CNN  -- A loft office collapsed at a Colorado Salvation Army thrift store , sending debris onto people below and launching a frantic search for someone who may have been missing , authorities said Friday . The second-story loft collapsed around 3 p.m. , when 22 people were in the thrift store and warehouse complex in Grand Junction , fire department spokesman Mike Page told CNN . Authorities initially believed one person may have been missing , but later learned that everybody had made it out of the building . The search took several hours because of the large quantity of rubble that was being removed by hand , Page said . Police dogs were assisting with the search . Rescuers used thermal imaging at the facility on Ute Avenue , Page said . Teams drilled a hole into the wall on the opposite side of the building to continue the search operation . Michele Mahoney , who works at a nearby business , said she heard a loud noise around 3:15 p.m. and came outside to discover a chaotic scene . Dan Wilson of the Salvation Army said staff at the store assisted after the collapse . "  I am proud of our employees and how they responded , " he said . "  They helped a couple customers and got everybody out of the building in a safe and orderly manner . " CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : The Salvation Army says staff members helped customers get out Everybody escaped from the building Canines are brought in to assist in the search
CNN  -- Former Manchester City manager Mark Hughes has resigned as coach of English club Fulham amid reports linking him with the vacant job at Aston Villa . Hughes has only been in charge at Craven Cottage for a season , joining the London-based club seven months after he was sacked by City . He led Fulham to eighth place in the English Premier League last season and the club qualified for UEFA 's Europa League competition due to their standing in Europe 's fair play table . Hughes said he wanted a new challenge but insisted he had n't been approached by any other club . In a statement he said : "  I hope the supporters and all those connected with the club will understand I wish to move on to further my experiences . "  I would also like to take this opportunity to clarify that neither myself nor my representative have approached or have been approached by another club . This decision to leave Fulham has not been influenced by any outside party . " Hughes , a former Manchester United and Barcelona striker , spent 18 months in charge at Manchester City , as the club were taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Mansour , who has since spent around $ 1bn . But Hughes was dismissed in December 2009 after a slump in league performances before he returned to the game to coach Fulham -- a job he claims he has done well . "  I would like to thank the chairman , directors , players and fans of Fulham Football Club for their support over the last 12 months and wish them every success in the future , " he added . "  I believe my management team and I have done a good job and the club has a strong foundation from which they can go forward . "  I sincerely wish Fulham a successful campaign in the Europa League next season and for their continued progress on and off the field . " A statement on Fulham 's official web site confirmed that Hughes had left the club . It read : "  Fulham Football Club can confirm that Mark Hughes has provided notice , under the terms of his contract , to leave the club at the end of June . "  After discussions with Mark the club has agreed to accept this notice . "	Mark Hughes resigns as manager of English Premier League club Fulham Former Manchester City coach Hughes says he wants to further his experiences English media claim Hughes is in the running for the vacant Aston Villa job
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Campaigners in London planned to petition the British government Friday for a posthumous pardon for the hundreds of people executed for witchcraft between the 16th and 18th centuries . Witchcraft has not been punishable by death for nearly 300 years . They said Halloween is a good time to highlight the "  grave miscarriage of justice " suffered by the men and women falsely accused of being witches . Their petition asks Justice Minister Jack Straw to recommend that Queen Elizabeth II issue a pardon . "  We felt that it was time that the sinister associations held by a minority of people regarding witches and Halloween were tackled head-on , " said Emma Angel , head of Angels , a large costume supplier in London . "  We were gobsmacked to discover that though the law was changed hundreds of years ago and society had moved on , the victims were never officially pardoned . " Angels launched a Web site , pardonthewitches.com , to solicit signatures for their petition . They had between 150 and 200 by Friday morning , Angels spokesman Benjamin Webb said , but they hoped Halloween publicity would generate more . Around 400 people were executed in England and some 4,000 in Scotland for alleged witchcraft , campaigners say . The Witchcraft Act of 1735 put an end to trials of accused witches , but many still faced persecution and jail for other crimes such as fraud . "  It shifted from a spiritual thing to more of a criminal thing , " Webb said , but "  it did n't pardon those people who 'd suffered before . " The campaigners worked with witchcraft historian John Callow to detail eight cases they hope will persuade the government to act . They include the case of Ursula Kemp , a woman who offered cures in Essex , England in the 1500s . The uneven results of her work prompted accusations of witchcraft and she was hanged in 1582 . A century later , Mary Trembles and Susanna Edwards were begging for food in Exeter , England , when a local woman blamed one of them for an illness and they were jailed . A jail visitor noticed Edwards ' shaky hands and suggested she was "  tormenting someone . " It started a string of rumors that resulted in an accusation of witchcraft , and the women were executed in 1682 . In 1645 , clergyman John Lowes was regarded as too attached to Catholicism in a strongly Reformed area . He had already defended himself once against witchcraft when he came to the attention of a notorious zealot named Matthew Hopkins . Hopkins made Lowes walk for days and nights until he was unable to resistconfessing to being a witch . Lowes was hanged in Bury St. Edmunds , England , after conducting his own funeral . "  Today we are well aware that these individuals were neither capable of harmful magic nor in league with the devil , " Callow said . He said the endemic poverty of the 16th to 18th centuries put pressure on leaders and the judiciary to blame someone for society 's problems -- so they decided to blame witches . "  A lot of these cases were score-settling in local communities , " Webb said , adding many cases of alleged witchcraft were n't even reported . "  The notion that people could suspend their disbelief and believe that women were talking to toads -- just horrible times . Horrible times . " In 2004 , one Scottish town managed to get a pardon for the 81 accused witches that had been put to death there . The independent baron court in Prestonpans , near Edinburgh , pardoned them before the court was officially disbanded in November of that year . In its ruling , the court pardoned both the accused witches and their cats who , it said , were executed for "  conjuration or sorcery . " It said their convictions were based on insufficient evidence that often relied on "  voices " or the actions of "  spirits " to attest to their guilt . A separate group petitioned the Scottish parliament last month , asking for pardons for each of the 4,000 witches who were put to death across the nation . Ewan Irvine , a medium with Full Moon Investigations , acknowledged it 's unlikely they will get a pardon for every accused witch , so the group is going ahead with a private memorial in Scotland instead . "  It would be an apology to all those accused , " said Irvine , whose group investigates the paranormal . Webb said while few people today may believe those men and women deserved execution , their stories still generate suspicion and stigma . That extends to modern-day criticism of children dressing as witches at Halloween with the idea that it 's evil or connected to the devil , he said . "  Witches were not emissaries of Satan , " Webb said . "  They were in fact persecuted women and men who deserve a pardon . " A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice would not comment on the case but said the granting of such a pardon is extremely rare . "  To receive a royal pardon , the test is a high one , " the spokesman said . "  Evidence must prove conclusively that no offense was committed or that the applicant did not commit the offense . It is not enough that the conviction may be unsafe -- the applicant must be technically and morally innocent . " Accused witches were also tried and put to death in the famous Salem witch trials in the U.S. state of Massachusetts in the late 1600s , but all were later pardoned , said Alison D'Amario , director of education at the Salem Witch Museum . The names of 14 were cleared in 1711 after their families applied to the government , D'Amario said . Gov. Foster Furcolo cleared one name in 1957 , and then-Gov . Jane Swift cleared the remaining five in 2001 , she said . "  Their names are now on a list that makes it seem as though they were innocent , which they surely were , " D'Amario said .	Petition seeks pardon for UK witches hundreds of years after their deaths Around 400 people were executed in England for alleged witchcraft The Witchcraft Act of 1735 put an end to trials of accused witches In 2004 one Scottish town managed to get a pardon for 81 accused witches
Cairo  CNN  Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a preliminary agreement to cooperate on building a nuclear power plant after meeting Tuesday in Cairo . Speaking at a joint news conference , Putin focused on economic cooperation , saying there was an 80 % increase in trade between the two countries last year . He said Russia would contribute to the construction of a nuclear power plant , training staff and scientific research . El-Sisi covered both economic and political cooperation in his remarks . The Egyptian President said he had stressed the importance of "  military cooperation " to his Russian counterpart and the continuation of "  strategic relations " and high-level meetings to discuss regional issues . He said both sides were in agreement on the importance of standing together to fight terrorism . "  I agreed with the Russian President that the terrorism challenge Egypt is facing knows no borders , " he said . The battle against terrorism is n't only on the security front , el-Sisi said , but also includes addressing the ideological and social foundation of extremism . In discussions on regional issues , el-Sisi said he had stressed the need for a two-state solution to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict as well as threats to the sovereignty of Libya and the unity of both Iraq and Yemen . Both leaders discussed reaching a peaceful solution to the Syrian crisis , including a meeting for all sides involved , he said . "  We agreed on the need of the world to come up with a more democratic and just system , " el-Sisi said . Putin 's sole mention of political cooperation was on the subject of Syria .	Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Russian President Vladimir Putin meet in Cairo Putin says trade between the countries increased by 80 % last year El-Sisi says they discussed ways to find a peaceful solution to the Syria crisis
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The wisdom of business professors , once only available to MBAs and business students , can now be accessed by anybody with an Internet connection . At HEC Paris , MBA students are given an iPod Touch so they can download podcasts of lectures . Hundreds of universities , and a growing number of business schools , are making recordings of lectures , seminars and conferences available to the general public via Web sites such as iTunes and YouTube . Leading business schools including University of Cambridge Judge Business School , Fuqua School of Business , and Yale School of Management make course content available for download through iTunes University  iTunes U  , part of the of the iTunes online store . That means those whose budget wo n't stretch to a two-year MBA can simulate the experience at home -- or at work , in the gym or anywhere else they choose . And even better for money-conscious learners , the iTunes U content can all be downloaded free of charge . French business school HEC Paris is due to launch its iTunes U content in the next few months , but it has been running an ambitious podcast program since 2006 . Begun as an experiment in partnership with Apple , all new MBAs at HEC are provided with an iPod Touch . Around half of the MBA lectures are filmed using an automatic camera system and the footage is made available for students to download and view on their iPhones . Vanessa Klein , HEC 's project manager for iTunes U , told CNN that the iPod-enabled curriculum has proved a hit with students . As well watching lectures , she said the students ' own presentations are recorded and made available for download so they can review their performance . She says one teacher noticed that each year his MBA students would ask the same questions after his end-of-course summary , so he made a podcast of recurring questions and answers . After encouraging students to come up with new questions , he is now recording responses to those in an effort to compile a video archive of questions and answers . Read more business features Klein says that by making lectures available via iTunes U , HEC wants to be at the forefront of providing content for the rest of the world , but she acknowledges that the technology is also a great way to promote the business school . "  It 's a good marketing tool , not as publicity but to really show people what we are providing , " she told CNN . "  You can watch a lecture , learn a lot and think ' I wish I could be there . ' The idea is to show what you could learn if you were at this place . " YouTube EDU was launched in March this year and hosts the YouTube channels of hundreds of universities . Earlier this month it added content from 45 universities in Europe and Israel and now holds videos of lectures and discussions provided by business schools including INSEAD , ESCP Europe and University of California Haas School of Business . Launched at the same time as YouTube EDU , Academic Earth hosts videos from U.S. universities including Harvard , Yale and Princeton , although the business content is provided almost exclusively by Stanford University . Offering less audio/visual content , but still full of business school information , MIT 's Open Course Ware site gives free access to almost all MIT course content , including extensive lecture notes , assignments and exams from MIT 's Sloan School of Management . Interested in the "  Advanced Topics in Real Estate Finance ? " You can download the complete lecture notes from Sloan 's 2007 course on the subject at MIT 's Open Course Ware site . Other universities have their own Open Course Ware sites and the Open Course Ware Consortium has been set up as an agglomerator site , providing content from more over 200 higher education institutions . But it 's iTunes U that 's generating the most interest . The University of Oxford says there have been more than one million downloads from its iTunes U site , while Stanford University says its course on creating iPhone applications was downloaded more than one million times in just seven weeks . This week 's most popular business download on iTunes U is a University of Oxford lecture called "  Entrepreneurship and the Ideal Business Plan . " It may not get as many downloads as Michael Jackson 's posthumous single , but it should prove more useful when it comes to getting a business off the ground .	A growing number of business schools are putting lectures on the Internet YouTube EDU , iTunes University and Academic Earth all host free lectures At HEC Paris , students can download lectures and Q&A sessions MIT 's Open Course Ware site gives free access to MIT course content
Three speeches , three days . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is starting to look a lot like someone who is picking up the pace of a presidential campaign -- complete with the perks and the challenges that come with it . On Wednesday , she spoke to the University of Buffalo . Thursday , she returned to Washington for her place in the lineup of high-profile public figures at a conference the Center for American Progress was hosting . Friday night she did Colgate University 's "  distinguished speakers " series in upstate New York . Asked in Buffalo what her ideal presidential candidate in 2016 would look like , she said : "  I 'm not as interested in what the candidate looks like as what the candidate stands for and what the candidate really believes needs to be the agenda for America 's future , particularly as it relates to young people like students at this great university . " Three big takeaways from Hillary Clinton 's return to politics And in what could be interpreted as either a slight dig at President Barack Obama -- or at least a way of differentiating herself -- she added , "  and what the candidate brings to the table in terms of being able to not only present the agenda but have a very specific set of plans of implanting the agenda and bringing the country along . " Candidate Obama , of course , was viewed by critics as a powerful speaker with less experience and less of a vision to implement , and Clinton could be playing on buyer 's remorse . But the tests she might face on the left and the right were in play this week . Clinton on possible presidency She did n't veer far to the left in her remarks before the wonky liberal crowd at the St. Regis in Washington for the Center for American Progress gathering , but her presence was notable . CNN contributor Ron Brownstein cautioned that if she faces a challenge in a Democratic primary , it 's likely to be from the liberal left . "  It is very hard to imagine somebody beating Hillary Clinton from the center of the party , " he said . "  If there is going to be anybody who could even give her a tough time , it would be somebody coming from more of a fringe of the party , something kind of a tangent of the party -- either a generational argument or a populist argument . " Brownstein specifically mentioned Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , who has become a hero to the populist wing of the party , as a potential challenge to Clinton . How long can Hillary wait ? And yet , advantages come for politicians who are considered overwhelming frontrunners like Clinton . Just this week , liberal billionaire George Soros said he 's jumping on the bandwagon to draft Clinton into the 2016 race by becoming a co-chair of the "  Ready for Hillary " super PAC 's finance team . Even though Clinton is not exactly lining up donors and bundlers for her own campaign just yet , the commitment to her is a significant one in what could be a quest to sew up her left flank . But she 'll have other issues on the right , if she reaches the general election . On Wednesday , a protestor in Buffalo heckled her over the biggest black mark on her record , the death of four Americans at the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya , during her tenure as Secretary of State . Democrats and Republicans alike say it could be her biggest weakness if she becomes her party 's nominee . "  Benghazi . You let them die , " the protestor said . And that weakness leads some to wonder why Clinton is sticking her neck out so far so soon . Brownstein said he 's surprised by how visible and vocal she 's been this fall . "  I think a lot of people thought that she would basically go under the radar for as long as possible to stay out of the fray , kind of shorten the race , " he said . "  So it is a somewhat different strategy -- maybe they are trying to sort of avoid the sense that she is kind of an imperial candidate who believes that this is hers by birthright or succession . " Opinion : Hillary , do n't run for president	Hillary Clinton has made a series of public appearances in the past week Moves are fueling the speculation of a possible White House bid in 2016 She may also be trying to differentiating herself from President Obama
CNN  -- Heidi Klum has formally filed for divorce from singer Seal , almost three months after they separated , the supermodel 's publicist said . Her filing in Los Angeles on Friday marks an end to a romance that captivated the nation with its numerous displays of affection , including a vow renewal ceremony every year and a Halloween costume party that featured Hollywood stars . The two separated in January after seven years of marriage . "  While we have enjoyed seven very loving , loyal and happy years of marriage , after much soul-searching we have decided to separate , " they said in a joint statement at the time . "  We have had the deepest respect for one another throughout our relationship and continue to love each other very much , but we have grown apart . " Seal and Klum , who have four children , said their separation was amicable . "  Protecting the well-being of our children remains our top priority , especially during this time of transition , " they said . "  And for our children 's sake , we appreciate you respecting our privacy . " The "  Project Runway " star has said she first met Seal when she was sitting in the lobby of a New York City hotel . Seal is best known for his hits "  Crazy " and "  Kiss from a Rose , " which appeared on the "  Batman Forever " soundtrack .	Klum 's filing in Los Angeles marks an end to a romance that captivated fans The parents of four say the decision is amicable Seal is best known for his hits "  Crazy " and "  Kiss from a Rose "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A dancer-choreographer has filed a claim against Michael Jackson 's estate related to alleged child sex abuse by the late pop icon . Wade Robson , now 30 , denied in testimony at Jackson 's child molestation trial in 2005 that he had been molested by the singer . Two months after Jackson 's death in 2009 , Robson said they had "  a wonderful relationship " and he called Jackson "  a kind human being . " The lawyer for Jackson 's estate called the new accusations "  outrageous and pathetic . " The details of the allegation are sealed by the Los Angeles probate court where Robson 's lawyer filed the claim last week , according to a court document obtained Tuesday by CNN . The deadline has long passed for creditors to file claims against Jackson 's estate , but Robson is asking the probate court to allow him to file a late creditor 's claim . The sealed documents include an affidavit from Dr. David Arredondo , a San Francisco-based child psychiatrist , the filing said . Jackson was acquitted of child molestation charges in 2005 , partly based on the testimony of Robson , his sister and his mother . "  It 's absurd , " said Tom Mesereau , the lawyer who successfully defended Jackson in the trial . "  He was one of the strongest witnesses for the defense at Michael Jackson 's criminal trial in 2005 . He was adamant under oath that he had never been molested at any time . " A housekeeper at Jackson 's Neverland Ranch testified that she saw Jackson showering naked with Robson during a visit in the early 1990s , but he denied it at the trial . "  He withstood very aggressive cross-examination by the prosecutor , " Mesereau told CNN Tuesday . "  He stood his ground and never wavered in saying Michael Jackson had done absolutely nothing improper to him . " Robson met Jackson in his native Australia when he was just 5 . Jackson invited him for frequent stays at Neverland after Robson and his family moved to Los Angeles two years later . Their visits continued until he was 13 , according to court testimony . Robson paid tribute to Jackson In an interview with "  Entertainment Tonight " to promote his choreography work on the MTV Video Music Awards in August 2009 . "  I just had a wonderful relationship , " he said . "  I learned so much from him , as an artist and as a kind human being , and it 's my goal to just try and continue as much as I can in my own little world that legacy . " "  We talk so much about him as the pop legend , which is important , but it 's nice to remember that he was a man , that he was a father , " Robson said . "  And that 's what it 's really about is a father and his children , and he was a wonderful dad . " The 2005 trial in Santa Barbara County , California , centered on charges that Jackson had molested a 13-year-old cancer survivor who often visited his ranch . He was also charged with plying the boy with alcohol , and conspiring to abduct , extort and falsely imprison the child and his family . He was acquitted on all counts . "  I 've known Michael for a long time . I 've spent many hours talking to him about everything . I trust him . I trust him with my children , " Joy Robson , the mother of Wade Robson , testified when called as a prosecution witness . Robson said she let Wade , who was then 7 , and daughter Chantal sleep in Jackson 's bedroom from the first visit . "  Mr. Robson 's claim is outrageous and pathetic , " Jackson estate lawyer Howard Weitzman said in a prepared statement . "  This is a young man who has testified at least twice under oath over the past 20 years and said in numerous interviews that Michael Jackson never did anything inappropriate to him or with him . Now , nearly four years after Michael has passed this sad and less than credible claim has been made . We are confident that the court will see this for what it is . " Mesereau said it was "  suspicious timing " for the claim to be filed at the start of the trial of the Michael Jackson wrongful death case , in which Jackson 's mother and children are suing concert promoter AEG Live . AEG Live lawyers have said they would bring up the child molestation charges against Jackson as part of their defense . Coincidentally , Robson is artistic director for singer Demi Lovato 's tour , which is being promoted by AEG Live , according to his website . When asked about it Wednesday , AEG Live attorney Marvin Putman denied there was any connection between the sex abuse accusation and the current trial . Debts , drugs , messy bedroom highlighted in Jackson trial Autopsy reveals Jackson 's secrets	NEW : AEG Live lawyer denies any connection between sex claim and death trial Robson , at Jackson 's 2005 trial , denied he was sexually abused He was one of Jackson 's "  strongest witnesses , " attorney Tom Mesereau says Attorney : Wade Robson 's claim against Michael Jackson is "  outrageous and pathetic "
The parents who pulled their cancer-stricken son from a British hospital and spurred an international search for the boy have been ordered to appear Monday in a court in Spain , where they were arrested , police said . Brett and Naghmeh King took their 5-year-old son , Ashya , who has brain cancer , to France and then Spain late last week , authorities said . Hotel staff members in Malaga , Spain , recognized Ashya and his family from media coverage and contacted police . Authorities did not confirm what charges the couple will face , but say that "  cruelty " could be one of them as suggested by British law . British police have arrived in Spain to question the parents , Malaga police told CNN . The British Crown Prosecution Service will be working on extradition efforts . The court appearance is part of a European arrest order that was issued by Britain against the couple . Their arrests came hours after Brett King publicly asserted that he and his wife are not kidnappers and are not neglecting their son . "  We were most disturbed today to find that his face is all over the Internet and newspapers , and we 've been labeled as kidnappers , putting his life at risk , neglect , " King said in a YouTube video posted Saturday . "  We 're very happy with his progress , " the father said in the video . "  We 're not neglecting him . " The father is seen sitting on a bed with his son leaning against him . He points to a machine on the nightstand next to him . "  We 've got loads of these feeds here . We 've got iron supplements and we 've got Calpol , " an over-the-counter medication , King said . "  As you can see , there 's nothing wrong with him . He 's very happy , actually . Since we took him out of hospital , he 's been smiling a lot more . He 's been very much interacting with us . " Brett King defended his actions in the video made shortly before his arrest . He accuses two doctors at the hospital for not allowing him to seek proton beam treatment outside of Britain , even though he said he was ready to pay for the treatment himself . "  We pleaded with them for proton beam treatment . They looked at me straight in the face and said with his cancer , which is called medulloblastoma , it would have no benefit whatsoever . " King said he then looked on the Internet and found sites in the United States , France and Switzerland on proton beam treatment that "  said the opposite that it would be beneficial for him . " The University Hospital in Southampton issued a statement saying they are working with doctors in Malaga to ensure Ashya 's welfare and "  are delighted that he has been found . " "  We are aware of the comments made online by his father , " the statement said . "  Throughout Ashya 's admission we have had conversations about the treatment options available to him and we had offered the family access to a second opinion , as well as assistance with organizing treatment abroad . " After Ashya was taken from the hospital without authorization Thursday , the family -- including Ashya 's six siblings -- boarded a ferry and headed to Cherbourg , France , that night , police in Britain said . Interpol issued an international missing person notice to the agency 's 190 member countries to help find Ashya . While authorities were searching for the boy , Detective Superintendent Dick Pearson said Ashya is not mobile on his own , can not communicate verbally and is supposed to be receiving constant medical care because of recent surgery and "  ongoing medical issues . " "  Without this specialist 24-hour care , Ashya is at risk of additional health complications which place him at substantial risk , " Pearson said Friday . After the parents ' arrest Saturday night , authorities acknowledged they could face criticism . "  All of our efforts resulted from explicit medical advice that Ashya 's life was in danger , " said Assistant Chief Constable Chris Shead of Britain 's Hampshire Constabulary . "  I am very aware that there are comments about the rights and wrongs of our approach , but when we are told by experts that any child 's life is at risk we will make no apologies for being as proactive as possible . " Hampshire police said Ashya was taken to Materno Infantile Hospital in Spain and that the facility was communicating with Southampton General Hospital , where the boy had been removed by his parents . It was not immediately clear what happened to the Kings ' other children . In the United states only a handful of hospitals offer proton-beam therapy after surgery , including Massachusetts General Hospital , where the late U.S. Sen. Ted Kennedy was treated for brain cancer in 2008 . He died just a year after his surgery for malignant glioma . That surgery was followed by six weeks of radiation . Kennedy wrote in a Newsweek magazine article at the time that he underwent proton-beam therapy . The theory behind proton therapy is that its high-energy particles zone in specifically on the tumor and so do not harm the surrounding healthy tissue as much as the X-ray photons in conventional therapy , said Dr. Donald O'Rourke , associate professor of neurosurgery at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine .	Parents ordered to appear in Spanish court Monday Parents took Ashya King , 5 , from British hospital without authorization , police say The father says there was a disagreement over his son 's course of treatment The boy was taken to a hospital in Spain , where he was found
Washington  CNN  -- They are losing the battle over higher taxes on the wealthy , so now Republicans are threatening a political war next year when it comes time to raise the nation 's debt ceiling . With cracks appearing in their anti-tax facade and polls showing most Americans favoring President Barack Obama 's stance in the fiscal cliff negotiations , GOP legislators are starting to advocate a tactical retreat to fight another day . Conservative Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , promised the newly re-elected Obama "  one hell of a fight " next year if the president forces through his plan for high-income earners to pay more taxes without agreeing to substantive steps to reduce the nation 's chronic federal deficits and debt . "  But there will come a time in February and March where we have to raise the debt ceiling , " Graham said Tuesday on "  Piers Morgan Tonight " on CNN . "  I will not raise the debt ceiling ever again until we get significant entitlement reforms , because if we do n't reform entitlements , we 're going to become Greece , " adding that the situation presented a chance for Obama to lead . "  But if he does n't lead , there 's going to be one hell of a fight over raising the debt ceiling . " Survey : 70 % want compromise Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell concurred on Tuesday , telling reporters that "  we are going to insist that we have another discussion about the future of our country in connection with his request of us to raise the debt ceiling . " Meanwhile , McConnell and House Speaker John Boehner on Tuesday called for Obama to make public the specific spending cuts he will offer in a deficit-reduction deal . Both complained that Obama was deliberately holding up progress in negotiations by refusing to provide the details of his cost saving plans . "  Where are the president 's spending cuts ? " asked Boehner , R-Ohio , the lead GOP negotiator . "  The longer the White House slow walks this process , the closer our economy gets to the fiscal cliff . " In response , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Boehner and McConnell were wrong because Obama detailed his proposed spending cuts more than a year ago . He added that Republican negotiators had yet to offer any details of their own on how to raise more revenue from taxes , "  and it would be helpful if they did . " House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi , meanwhile , argued that the $ 1 trillion in spending cuts agreed to by Congress in the past two years should be counted toward deficit reduction in the current negotiations . "  Where are the cuts ? They 're in bills that you , Mr. Speaker , have voted for , " Pelosi , D-California , said Tuesday . Three weeks remain to cut a deal before the automatic tax increases and spending cuts of the fiscal cliff go into effect on January 1 . Without an agreement during the current lame-duck session of Congress , everyone 's taxes will go up , and economists warn the impact of the fiscal cliff could cause another recession . Obama , Boehner speak by telephone after GOP counter-offer However , the administration has signaled it can delay some of the effects to allow time to work out an agreement when a new Congress convenes in January . Obama has held a campaign-style series of public events to back his call for extending Bush-era tax cuts for 98 % of Americans while allowing rates to return to higher 1990s levels on income over $ 250,000 . The issue was central to his re-election in November , and Obama made clear on Monday that he intended to adhere to his belief that the wealthy must contribute more . "  I 'm willing to compromise a little bit , " Obama said at a Michigan diesel engine plant . However , he said higher tax rates on the the top income brackets was "  a principle I 'm not going to compromise on . " The president 's public push appears to be working as polls show that most Americans back the president 's position . A new Politico/George Washington University survey on Monday said 60 % of respondents supported Obama 's proposal compared with 38 % who opposed it . On Tuesday , a Gallup poll showed that 70 % of adult Americans want Congress and the White House to reach a compromise that would avoid the fiscal cliff . A similar Gallup poll last week said 62 % wanted compromise . The deficit-reduction debate hinges on the tax issue , with Republicans opposing any increase in tax rates in their quest to shrink government , while Obama and Democrats want to secure more tax revenue as part of a broader package . Americans already making big decisions over fiscal cliff Both sides call for eliminating tax deductions and loopholes to raise more revenue , but Obama also demands an end to the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 for the top brackets . Republicans oppose the return to higher rates , saying it will inhibit job growth because small business owners declare their profits as personal income and therefore would face a tax increase . In response , Obama and Democrats note that their plan -- already approved by the Senate and needing House approval to be signed into law by the president -- affects just 2 % of taxpayers and 3 % of small business owners . While Republicans argue those small business owners account for about half of all business income , Democrats say that 's because they include law firms , hedge funds traders and other high-income operations . Obama and Boehner met face to face on Sunday for the first time since November 16 . It also was their first one-on-one meeting in more than a year , when deficit talks broke down . The outline for a deal has become clear in recent weeks . Both sides agree that more revenue from taxes should be part of the equation , with Obama seeking $ 1.6 trillion and Republicans offering $ 800 billion . A source close to the talks said Tuesday that the White House had floated the idea of dropping the revenue target to $ 1.2 trillion , then went up to $ 1.4 trillion on Monday . Later , Boehner spokesman Michael Steel said his side made a counteroffer to the White House "  that would achieve tax and entitlement reform to solve our looming debt crisis and create more American jobs . " Steel also said Boehner and Obama spoke on the phone after the Republican proposal was floated . Steel provided no further details on the counteroffer or the phone conversation , and repeated Boehner 's earlier assertion that Republicans were waiting for Obama to identify specific spending cuts he would be willing to make . Federal Reserve may buy more bonds Boehner 's side wants additional revenue to come from tax reform , such as eliminating some deductions and loopholes , while Obama demands the higher rates on income over $ 250,000 for families as part of the equation . Republicans also seek savings from entitlement programs totaling another $ 800 billion or so , while Obama has proposed $ 400 billion in reduced entitlement costs . Social Security would not be included in the president 's plan . Another sticky issue -- whether the need to raise the federal debt ceiling early next year should be part of the discussion -- also remains unresolved . Obama says absolutely not , while Boehner says that any increase in government borrowing to pay its bills must be offset by spending cuts . Graham 's comments this week showed that Republicans plan to regroup around negotiations to raise the debt ceiling . From my home to the house : How to fix the fiscal cliff He noted that Obama proposed making permanent a process originated by McConnell that would allow the president to increase the debt ceiling and Congress to then try to block it , an unlikely scenario given Democratic control of the Senate . "  That 's going nowhere , " Graham told Fox News on Monday , adding : "  He 's not king . He 's president . " However , a top House Democrat said that exploiting the debt ceiling for political gain would backfire on Republicans . "  Threatening to tank the entire economy , which is what would happen if we ever defaulted on our debt , is not a kind of negotiating strategy that is going to be popular with the American people , " Rep. Chris Van Hollen told MSNBC on Monday . It remains unclear if a deal will happen before the end of the year or if the negotiations will carry over into 2013 , after the fiscal cliff takes effect . Without action now on the fiscal cliff , the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center estimates that middle-class families would pay about $ 2,000 a year more in taxes . Even with a deal , revisions in the tax code and other changes would mean everyone pays a bit more starting next year . All signs point toward a two-step approach sought by Obama , with initial agreement now on some version of his tax plan with targets set for comprehensive negotiations on a broader deficit reduction deal in the new Congress next year . Opinion : Generals , get real and cut Pentagon spending Such an outcome would put off the main worry of the fiscal cliff , the expiration of the Bush-era tax cuts that would result in higher rates for everyone . Obama and Democrats say they would then be ready to negotiate significant savings from entitlement programs , while Republicans say they need to first see commitment on entitlement reforms before accepting any higher tax rates . McConnell , R-Kentucky , warned on the Senate floor on Tuesday that "  until the president gets specific about cuts , nobody should trust Democrats to put a dime in new revenue toward real deficit reduction or to stop their shakedown of the taxpayers at the top 2 % . " He and Boehner want Obama to take some of the political heat for proposing cuts to entitlement programs and other government spending . On Tuesday , congressional Democrats rejected any cuts to the Medicaid health care system for poor and disabled Americans as part of a fiscal cliff deal . The opposition by Democrats showed the pressure Obama faces from his liberal base to avoid significant changes to the entitlement program that benefits millions . Some in Congress warn that the legislative process will need at least a week to work through potentially complex measures from any proposed deal , meaning there is a de facto deadline of Christmas Day at the very latest for negotiators . Retiring Sen. Kent Conrad , D-North Dakota , predicted Tuesday on MSNBC that a deal would get worked out in a week 's time . "  It would be wise on their part not to come too quickly with a deal because that would give all the interest groups a chance to get organized and try to kill it , " Conrad said . "  And we know that on the right , on the left , special interest groups are just salivating at the chance to attack any agreement because , look , any agreement is going to have controversy attached to it . " iReport : How will the fiscal cliff affect you ? CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Ashley Killough and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	NEW : White House , Republicans exchange counteroffers ; Boehner , Obama talk on phone NEW : Graham promises "  one hell of a fight " over debt ceiling hike unless deficit cut The White House challenges GOP leaders over who lacks specifics Polls show most Americans back the president on raising taxes on the rich
CNN  -- A vaccine not licensed for use in the United States will be offered to thousands of Princeton University students beginning Monday , after a string of meningitis B cases at the college this year . The vaccine is called Bexsero and is made by Novartis . It has been approved in Europe and Australia . With the blessing of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Princeton will make the vaccine available to all undergraduate students , graduate students living in dorms or the Graduate College and annexes , and other university community members with particular medical conditions . Meningococcal disease at UCSB That adds up to about 5,000 undergraduates and 550 graduate students in dorms , university spokesman Martin Mbugua had told CNN previously . Additionally , around half a dozen people with conditions that fall under the recommendation would also be affected , although there may be more who have not yet disclosed their conditions , he said . These include conditions where the spleen is compromised , or certain other immune system disorders . The vaccine will not be provided to anyone else or given out anywhere else , the school said . Young adults and individuals with certain medical conditions have an increased risk of meningitis , especially when living in close proximity to one another , such as in dormitories . The first dose of the vaccine will be available this week ; a second dose in February . For maximum protection , individuals must receive two doses . Princeton will cover the cost of the vaccine . Meningitis is caused by inflammation of the membranes that cover the brain and the spinal cord , known as the meninges . Infection of the fluid surrounding the brain and spinal cord usually causes this inflammation , according to the CDC . In 2012 , there were 480 cases of bacterial meningitis in the United States , according to the CDC . Of those , 160 were group B. Michigan , feds to share info in meningitis probe CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report	Princeton has reported eight cases of meningitis B since March The vaccine is called Bexsero and is made by Novartis
Ars Technica  -- These days , it seems , it 's not enough for a digital device to just play games . To keep up with the smartphones and tablet computers of the world , any game system needs to at least nod in the direction of cloud-based and social networking "  apps " that are all the rage with the kiddies . Sony 's PlayStation Vita has now done exactly that , launching free downloadable Netflix , Twitter and Flickr apps in conjunction with the system 's official debut Wednesday  though pre-orderers have had the system for a week now  . Your very first encounter with two of these apps foreshadows the occasionally awkward experience to come . When you first load up Twitter or Flickr on your Vita , you 're asked to click a button that opens up a web browser where you can log in to the service . Then you 're expected to write down a confirmation code and navigate back to the original app to confirm your credentials . It 's a minor , one-time annoyance , but it makes the Netflix app 's integrated login prompt seem futuristic by comparison . CNN Tech : Hands-on with the new PlayStation Vita Netflix Netflix is probably the most useful of the apps in the Vita 's initial batch . Even if you already have the streaming video service on a host of other devices  and you probably do  , the Vita 's large , crisp screen provides a pleasant portable viewing experience without being quite as large or cumbersome as an iPad or laptop  not to mention an HDTV  . The Vita 's 960 x 544 resolution is n't quite "  HD , " but high-definition content still looks pretty good , provided you have the bandwidth to view it  warning to 3G users : Netflix will eat up your data allowance incredibly quickly  . This is the only Vita app so far that makes use of the system 's face buttons as well as the touch screen , letting you fast forward and rewind with the analog stick or pause with the X button . You can also use the touch screen to flick through a timeline of screengrabs from the video , which is quite pleasant . My only real complaint about the interface is the odd inability to scroll through the front page of recommendations with quick flicks -- instead you have to awkwardly tap on-screen buttons to move up and down the rows . Twitter The Vita 's Twitter app , dubbed LiveTweet , provides all the basic functionality you 'd expect from the service and then some . It 's easy to scroll through your timeline , @replies or direct messages with responsive flick scrolling and a familiar pull-down-to-refresh option . You can easily search through tweets by keyword or hashtag and even view a series of @replies through a handy conversation view . Writing tweets is relatively painless using the Vita 's big on-screen keyboard , though I found myself often missing the space bar when I was typing quickly . But LiveTweet is somewhat annoying to use if you , like me , primarily use Twitter as a way to scan for interesting links posted by interesting friends . Clicking a link from LiveTweet loads up the Vita 's somewhat limited web browser , which takes a few seconds to warm up and then load the page . Once you come back to LiveTweet , the app has often lost your place in browsing the tweetstream , which means you have to wait a few seconds for everything to load again and then waste time scrolling to find your place . It 's also hard to imagine where Twitter for the Vita is going to find its niche . If you 're on the computer , you likely have a better Twitter app just a click away . If you 're away from the computer , you 're more likely to have a Twitter-capable smartphone that 's handier to carry around than the massive Vita , which easily dominates any pocket it fits in . Still , if you need to tell the world about your Super Stardust Delta high score right now , you 're only a few taps away from doing so on the Vita . Flickr Flickr rounds out the Vita 's initial round of apps , with quite possibly the nicest interface of the bunch . Rows of easy-to-scroll-through thumbnail images provide quick access to you photostream , favorites , contacts , saved searches and even suggestions for interesting Flickr members to browse through . There 's also a nice batch upload option that does n't even require leaving the main menu , though why you 'd want to upload many photos from the Vita 's low-quality camera is a mystery  the service might be more useful for uploading screenshots , though , which I did while composing writing this very piece  . It only takes a couple of taps to go from a tiny thumbnail to a beautiful , full-screen image that you can easily pan and zoom around with the multitouch screen . It is somewhat annoying , though , that you can only view caption and tag information when the image is an unzoomed , compact square on the right side of the screen -- some sort of transparent overlay option would have been nice . It 's also a bit odd that there 's no option to download photos to your Vita to use as home screen wallpapers , though you can use the Vita 's screenshot function to approximate this feature . So far , the Vita 's nongaming apps feel more like nice extras than crucial selling points for the system . They work better as a proof-of-concept for the potential nongaming uses of the Vita 's excellent touchscreen than as tools you 're likely to fully integrate into your digital life . Here 's hoping Sony relaxes its tight hold on the PlayStation Network marketplace to let more app makers play around with the system 's potential outside of games . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	The PS Vita is primarily a gaming device but also runs apps for Netflix , Twitter and other services The Vita screen 's resolution is n't quite "  HD , " but high-definition content still looks good You can easily search through tweets with a handy conversation view Flickr has a nice interface with quick access to photostream , favorites and contacts
Rolling Stone  -- For Neil Young , the Sixties never ended . The music , memories and changes haunt his best songs and records like bittersweet perfume : vital , endlessly renewing inspirations that are also constant , enraging reminders of promises broken and ideals betrayed . In "  Twisted Road , " one of eight new songs sprawled across this turbulent two-CD set , Young recalls , in a brilliantly mixed metaphor , the first time he heard Bob Dylan 's "  Like a Rolling Stone " : "  Poetry rolling off his tongue/Like Hank Williams chewing bubble gum . " And Young tells you what he did with the impact . "  I felt that magic and took it home/Gave it a twist and made it mine , " he sings over Crazy Horse 's rough-country swagger , as if the marvel of that time and his dreams are still close enough to touch . So are the mess and his dismay . Psychedelic Pill is Young 's second album of 2012 with the Horse , his perfectly unpolished garage band of 43 years , and it has the roiling honesty and brutal exuberance of their best records together . This one opens with a special perversity : the thumping 27-minute fuzz-box trance of "  Driftin ' Back . " Young , on lead guitar , spits feedback and throttles his whammy bar for long , mad stretches over rhythm guitarist Frank Sampedro 's trusty two-chord support and the rock-infantry march of bassist Billy Talbot and drummer Ralph Molina . Every six or so minutes , Young 's cracked yelp cuts through the tumult , spiking the flashback in the dreamy chorus with a contemporary disgust for tech-giant greed and the lousy sound of MP3s , whose sh *** y fidelity is "  blockin ' out my anger/Blockin ' out my thoughts . " There is , in fact , no mistaking Young 's mood . For most of its near-90 minutes , Psychedelic Pill is an infuriated trip : long tracks of barbed-guitar jamming and often surrealistic ire  "  Gon na get me a hip-hop haircut , " he sneers , to no apparent sense , in "  Driftin ' Back "  interrupted by short bursts of warming bliss . It is a weirdly compelling seesaw . "  Psychedelic Pill " is a Day-Glo-angel twist on "  Cinnamon Girl " coated , in the first of two versions here , with jet-engine-like phasing . But then comes "  Ramada Inn , " 17 minutes of broiling guitars and stressed a ection in which Young examines a love that has somehow stayed alive long after the high times turned into routine and basic daily needs . Even the sweet stuff is spiked . In the cheerful country funk of "  Born in Ontario , " Young admits he writes songs "  to make sense of my inner rage . " Yet he keeps finding hope in there . "  Me and some of my friends/We were going to save the world ... . But then the weather changed ... and it breaks my heart , " Young confesses through black clouds of distortion in "  Walk Like a Giant , " dogged by the mocking whistle of the Horse . A big closing chunk of the song 's 16 minutes is Young 's idea of a giant marching through ruin : thunderclap drums and hacking-cough chords . But the real end hints at rebirth : a cleansing coda of wordless acid-choir sunshine . Young may feel like the last hippie standing , but he still sounds like a guy who believes the dreaming is not done . See original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Psychedelic Pill is Young 's second album of 2012 with the Horse For most of its near-90 minutes , Psychedelic Pill is an infuriated trip A big closing chunk of one song is Young 's idea of a giant marching through ruin
LONDON , England  CNN  -- -- The World Health Organization has called the swine flu outbreak spreading around the world a "  public health emergency of international concern . " Swine flu is usually diagnosed only in pigs or people in regular contact with them . Health workers worldwide are racing to prevent what may potentially become a pandemic . An influenza pandemic occurs when a new virus appears against which the human population has no immunity , according to the WHO . Christine Layton , a public health expert who specializes in influenza at research institute RTI International , told CNN the swine flu has "  pandemic potential . " "  Unlike the avian flu that people were concerned about a few years ago , a lot more cases are occurring in a lot more different places , " she said . "  The mortality rate is lower with swine flu , but it seems to be cropping up in a lot more different places . " See photos of the outbreak in Mexico " Previous influenza pandemics have been deadly . According to current projections , a pandemic today could result in up to 7.4 million deaths worldwide , the WHO says . Since 1900 , three pandemics have occurred , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . Spanish flu was the worst pandemic of the 20th century . Up to 40 percent of the worldwide population became ill when it occurred in 1918-1919 . The WHO estimates the Spanish flu resulted in upwards of 50 million deaths -- or more deaths than those during World War I . A virus as severe as Spanish flu has not been seen since . Although 10 times deadlier than other pandemics , Spanish flu was far less contagious than diseases such as measles or chicken pox , according to Harvard epidemiologists Christina Mills and Marc Lipsitch , who carried out a study in 2004 . In 1957 , another influenza pandemic surfaced . The 1957 pandemic was known as the Asian flu . Watch Dr. Gupta report from the epicenter of the outbreak " It was sparked by the H2N2 strain and was first identified in China . There were two waves of illness during this pandemic : The first wave mostly hit children , while the second mostly affected the elderly . It caused about 2 million deaths globally . But the medical community was able to identify that pandemic more quickly because of improvements in scientific technology , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control . The most recent pandemic occurred in early 1968 when a flu pandemic surfaced in Hong Kong . About 33,800 people died between September 1968 and March 1969 -- making it one of the mildest pandemics of the 20th century . While no pandemics have surfaced since 1968 , other pandemic "  threats " have occurred in the 20th century , including the 1976 "  killer flu "  later named "  swine flu "  threat in the United States , which led to a mass vaccinations amid fears it was related to the Spanish flu virus . The most recent pandemic threats occurred in 1997 and 1999 . Hundreds of people became infected with the avian flu virus , or bird flu , which killed six people and infected hundreds . This virus was different as it moved from chickens to people , rather than moving through pigs first . Around 1.5 million poultry were slaughtered in Hong Kong to contain the threat . The rise of global air travel has raised the ability of disease to spread more rapidly than ever before . Severe acute respiratory syndrome , better known as SARS , was the first severe transmissible disease to hit the globalized world when it hit in 2003 . But outbreaks like SARS , which saw the application of control measures like quarantine , travel restrictions and fever checks at airports , have helped the health community better prepare for emergencies . Sources : World Book Online , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services	WHO raises pandemic alert level to four ; level 6 represents global pandemic Three pandemics have occurred since 1900 Spanish flu was the worst pandemic of the 20th century
Kuwait  CNN  -- A former military bunker in the desert is one of the last places you might expect to find nature bloom . But above a maze of abandoned foxholes to the north of Kuwait 's capital lies a landscape that shimmers green and purple with vegetation , attracting foxes , migratory birds and other wildlife . The Sabah Al-Ahmad nature reserve occupies land that once served as an important base for Saddam Hussein 's army during its invasion of Kuwait from 1990-1 . Iraq 's annexation of its southern neighbor , which began in August 1990 and lasted until the liberation the following February , had a devastating impact not only on Kuwait 's people , but its ecology , said Dr Samira Omar Asem of the Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research . One of Kuwait 's leading environmental scientists , with three decades experience in resource conservation , Asem has played a major role in restoring Kuwait 's war-ravaged ecosystems as head of the United Nations Compensation Commission 's environmental remediation program . The body was established in 1991 to process claims and pay compensation damages suffered as a result of the occupation of Kuwait , and processed its final claim in 2005 . The war , said Asem , resulted in "  a lot of aggression against the environment " -- most infamously , the destruction of Kuwait 's oil fields as part of Hussein 's "  scorched earth " policy on retreat . More than 700 wells were destroyed , choking the skies with black smoke in an inferno that raged for eight months before firefighters eventually extinguished the blaze . But substantial damage was inflicted during the occupation as well . As the Iraqi army swept through the country , it built an elaborate system of fortifications , destroying the fragile desert ecosystem . About 24,000 fortifications were built in the area of the reserve alone , she said . "  I saw these bunkers immediately after liberation , " she said . "  They had services established under the ground . So you can imagine ... a natural reserve is being converted into a headquarters for military activities . The whole reserve was full of ammunition . " The abandoned , unexploded ordnance , combined with oil from leaks or deliberately flooded trenches , has left a hazardous environment for rehabilitation workers to operate in . "  All this heavy machinery and vehicles caused a lot of soil compaction , changed the landscape , and allowed more sand to move and caused a lot of erosion , " she said . At the Sabah Al-Ahmad nature reserve , environmental remediation has involved planting trees and building ponds to bring back wildlife , resulting in a flourishing desert ecosystem . "  This is a major achievement for the government of Kuwait , to preserve the natural history for the new generations and the existing generations , " she said . "  It is our contribution for the international community to say that we are serious about protecting our environment . " But the reserve is only a first step . More than one billion barrels were burned and spilled in the oil field destruction at the end of the war , and the country still bears the scars of that legacy . Outside the reserve , the deserts remain affected , with large lakes of oil -- caused by leaked crude oil mixing with the billions of gallons of seawater used to extinguish the flames -- contaminating the sands across about 100 square kilometers of desert . The clean-up effort , says Asem , still has a long way to go . Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Reporter : Zain Verjee : @zainverjeecnn , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN , writer Tim Hume : @tim_hume and digital producer Mairi Mackay @mairicnn .	Kuwait was ecologically devastated during its annexation by Iraq in 1990-1 Environmental scientists have been working to rehabilitate the environment Iraqi troops dug extensive military fortifications in the desert , upsetting the ecosystem On retreat , they destroyed 700 oil wells in a "  scorched earth " policy
Irbil , Iraq  CNN  New U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Saturday that success is more important than timing in any attempt to retake Iraq 's second most populous city , Mosul , from ISIS militants . Carter spoke on his way to Afghanistan , where he is meeting Afghan leaders and U.S. troops in his first week in the post , having taken over from Chuck Hagel . Any operation to take Mosul will be "  Iraqi-led and U.S.-supported , " he said . "  It 's important that it be launched at a time when it can succeed and so I think the important thing is that it get done when it can be done successfully . Even if I knew exactly when that was going to be , I would n't tell you , " he said . "  Of course , I 'm open . I 'm always open to advice from our military commanders about what the best way to achieve success is . "  And that is a question that will come down the road but I think what 's important is that the campaign to retake Mosul succeed and we 're committed to that success and not to a particular timetable . " Months after most Iraqi troops dropped their weapons and ran for their lives in Mosul , up to 25,000 are expected to head back there in April or May to try to retake the city , according to a U.S. official . And Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi told the BBC this week that while there 's still work to do , he is sure the Iraqis are going to retake the crucial northern city . "  We are now planning an offensive on Mosul in the coming few months , " the Prime Minister said . "  We have to prepare for it carefully because the only choice we have in Mosul  is to win  . We have to win in Mosul to keep  ISIS  out . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , speaking in London , said the international community was increasingly determined to act together against ISIS and that progress would continue to be made . "  We have the tools , we have the political will , we have the determination and we are making gains in Iraq . Territory is increasingly beginning to come back into the hands of the Iraqi government . The Iraqi military is now beginning to stand up with greater capacity , " he said . Despite Kerry 's vote of confidence , some doubt whether victory in Mosul is possible . Mosul has been a symbol of Iraqi military incompetence , given how troops and police ran from their posts as ISIS militants arrived in June . Since then , there has been the start of airstrikes by the United States and international allies against ISIS . The Iraqi military has also had fresh training , some of it conducted by U.S. and allied forces , to make it more effective . It has had some success in curbing the ISIS onslaught , but not in taking back a lot of territory -- much less that as valued as Mosul . New footage released by ISIS on Friday gave another insight into the challenge facing the Iraqi army and its allies . The video , apparently of an attack early this month on an Iraqi military outpost near Samarra , 100 miles north of Baghdad , showed dozens of seized American-made M16 assault rifles and piles of AK-47s , as well as armored personnel carriers and a Humvee . All these are now in the hands of ISIS militants who appear to have overrun the outpost , some 60 miles northwest of Baghdad . The video also showed several dead Iraqi soldiers , with one of the bodies burning . U.S. Central Command  CENTCOM  said it had no confirmation of when and where the vehicles were seized or where the video was actually shot . Although this latest incident was only small , ISIS forces have steadily acquired large quantities of U.S. weaponry as a result of seizing Iraqi army equipment provided by the United States , particularly in Mosul . Up until now , one of the biggest and most successful forces has been the Kurdish Peshmerga that serve Iraq 's semiautonomous Kurdish government , often at odds with Baghdad . On Saturday , Kurdish fighters repelled a massive offensive by ISIS in the town of Gwer and gained full control of the area , the Kurdistan Democratic Party  KDP  Foreign Relations Office told CNN . At least 34 ISIS militants were killed during the fighting . These Kurdish fighters will have a role , including around Mosul . In his BBC interview , al-Abadi said that liaisons between Iraqi forces and the Peshmerga "  must be powerful and must be watertight " to defeat ISIS . According to the CENTCOM official , who spoke to reporters Thursday , Mosul police and tribal forces would likely join Iraqi troops in the assault on the city . Peshmerga would play a supporting role , not going into Mosul but instead blocking off supply and escape routes north and west of the city . The hope is for an operation in April or May to avoid running into Ramadan  mid-June through mid-July  and Iraq 's summer heat , the CENTCOM official said . A final decision has not yet been made , though . Count Sirwan Barzani , a senior Peshmerga commander , is among the skeptics that such a spring assault would work . "  I do n't think it 's realistic , and I do n't have any idea about a plan , " Barzani told CNN 's Ben Wedeman . "  And if it involves the Iraqi army only , it 's not going to work . The Iraqi army is not ready for the fight . " Retired Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks told CNN he believed it had been a mistake to reveal the potential timing of the Mosul operation and that it could put U.S. forces at risk . "  This is a terribly unfortunate lack of professionalism , in almost a relaxed approach towards a challenge that we have been trying to get our arms around for almost a year , " he said . If the Iraqi forces -- from five army brigades -- do the street-to-street fighting , theoretically they should significantly outnumber their ISIS counterparts . Right now , ISIS has an estimated 1,000 to 2,000 fighters in Mosul , the U.S. official said , but more could join the fight if they take the threat of attack seriously . However , an additional challenge for the Shia-dominated Iraqi military and Peshmerga is that they will be trying to take a majority Arab Sunni population city . Even if the offensive succeeds , sectarian divisions could exacerbate an already complicated situation and make it hard for the Iraqi military to hold on to the city . The approximate time of the attack had previously been reported : A CENTCOM official told CNN earlier this year that Iraqi forces could make their first move in April . CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Irbil and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Barbara Starr and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says Iraqi military is making gains against ISIS Defense Secretary Ash Carter says what matters in Mosul is success , not a timetable Video released by ISIS shows U.S.-made weaponry seized from Iraqi military outpost
CNN  -- Bringing together an army of creative writers , photographers and illustrators from all around Africa and beyond , Cameroonian journalist Ntone Edjabe has set up an exciting media platform that mixes culture and politics to present an unconventional portrayal of the continent . Dubbed Chimurenga , which means "  revolutionary struggle " in Zimbabwe 's Shona language , Edjabe 's creation is an award-winning , pan African literary magazine that addresses and embraces the continent 's diversity , with a focus on "  the complexity of life . " "  Discourse on Africa is geared towards simplicity , " explains Edjabe . "  Everything must be simple , ` he 's a poor black man , he 's a victim , ' like there has to be a simple story , in a way this is what signifies Africa and global consciousness , " he adds . "  The moment you bring a degree of complexity to it , it kind of throws people off , they just do n't know where to look anymore , it 's like , ` what 's going on ? ' So Chimurenga in a way does not try to maintain the superficiality of this narrative -- we engage with life , we try to present life as complex as it really is . " The pages of the literary magazine , which has more than 100 contributors , offer its readers a variety of thoughtful content , ranging from in-depth investigation stories and analyses to poetry and photographic essays . The journal is available online , while hard copies are distributed throughout Africa , Europe , the United States and India . Read more : Bringing joy to refugees with dance Chimurenga , which was first published in 2002 , is produced roughly once a year , only when there are available funds to do so . The only constants are its provocative content , its creative packaging and , to many , its refreshing reflection of all things African . It was recently described by a writer in the UK 's Financial Times as "  better than The New Yorker . " "  There 's a feeling about writing something , sharing something that is beautiful and truthful from one 's perspective , of course , and important , urgent almost that we demand from the contributors , " says Edjabe . "  We ask them to put themselves on the line , so to speak , as if it really matters -- not for the check that may arrive or may not , but because he matters and because he cares about what he 's writing , whether it 's music , boxing , theory , analysis , does matter , to them at least . " Chimurenga recently received a much needed cash injection after winning the prestigious Prince Claus Award , given annually to individuals , groups and organizations for their outstanding achievements in the field of culture and development . The judges praised it for challenging established ideas and stimulating pan-African culture with intellect , freedom and diversity . For a publication whose survival is wholly dependent on funding , the 100,000 euro prize money was a welcome bonus . "  I take that of course with great honor , " says Edjabe . "  I also take the check that comes with it because it 's very useful to be able to plan a little bit ahead . But ... we 're trying to develop our own measuring stick for excellence -- at the moment this kind of validation , and we appreciate it and we take it , we 're part of a world , but it 's very important that we develop our own measure for excellence . " Read more : Spreading African spirit through song Born in Douala , Cameroon , Edjabe moved to Lagos , Nigeria to study before arriving in South Africa on the eve of democracy in 1993 . Three years later he established in Cape Town the Pan African Market , a cultural center for African immigrants . More recently , Edjabe , who is also a DJ , created the Pan African Space Station , a music platform that brings together diverse African genres both online and in venues across the continent . Its radio station PASS streams music , shows and interviews live around the clock . Edjabe believes firmly that music can not be divorced from politics . "  At some point music was a vehicle recognized by people for ideas , for subversive ideas , for revolutionary ideas , it was n't just produced for entertainment , it had a very important role in the struggle , " he says . "  In this country , that 's very well known , how not just music , but creativity as a whole , arts as a whole , was used as a tool for liberation . " South Africa 's struggle and transition from apartheid to democracy are often a central theme in Edjabe 's Chimurenga . The magazine also takes a critical look at the country 's relationship with the rest of continent . Its latest edition is fashioned as a back-dated newspaper -- a mock-up of a May 2008 broadsheet , addressing that month 's unforgettable events in South Africa . Read more : S. Africa 's dean teaches reconciliation A series of attacks on migrants from other parts of the continent , left 62 people dead as South Africans turned on their fellow Africans creating an explosion of xenophobic violence . As an African who 's lived away from home for decades now , this is a topic close to Edjabe 's heart . He says it was important to re-tell the story to fill the historical gaps while re-examining the context and complexity of xenophobic violence . "  I think that the raw emotion that brings about this kind of violence to turn against your neighbor is more than what 's written on a piece of paper and I feel that that sentiment , what ever it is and whatever brings it about , I think it is still there , " says Edjabe .	Cameroonian Ntone Edjabe is the founder of the pan-African magazine Chimurenga He 's received international recognition for his unconventional portrayal of Africa The S.Africa-based award-winning journal has more than 100 contributors Its latest edition re-tells 2008 's xenophobic attacks in South Africa
CNN  -- The Richard Nixon I knew had almost nothing to do with the Richard Nixon as portrayed in most media . The Richard Nixon I knew was a man who had served his country honorably as Dwight Eisenhower 's vice president at the height of the Cold War , when Eisenhower kept us at peace for eight years -- with Nixon 's help -- only to have the 1960 election stolen away from him by handsome , rich John F. Kennedy 's fraud at the polls in Chicago . Nixon had endured eight years of seeing the country disintegrate into chaos in the streets and an endless , hopeless war in Vietnam under a genuinely great but very misled president , Lyndon Johnson . When Nixon won in 1968 , he embarked on a presidency in which he never once had control of both houses of Congress . He faced an endless bitter assault from the media and from the so-called intellectuals -- the "  pointy-headed " intellectuals , as George Wallace aptly called them Nevertheless , he ended the war in Vietnam , brought home the POWs and calmed the wild streets . More than that , he saved Israel when it was threatened with annihilation by its neighbors , sending a massive airlift of arms to Israel during the Yom Kippur War . Nixon gave unequivocal support to Israel : Johnson could not have cared less about its fate . Nixon opened relations with Red China that greatly sobered up Russia and allowed the U.S. to become the world 's dominant power and peacekeeper for a generation . This was the key event in ending the Cold War . By "  encircling " the USSR and signaling that if Leonid Brezhnev began a war against either the United States or China , he would face a dreaded two-front war , he showed Russia that its hopes of global domination were not going to work . To soothe matters with the still extremely dangerous Russian bear , he even signed a strategic arms limitation treaty with the Soviets . His goal , as he often explained to me and others on his staff , was to create "  a generation of peace . " He did it . He gave us the longest sustained period of peace since World War II . When the Russians were kicked out of Afghanistan -- just as we are about to be -- the encircled Russian domination machine simply ran out of gas . Will it revive ? No . But it is a menace anyway . Nixon was tortured , abused , beat up by the Beautiful People , but through it all , above all , he was a peacemaker , a trait he inherited from his Quaker mother . If we no longer have to fear Russian ICBMs screaming out of hell to start nuclear war , we can thank the shade of Richard Nixon . He was startlingly progressive in domestic affairs as well . He created the Environmental Protection Agency . He sent up to Congress the first proposal for universal health care . I know . I wrote the message sending it to Congress -- where Teddy Kennedy promptly killed it . He proposed a national energy policy far greener than anyone had ever imagined a conservative would go . Again , Congress killed it . In his personal relations with me and with my father , who was his chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers , and with my mother , his most devout fan and a friend and admirer of Pat Ryan Nixon as well , he was the soul of kindness , concern and politesse . He brought up two of the most wonderful women on the planet , Julie and Tricia . He was a wit and a trustworthy confidant . Why did the media hate him so much ? I have always thought it was because he was vulnerable and showed it when attacked . He did not have the tough hide of a Reagan or an Obama . Like the schoolyard bullies they are , the media went after him for his vulnerability . But let 's look at him with fresh eyes . Unlike LBJ , he did not get us into a large , unnecessary war on false pretenses . Unlike JFK , he did not bring call girls and courtesans into the White House or try to kill foreign leaders . Unlike FDR , he did not lead us into a war for which we were unprepared . He helped with a coverup of a mysterious burglary that no one understands to this day . That was his grievous sin , and grievously did he answer for it . But to me , Richard Nixon will always be visionary , friend and peacemaker . And I will never turn my back on a peacemaker .	The Richard Nixon whom Ben Stein knew was n't anything like the way media portrayed him Stein : Nixon was under constant media assault , never had control of both houses of Congress Stein : He ended Vietnam War , brought home POWs , saved Israel and made peace Stein : In key event to ending Cold War , Nixon opened ties with China , subduing Russia
CNN  -- It was vintage Andy Kaufman : New rumors that he might be alive . This time , his younger brother gave it credence . Never mind that Michael Kaufman said he was with his brother when he died in 1984 . Three decades later , he was now reading from a mysterious letter purportedly written by Andy in 1999 and standing onstage with a woman who presented herself as the comedian 's 24-year-old daughter . The announcement just happened to be made at a New York comedy club during the annual Andy Kaufman Awards show . We lapped it up . Because we sooooo wanted to believe it was true : The comedic genius would finally make his grand return . An aging Tony Clifton . A triumphant Latka Gravas . A limping Inter-Gender Wrestling Champion of the World . Anything to keep the hope alive . Then , Michael Kaufman hit us with the next line : He believes he 's the victim of a hoax . Kaufman has already been immortalized in the R.E.M. song "  Man on the Moon " and in the Jim Carrey movie by the same name . His wrestling antics with Jerry "  The King " Lawler are forever etched into American lore from Kaufman 's infamous expletive-laced tirade on "  Late Night with David Letterman . " This week 's news got us wondering why Kaufman still fascinates . Here are five reasons , in a reverse-order fashion he would appreciate : 5 . The Ultimate Internet Troll Kaufman was Sacha Baron Cohen 's Borat two decades before "  Borat " hit the big screen . He was "  Jackass " and "  Punk 'd " rolled into one . Kaufman was the Internet troll before the Internet was created . "  He was like that annoying house fly who wo n't leave you alone , " says Bob Thompson , a professor of pop culture at Syracuse University . "  He was the opposite of a super villain . It 's not like he could freeze the world or burn the world up . He could just irritate the daylights out of the world . " 4 . The Big Rematch Let 's face it : How much fun would it be to see Kaufman step into the ring with Lawler one more time ? The Great Ruse : The comedic genius who rocked wrestling Maybe an Aging-Loser-Leave-Town match . Even Lawler pines for that moment . As the rumors swirled this week of Kaufman being alive , Lawler challenged Kaufman to hop back into the ring . "  We would have to have a rematch , " Lawler told CNN . "  We could rekindle the feud with no problem . " 3 . Milk and Cookies He once took an entire audience out for milk and cookies after a show . Enough said . 2 . Love Him , Hate Him If you 're 40 or older , you likely have some memory of Kaufman . On the sitcom "  Taxi . " On "  Saturday Night Live . " From Letterman . From comedy clubs . From wrestling . For that generation , Americans will always remember Kaufman -- as a comedic genius , as a befuddling buffoon , as a bulging-eyed maniac . "  What Andy Kaufman was doing was so new and so groundbreaking , " says Syracuse 's Thompson . "  The idea that you would derive humor out of stupidity and absolute nothingness , I think , was really fascinating . " "  He was doing a critique of the out-of-control American celebrity back when most people did n't even realize it was out of control . " 1 . The Longest Joke Ever Kaufman always talked about faking his death -- and doing so would be keeping within character , playing a joke long past the point of annoyance . The nation loves practical jokes , and clinging to the possibility that Kaufman is still alive lets us feel like we 're still playing along . "  Andy Kaufman was often about doing an awful lot of stuff and enduring an awful lot of hatred and scorn before the punch line ever arrived , if it ever did , " Thompson says . Think about it : The setup comes in 1984 and the punch line gets delivered nearly 30 years later . "  You so want it to be true because it would be one of the greatest things to ever happen in the history of comedy , " he says . "  It would be the longest joke ever told . "	Internet buzzed this week after reports that Andy Kaufman might be alive Kaufman 's brother ultimately said he felt he was victim of hoax People want to believe because "  it would be the longest joke ever told "
Belfast  CNN  -- Northern Ireland 's leaders condemned Saturday the detonation of a small bomb in central Belfast that police said could have killed or injured people . The device , left in a holdall bag , exploded at about 7 p.m. local time Friday in Belfast 's busy Cathedral Quarter , near St. Anne 's Cathedral , police said . No one was hurt . First Minister Peter Robinson described the attack as "  despicable , " while Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness said it showed a "  complete disregard for life . " IRA dissidents are widely suspected of being behind the attack . A warning was telephoned through to a Belfast newspaper , but the wrong location was given for the device , police said . It was left on a sidewalk by a busy restaurant and the explosion occurred as police were still clearing buildings in the area , which included a hotel , a bar and an arts center . Chief Superintendent Alan McCrum said anyone nearby when the device went off could have been killed or maimed . "  This was an attack on the people of Belfast going about their normal lives on a busy night for socializing in the city , " he said . "  Those who carried out this attack have nothing to offer except disruption and destruction . " McCrum appealed for the public to be vigilant in the run-up to Christmas against the threat of further attacks . More than 1,000 people were affected by the bomb threat and subsequent evacuation efforts , police said . Police are also investigating reports of fire damage to an office of the Alliance Party . The party last year backed a controversial decision by the Belfast city council to stop flying the Union flag every day , angering loyalists . ` Mindless minority ' In their statement condemning Friday 's explosion , Robinson and McGuinness urged anyone with information to contact the police . "  Once again we are witnessing the work of a mindless minority who are intent on taking the heart out of the city and wreaking havoc on the lives and businesses of the people of Belfast and Northern Ireland , " said Robinson . "  Their cause will not be progressed in any way by acts such as this . " Northern Ireland 's Justice Minister David Ford also condemned those behind the explosion . "  Yet again we see a reckless attempt to kill and injure innocent people in Belfast , " he said . "  The people carrying out these attacks have set out no reason and explained no cause for their acts of senseless violence . Their only aim seems to be to injure and disrupt . " Gerry Kelly , a Sinn Fein member of the Northern Ireland Assembly , also condemned what he called an "  indiscriminate " attack on the people of Belfast . "  Those that voice support for these groups ,  whose  only allegiance is to violence , need to come forward and explain to the people what they aim to achieve by this reckless action , " he said . "  They are visionless and opponents of change who will not stop the people of Belfast and beyond from moving forward to a more equal and peaceful society . " Belfast is home to the elected Northern Ireland Assembly , which was established by the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 . The agreement largely ended three decades of violence between mainly Protestant loyalists , who want Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , and largely Roman Catholic nationalists , who want it to be reunited with the rest of Ireland -- though distrust between the sides remains . Journalist Peter Taggart reported from Belfast and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	NEW : First Minister Peter Robinson condemns Belfast bomb blast as "  despicable " A warning was telephoned to a newspaper but the wrong location was given , police said Police say the small bomb , left in central Belfast , could have killed or injured passersby Sinn Fein lawmaker condemns "  reckless " act by people whose "  only allegiance is to violence "
SAN FRANCISCO , California  Reuters  -- Sony has cut the price of the PlayStation 3 by $ 100 , or 17 percent , in the United States , a move that should boost the video game console 's lackluster sales . Starting Monday , the current PS3 60 gigabyte model will cost $ 499 -- a $ 100 price drop . The PlayStation 3 , which includes a 60-gigabyte hard drive and a Blu-ray high-definition DVD player , will now cost $ 500 , or $ 20 more than the most expensive version of Microsoft 's Xbox 360 . The PS3 still costs twice that of Nintendo 's Wii console , whose $ 250 price and motion-sensing controller have made it a best-seller despite its lack of cutting-edge graphics and hard disk . "  Our initial expectation is that sales should double at a minimum , " Jack Tretton , chief executive of Sony Computer Entertainment America , said in an interview . "  We 've gotten our production issues behind us on the PlayStation 3 , reaching a position to pass on the savings to consumers , and our attitude is the sooner the better . " The price drop Monday was widely anticipated by industry analysts despite Sony President Ryoji Chubachi telling Reuters last week that the company had no immediate plans for one . Wedbush Morgan analyst Michael Pachter said Sony 's price reduction would not double sales but may boost them by 50 percent to about 120,000 units a month . "  The greater significance is that Sony is signaling to the market that we 're coming down the cost curve pretty fast in making this thing . It 's a pretty consumer-friendly move , " Pachter said . Sony 's move comes two days before the start of the video game industry 's annual E3 trade show in Santa Monica , California , where some expect Microsoft to respond with its first price cuts on the Xbox 360 . Nintendo , whose Wii is selling so well that it is still hard to find in stores eight months after its launch , is not expected to budge on pricing . The Xbox 360 and Wii have outsold the PS3 by several times in the crucial U.S. market , leaving Sony , whose PlayStation 2 dominated the last console generation , in the unfamiliar position of playing catch up . Sony is counting on the price cut to help it significantly grow sales of the PS3 ahead of the crucial holiday shopping season that accounts for most of the annual sales of highly profitable gaming software . Sony is also introducing a new version of the PS3 featuring an 80-gigabyte hard drive and a copy of "  Motorstorm , " an off-road racing game that has already sold a million copies . The new model will sell for $ 600 and is aimed at gamers who expect to download a lot of games and other content from Sony 's burgeoning online network . Sony also hopes the PS3 will win some converts following Microsoft 's admission last week that the failure rate of its Xbox 360 console had been unacceptably high , forcing it to book $ 1 billion in repair costs . "  We 're especially proud of the fact that the PlayStation 3 has the lowest failure rate of any PlayStation product . It 's absolutely the gold standard , " Tretton said . "  The quality of the product and long-term viability is what ultimately wins . " E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Sony drops price of current 60GB PlayStation 3 console by $ 100 in U.S. PS3 still costs twice that of Nintendo 's best-selling Wii console , which is $ 250 Some expect Microsoft to respond with its first price cuts on the Xbox 360 Sony to revise PS3 console with bigger 80GB hard drive
Vicksburg , Mississippi  CNN  -- The overflowing Mississippi River dealt anguish to its namesake state Thursday , reaching a historic height at Vicksburg , sending backwater up the Yazoo River , which has swallowed a home owned by the governor , and claiming the life of a 69-year-old man . As the flood 's trail of destruction worked its way south , Vicksburg saw the river crest at the expected peak of 57.1 feet early Thursday , hours ahead of the original forecast . The National Weather Service predicts the crest will hold through at least Saturday morning . "  Residents who live along the river need to keep an eye out and be vigilant , " said Marty Pope , a senior hydrologist with the weather service 's Jackson , Mississippi , office . "  We 're not going to fall to the kind of levels we got to during the large 2008 flood until early June , and wo n't fall below flood stage until mid-to-late June . " Warren County Sheriff Martin Pace said the county , which includes Vicksburg , has "  several hundred homes that have water . " About 2,000 residents have been displaced , including nearly 1,000 who were evacuated from Eagle Lake 10 days ago . So far , a critical levee near the lake is holding . Many Warren County residents are accustomed to flooding and know what to do , but none have experienced it at this magnitude , Pace added Thursday . Also of concern is a traffic "  nightmare " on the principal north-south highway , said Pace . "  We 've never seen water that has closed U.S. 61 , " he said . Vicksburg motorists can not take U.S. 61 to reach Redwood to the north or Port Gibson to the south because of flooded roadway . Instead , commuters are using two-lane roads that were n't designed for the volume , the sheriff told CNN . The river began cresting ahead of schedule Wednesday night , probably because an old levee system in Greenville , Mississippi , was breached last Friday and spread the flood 's flow , Pope said . The Mississippi is more than 14 feet above flood stage at Vicksburg and more than a foot over the record set in the city in 1927 . Water levels in Natchez , a city about 70 miles south , are already nearly 4 feet beyond the record , with the river at 61.9 feet Thursday night -- and the crest is n't expected to arrive until Saturday . A Vicksburg resident , Walter Cook , died after being pulled from floodwater in Warren County , Mississippi , the county coroner said Thursday . It is the first reported death linked to the flooding in the state . Emergency workers with the fire department pulled him from the water at 9:35 a.m. Tuesday and took him to River Regional Medical Center , where Cook was put on life support , Coroner Doug Huskey said . He died early Thursday . Officials do not know how Cook ended up in the floodwater , the coroner said . The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers was keeping a watchful eye on the Yazoo Backwater Levee , which residents near Vicksburg were counting on for protection . It is designed to keep water from backing into parts of the Yazoo River delta . The backwater levee was being "  armored " by a heavy plastic coating to prevent it from washing out , said Charlie Tindall , attorney for the Board of Mississippi Levee Commissioners . But the Yazoo River backwaters were already claiming territory and property . Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour was among residents who watched rising waters swallow their houses and lands Wednesday . Barbour 's spokeswoman confirmed that a house owned by the governor in his native Yazoo County was flooded . The house is on a lake in central Mississippi near the backwater-flooded Yazoo River . A slide was detected on the mainline Mississippi levee at Albemarle Lake , the Corps of Engineers said Thursday . A slide occurs when the integrity of a levee is undermined because dirt and sand are being eroded , said Corps spokeswoman Eileen Williamson . The slide was detected Wednesday and work began immediately to repair it . "  It will take about a full week to repair , " she said . Farther south , where the Mississippi River has not yet crested , residents were working to clear out their homes and find ways to get by . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has asked for federal assistance in grappling with flooding resulting from the Morganza Spillway , where 17 bays have been opened in hopes of sparing New Orleans further downstream . "  As water from the Morganza Spillway is released into the Atchafalaya Basin , the impact to our rural communities and the industries upon which they rely will be dramatic and long-lasting , " Jindal wrote the U.S. Department of Interior , his office announced Thursday . "  I am requesting your immediate consideration of available assistance and recovery programs for our recreational and commercial fishing , hunting , and eco-tourism industries . " Mandatory evacuations will be in effect Saturday -- beginning at midnight Friday -- in Butte LaRose , Happy Town and the Sherburne Wildlife Management Area , the St. Martin Parish Sheriff 's Office said . By 8 a.m. Saturday , "  the area will be secured and no one will be allowed to enter , " the parish said in a news release . Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate praised the efforts under way along the Mississippi . "  Fortunately , the system is working as designed between the Army Corps of Engineers and the design structures and where they are having to open the spillways , they 've been able to take pressure off the mainline levee , " he said at an event in Maryland . Officials said spillway gates are likely to be open for weeks , and it will be weeks before the river falls below flood stage , allowing those who have evacuated to return . The flood is the most significant to hit the lower Mississippi River valley since at least 1937 . It has affected nine states so far : Missouri , Illinois , Kentucky , Tennessee , Ohio , Indiana , Arkansas , Louisiana and Mississippi . Although recovery is a while off for areas that have already seen the worst of the floods , Tunica , Mississippi -- about 180 miles north of Vicksburg -- saw another step forward Thursday , with the return of a key economic driver for the region . The Tunica Roadhouse Casino reopened 4 p.m. Thursday , the second to return to business in two days with signs reading , "  We 're back y' all . " Casino officials said the reopening celebration included a $ 50,000 donation to the American Red Cross . "  I did n't know if this day would come or not , " said R. Scott Barber , the president for the mid-South region for the Caesars Entertainment group . "  It 's hard to believe that , just a few short days ago , we had about 4 and a half feet of water in these parking lots . " CNN 's Phil Gast and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Tunica casino reopens , days after over parking lot was under 4 feet of water Flooding causes commute "  nightmare " on U.S. highway Louisiana 's Jindal requests federal assistance for Morganza flooding A 69-year-old Vicksburg resident dies from drowning
CNN  -- Doctors say the discovery of a 4-year-old carrier of the H7N9 bird flu virus who shows no symptoms of the potentially lethal virus is a worrying development that could make the spread of the infection more difficult to monitor . The Beijing Municipal Health Bureau said the boy was detected from a group of close contacts of the first infection in Beijing and the laboratory results showed the boy was an asymptomatic carrier of the disease . The boy emerged after authorities screened 24 poultry owners in Naidong Village , Cuigezhuang County in Chaoyang District , taking throat swabs of those in contact with the group . The report said the boy 's parents were engaged in poultry and fish trading . According to Dr. Leo Poon Lit-man , associate professor , School of Public Health at the University of Hong Kong , while there is no evidence that the virus can be transmitted from human to human , medical authorities need to be on the alert . "  It really depends on whether this H7N9 virus is transmissible between humans ... that key question needs to be answered , " Dr. Poon told CNN . "  So far , we do not know the full spectrum of the clinical presentations of these H7N9 patients . "  In the beginning , we were only able to detect it because there were some severe cases and some people actually died . They are trying enhance the surveillance so that 's we can detect those cases where there is only a mild infection . " H7N9 is normally found in birds . Until last month , it was never known to infect people . China has invited a team of international experts to assess the spread of the H7N9 bird flu virus in the country , the World Health Organization said Tuesday . A team composed of Chinese experts on epidemiology , laboratory tests and clinical treatment , as well as experts and officials from the U.S , the European Union and the WHO , "  will assess the outbreak and the response to guide further the prevention and control measures , " Glenn Thomas , spokesman for the World Health Organization told reporters in Geneva . Poon said evidence of human-to-human transmission would put the H7N9 problem into a different category . "  If it can  transmit human to human  , then it 's a very different scenario -- we would not be able to detect asymptomatic carriers and that would be a huge problem , " he said . The discovery of the carrier has meant Beijing has notched up a gear in its monitoring efforts , extending its action from a passive ` syndrome surveillance ' to a more active ` pathogen monitoring ' . This involves actively seeking out and targeting populations at risk from the disease . Health officials in China say there have been 77 confirmed cases of H7N9 and 16 confirmed deaths . Several cities in eastern China have suspended trading in live poultry in an effort to contain the problem .	NEW : There have been 77 confirmed cases and 16 confirmed deaths Boy was detected from a target group of poultry vendors in Chaoyang District Authorities say there is no evidence so far of human-to-human transmission Beijing has begun monitoring susceptible groups more intensely
CNN  -- Austria 's Marcel Hirscher secured the World Cup slalom title on Sunday and maintained his lead in the overall standings in testing conditions at the Kranjska Gora run in Slovenia . The event was claimed by Ivica Kostelic , of Croatia with an aggregate time of one minute , 45.81 seconds but the big winner was Hirscher , who came 0.19 seconds behind the Croatian to finish top of the slalom standings by a distance from Germany 's Felix Neureuther . Hirscher 's lead at the top of the overall standings is 149 points from Norway 's Aksel Lund Svindal and with four events to come at the World Cup finals in Switzerland he is well placed to defend the title he won in 2012 . Ther 24-year-old knew the slalom crown was his after his nearest rival in the discipline , Germany 's Felix Neureuther clipped a gate in his opening run . "  I always go 100 % percent but today there was one difference between my runs -- I made a mistake in the first one and skied as I know in the second one , " Hirscher told the official FIS website . "  That 's the way I want to ski and it 's good to be on the podium again . A big step is done and by scoring 160 points I feel the weekend was really good . " Rain lashed down during most of the afternoon but Hirscher was more than happy the race went ahead . "  If the race would have been canceled today that would have been horrible for me , " he added . "  It was for sure on the edge of fairness but I think it was fair enough and in the end the best skiers in the world are still among the top ten . It 's not ideal but we obviously can ski even when it 's raining . " There was an extra landmark for Hirscher to celebrate . He became the first man to secure eight consecutive slalom podiums since Italian legend Alberta Tomba in the 1991-92 season . It was an emotional afternoon for Kostelic , who won in Slovenia for the first time in a little over ten years . He was in third going into the second run but received a slice of fortune when Frenchman Alexis Pinturault did not finish his second attempt . Kostelic said : "  It 's a wonderful feeling as it 's not easy to stay at a high level in any sport nowadays and Slalom is a particularly tough discipline where competition is really dense . "  This victory is a huge relief and it is very important for me . I saw there was a chance I could win here today but I was also aware that Pinturault had to do a big mistake . I was really pushing for a victory today , it was really my main focus . " The women 's slalom event in Ofterschwang , Germany was won by Slovenia 's Tina Maze , who has already secured the overall World Cup title and remains on course to win five crystal globes in a season . The 29-year-old posted a time of one minute , 52.85 seconds to beat Wendy Holdener of Switzerland by 0.25 seconds . Her victory took her in front in the discipline standings , replacing American teenager Mikaela Shiffrin at the summit . The 17-year-old came third . Maze now leads Shriffin by seven points in the slalom standings with one race left next Saturday . Maze 's 22nd World Cup podium pulled her level with Austrian legend Hermann Maier , having already broken her points record in a season . Maze is now on an overall tally of 2,254 after this , her tenth triumph of the season . "  It 's so easy to make a mistake in slalom and its so important to stay calm , that 's the reason why I do n't think too much about these records " , she told FIS Alpine website . "  Slalom is the most difficult of the five disciplines in my opinion and if you race in all of them , you do n't get much time to train . I trained hard all this week to make sure I could compete with Mikaela and the other specialists . " Maze has already secured the overall and giant slalom titles and now leads in the slalom and the super-G disciplines . She is also still in with a chance of clinching the downhill title at next week 's World Cup finals .	Austria 's Marcel Hirscher secures his maiden overall World Cup slalom crown Hirscher , the overall World Cup title holder , finishes ahead of Germany 's Felix Neureuther Event is won by Croatia 's Ivica Kostelic with aggregate time of 1 min , 45.81 secs Hirscher 's lead in the overall World Cup race is 149 points with four races remaining
CNN  -- A Montana woman pleaded not guilty to murder and other charges Friday , three months after she allegedly pushed her newlywed husband off a cliff as they hiked through a national park . Jordan Linn Graham was arraigned Friday in a U.S. District Court in Missoula , Montana , about 130 miles south of where her newlywed husband Cody Johnson fell to his death on July 7 . A federal grand jury on Thursday charged Graham with first - and second-degree murder and making false statements . On Friday , she was read those charges but waived a reading of the indictment , according to a court document . She subsequently pleaded not guilty on all three counts , was released as she had been before , and her next court appearance was set for October 15 . The entire proceeding took about four minutes . A call placed by CNN to the federal public defender 's office representing Graham was not immediately returned Friday afternoon , though her attorney has previously said the groom 's death was an accident . Johnson and Graham had been married for a little more than a week when Cody Johnson died on a hiking trail in Glacier National Park . An affidavit supporting the charges against Graham states that she told police she decided to travel with Johnson to the hiking trail the evening of July 7 and an argument ensued . "  Graham stated their argument intensified . At one point in time during their arguing , Graham turned and began to walk away . She stated Johnson grabbed her by the arm , " reads the affidavit . Graham said she then turned around and removed his hand . "  Graham stated she could have just walked away , but due to her anger , she pushed Johnson with both hands in the back and as a result , he fell face first off the cliff , " according to the affidavit . Michael Donahoe , Graham 's lawyer , said last month that Johnson pinned his wife down at one point during their argument . The final part of their fight -- ending with Johnson falling off the cliff -- was "  all in one motion , the grabbing and pushing , " according to Donahoe . Johnson 's body was found several days later . The affidavit also states that Graham texted a friend that same night her husband died , saying in the message that she was going to talk to Johnson about having "  second thoughts . " Graham texted , "  Oh well , I am about to talk to him . " Her friend responded , "  I 'll pray for you guys . " Graham then replied , "  Dead serious , if u do n't hear from me at all again tonight , something happened , " according to a court document filed in the case . The case is being handled in federal court because the death occurred inside a national park . CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : Jordan Linn Graham pleads not guilty to murder , making false statements NEW : She remains released , and her next court date is set for later this month The couple had been married for a little over a week when Cody Johnson fell to his death Police : Graham says she pushed Johnson in the back as they argued while hiking
CNN  -- Victoria Azarenka surrendered just three games to Samantha Stosur as she claimed her third title of an impressive year at the Qatar Open . The world No. 1 wrapped up a 6-1 6-2 victory over her Australian opponent , showing no sings of discomfort from the injury that she picked up in Saturday 's semifinal win over Agnieszka Radwanska The Belarusian 's win in Doha was her 17th straight victory this year , a run that has seen her capture the Syndey International crown and a first grand slam title at the Australian Open in January . Azarenka shrugs off injury to reach Qatar final It was her 11th career title and cements Azarenka 's place as the dominant force in women 's tennis in 2012 . Last year in Doha , she lost in the opening round to Daniela Hantuchova -- a defeat that caused her to contemplate quitting the sport . "  I am really proud of the way I played today , " an emotional Azarenka said in an interview courtside . "  I was not 100 per cent after my fall yesterday and I knew I had to adjust my game and everything went according to plan . "  Last year I lost in the first round and watched someone else lift this beautiful trophy . But now I have this for myself . " Azarenka rarely looked in any danger against Stosur , the reigning U.S. Open champion , breaking her opponent three times in the opening set . Stosur continued to make unforced errors in the second set , Azarenka racing into a 3-0 lead . Though the Australian retained two service games , another break sealed the third title of Azarenka 's year .	Victoria Azarenka defeats Samatha Stosur to win the Qatar Open in Doha World No. 1 loses only three games on her way to a third title of 2012 Azarenka wins 6-1 6-2 to take her winning run in 2012 to 17 matches
Paris  CNN  -- French actress Julie Gayet is suing the magazine Closer over an article suggesting she is having an affair with French President Francois Hollande , the magazine said Thursday . The lawsuit demands 50,000 euros for alleged invasion of privacy plus 4,000 euros in legal fees , according to the magazine . The allegations , which emerged last week , sparked a media firestorm of a kind not usually seen in France , where privacy is closely guarded . When asked questions about his personal life at a news conference Tuesday , Hollande said that he and his partner , Valerie Trierweiler , were going through "  painful moments " but added that his personal affairs should be dealt with in private . Hollande has not confirmed or denied the alleged affair but has threatened legal action . A statement from his entourage Friday to news agency Agence France-Presse said Hollande "  deeply condemns the attacks on the right to privacy which he has a right to like every other citizen . " Hollande and Trierweiler are expected next month on a state visit to the United States at the invitation of President Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle . Their itinerary includes a February 11 state dinner at the White House . Hollande said Tuesday he would clarify the situation before the February trip . Trierweiler was hospitalized after Closer published its report Friday . The allegations came at an already difficult time for Hollande , who has seen his popularity slump since his 2012 election . His news conference at the Elysee Palace was intended to highlight his plans for France 's economy , which faltered last year amid stubbornly high unemployment rates . A survey last month by French polling organization Ifop gave Hollande an approval rating of 22 % , a rise of 2 percentage points from the previous month , when he hit a record low . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Julie Gayet suit seeks 50,000 euros for alleged invasion of privacy , magazine says Affair allegations have sparked a media firestorm of a kind not usually seen in France Article came at an already tough time for Hollande , whose popularity has slumped
CNN  -- At a time of heightened tensions in the Middle East , the U.S. Navy has been forced to temporarily abandon the requirement to keep two aircraft carriers in the Persian Gulf because of unusual maintenance problems . The USS Nimitz was expected to deploy to the Persian Gulf early next year , but it will not leave because of extensive repairs on a failed propulsion pump . It may be deployed in spring 2013 . At the same time , the USS Eisenhower is being sent home immediately for repairs to its flight deck . It will remain in Norfolk , Virginia , for two months and then return to the Middle East early next year to complete its deployment . The Navy plans to send the USS Harry S Truman to the region early next year to restore the two-carrier presence . The USS John C. Stennis is already in the area . U.S. considers boosting presence in Mediterranean	Maintenance problems undermine requirement to have two carriers in Persian Gulf Nimitz needs propulsion-pump repairs ; Eisenhower needs flight-deck fixes
CNN  -- "  You are obviously , to me , always going to be The Dude , " Piers Morgan said to Jeff Bridges , referring to the actor 's title role in the 1998 Coen brothers movie , "  The Big Lebowski . " The Oscar-winning actor is a guest on Thursday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Bridges , who took a year off from movies to focus on his music career , will release his self-titled album August 16 . "  You 're The Dude , " continued Morgan . "  To millions of people around the world , Jeff Bridges , you will always be The Dude . I ca n't pretend anything else . " The CNN host proudly stated that he "  ritually " watches "  Lebowski " annually . Bridges said from the moment he read the script , he knew the film was destined to be a classic . "  I read that thing and I , you know , it made me laugh -- all the way through it , " said Bridges . "  John Goodman came out with a great quote about your performance , " said Morgan . "  He said , ` It 's like watching a diamond cutter . When you look at the diamond , you do n't think of the work , you just notice there are no flaws . ' " Bridges , whose Hollywood career has spanned some 40 years and 60 films , openly admitted that he owes his great success to his veteran actor dad , Lloyd Bridges . "  I 'm a product of nepotism , " said Bridges . "  My dad , you know ... the hardest thing about acting as a profession is getting the break . " When Morgan pointed out Bridges ' reputation as "  the nicest guy in show business , " the younger Bridges again credited his father 's guidance . "  You know , I take my lead from my old man , " said Bridges , "  Who loved showbiz so much and , yes , I got to work with him as a kid on ` Sea Hunt . ' You know , whenever there was a role for the little kid , he 'd say , ` Come on , get out of school and come and play with Dad . ' " Bridges , who also worked alongside his father as an adult , told Morgan , "  I saw , when he came on the set , how much fun he was having and how that fun was kind of contagious . " Bridges also admitted that when he won the best actor Oscar for "  Crazy Heart , " all he could think about was his parents . "  I felt my folks , " said Bridges . "  I feel like I 'm an extension of them , really . " Bridges ' parents met in the UCLA drama department . Bridges also recalled working with his brother , Beau , on the 1989 film , "  The Fabulous Baker Boys . " "  What a dream that was , " said Bridges . "  Beau , music and Michelle  Pfeiffer  , my God -- a dream come true ! " Bridges and his wife of 34 years , Susan , have three daughters and recently became grandparents for the first time . The couple originally met on a movie set in Montana . Morgan asked Bridges , who at one point had considered forgoing acting in favor of music , where his musical inspiration came from . "  Well , Beau , my big brother , you know , he 's eight years older than I am , " said Bridges . "  So my early memories are Chuck Berry , Little Richard , Buddy Holly and those guys . I remember he had a white Danelectro guitar that I really coveted and finally stole from him . " When Morgan asked Bridges about the struggle he underwent when deciding between film and music , Bridges said "  the movie thing took off , and it was like I , you know , a path of least resistance kind of thing . And I , like I said , I enjoyed it . " During his Hollywood hiatus , aside from recording the album , Bridges also took the time to focus on his work as a spokesman for the No Kid Hungry Campaign . "  It 's about ending childhood hunger here in America , " said Bridges . "  And we 're doing that by going state by state , working with governors and mayors and heads of food pantries and so forth , finding out what is the -- where 's the bottleneck ? "  Because here in America , we have enough food ; we have programs that we know can end hunger . But it 's the access to those programs that 's really a huge problem . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Jeff Bridges ' acting career has spanned 40 years and 60 films He took a year off from acting to concentrate on music , will release an album August 16 Bridges is the spokesperson for the No Kid Hungry Campaign to end child hunger in the U.S.
Hanoi , Vietnam  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed U.S. concerns about Myanmar 's reported military ties to North Korea and its potential impact on the region during a visit to Vietnam Thursday . "  We know that a ship from North Korea recently delivered military equipment to Burma and we continue to be concerned by the reports that Burma may be seeking assistance from North Korea with regard to a nuclear program , " Clinton said . Myanmar was formerly known as Burma . Clinton 's comments came after meetings with Vietnamese Foreign Minister Pham Gia Khiem . In June , Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , a key member of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee , postponed a trip to Myanmar out of concern that Myanmar 's government was working with North Korea on the development of a nuclear program . At the time , Webb noted that "  a defecting officer from -LSB- Myanmar 's -RSB- military claims direct knowledge of such plans , and reportedly has furnished documents to corroborate his claims . " Webb said it was unclear "  whether these allegations have substantive merit . " However , in light of the U.S. State Department 's recent accusation that Myanmar has violated a U.N. Security Council resolution "  with respect to a suspected shipment of arms from North Korea , there are now two unresolved matters related to activities of serious concern between these two countries . " The Association of Southeast Asian Nations , or ASEAN , Regional Forum begins in Friday in Hanoi . Developments in Myanmar are likely to be a popular topic of discussion at the summit . A military junta has ruled Myanmar since 1962 and preparing to hold its first elections in 20 years , but no date has been announced .	The United States has concerns about Myanmar-North Korea military ties North Korea may be helping Myanmar develop a nuclear program Myanmar may have received a shipment of arms from North Korea
CNN  -- Defiant FIFA president Sepp Blatter has told one of Europe 's top political organizations not to interfere in the world football body 's affairs after it called for a probe into his 2011 re-election . The Council of Europe , a watchdog that oversees the European Court of Human Rights , had insisted on an internal investigation to determine whether Blatter had exploited his position during last year 's election campaign . His only opponent , former Asian Football Confederation president Mohamed bin Hamman , pulled out of the ballot before a FIFA investigation found him guilty of bribing Caribbean officials three weeks before the June 1 vote . The Qatari , who was also a top FIFA official , was subsequently banned from football . "  The so-called European Council , they should take up problems they have in Europe not the problems they create in FIFA , " Blatter told reporters on Friday in Nepal , where he is attending the AFC Challenge Cup tournament . Goal-line technology enters final testing Blatter 's offer of an extra $ 1 million in funding to the CONCACAF federation in the run-up to the election was also questioned by the council . The federation covers Central and North America , plus the Caribbean . "  I do n't understand why a political organization , in Europe or somewhere in the world , they have the right to ask FIFA to enter into any activity -- especially in the election , " said Blatter , who has been FIFA president since 1998 . "  Nobody from the football family has any concerns about the election . We need , naturally , also the acceptance of the political authorities -- but we do n't like political authorities interfering in our internal affairs . " FIFA is fiercely independent , and suspends any of its 208 member associations if governments interfere in their operations . Blatter , who turns 76 on Saturday , also said it was strange that the opposition to FIFA came only from Europe but not from Asia , Africa or South America . The first results of FIFA 's ongoing reform process -- triggered by corruption scandals ahead of the December 2010 vote for naming hosts of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups -- will be made public at the end of March , he said . Meanwhile , Brazil has accepted FIFA 's apology after secretary general Jerome Valcke told journalists the country needed a "  kick up the backside " to be ready in time for the 2014 World Cup . Brazil 's Sports Minister Aldo Rebelo said he accepted both Valcke 's apology and a letter sent by Blatter in a sign that cooperation between the two entities was back on track . He added that these incidents must not be repeated , so that preparations for the four-yearly tournament continue to progress . Rebelo also said Brazil 's President Dilma Rousseff had agreed to meet with Blatter , although no date has been set . FIFA has repeatedly expressed concerns over the pace of work in Brazil on both stadiums and broader infrastructure such as airports . But last week , Valcke used unusually strong language . In his apology letter , Valcke explained that in French , "  se donner un coup de pied aux fesses " means "  to pick up the pace . " Unfortunately , he wrote , the expression had been translated so that in Portuguese it used much "  stronger words . " The translation was a literal one . Also this week , a congressional Commission approved a World Cup bill that would allow the sale of beer at games -- one of the main points of contention with FIFA . It still needs to be approved by both houses . CNN 's Shasta Darlington in Brazil also contributed to this story .	Head of world football is unhappy with calls for investigation into his election victory Sepp Blatter says Council of Europe should not interfere in FIFA 's affairs He says FIFA 's members have expressed no concerns over the 2011 ballot Incumbent Blatter was the only candidate after his opponent pulled out in bribery scandal
This is the second part of a two part series on the best used luxury cars . AOL Autos  -- Recently , Consumer Reports magazine issued its list of best and worst used cars , and divvied them up by price range . The Porsche 911 has several versions , but all have been annointed with the "  supercar " appellation . Using CR 's recommendations as a guideline , here is a list of some of the best used luxury cars currently on the market in the $ 30,000 + price range : 2007 Acura MDX The newer MDX is classified as a crossover SUV , but it 's a deluxe version . It was all-new in ' 07 , and was built on a proper platform -- as opposed to being adapated from the Accord passenger-car platform . It also came in three flavors : Base , Technology and Sport Packages , and all three were powered by a 3.7-liter 300-hp V6 . The voice-activated navigation system is a nifty feature , as it comes with rearview camera and AcuraLink satellite communications with real-time traffic data . AOL Autos : Used Acura 2007 BMW 328i sedan The 328i is another sleek , finely-tuned and beautifully-designed driving machine , offering sporty performance and Euro-style luxury . It is widely considered to be the definitive "  sports sedan . " The '07 328i was propelled by a 3.0-liter 230-hp inline six-cylinder engine , which you can find mated to either a six-speed manual or six-speed automatic transmission . Consumer Reports also recommended the 3-Series coupe and convertible that joined BMW 's model line-up in ' 07 . AOL Autos : Used BMW 2004 BMW M3 The M3 is the top-of-the-line , high-performance-tuned version of the 3-series coupe . Performance power , therefore , is much higher than the other 3-Series editions . It came as a coupe or convertible , and churned out 333 horses . The M3 is often favorably compared to the Porsche 911 when it comes to quick acceleration , crisp braking and taking tough corners at brisk speeds without breaking a sweat . 2007 Infiniti FX35 Well , the marketplace surely is not lacking for luxury crossovers . Here is yet another one that appeals to luxury buyers with its balance of SUV-type spaciousness , pampering amenities , deft handling and burly engine muscle . For ' 07 , the FX35 was a two-wheel-drive vehicle powered by a 280-hp 3.5-liter V6 and a five-speed automatic transmission . AOL Autos : Used Infiniti 2006 & 2007 Infiniti M Infiniti 's M series is another winner , which seamlessly synergizes sleek styling , aggressive engine performance and a bevy of luxo-line amenities . It comes in both the M-35 and M-45 . During the last used-model year , ' 07 , the primary distinction between the two was that the M35 was powered by a V6 that kicked out 275 horses , while the M45 muscled up to a 325-hp V8 . Luxury features included standard leather seats with heating and ventilation , and optional 10-way power adjustments for the driver 's seat . Lexus Just like in the $ 24,000-to - $ 30,000 category , Consumer Reports recommended a slew of world-beating used Lexus models in this segment : the ' 06 - '07 6-cylinder GS RWD ; the '07 GS450h Hybrid ; ' 05 - '07 GX ; '07 IS ; ' 04 - '07 LS ; ' 03 - '06 LX and ' 06 - '07 RX . AOL Autos : Used Lexus Lexus has placed No 1 in the JD Power Dependability Survey every year for the last 12 years - until ' 07 , when another carmaker , Buick , finally tied them for first . Porsche 911  various years Consumer Reports included the '98 911 in the $ 24,000 to $ 30,000 category . Here , the model years get more recent as the price range climbs . The 911 went through some changes over this time period , of course , but all have been anointed with the "  supercar " appellation . AOL Autos : Used Porsche And by the latest recommended used-model year , the ' 07 , you could choose among various styles and engine sizes , including the Carrera , with its 3.6-L 325-hp flat-six plant ; the Carrera S and S Cabriolet , with the 3.8-L 355 hp V6 ; the 911 Turbo , with twin-turbocharged 480 hp six-cylinder engine ; and the GT3 track model , powered by a high-revving 415-hp six-cylinder engine .	Newer Acura MDX is classified as a crossover SUV , but it 's a deluxe version BMW 328i is sleek , finely-tuned and beautifully-designed driving machine Infiniti 's M series is another winner with an aggressive engine performance Consumer Reports recommended a slew of used Lexus models
Washington  CNN  -- There 's a fight brewing and it could get ugly . In one corner is the Republican Party . And in the other ... the Republican Party . The stakes could not be higher . The GOP has failed to get a majority of Americans to vote for its presidential candidates in five of the last six elections . And Tuesday night 's gubernatorial races -- a win in New Jersey and loss in Virginia -- sent confusing signals , at best , about where the party is headed . 5 things we learned from Election Night 2013 The fight spilled out into the open in a race for Alabama 's 1st Congressional District , with two Republicans the face of the party 's internal civil war . Establishment-backed Bradley Byrne beat tea party candidate Dean Young in Tuesday 's bitter primary . The Alabama race could be just a sample of what may come , and the battle within the GOP may get much more intense leading up to the 2014 elections . That 's because some Republicans -- especially what 's left of the moderate wing -- do n't want a repeat of the 2010 and 2012 elections . The GOP first regained control of the House of Representatives in 2010 and maintained its control two years later . Confused ? Let 's explain . 2010 was the year of the Republican In 2010 , Republicans gained 63 seats in the House . They saw a fighting chance at stopping President Barack Obama 's expansive health care law and opposing government spending . But tension started to rise within the party . Many lawmakers were aligned with the burgeoning , ultra-conservative tea party movement . And in the years since -- particularly after the federal government 's recent shutdown -- those newcomers ' influence has frustrated and threatened the GOP 's more traditional wing . Even more worrisome than a fight over ideas is that the split has led to real Election Day losses . So now the moderate wing has decided to fight back . ` No moderate counterbalance ' "  There 's sort of an inquisition going on , " former Republican Rep. Steve LaTourette of Ohio said of the tea party 's efforts . And he 's leading the charge against it . "  There is no moderate counterbalance ... on the money side , " LaTourette , who retired from Congress in 2012 after frustration with partisanship and party infighting , told CNN in a recent interview . "  We 've been slow to the dance . " Now he vows to fight with campaign dollars , dropping the 11th commandment Reagan made famous about Republicans not speaking ill of other Republicans . As head of the Main Street Partnership , LaTourette is using his group 's campaign arm to fight some well-financed organizations such as Club for Growth and FreedomWorks that finance campaigns of ultra-conservative Republican candidates . LaTourette 's goal is to raise up to $ 10 million to support as many as 10 Republican incumbents in the 2014 elections . That 's a big lift compared with the previous election when Main Street Partnership , formerly the Republican Main Street Partnership , raised a little more than $ 1 million . The return of Sarah Palin Not alone LaTourette is not the only one who has decided to take this route . The business community , including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , and even an official arm of the Republican Party have also decided to get involved . Big business usually stands back and waits until a general election to flex its financial muscle . But it sent a strong signal recently by donating hundreds of thousands of dollars to Byrne in his Alabama congressional race . It was a rare move and a lot of money for such a primary . And the National Republican Senate Committee "  reserves the right " to get involved in primaries "  if we ever thought it was necessary to win , " Brad Dayspring , the committee 's communications director , said . In defense of ` RINOs ' LaTourette said the effort is to make the government run better , especially as scorecards and vote watchers keep track of every move Republicans make in Congress . Too often , LaTourette said , Republicans are backed into positions to avoid being called a RINO -- Republican in Name Only -- and getting pummeled by fellow Republicans on the campaign trail . "  I suspect the 87 Republicans who cast the right vote to reopen the government are not going to be called traitors , " LaTourette said , referring to the recent 16-day partial government shutdown over Obamacare . LaTourette promises to support those "  traitors " financially -- or at least a few of them . Election Night 2013 : Christie wins easily ; Virginia provides drama He hosted a fund-raiser Tuesday night in New York , unveiling a new Web ad in which the narrator says , "  The time to act is now . Help us fight to protect Main Street . ... " The ad plays controversial statements from some of the most fiery Republicans , including one-time Senate candidates Todd Akin of Missouri , Richard Mourdock of Indiana and Christine O'Donnell of Delaware . The spot reminds donors that these candidates all have one thing in common : They lost to a Democrat . Taking a shot at the birther movement , LaTourette said the only question he asks of potential candidates is "  if Barack Obama was born in the United States . And if they say yes , then we 'll help them . " One candidate LaTourette knows he 's going to help is Rep. Mike Simpson of Idaho . The House veteran and chairman of an appropriations subcommittee faces a challenge from Bryan Smith , one of three candidates Club for Growth has already endorsed . "  If Smith defeats Simpson , a favorite of the Republican leadership and a member of the Appropriations Committee , it will send a shiver down the spine of the party establishment , " Club for Growth said about Smith 's candidacy on its website . Targeted for defeat Club for Growth has tried to defeat a cadre of Republicans considered too squishy for the party brand . In 2012 , it spent more than $ 600,000 in the Republican primary of Arizona 's 4th Congressional District against incumbent Paul Gosar , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , which tracks campaign spending . Gosar has a 77 % rating on the Club for Growth 's issues scorecard , but the group backed an even more conservative challenger -- Arizona state Sen. Ron Gould . However , Gosar ultimately won the primary and went on to win in November . Another GOP senator facing primary challenge In all , Club for Growth spent $ 18 million in 2012 , the Center for Responsive Politics says . Nearly $ 10 million was spent to defeat other Republicans . Mourdock was one of its candidates . He beat longtime Sen. Richard Lugar of Indiana in the primary but ended up losing to Democrat Joe Donnelly in the general election . "  I refer to them as the Club for Democratic Growth , " LaTourette said about the group and its efforts . Incumbent Wayne Gilchrest was another Republican defeated in a primary challenge . A moderate , he lost to Andy Harris , a Club for Growth-backed and financed candidate in the 2008 primary for Maryland 's 1st Congressional District . "  Some very thoughtful , deep-thinking smart people have been voted out " because they did n't completely align with tea party credentials , Gilchrest told CNN . Gilchrest said he ca n't afford to back LaTourette 's effort financially , but he "  supports the idea 100 % . " Financial drain LaTourette said the aggressive tactics used against Republicans means the party 's candidates have to spend large amounts of money against each other , making it more difficult to have enough cash to beat Democrats in general elections . That issue does n't seem to faze Club for Growth spokesman Barney Keller . "  We care only about passing pro-growth policies , and we do n't care about what some lobbyist thinks about us , " he said , referring to LaTourette . "  Come on in . The water 's warm , " Keller said . CNN poll : GOP and tea party unfavorables at all-time highs GOP strategist John Feehery said the Republican Party is in a phase where it is taking "  two steps back " before it can move forward . "  This is the biggest problem : Internal fights are wasting money , " he said . And a lot more money is likely to be spent in this civil war .	Moderates are moving to battle tea party conservatives for the soul of the GOP Ex-Rep . Steve LaTourette is helping raise funds to counter tea party support in primaries "  Internal fights are wasting money , " GOP strategist says
EW.com  -- Lee Daniels ' "  The Butler " is an ambitious , sweeping period drama that manages to be incredibly affecting and feel as if the words " For Your Consideration " are stamped across every frame . Inspired by the true story of an African-American steward who worked under eight presidents  Truman through Reagan  , the film stars Forest Whitaker as Cecil Gaines  $ " an unassuming man who witnesses history close-up at a time when a new chapter seems to be written daily . As proof of how radically the world will change during his lifetime , the story begins with Cecil as a boy working on a cotton plantation , where his employer  a fragile , haughty Vanessa Redgrave  teaches him how to serve white folks : " The room should feel empty when you 're in it . " Years pass , and Cecil lands a job at a ritzy D.C. hotel , where his white-gloved obsequiousness grabs the attention of a White House aide , who hires him . As the film skims Forrest Gump-style through turbulent decades and various inhabitants of the Oval Office  a fun but distracting parade of famous faces , including Robin Williams as Eisenhower , John Cusack as Nixon , and Alan Rickman and Jane Fonda as the Reagans  , Cecil struggles with his messier home life . It 's the only place where his gift for orderliness fails him . His wife  a beautifully nuanced Oprah Winfrey  is an alcoholic , and his older son  David Oyelowo  is a rebellious civil rights activist . Neither can draw this Invisible Man out of his shell . As Cecil , Whitaker is mesmerizing . The actor seems to shrink into his imposing frame , summoning a performance of quiet , bottled-up force . There 's no question that Daniels , the director of 2009 's "  Precious , " deserves some of the credit for that . But as undeniably moving and powerful as his film is , it could have used more of that subtlety . The fact that he even comes close makes "  The Butler " worth seeing . Grade : B + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Butler " is based on a true story It 's a sweeping story over several years Critic praises stars Forest Whitaker and Oprah Winfrey for their performances
CNN  -- Motivation is a tricky thing . We need it in every aspect of our lives : to get up in the morning and go to work , to start  and finish  that 10-page paper , to do laundry after a long day . Yet the motivation to get healthy often eludes us . It hides in the form of excuses -- excuses for why we ca n't go to the gym or cook a healthy meal , why we ca n't get enough sleep or make time for ourselves . Often we lack motivation because we lack inspiration . Why I became a triathlete Every year CNN selects iReporters to race in a triathlon with Dr. Sanjay Gupta and the Fit Nation team . This year we 're giving six lucky readers a road bike  with all the necessary accessories  , a wet suit and a gym membership to help them prepare for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon on September 14 . As they train for their first triathlon with support from our fitness and nutrition coaches , they 'll blog , tweet and share their workouts online . You 'll watch as they get ready to swim a half-mile in the ocean , bike 18 miles and run 4 miles along the Pacific coast . We hope this year 's Fit Nation Triathlon Challenge team will inspire you to make your own health a priority . Whether it 's being a role model for your children , accomplishing a personal goal or simply being able to enjoy life , find your motivation for getting fit and eating better . If our past Fit Nation team members are any indication , you 'll be happy you did . Meet this year 's team : Ron Cothran Ron is a respiratory therapist in Pueblo , Colorado . He found out about the Fit Nation challenge after reading an article about one of last year 's triathletes , Rae Timme , in the Pueblo newspaper . Ron is turning 50 this year , and is determined to live the second half of his life better than the first half . Ron recently underwent a gastric bypass , and has already lost a great deal of weight . But he 's here to tell you , surgery is most certainly not the easy way out . He says this challenge will help him take things to the next level . Learn more about Ron 's story on iReport Sia Figiel Sia is a Samoan woman who once weighed nearly 400 pounds . In her culture , she says , food is respect . But when she developed type 2 diabetes and eventually lost all her teeth because of it , she decided enough was enough ! She saw Annette Miller 's progress on last year 's Fit Nation team and decided to start walking and eating healthier . On her own , she lost 100 pounds , and now she 's joining us to lose the rest . She hopes to show the Samoan community that there 's nothing positive about being overweight . Learn more about Sia 's story on iReport Karen Manns Karen is a detective with the Baltimore City Police Department . Genetics and years of wear and tear forced Karen to undergo two hip replacements before age 44 . Her doctor told her she 'd never run again . She decided she was too young to be sedentary , so she , along with a personal trainer and her police partner  an accomplished marathoner  started training . Today , Karen has worked her way up to a 10K ! Her doctor is amazed , and now Karen is ready to take on a triathlon -- showing everyone who has ever had joint surgery that their mobility does n't have to be limited . Learn more about Karen 's story on iReport Jamil Nathoo In 2013 , 34-year-old Jamil was training for the South Beach Triathlon . Before he got the chance to race , tragedy struck . Jamil was diagnosed with stage IIIC testicular cancer that had spread to his abdomen and chest . Chemo and surgery took a major toll on his body , drastically reducing his fitness level , and causing him to lose more than 20 pounds . Now , the cancer is gone , and Jamil is ready to regain his fitness level , and officially kick cancer 's butt . UPDATE : Jamil had to have an additional surgery two weeks ago , but his doctors say as soon as he heals from the operation , he 'll be on his way to becoming a triathlete . Learn more about Jamil 's story on iReport Connie Sievers Connie was always skinny , even through her three pregnancies . But when her daughter developed cancer , and ultimately passed away , Connie gained more than 70 pounds . It 's been more than 18 years since her daughter died , but Connie has not been able to shake the weight . One of her sons married a former collegiate triathlete , who is encouraging the whole family to do races with her . Connie was the last one to say yes ; her first race will be the Nautica Malibu Triathlon with the CNN team and her whole family . Learn more about Connie 's story on iReport Mike Wilber Mike is a single dad , a physical education teacher , and a track and football coach in upstate New York , but he 's always been a big guy . It was n't until a congenital heart defect revealed itself , in the form of a stroke , that Mike decided it was time to get in shape . It 's been several years since the stroke , and he has n't had a lot of success . Now he 's concerned if he does n't make a change , he may not be around for his four kids . He 's ready to show his family , his students and his community what he 's made of . Learn more about Mike 's story on iReport Follow the Fit Nation team on Twitter , Facebook and on CNN.com for updates on their training progress .	Every year CNN selects six iReporters to race in a triathlon with Dr. Sanjay Gupta Three women and three men have been picked for the 2014 Fit Nation team Follow the team on Twitter , Facebook and on CNN.com for updates on their training
Mafraq , Jordan  CNN  -- There are so many refugees living in one neighborhood here that locals have started calling it Syria Town . In Syria Town 's dusty streets , children peer out from storefronts and shop windows partially covered by blankets , sheets and cardboard . Refugees are renting out shops that once sold sweets and converting them into makeshift homes . Some of these converted residences do n't have doors . A blanket hung over the entryway of Um Khaled 's one-room home . The widow from the Syrian city of Homs spent her last savings renting what used to be an office . "  The regime soldiers and Shabiha militia took my husband and son from our house . They also took my brother and his son . They lined them up on the street and shot them , " she said . Um Khaled 's surviving sons , Abdul Kareem and Abdul Rahman , sat beside her on the floor . The eyes of the boys , ages 11 and 12 , looked glazed and empty . Before the war , both boys went to school in Syria . Rahman wanted to become a lawyer . Now refugees in a foreign country , both boys have been looking for jobs to help pay the rent . "  There is no work , the children ca n't work , so life is hard , " Um Khaled said . Competing for scarce resources The trouble is , there were n't enough jobs to go around even before Syrian refugees start flooding into Jordan . Jordan had an unofficial unemployment rate of 30 % in 2012 , according to the CIA World Fact Book . But today , this small kingdom of roughly 6.5 million inhabitants hosts more than 450,000 registered Syrian refugees . Hundreds of thousands of additional Syrians are believed to be living in Jordan outside the formal refugee system . Increasingly , Jordanians are competing with Syrians for jobs , real estate and even dwindling supplies of water . "  In a time where you have a very high rate of unemployment , where Jordanians are feeling economical hardship , this is making people angry , " said Randa Habib , a political analyst and the author of the book "  Hussein and Abdullah : Inside the Jordanian Royal Family . " The mounting frustration was palpable on the streets of Mafraq , a scruffy Jordanian border town , where Jordanians and Syrians approached visiting foreigners begging for money . "  The situation was already tough , and it 's gotten harder since the Syrians came here , " said Khalid Mohamed el Wali , a car mechanic dressed in grease-spattered clothes . "  Despite hardships in the past , we never had to line up for bread before , but since the Syrians came here , we have started lining up and waiting in bread lines . " Anger has boiled over "  Of course people are angry , " restaurant owner Awwad Zudi said as he sliced chunks of beef with a knife for the sizzling grill behind him . "  There have been water cuts , an increase in property prices and rent . Jordanian property owners have started finding legal ways to evict Jordanian tenants so they can rent their property to Syrians for double the price or to make Jordanians pay higher prices , " Zudi added . Frequently , Jordanians also have complained about the enormous government-run Zaatari refugee camp outside Mafraq . As the population there has swelled to more than 100,000 residents , Jordanian security forces have struggled to maintain order . Last week , rioting residents torched dozens of tents after clashes reportedly erupted with protesting residents of a neighboring Jordanian town . The refugee population will be one of the top items on the agenda Friday when U.S. President Barack Obama sits down with Jordan 's King Abdullah in Amman . According to the United Nations , international donors have pledged only about a fifth of the funds needed to help Syrian refugees in Jordan . Wealthy expatriate donors This month , a group of wealthy Syrian expatriate businessmen who oppose the government in Damascus opened a new aid program in Jordan aimed at helping Syrian refugees . At a warehouse where workers from the Syrian Business Council for Relief and Development loaded sacks of rice into trucks for distribution to refugees , council members handed out rice to Jordanians gathered around the vehicles . "  We know well about the Jordanian economic situation . So we need to help them and to help us , " said Dr. Khaled al Mahameed , the council 's vice president . Last week , artillery rumbled in the distance as Mahameed and his colleagues prepared to distribute clothes and shoes to refugees in the Jordanian border town of Ramtha . Mahameed 's hometown of Daraa was just across the border . "  You can walk to my house from here , " Mahameed said , pointing to the nearby customs terminal leading to Syria . "  But you know the situation . The regime tanks block the border , and you can not pass . " Later , the Syrian businessmen posed for cameras as they handed out coats to smiling children . But the new clothes did nothing to stop a 2-year-old Syrian girl named Dareen from crying hysterically . Her legs were bound in casts after a bomb broke them two and a half months ago . Dareen is another innocent victim of the brutal conflict next door in Syria . The little girl also was a reminder that until the fighting stops , the future looks bleak for residents of the growing refugee community in Syria Town . CNN 's Mary Rogers contributed to this report .	One neighborhood in Jordan has been dubbed Syria Town Refugees are renting out shops and converting them into makeshift homes A group of wealthy Syrian expatriates has started a new aid program
COMO , Mississippi  CNN  -- Mary Dowden smiles when she thinks about this moment in history . At 80 years old , she 's the granddaughter of a slave who was born in a cotton field outside of Como , Mississippi . Mary Dowden , 80 , is the granddaughter of a slave . Barack Obama is bringing white and blacks together , she says . It 's difficult to put into words how she feels about Barack Obama , the issues so complex for a black country girl who lost both her parents by the age of 18 and then had to work a hard-scrabble life as a sharecropper . "  I was really afraid for him , because I did n't want nobody to kill him , " she says when asked about casting her ballot for Obama . But she pauses and smiles . "  I 'm awfully proud of him , as a black person . " Watch "  white and black is coming together " " Did she ever think she would see this moment ? "  No , I did n't , " she says . "  I always thought that , you know , the white was over the black , that they was the leading folks , that one nation is gon na be over another one , and that would be the white over the black . I never thought it would be a black president . " With Obama 's election , CNN.com traveled to the town of Como to talk with African-Americans about their experience growing up black in Mississippi and what this moment in history means to them . Como is a town of 1,400 people 45 miles south of Memphis , Tennessee , along Interstate 55 . It is a hard-hit rural community , home to a school with the dubious distinction of being among the worst-performing schools in the nation . In 2007 , the IRS froze the town 's bank accounts for not paying payroll taxes . A railroad track cuts through the middle of town . Even to this day , blacks largely live on one side of the track ; whites on the other side . See the hard-scrabble life of a slave 's grandson " Dowden is a living testament to a life of struggle , sacrifice and ultimately success . When she was 10 years old , her mom cooked a dewberry pie after working the cotton fields all day . She then went to a friend 's house and died . "  It was real devastating , " Dowden says softly . "  I was 10 . My sister was 12 , and we did n't know how to do nothing . And we had to take care of our little brother . " She missed one year of schooling because her father , Moses Wilson , could n't afford schoolbooks . He died four days after she turned 18 . She had two photos of her parents , but they were lost over the years . She knows even less about her grandparents . "  All I know is , he said that his momma was sold . She was auctioned off , " Dowden says . "  I do n't know where she was from . I do n't know anything about her . " Dowden is a mother of 12 . One son died when he was 3 ; another died when he was 47 . "  It was hard both ways . " Across town , a group of African-Americans have gathered at Cistern Hill Church to talk about the good times and the hard times -- and hope for a better future . They range in age from 74 to 18 . Watch "  I started working when I was 6 years old " " Aubrey "  Bill " Turner , 26 , perks up when talking about Obama . "  He 's going to bring a sense of respect in Mississippi , that it 's not just a white man 's country . You can be young , you can be black , and you can do anything that you want to do , " Turner says . "  You do have a chance . And he 's gon na put that all on the table for us . " Turner has a tattoo across his neck that reads "  Mr. Ssippi . " His grandfather was well-known fife musician Otha Turner , whose music was featured in the movie "  Gangs of New York . " His grandfather , he said , always taught him "  to respect white people , because one day you 're gon na want that respect , too . " Others nod with excitement about the prospects of a black president . They point out that they 've supported white presidents over the years and always voted for them . "  It just happened to be a black man -LSB- this time -RSB- that was qualified to be president and enough people wanted him in that position and voted for him , " says William C. Wilbourn , 59 . But Wilbourn acknowledges , as a black man , it 's an awesome moment in the nation 's history . "  It feels real good . " Elnora Jackson , 74 , says she was robbed of the privilege to vote for decades . So whenever there 's an election , she votes "  every time I get a chance . " Those gathered here chuckle when they talk about the town of Como . It was , they say , always a bit different than the rest of Mississippi . The downtown strip was built in such a way that there were n't really any back doors . Blacks could walk in the front doors of businesses in the old days . That 's not to say it was a honeymoon , either . There was a white water fountain in town that was guarded ; blacks could cook at a burger stand , but they could n't buy food there . School buses with white kids would pass black children walking to and from school . They 'd hurl bricks and insults at them . "  When I was growing up , it was painful , " says Arilla Kerney , 63 . "  I prayed and asked the Lord to forgive them . " There 's one day that all the elders remember well . It was in June 1966 . The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. swung through Como on a march through Mississippi to motivate black people to register to vote . Black children had been told to stay away for fear of any reprisals . But Lucy Thomas , a 4-foot , 8-inch woman with a "  small frame and big voice , " gathered about 20 black children . They walked hand-in-hand , barefoot and dirty , down the road to the intersection of Highways 51 and 310 , where King and the Freedom Marchers were huddled . Descendant of slave owners crosses the tracks One by one , the children shook King 's hand . "  It was just amazing to see Dr. King come through Como , Mississippi ! " says Dorothy Kerney-Wilbourn , who was among the children that day . She says that about 20 miles down the road , there was a peach orchard where white men were up in trees with guns . "  We were walking down the highway , marching and singing freedom songs , and they were up in trees with guns . That was a frightening moment , " Kerney-Wilbourn says with a laugh . "  Their concept of the blacks was just so different . But we showed them that we were there for peace . " Mary Dowden remembers that day , too . She said a white man said to her , "  They should send all the black boys back to Africa . " Dowden got in the man 's face . "  I told him , ` You ca n't send me back to Africa , because I did n't come from Africa ! I was born and raised here . Where you gon na send me back to ? ' " She smiles . "  He did n't like that . ... He did n't say nothing . He shut his mouth up . " Obama has helped change the conversation in these parts like few others . Dowden , the granddaughter of a slave , holds her chin high . Referring to Obama , she says , "  It 's his time . " He has n't taken office yet , but he 's already brought change . "  Right now , I think the white and black is coming together . "	Mary Dowden , 80 , is the granddaughter of a slave She says she was afraid for Barack Obama because "  I did n't want nobody to kill him " CNN.com traveled to Como , Mississippi , to talk with blacks about Obama Obama 's inspiration : "  You can be young , you can be black , and you can do anything "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai is calling the United States ' refusal to hand over an undisclosed number of detainees a breach of an agreement that outlines the transfer of power from U.S. forces to Afghanistan . Karzai 's accusation comes two months after the United States handed over Parwan prison at Bagram Air Base . The handover of the prison and detainees was considered the linchpin in a larger agreement that spells out U.S.-Afghan relations following the withdrawal of American troops in 2014 . Read more : Ex-Afghan prisoner claims Bagram abuse In a statement released Monday , Karzai called the failure to hand over all the detainees "  a serious breach of the Memorandum of Understanding . " He ordered his defense minister , attorney general and prison administrator "  to take required and urgent measures " to ensure the complete transfer of authority . The issue has become a sticking point between Karzai and U.S. military leaders . Karzai has been adamant that all prisoners be under Afghan control , and his latest statement indicates a growing frustration with the U.S. military 's resistance to surrender the remaining prisoners . Read more : U.S. holds on to some detainees during handover of prison to Afghan control The United States "  paused " the transfer of the detainees on the day it handed over Parwan prison in September . At the time , Karzai called the action a breach of Afghan national sovereignty . The U.S. military has not publicly discussed the specifics of the dispute . But a military official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN in September that the United States was holding on to several detainees over concerns about whether Afghan authorities will properly handle their cases , and under what circumstances they might be released . Read more : Rewarding Afghanistan 's torturers ? The United States also is maintaining custody of several prisoners whose nationalities were not Afghan , said the military official , who was not authorized to publicly disclose the details . Roughly 99 % percent of the detainees in custody were turned over , the U.S. military has said . Last year , a loya jirga , or grand assembly of Afghan elders , endorsed the continued presence of U.S. forces following the end of combat operations in 2014 , though only if the two countries could agree on the transfer of prisoners , an end to night raids and lifting immunity for U.S. troops accused of committing crimes . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Afghan president : The U.S. military is holding detainees who belong under Afghan control A U.S. official says 99 % of all detainees have been turned over The U.S. military is concerned about Afghanistan 's ability to handle cases , an official says
CNN  -- The massive tornado that devastated communities in Oklahoma Monday touched down near the town of Newcastle just five minutes after the first warnings went out , according to the National Weather Service . But residents of Moore , which would be hardest hit by the killer storm , had about 30 minutes before the twister entered the western part of the city , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said Tuesday . It sounds like enough time to act , but in the wake of tragedy , the question always persists : Could more have been done to warn residents of the monster tornado ? The science and technology behind severe weather prediction continues to improve , and many of the tools in place were deployed during Monday 's tornado . Once the tornado had touched down and meteorologists had determined that it was heading toward a populated area , the National Weather Service issued a "  tornado emergency , " said Harold Brooks , a research meteorologist at the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration 's Severe Storms Laboratory in Norman , Oklahoma , which is near Moore . The rarely used distinction is designed to make it clear that there is a dangerous situation . Moore in bull 's - eye twice , science may know why "  When you hear that , the response is that you better get your act together , now , " Brooks said . For the citizens of Moore , the tornado emergency was declared at 3:01 p.m. , about 14 minutes before the tornado reached the city . "  I think it was a very well-warned and well-forecasted event , " Brooks said . EF5 tornadoes are terrifying perfect storms The initial warning , which included the counties where Newcastle and Moore are located , would have been followed by alerts on television , radio , phone apps and sirens . Once forecasters recognized that the tornado was violent and that a "  potentially extraordinary event was occurring , " the emergency declaration set off another round of warnings , Brooks said . Still , at least 24 people lost their lives as a result of the tornado . Considering the size of the tornado and the number of homes it affected , the death toll could have been worse , Brooks said . "  A lot of people survived the path of the tornado , " he said . Basements scarce in tornado-prone area : Here 's why The science behind predictions Currently , the Severe Storms Laboratory can forecast weather conducive to tornadoes about seven or eight days out , Brooks said . This is a vast improvement over 15 years ago , when forecasts were available for just one day ahead . In the case of the tornado that hit Moore , forecasters predicted severe weather in the Oklahoma area as early as Wednesday . But these forecasts are for weather systems that are capable of producing tornadoes , not predictions of where a specific tornado may hit . Advances in technology and science are continuously improving forecasts . "  As computers have gotten more powerful , the models have gotten better , " said Adam Sobel , a professor of atmospheric science at Columbia University in New York . Computers use the laws of physics and mathematics to make predictions based on simulations of the atmosphere that are represented on a grid . Opinion : How can we be safe from tornadoes ? Just like pixels on the digital cameras have become smaller and smaller , the grid that these computers use has gotten smaller , allowing for more precise forecasts , Sobel said . But tornadoes are so small , relatively , that they are still too small for the models to see . The increased power of these computers have made it easier to spot storms systems that could spawn tornadoes . New research may increase the window of prediction from the current seven or eight days to 10 to 12 days before the event , Sobel said . NOAA is also working with several institutions to increase warning lead times for tornadoes and other severe weather . Known as "  warn-on-forecasts , " the new methodology would issue warnings based on forecasts rather than observations , said Jeff Trapp , a professor of atmospheric science at Purdue University in Indiana . The new method is promising , he said , but it is still at an experimental stage . It might allow forecasters to provide cones of uncertainty for a tornado , similar to those used to predict where hurricanes are headed . These warnings for tornadoes could come one to six hours before the tornado , as opposed to the current 15 - to 30-minute warnings , Trapp said . Another innovation with the new research could result in forecasters providing the strength of a tornado at the time it is formed , instead of after the fact , as is currently the case . Residents may react differently if they know the intensity of the tornado heading toward them . The challenge , Trapp said , is the same one that all forecasters face : A forecast depends on the data available . Deadliest U.S. tornadoes on record	Residents of Moore had time to prepare for tornado , but can more be done ? Forecasters can predict tornado-worthy storms up to eight days in advance New technology could yield more warning , "  cones of uncertainty " like with hurricanes
CNN  -- She added smart to sexy as a Bond girl opposite Pierce Brosnan 's 007 , and proved her dramatic and action credentials in "  Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon , " but for actress Michelle Yeoh , life and acting are both all about balance . Michelle Yeoh : "  There are reasons why you do movies . It 's for the love of it . " "  I think it 's very boring for my audience , just to see me in the regular roles . I love my action films . And I think right now , I have a nice balance , " she told CNN 's Talk Asia . Poise and balance are something that Yeoh is naturally blessed with . Her childhood dream of becoming a professional ballerina was dashed when she sustained an injury while training at the Royal Academy of Dance in London . However , she continued to study completing a degree in dance and a minor in drama , before serving as Miss Malaysia at the age of 21 , which was more of an ambassadorial role for the country 's tourism industry than bikini modeling . Making her film debut in an action movie in 1984 , she made further appearances in Hong Kong action films doing her own stunts , until she married millionaire Hong Kong businessman Dickson Poon in 1988 and put her career on hold . On giving up acting for the sake of her married life she said : "  At that time , it 's very difficult to try and juggle a normal life , be where your husband is , try to start a family life , and filming months on end in another country . So I weighed my options . I am a person that believes , you have to give your all . There 's no half measure in doing things . You do it well or at least you 've got to give it your best shot . " The couple divorced three years later and Yeoh resumed her film career in 1992 in the Jackie Chan smash-hit "  Police Story 3 . " While she continued to use her athleticism in her roles and do her own stunts , in the pursuit of playing good characters and that all-important balance , she credits the directors she has chosen to work with . "  I look at the scripts and you can understand where the story is going ... but it 's a director with a vision that brings it to life , " she said . "  There are reasons why you do movies . It 's for the love of it or you 're thinking of your paycheck . And you have to find your own balance . " When it came to doing "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , " Ang Lee was the essential ingredient . "  I did it really because I adore Ang Lee . That 's a true film maker , where they move you , they bring you to places where you ca n't imagine but want to be . " But being an all-or-nothing person has taken its toll when it has come to the stunts she has performed . Yeoh tore her anterior cruciate ligament after the first sequence she performed for "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , " which meant that only the dramatic scenes in the film could be shot until she had recovered . Yeoh has turned her attention to producing as well as acting and found it a challenging experience . "  As an actor you would be judged on how your performance is and so that 's where your focus is . It 's a very selfish environment and that sense , because as you know , you ca n't make excuses afterwards . But as a producer , you have to make sure everyone is well protected and everyone is safe . And if anything goes wrong , it 's all on your shoulders , " she told CNN . The films she produced , 2002 's "  The Touch " and "  Sliver Hawk " from 2004 were panned by critics , but she makes no excuses : "  That 's the nature of the business . You should never take these things personally when it works or does n't work . " And when it comes to passing on what she 's learned to young Asian actors , her advice is typically practical . "  For any Asian face , or any Asian girls that have dreams , aspirations or doing crossover work in Hollywood , you must have the language . These are your tools . And then afterwards , the right face , the right demeanor , and the right chemistry . "	Trained dancer turned to acting after injury at college Performs her own stunts and has pioneered stronger female roles in Asian films International recognition came as a Bond girl and "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon "
CNN  -- As a concept , recycling has lived and died many times throughout its 4,000-year old history . But it always re-emerges as an idea when humans need it most , such as during the Great Depression , and later during World War II , when American companies recycled or reused around 25 percent of the waste stream . A sign in Cheshire , England signalling a recycling drop-off area . Today , the global recycling industry generates $ 160 billion a year , processing more than 500 million tons of materials . The industry is becoming one of the world 's biggest employers . While the official amount of people employed by the industry is 1.5 million worldwide , the real figure -- when you factor in illegal recycling operations in the developing world -- is likely to be much , much higher . The United Nations believes , for example , that as many as 10 million people in China alone are now in the recycling business . What 's not to like about recycling ? There are some fairly persuasive arguments for recycling , and for using recycled goods . Energy savings is just one of them . By reusing existing materials you are essentially removing the process involved in sourcing the "  virgin materials " in the first place . Take soda cans , made from aluminum . According to Friends of the Earth , creating a ton of these from scratch takes five times the amount of energy as it would to produce a ton of recycled cans . According to the Bureau of International Recycling  BIR  , the companies that manufacture recycled aluminum are using 95 percent less energy than if they were using "  virgin materials . "  For plastics the energy savings are almost as high -- 80 percent , BIR says , while making paper from recycled paper  as opposed to wood  can save 64 percent of energy . Looking at it another way , according to the National Recycling Coalition , the amount of energy saved in one year by Americans recycling their soda cans , plastic containers , newspapers and packaging represented the energy equivalent of : Not surprisingly , recycling also impacts pollution levels . BIR says producing paper from recycled paper as opposed to wood can slash air pollution by as much as 74 percent and water pollution by 35 percent ; while manufacturing recycled steel results in 86 percent less air pollution . There are different types of pollution savings to be made , reducing the pollution generated by manufacturing the stuff in the first place . And then there is the pollution that results in dumping the waste in landfills , instead of recycling it . A recent report from the European Environment Agency  EEA  , for example , has predicted that greenhouse gas emissions from household waste will drop by more than 80 percent by 2020 -- largely because of increases in recycling levels which are diverting waste away from landfills . And the carbon savings can be huge , even when a relatively small amount of effort has been made . The UK has one of Europe 's lowest recycling rates when it comes to municipal waste -- 27 percent . Yet , the impact on its carbon emissions has already become worthwhile , according to Waste & Resources Action Programme , or WRAP . WRAP says that these relatively minor efforts already mean a 10 million - to 15 million-ton reduction in carbon dioxide  CO2  emissions a year -- the equivalent of taking 3.5 million cars off the road . What about the costs ? One of the main objections to the recycling movement has been the cost factor . Throwing something away is obviously going to be a lot cheaper than going through the hassle of recycling it . And certain materials are going to be a lot tougher to recycle than others , driving up costs and energy spent . But , as a 2004 study by research group GPI Atlantic found out , there are many different ways to measure cost . GPI looked at the Canadian province of Nova Scotia , which back in the 1990s had decided that 50 percent of its trash was going to get recycled instead of landing up in incinerators or landfills . The annual cost to the province of doing this was $ 18 million more than it would have cost to chuck trash away . But , when different factors were considered , the number looked very different These factors included : GPI concluded that Nova Scotia was in fact saving up to $ 125 million simply because it had embraced recycling . The developing world 's gain ? Arguably , recycling has seen the most economic success in the poorer parts of the world . According to the Earth Institute , the aluminum can recycling business in Brazil now employs more people than its car industry . Brazilians collecting used soda cans have boosted their earning power significantly , earning $ 200 a month against the standard minimum $ 81 monthly salary . Then there are the inhabitants of a single 174-hectare slum in India 's largest city , Mumbai , that have managed to create a $ 1.3 billion recycling industry between them , according to the Observer . Dharavi is home to one million slum dwellers , with a quarter of them fully employed  albeit often illegally  in a recycling business which processes 80 percent of Mumbai 's plastic waste alone . "  There is a lot to be learned from the developing world , " the Observer quoted Friends of the Earth 's Claire Wilton as saying . "  Where a scavenger mentality , grassroots recycling and sheer necessity can lead to imaginative leaps in redeploying waste . " That being said , the economic impact may be welcomed by those in poorer countries sifting through everyone 's trash -- but the health impact still leaves a lot to be desired . Around 70 percent of the world 's electronic waste ends up in southern China . A recent study by Hong Kong 's Baptist University found that the basic methods employed to recycle these items was having an unsettling effect on people living nearby , specifically women . Women in their mid-20s in one recycling site in Zheijiang Province were found to be carrying the highest levels of cancer-causing toxic chemicals like dioxins and furans than they had seen anywhere else in the world . It is still too early to say what the long-term effects of these chemicals will be on these women , but it is likely that it will become clear when they attempt to have children . Dioxins and furans have been linked to reproductive problems specifically . The researchers found that the women had twice the amount of dioxins in their breast milk and three times as much in their placentas as normal . They were also found to be at increasing risk of experiencing spontaneous abortions the longer they chose to live there . E-mail to a friend Source : The Observer ; Friends of the Earth ; The Independent ; California Environmental Protection Agency ; National Recycling Coalition ; New Scientist ; BIR ; The Economist ; Bureau of International Recycling ; UNEP ; Wired	Recycling as a movement 4,000 years old More than 500 million tons of material recycled every year Recycling a boom industry in developing world Health risks arising from poor recycling operations in China
CNN  -- These days , no fashion house portfolio is complete without a hotel -- or at the very least , a luxuriously designed suite . Tommy Hilfiger and Karl Lagerfeld are the latest fashion icons to try their hands at hoteling , with Hilfiger recently purchasing Miami 's The Raleigh Hotel and Lagerfeld set to open his first branded property in Macau  albeit not until 2017  . They join the ranks of many of the fashion industry 's most iconic members , including Bulgari , Armani , Versace , and -- until recently -- Missoni  the Hotel Missoni brand , alas , is calling it quits  . "  From a designer 's perspective , a hotel gives you complete latitude to bring their way of thinking to everything , from the draperies to the textures and colors , that 's what you sign up for , " says Nikhil Bhalla , vice president of equity research in lodging at FBR Capital Markets . In many cases , a hotel acts as a sort of large-scale designer showroom . Armani Hotels , for instance , are outfitted with furnishings from Armani Home , ball gowns accentuate the dcor at Milan 's Maison Moschino , and no suite at Bulgari Hotel is complete without the brand 's signature silver . "  Hotels are a great way to showcase the design identity of a brand , and to project a lifestyle that goes beyond products , " notes Silvio Ursini , the executive vice president of Bulgari Hotels & Resorts . Or , as Bhalla puts it , "  the handbag experience has extended itself into a lifestyle experience . " Hotel brands are just as eager to align themselves with a fashion brand  even if they do n't hand over the reins completely  . When they 're not tapping big-name designers to decorate their suites , hotels are conjuring up fashion-led experiences to entice customers , be it a Burberry trench coat-loan program or same-day delivery from Net-a-Porter . "  For the consumer , who probably already likes the brand , these experiences are an opportunity to experience it at a higher level ; it helps them bond with brand a little bit more than they would have before , " explains Bhalla . It also offers the customers a consistency that they might not otherwise expect from a hotel room . "  When a woman comes to us for a dress , she knows she 's going to look gorgeous and glamorous -- that 's what we do . When she stays in our suite , she 'll know the same design levels went into making the space , " notes James Mischka , half of the design label Badgley Mischka , which designed a 1,700-square foot suite at The Breakers Palm Beach . Branding a hotel suite with a fashion label also helps it attain an extra level of exclusivity . Bulgari Hotels , for instance , mimics the exclusivity of its design brand by limiting its room count . "  There 's always a scarcity value attached to these types of offerings , and at no point does a brand want to dilute that , " explains Bhalla .	Tommy Hilfiger and Karl Lagerfeld are the latest fashion icons to turn hotelier Lately , hotels and fashion houses are becoming more aligned Many hotels offer designer suites and experiences to bring in customers
CNN  -- McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both opening practice sessions Friday for the Hungarian Grand Prix . The 2008 world champion has had a miserable run of late in the race for the F1 title , but showed his class with a time of one minute 21.995 seconds in the afternoon runs before the session was hit by rain . As the circuit became more treacherous , the British star stayed out to set fast laps before being pulled in by his team . The conditions claimed seven-time champion Michael Schumacher , who lost the front wing of his Mercedes as he went off on Turn 11 of the Hungaroring at speed . "  I just locked up and run out of road , " he told the official F1 website . "  By hitting the tires , I lost the front wing , but other than that , nothing is damaged on the car , I believe . It was the kind of incident that happens when suddenly a shower hits the dry track , " Schumacher added , The German star clocked a best time of one minute 23.160 seconds , but another former champion , Kimi Raikkonen of Finland was second best in his Lotus in one minute 22.180 seconds . "  We were second fastest which was good , and we 've managed to improve the setup on my car over the last few races so I 've been pretty happy with it , " said Raikkonen . Bruno Senna in his Williams was third fastest with the Ferraris of Felipe Massa and championship leader Fernando Alonso fourth and fifth fastest . Reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel was only eighth best in the Red Bull , with teammate Mark Webber , Alonso 's nearest challenger , back in 14th . Hamilton was quickest in the morning runs ahead of teammate Jenson Button as McLaren look to build on the improved performance of their car in Germany last weekend in the race at Hockenheim won by Alonso .	Lewis Hamilton fastest in both opening practice sessions for Hungary GP Rain hits afternoon session as Hamilton dominates in McLaren Seven-time champion Michael Schumacher crashes in second session Fernando Alonso leads title race going into the mid season break
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York Gov. David Paterson has chosen Democratic Congresswoman Kirsten Gillibrand to succeed Hillary Clinton as U.S. Senator from New York , multiple Democratic sources told CNN Friday . Rep. Kirsten Gillibrand has been picked to succeed Hillary Clinton as U.S. Senator from New York , sources say . Gillibrand , 42 , represents New York 's traditionally Republican 20th district . She is a member of the Blue Dog Coalition , a group of congressional Democrats who hold more conservative views than their liberal Democratic counterparts . She is an outspoken advocate for gun rights , and she supports an extension of the Bush tax cuts . She has been endorsed by the National Rifle Association . She also has a 100 percent rating from the American Civil Liberties Union . Paterson must appoint a replacement for Clinton , who was sworn in as President Obama 's secretary of state Wednesday . A special election will be held in 2010 for the remaining two years of Clinton 's term . Paterson will formally announce his decision at a noon press conference in Albany , New York . The final decision was made around 2 a.m. . It came down to Gillibrand and Randi Weingarten , the dark horse candidate who is president of the United Federation of Teachers . Among the considerations Paterson used in selecting Gillibrand were that she is a woman and she is from upstate New York , sources said . Both those factors could help Paterson when he runs for election as governor next year . A Paterson spokeswoman , Erin Duggan , would not comment on the reports . "  The governor is making his announcement at noon today , and that is the only comment we are making at this time , " Duggan said early Friday . Caroline Kennedy , seen as a favorite to fill the vacant seat , withdrew her name from consideration Wednesday , citing personal reasons . New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo and U.S. Reps. Carolyn Maloney and Steve Israel also have been mentioned as possible appointees . Watch who is in contention for the Senate seat " Gillibrand was elected to the House of Representatives in 2006 , unseating Republican John Sweeney . In the 1990s , she worked as a lawyer for the Department of Housing and Urban Development during Cuomo 's tenure as housing secretary in the Clinton administration . She was one of dozens of Democrats who joined House Republicans in voting against the Bush administration 's $ 700 billion bailout of the financial industry in October , arguing the plan lacked proper oversight . Kennedy , 51 , cited personal reasons for her decision not to continue pursuing the Senate seat , but Paterson had no intention of appointing her , a source close to the governor told CNN . Paterson did not think Kennedy was "  ready for prime time , " citing her efforts , at times awkward , to try to win the appointment , the source told CNN . "  She clearly has no policy experience and could n't handle the pressure , " said the source , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation . "  Why would he pick her given how badly she handled herself in recent weeks ? " A Kennedy ally , though , denied Kennedy had any indication Paterson was leaning against choosing her to fill out Clinton 's term . Kennedy had been very public in expressing her interest in the seat by meeting with state and community leaders throughout New York . "  The governor considers Caroline a friend and knows she will continue to serve New York well inside or outside of government , " a statement from the governor 's office read . "  We wish her well in all her future endeavors . "	Governor will name U.S. Rep. Kirsten Gillibrand , sources say David Paterson to announce choice at noon Friday Gillibrand is conservative Democrat who opposed financial industry bailout Appointee will fill out remainder of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's term
CNN  -- Why only reach back to right a wrong from a half-century ago ? Why not correct a travesty that is occurring right now ? I direct this question to President Barack Obama , who in March will award the Medal of Honor -- the nation 's highest military honor for valor -- to a group of 24 veterans , only three still living , who should have been given the commendation decades ago . The men , who served over three wars , performed as heroes on the battlefield . But for 19 of the 24 , the nation failed them . They had been passed over because of discrimination in the ranks . The belated recognition is a wonderful gesture . But there is something more Obama should do . The nation owes a Medal of Honor to Sgt. Rafael Peralta , a 25-year-old Marine from San Diego who died on November 15 , 2004 , when , according to many accounts , he smothered a grenade in Falluja , Iraq . He came to the United States as an immigrant from Mexico , and joined the Marines on the day he received his green card . Absorbing a grenade blast to save other soldiers is the very definition of valor . It all but guarantees the Medal of Honor . This was true for three other heroes : 22-year-old Marine Cpl. Jason L. Dunham , who died this way on April 22 , 2004 , in Karabilah , Iraq ; 19-year-old Army Pvt. Ross McGinnis , who died in Baghdad on December 4 , 2006 ; and 25-year-old Navy SEAL Michael A. Monsoor , who died in Ramadi , Iraq , on September 29 , 2006 . In Peralta 's case , before the Marine covered the grenade , he had been shot in the head . And that fact fuels a debate . There are those who believe that Peralta should not receive the Medal of Honor , claiming that the gunshot killed him instantly , and so he was already dead when he covered the grenade . That would make the smothering of the explosive an involuntary action that would not constitute heroism . That group includes the last three secretaries of defense . Recently , the Pentagon announced that it will not reopen the nomination for Peralta . According to a news release , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and the Defense Department concluded that the evidence did not meet the "  beyond a reasonable doubt " standard necessary for the Medal of Honor . Nevertheless , many disagree . Those who think that Peralta should get the Medal of Honor acknowledge that the Marine sergeant was shot but , point to assertions by a neurologist , two neurosurgeons and the surgeon for Peralta 's battalion that the bullet was traveling at such a low velocity that it did not kill him instantly . They assert that he was able to reach out , scoop up the grenade , and place it under his body . That it was a conscious decision to give up his life to save comrades , and that it does amount to heroism . I 've looked at this case for several years and written about it numerous times . I 'm in Camp No. 2 . I believe Peralta deserves the Medal of Honor . This is also the point of view of the entire California congressional delegation , which pushed the Pentagon for years to reopen the nomination .  Republican Rep. Duncan Hunter , himself a Marine combat veteran who presumably knows a thing or two about valor , led the push .  And it 's also the view of Texas pathologist Vincent Di Maio , an independent forensic expert who looked at the evidence and reached a different conclusion than the one arrived at by the Pentagon . And , it 's the opinion of the Marine Corps , the U.S. Navy and U.S. Central Command . Furthermore , it is also the point of view of the real experts on what happened that day in Falluja : Peralta 's comrades in Alpha Company , most of who joined the campaign for the Medal of Honor . They were there . And they do n't need some bureaucrat behind a desk in Washington or some political appointee to tell them what happened . They saw it with their own eyes . Initially , all seven said they witnessed Peralta scoop up the grenade and sacrifice himself , and that it 's because of that act of valor that they came home to their families , to weddings and children 's birthday parties and anniversaries But the Washington Post last week reported that two former Marines who were with Peralta on the day he died have broken ranks with their colleagues . At least one is recanting his earlier statements . The two former Marines claim that the narrative about what happened that day advanced by the other Marines is not true , and that it was concocted by the rest of the squad to honor Peralta 's memory . They insist that the grenade exploded near Peralta but not underneath him . One of the former Marines , 30-year-old Davi Allen , who was close enough to Peralta to be wounded in the blast , spent years advancing the other version , and now he claims the new version is the truth . Was he not telling the truth then , or is he not telling it now ? Both Rep. Hunter and the Peralta family have challenged the Washington Post article , which they insist contains inaccuracies and factual omissions . While admitting in a letter to the Post that the eyewitness accounts "  have always differed , " Hunter accused the newspaper of ignoring "  the full body of evidence " and inaccurately describing the situation that day in Falluja . Moreover , according to Politico , the allegation that Peralta 's fellow Marines concocted an alternate narrative had already been reported in the Marine Corps Times . Yet a colonel assigned to investigate the case found no evidence to back up that claim . It comes down to whom you believe . This much everyone seems to agree on : Those in the Corps used to call Peralta "  a Marine 's Marine . " It sounds like it . There is one more member of the Peralta Fan Club , an expected one : The Pentagon . In 2008 , as pressure started to mount , Defense Secretary Robert Gates offered the Peralta family a consolation prize : the Navy Cross . The citation read : "  Without hesitation and with complete disregard for his own personal safety , Sgt. Peralta reached out and pulled the grenade to his body . That 's right -- the very thing that his supporters have insisted all along . So the Defense Department adopts different narratives depending on the commendation ? That makes no sense . The Peralta family turned down the Navy Cross , and held out for the Medal of Honor . It never came . President Obama , you do n't have to look back a half-century to find a miscarriage of justice in our armed forces . Here is a perfect example . Now , do the right thing , and give a hero the recognition he deserves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Sgt. Rafael Peralta , who died in Iraq , deserves the Medal of Honor He says Peralta , by many accounts , smothered a grenade to save comrades Some said Peralta , who was shot , could n't have done it consciously Navarrette : Many , including his comrades , think he deserves the medal
CNN  -- In a scene unfolding in many Latino communities throughout the country , the graduation ceremony at Garcia High School in Chicago was especially celebratory Saturday : 20 % of the graduating seniors are illegal immigrants who can now put their education to use with work permits authorized by President Obama 's new immigration rules . "  What the president did this week was an amazing gift to me and other students who are undocumented , " graduating senior Andrea Labra , 18 , told CNN . "  It 's just an emotional thing to have the same opportunities that other students have and that we did n't have just because we did n't have papers , " added Labra , who was born in Mexico and came to the United States at age 5 with her family . For the class of 2012 , the routine tossing of mortarboards in the air was more emotional than anticipated , said classmate Rodrigo Espinoza , 18 , who 's also an undocumented immigrant from Mexico . His family brought him to the United States when he was 3 months old . "  It 's so unexpected , " Espinoza said of Obama 's executive order , announced Friday . "  It 's like a dream . I can finally do something with my life now . " Espinoza is going to study bio-engineering on a scholarship at the University of Illinois at Chicago . He wants to find a cure for cancer , he said . "  I 'm determined to do it now that I have a chance to do it , " said Espinoza , who will be the first one in his family to go to college . As an honors graduate , a yellow sash topped his blue cap and gown . "  This is going to change my life . It was a life-changing experience for all of us and for my family , " he added about the new immigration rules announced Friday . Juan Rangel , the leader of Chicago 's largest Hispanic advocacy organization that runs Hector P. Garcia High and 10 other city charter schools , said the White House announcement was "  a high note for the graduating ceremony . " "  It 's a timely announcement , and it 's coming at the end of the school year , " Rangel said . In a measure that a Pew Hispanic Center analysis said could benefit up to 1.4 million children and young adults , the Obama administration said it will offer work permits to illegal immigrants younger than age 30 who came to the United States before age 16 and meet certain criteria . Participants must be in the United States now and be able to prove they have been living in the country continuously for at least five years . The centerpiece of the Obama measure grants illegal immigrants a two-year deferral from deportation if they pose no criminal or security threat , and were successful students or served in the military , administration officials said . The change is part of a Department of Homeland Security effort to target resources at illegal immigrants who pose a greater threat , such as criminals and those trying to enter the country now , officials said . For many educators and school leaders across the nation , the new program means undocumented immigrant students can come out of the shadows and underground economy of society and participate legally in the U.S. work force , Rangel said . Equally important , teachers and principals now have an answer to illegal immigrant students who have asked "  what 's the point ? " about pursuing a higher education , Rangel said . "  At some point these kids ask themselves the question : they work hard , they get the good grades , but what 's the point of going to a university if they ca n't work ? " said Rangel , chief executive officer of the United Neighborhood Organization , which operates 11 charter schools in Chicago serving 5,500 students . He 's also president of the UNO Charter School Network . "  It 's almost like a leap of faith that we have asked of these kids : Something is bound to happen , and you ca n't give up at this point . That leap of faith has been answered , and it opens a whole new horizon for these kids , " he said . Labra was on the brink of greeting such an opening . "  The emotions that go through me to think that one day when I graduate from college that I might become a doctor or teacher and that I 'll be able to do it without having to go anywhere else -- I thought I would have to go back where I came from , " Labra told CNN . Her parents were equally elated about the graduates ' new possibilities . "  I 'm so overwhelmed , " her mother , Yolanda , told CNN . "  I 'm very thankful for everything . We have faith that their dreams are going to be realized . " "  It 's great that the students are going to have this opportunity " to work , said Juan Labra . Andrea Labra said she 's going to save money for a four-year college by first attending the two-year Harold Washington College , one of the City Colleges of Chicago . She plans on majoring in biology and wants to become a science or biology teacher . Twenty-one of Garcia High School 's 107 graduates are undocumented immigrants -- a figure that 's not too surprising because the school is located in a Mexican immigrant community in the Archer Heights neighborhood on Chicago 's southwest side , Rangel said . The school is 99 % Latino , with a 93 % poverty rate , but 97 % of the graduates are going to college on academic scholarships totaling $ 4.7 million , Rangel said . Obama 's executive order addresses a major concern of the nation 's burgeoning Hispanic community -- now the nation 's No. 2 group under the 2010 census -- and mimics some of the provisions of a Democratic proposal called the DREAM Act , which has failed to win enough Republican support to gain congressional approval . Both Obama and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano cautioned Friday that the order is not a pathway to citizenship and urged Congress to pass the DREAM Act . The Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors -- or DREAM -- Act would create a path to citizenship for immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children under the age of 16 and have lived in the United States for at least five years ; obtained a high school or General Education Development diploma ; demonstrated "  good moral character " ; and have n't committed crimes that "  would make them inadmissible to the country , " according to a White House fact sheet .	President Obama 's new immigration rules praised at Chicago high school graduation 20 % of the students in Garcia High 's Class of 2012 are illegal immigrants "  What the president did this week was an amazing gift , " an illegal immigrant student says "  It 's like a dream . I can finally do something with my life now , " another says
It was a Friday evening in February when Adrian Vasquez , an 18-year-old from the town of Rio Hato , Panama , accepted an invitation from two friends to accompany them on what was proposed as an overnight fishing expedition . Their plan , according to Vasquez 's mother , Nilsa de la Cruz , "  was to return the following morning . On February 24 , they left from Ensenada Beach in the town of San Carlos aboard a small fishing boat . " But the following morning came and went without their return , and the Vasquez family started looking for the 18-year-old and his friends . Arnaldo Vasquez , the teen 's father and a hotel worker , asked fishermen to search for them along the shore from which they had departed , and his mother prayed at home with relatives and friends . Soon after , the Panamanian navy joined the search , sending ships and airplanes to look for Vasquez , Oropeces Betancourt , 24 , and Fernando Osorio ,16 . For nearly a month , their fate remained a mystery . But on March 21 , fishermen spotted the boat , the Fifty Cents , adrift north of the Galapagos Islands , nearly 600 miles from where it had launched . After being alerted by the fishermen , the Ecuadorian navy rescued the lone crew member . In a statement , Rear Adm. Freddy Garcia Calle said Vasquez showed "  severe signs of dehydration and lack of nutrition . " He said the survivor had thrown his friends ' bodies into the ocean "  because they had become badly decomposed . " Vasquez returned Tuesday to Panama City on a commercial flight . According to his mother , he had lost 20 pounds . "  After 28 days of anguish , after praying to God that he be found alive ... this is indeed a miracle , " de la Cruz said . She said her son told her the fishing trip had started out well . The three caught plenty of fish . But the boat 's engine died without warning and , with no tools and scant navigational experience , there was little the trio could do , de la Cruz told CNN . Soon , currents had swept their boat out into the Pacific , far from the coast . De la Cruz said they ate raw fish and drank rainwater . She did not detail how the other two died . The Ecuadorian navy has said it is not investigating the deaths and considers the incident a rescue operation . De la Cruz described an emotional reunion Tuesday at the airport in Panama City , where relatives hugged Vasquez and cried tears of joy . He was taken to his home in Rio Hato , in Panama 's Cocl province , southwest of the capital . Reached Wednesday by phone , de la Cruz said her son "  has been sleeping a lot . We do n't want to ask him any questions because we know he 's traumatized . He 's surrounded by the family . We 're loving on him and trying to help him feel better . We 're going to take him to a psychologist tomorrow . " De la Cruz said her son is "  a very loving and hardworking young man " who enjoys spending time with his brothers and loves soccer . She said the family is taking one day at a time and trying to support her son . "  For us , this is an opportunity to get closer as a family , to be more understanding and loving , " she said .	Three friends set out on a fishing trip on February 24 from San Carlos , Panama The boat 's engine died ; it was found adrift in the Pacific some 600 miles away Adrian Vasquez survived on raw fish and rainwater , his mother says His friends died , and he had to dispose of their decomposing bodies , she says
Beijing  CNN  -- Hold the shark 's fin soup . Cancel the elaborate pre-Chinese New Year parties . Those are some of the new directives from Beijing now being relayed to government officials across China . "  We used to get together for a big banquet before the New Year holidays , " a local official told me last week . "  No more . Even in obligatory official banquets , we are also banned from serving dishes like sharks fin , bird 's nest and all that stuff . " And who is telling you that , I inquired . "  The Number One , " he replied , nodding his head . In the past four decades that I 've lived and worked in China , dining has always been a big part of my social and professional activities . In China , like anywhere , one of the best ways to know people and conduct business is to share a meal . I have enjoyed sharing luscious -- and not necessarily expensive -- meals with Chinese friends and associates . I particularly love dumplings , Peking duck and spicy Sichuanese food . I have also eaten and drunk my way through many of the government 's traditional 12-course banquets , which sometimes left me dyspeptic and dizzy . In that sense , at least , it 's good news that Beijing is slashing the bureaucrat 's entertainment budget and scaling back on ostentatious banquet binges . It 's about time . But not all in China are pleased . Many restaurants , shops , spas and recreation centers that have largely banked on government-sponsored spending sprees -- especially during holidays -- are hurting badly . "  Our business is down this year , " Tony Chang , a Beijing restauranteur , told me . "  Many of our usual customers from government agencies have canceled their Chinese New Year banquets . We 're down by nearly half . " Wang Lisheng , an employee at a "  recreation village " in suburban Beijing , recalled receiving over 30 groups of customers from state-owned enterprises in January last year . As of last month they have only had a few individual customers . "  What has been affected is not just the food business , " wrote the Southern Weekly newspaper in a commentary entitled "  The Disappearing Evening Banquet . " "  The banquet has created a complete chain , and all the other related industries will be affected if the banquet shrinks . " But some do not think the changes will be lasting . "  This is what officials usually do after they take up office , " wrote a micro-blogger on Weibo , China 's micro-blogging site . "  The society will relapse in three years , and then those officials will be even more greedy and corrupt to compensate for what they lost . Famished wolves will never become vegetarians . " This , analysts say , may be just a "  new guard , new policy " scenario . "  Xin guan shang ren san ba huo , " a new broom sweeps clean , so says the the Chinese saying . Since Xi Jinping , 59 , took over as the paramount leader of China in November , he has rolled out a raft of decrees aimed at changing the leaders ' "  working style . " "  Compared with their predecessors , the new leaders seem to show more sophistication , confidence and ambition , " said Wenfang Tang , a political science professor at the University of Iowa . "  They want to give unscripted speeches and hold shorter meetings . They call for the realization of ` the Chinese dream ' or China 's renaissance . " Xi has pledged to curb ostentatious displays among officials . Last week he ordered a ban on television advertisements selling bling . He has also banned the unnecessary use of red carpets and banners during meetings . He has even threatened to scrap sacrosanct perks , like the road-clogging motorcades and traffic controls arranged for leaders . "  Such a working style must first start with the members of the Politburo , " read a statement of the Politburo , the Communist Party 's top policy-making body , issued just two weeks after Xi 's ascension . "  If you want people to do something , then do it yourself first ; if you do n't want somebody to do something , then certainly do not do it yourself . " Analysts say the statement reflected Xi 's desire to win back trust in the government . The recent cost-cutting reforms , analysts say , are meant to remind officials to stick to business and cut back on the perks . "  Xi 's directive to officials to improve their work style and decrease their pomp and privileges is a challenge to the system , resonating with public anger and giving voice to public frustration , " said China analyst and author Robert Lawrence Kuhn . The list of public grievances is long , including rampant graft and corruption , environmental degradation and the growing gap between the rich and the poor . China this week approved sweeping income distribution reforms to make state-owned enterprises and the rich pay more in taxes . The government pledged to double the average real income of urban and rural residents by 2020 from the 2010 level . Many Chinese cities are poised to increase workers ' minimum wage -- in southern Guangdong province , as much as 14 % starting in May -- to put more disposable income into the hands of more Chinese . The goal : to boost domestic consumption and narrow the gap between the rich and the poor . Will Xi 's gambit work , and will it last ? It 's too early to say . Still , analysts give Xi credit for trying . "  For Xi to do so much so quickly to differentiate the new generation of leaders from the previous one is quite startling , unprecedented in a one-party political system that claims no-surprise , long-term continuity as a virtue , " explained Kuhn . He says Xi has no choice but to back change . "  Reform is change , and change is risk , " he explained . "  But in China now , perhaps for the first time , the risk of not reforming is higher than the risk of reforming . Xi Jinping knows this . " Wang Bo contributed to this report .	New leader Xi Jinping rolls out decrees aimed at changing officials ' working style Officials across China are told to stop hosting elaborate banquets , celebrations Analysts say the statement reflects Xi 's desire to win back trust in the government Public discontent growing over rampant corruption , growing gap between rich and poor
When Shakira became the first Colombian this week to get her name on a world-renowned monument to the entertainment industry -- the Hollywood Walk of Fame -- the 34-year-old recording artist recalled what her mother told her at age 7 . "  One day , Shaki , your name will be here , " her mother said when the two and a family friend visited Hollywood for the first time 27 years ago . For Shakira , the star marked a personal triumph -- as an artist and a Latina . "  If by coincidence you happen to look down to the ground and you see this star , remember that it belongs to each one of you , because it carries the name of a Hispanic woman that , like you , dreams and works and works and dreams every day , " Shakira said during a public ceremony on Hollywood Boulevard , with her mom and the same friend present . As the latest celebrity to get a terrazzo star , trimmed with bronze , on the sidewalks of Hollywood , Shakira joins a small but growing rank of minority performers making a dent in an overall industry that some criticize as not inviting enough to African-Americans , Latinos and Asians . In fact , of the 2,354 stars on Hollywood sidewalks , only 3.4 % of them belong to Hispanics such as Shakira , a CNN analysis shows . The figure is 5.1 % for African-Americans and a mere 0.4 % for Asians , according to an analysis of the stars on the Walk of Fame . Those figures fall short when compared with those minorities ' representation in the nation 's overall population : 16 % for Hispanics , 13 % for African-Americans and about 5 % for Asians . List : Minority celebs on Walk of Fame To be sure , the Walk of Fame functions as a commercial attraction and publicity device , but given the international attention it receives whenever a prominent artist such as Shakira receives a star , the Walk is also a major indicator of industry trends and success . Hollywood analysts say they are n't surprised at how the Walk lacks minorities , though its sponsor and operator , the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce , says it has been working hard to improve diversity in an attraction that stretches for blocks throughout Hollywood . "  The numbers are low , " said Andrew Weaver , an Indiana University assistant professor in the department of telecommunications and an expert in race and media . "  The Walk of Fame reflects what we 're seeing in Hollywood in general . " Hollywood 's overall shortcomings in including more minorities -- and representing them as more than stereotypes -- are a longstanding problem that has been roundly decried by minority advocacy groups and many performers . Still , the chamber says its committee that selects star honorees balances numerous factors in its annual process , including race , gender , nationality , genre of performance and industry type . The 2,354 stars on the Walk line both sides of Hollywood Boulevard and Vine Street -- the heart of Hollywood -- and the chamber 's annual 24 or so induction ceremonies are broadcast around the world . "  We are equal opportunity star givers ! " Leron Gubler , president and CEO of the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce , said in a written response to questions from CNN . The stars honor celebrities in five categories : motion pictures , television , radio , recording and live theater/performance . "  The committee tries to select candidates from each of the five categories , so with all of the different factors as well as the makeup of who has been nominated , it is a challenge to balance all factors , " Gubler said . "  Since day one , we have encouraged minorities to apply , " Gubler said about the Walk , which opened in 1961 . "  When the Walk of Fame was created , some of the first stars included Anna May Wong , Dolores Del Rio , Cantinflas , Hattie McDaniel and many others . The committee does try to ensure that minorities are represented in the selections , but there is no set mandatory ratio . " A CNN analysis bears out Gubler 's assertions and shows an upward trend of minority representation on the Walk over recent decades . Latinos grew from 1.9 % in 1980 , 2.2 % in 1990 , 2.8 % in 2000 , to 3.2 % in 2010 . African-Americans showed similar growth : 1.6 % in 1980 , 2.3 % in 1990 , 4.7 % in 2000 and 5.1 % in 2010 . Asians posted marginal increases : 0.20 % in 1980 , 0.22 % in 1990 , 0.41 % in 2000 , and 0.43 % in 2010 . On one level , the Walk is a marketing tool . "  The Hollywood Walk of Fame is undoubtedly one of the most successful marketing ideas ever produced , " the chamber touts on its website . The marketing aspect -- in which a celebrity sometimes gets a star timed with the release of a new project -- is partly reflected in how the chamber requires a $ 30,000 "  sponsorship fee , " often paid by a studio , recording label or even a group of fans , chamber officials said . The fee is for the lifetime maintenance of the star , its production , a replica plaque and ceremony costs , officials said . "  Of course , it 's a promotional tool . That 's why studios and networks look for it , " Hollywood publicist Michael Levine said . Still , the selection process is a serious-minded affair , according to the Walk 's gatekeepers . A star is awarded after a lengthy process in which hundreds of nomination applications are sent to the Hollywood chamber , and then its Walk of Fame committee selects the winners , with the approval of the chamber 's board of directors . The names also are submitted to the city of Los Angeles ' Board of Public Works Department . Sometimes , several annual nominations must be made before a nominee finally receives a star , chamber officials said . The chamber has other criteria for who gets a star : professional achievement , longevity of five years or more , contributions to the community and the guarantee that the celebrity will attend the dedication ceremony . An honoree also has to agree to be nominated , which may be a factor in why not all major celebrities have a star . Sometimes , a performer does n't want one , such as Julia Roberts . Other notable A-listers without one include George Lucas , Robert Redford , Angelina Jolie , Woody Allen and Leonardo DiCaprio . By the end of 2011 -- with a few more minority celebrities scheduled to be honored this year -- the Walk of Fame will have 77 stars overall given to Latinos , 119 stars to African-Americans or African-American ensembles  three of those performers -- Nat "  King " Cole , Lena Horne and Sarah Vaughn -- have a second star , but they are counted only once  , and only 10 stars to Asians , according to the chamber . When asked about the dearth of Asian artists on the Walk of Fame , Gubler stated : "  There have been relatively few nominations for Asian entertainers . Someone has to be nominated by a sponsor in order to be considered with a star . The issue must be pursued by a nominator . The committee can only consider from the pool of candidates that have been nominated . " A recent decade-by-decade analysis of the stars on the Walk of Fame shows that the 1990s were a boom decade for African-Americans , when 49 stars were awarded to them . During the 1980s , they secured 24 stars . From 2000 to the end of 2011 , the number will be 22 . Latinos , however , have prospered from 2000 to the end of 2011 : Nineteen stars were awarded , including four this year alone , according to a CNN analysis . That compares with 18 during the 1990s and 11 during the 1980s . Only one Asian -- actor Philip Ahn , who played wise Master Kan in the TV series "  Kung Fu " -- received a star in the 1980s . Five Asians received stars in the 1990s , but only one  Jackie Chan  has been placed on the Walk since 2000 , a CNN analysis shows . It was the recent success of Latinos that caught the attention of several Hollywood analysts . That trend comes as the 2010 U.S. Census put the burgeoning Latino population at the nation 's No. 2 racial group for the first time ever , displacing African-Americans . On Tuesday , two-time Grammy and seven-time Latin Grammy winner Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll -- known professionally as Shakira -- received a star for her accomplishments as a singer , songwriter , musician , record producer , dancer and philanthropist , the chamber said . It 's no secret that studios and record labels alike are hoping to find additional revenues in the rapidly growing Latino market . "  One of the ways to get Latinos into the movie theaters is getting Latino stars , " said Steven Ross , a University of Southern California history professor and author of "  Hollywood Left and Right : How Movie Stars Shaped American Politics . " "  Hollywood is also thinking about global markets : Central American and Latin markets . A majority of Hollywood revenue is coming from international revenue . It 's a much more significant part , more important to the studios ' bottom line now that it ever has been before , " Ross said . Still , Ross was n't surprised by the low minority representation on the Walk of Fame , he said . "  It 's probably appropriate to the history of Hollywood , which has mainly been playing to  a  mainstream audience , which is a white audience , " Ross said . "  Just remember , this is not the consciousness-raising industry . This is the money-making industry . They will always follow the money trail . If they see more Latinos going to movies , they 'll feature more Latino stars . " In the end , that reality may put more minorities in Hollywood -- and on its Walk of Fame . "  Very simple , " Ross said . "  More minority audiences , more minority stars . "	CNN analysis : Minorities are underrepresented on the Hollywood Walk of Fame "  The numbers are low , " one university expert says Of the 2,354 stars on Walk , only 5.1 % go to blacks and 3.4 % to Hispanics Asians have only 10 stars , or 0.4 %
CNN  -- Roger Federer 's reputation as one of the finest tennis players of all time was cemented on Monday , as the Swiss broke Pete Sampras ' record for the most number of weeks at the top of the world rankings . Federer returned to the No. 1 spot for the first time in over two years with a record-equaling seventh Wimbledon men 's singles triumph , a victory which was also gave him an unparalleled 17th grand slam title . The 30-year-old has now spent 287 weeks at the summit since turning pro in 1998 , one more than 14-time grand slam winner Sampras managed between 1993 and 2000 . By comparison , Steffi Graf holds the women 's record total of 377 weeks at No. 1 , with Martina Navratilova second on 332 . "  It is really an amazing feeling for me to have regained the No. 1 ranking , " Federer said on the ATP Tour website . "  I had set a goal with my team to try to get back to the top of the rankings , but I never thought with the depth in the game this year that I would have been able to get it back so quickly . "  I am extremely proud and honored to have beaten Pete 's record as he was my childhood hero and I have always looked up to him . " Sampras , who retired in 2002 , congratulated Federer on his achievement . "  Great effort . The hardest thing to do in sports is the ability to stay on top . Roger has been able to do so by great play and durability , " the American said . Behind Federer and Sampras on the list are eight-time grand slam winners Ivan Lendl  270 weeks  and Jimmy Connors  268 weeks  while John McEnroe , a winner of seven major titles , was at the top for 170 weeks . Federer is "  the greatest ever tennis player " Despite dropping out of the top three in October 2011 , Federer has still maintained his incredible run of reaching 33 grand slam semifinals in a row stretching back to the 2004 French Open . Federer spent a record 237 consecutive weeks at No. 1 between February 2004 and August 2008 , whereas Sampras only managed 102 weeks in a row . One record Federer is yet to claim is that of the oldest man to win a major . Andre Agassi achieved that feat by winning the 2003 Australian Open at the age of 33 years and 131 days . In the women 's game , Wimbledon champion Serena Williams equaled older sister Venus ' total of 43 WTA Tour titles by beating fellow American Coco Vandeweghe in Sunday 's final of the Bank of The West Classic in California . The dominant Williams sisters now share the record for the most tournaments won by players still active . The 30-year-old Serena has won 28 of her last 29 matches and is now joint sixth on the all-time list of WTA Tour title winners . The legendary Czech Martina Navratilova tops the list with 167 titles , ahead of American Chris Evert with 154 . Germany 's Graf , the wife of Agassi , has 107 , while Lindsay Davenport of the U.S. collected 55 titles during her career . The Williams sisters are level with Switzerland 's Martina Hingis and Justine Henin of Belgium . For former world No. 1 Serena , her recent run of form comes off the back of a 2011 season which was blighted by life-threatening blood clots on her lung . "  I 've never felt this fit , this strong , this happy to play -- and I think I can be even better , " fourth-ranked Williams told the WTA Tour 's website after her 7-5 6-3 win over the 20-year-old Vandeweghe , who made it into the main draw as a lucky loser from qualifying . "  I want to sustain this momentum and build on what I did at Wimbledon . I 'm going to get back on the grass now for the Olympics -- I 'm not sure when I 'm heading back to London , but I 'll do it as soon as I can . " Williams will be looking to win her third gold medal in the British capital , after clinching the doubles title alongside Venus at the 2000 and 2008 Games .	Roger Federer surpasses Pete Sampras ' number of weeks at world No. 1 Wimbledon champion Federer has now topped the rankings for 287 weeks in his career Serena Williams equals Venus ' total of 43 WTA Tour titles The dominant sisters are now sixth on the all-time list of most WTA Tour wins
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council on Wednesday issued a statement condemning the Syrian government 's crackdown on protesters and calling for an immediate end to violence by all parties . "  The Security Council condemns the widespread violations of human rights and the use of force against civilians by the Syrian authorities , " the eight-paragraph statement says . It further calls for "  all sides to act with utmost restraint , and to refrain from reprisals , including attacks against state institutions . " The statement says those responsible for the violence should be held accountable but offers no suggestion that foreign intervention is being considered . "  The Security Council reaffirms its strong commitment to the sovereignty , independence , and territorial integrity of Syria , " it says . "  It stresses that the only solution to the current crisis in Syria is through an inclusive and Syrian-led political process , with the aim of effectively addressing the legitimate aspirations and concerns of the population which will allow the full exercise of fundamental freedoms for its entire population , including that of expression and peaceful assembly . " Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who is to update the council on the situation in Syria within seven days , welcomed the statement . "  The world has watched the deteriorating situation in Syria with the most profound concern , but the events of the past few days have been brutally shocking , " he told reporters . "  Once again , I call on President  Bashar al -  Assad and the Syrian authorities to immediately cease all violence against their people , to fully respect human rights and implement reforms that they have already announced . " He further urged Damascus to comply with the Security Council 's demand that international humanitarian organizations be granted unimpeded access to affected areas . "  Those responsible should be held to account , " he said . He praised the 15-nation Security Council for speaking out "  with one voice and condemning all this violence and asking them to take necessary measures " after long discussions on the matter . But Lebanon 's ambassador , Caroline Ziade , said her country , which is Syria 's neighbor , dissociated itself from the statement . However , Lebanon chose not to block the measure , as it could have done . Resolutions usually carry with them some sort of action . Presidential statements are simply unanimous on-the-record positions . Though a resolution would have been more significant than the presidential statement , U.S. diplomats said they were glad the United Nations had taken a stance . U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice called the statement "  long overdue . " She added that she hoped Damascus will "  be chastened by the strength and the unity of the condemnation . " About Lebanon 's reaction , she said , "  The Lebanese allowed this council to speak with one voice . It was a unanimous statement by the Security Council and we do n't view their statement after the fact as in any way undermining that unity . " The statement came on the third consecutive day of talks in New York to address the crisis , which a White House spokesman called "  grotesque and appalling . " Conflict continued Wednesday in Syria , where residents of the western city of Hama said security forces were brazenly advancing into the heart of the city , a center of discontent and a bastion of anti-government protest , where violence has persisted for days . The city , which has seen massive demonstrations by anti-government protesters in Friday demonstrations , was the site of the 1982 bloody crackdown by the Alawite-dominated government against a Muslim Brotherhood uprising . Hama is under siege by security forces amid a military offensive , according to the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , and witnesses said communications have been shut off amid the military push . "  There is a big , ongoing military operation , " said the observatory 's Rami Abdul-Rahman . His group monitors the unrest in Syria through many contacts on the ground , and his sources report hearing explosions and seeing plumes of smoke . "  There are great concerns of a massacre in the city . " "  The human situation is very bad , " said a witness from an opposition movement who said he was in the center of Hama and asked not to be named for security reasons . Security forces killed four people after evening prayers on Wednesday , according to the observatory group . One death occurred in the southwestern town of Nawa , in Daraa province , one in the central city of Palmyra , and two in Damascus , the group said . Wednesday 's death toll could rise . Corpses were seen on the ground after tanks occupied parts of central Hama amid heavy shelling , said a resident who fled the city . Dozens more people have been killed in Hama and other Syrian cities in recent days , rights groups have said . Residents said the city is running short on food . Power and water are scarce and residents said they fear a humanitarian crisis . Across Hama , intermittent gunfire and shelling rang out , helicopters whirled overhead and government snipers took positions , making it difficult for people to venture out , residents said . Security forces also have launched a series of raids and detentions in the Khaldiyeh neighborhood of Homs , another western city , and dozens of people have been detained in the area , the scene of marches by anti-government protesters . In the coastal city of Latakia , a 9-year-old girl was killed by sniper fire as she was getting off a bus with her mother , the observatory said . Security forces had been dispersing a demonstration at the time . The girl 's uncle was killed by security forces at the beginning of the crisis . Syria 's parliament plans to meet Sunday to discuss "  issues related to the homeland and citizens ' interests , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported Wednesday . CNN is unable to independently confirm death tolls or events in Syria , which has restricted access to the country by international journalists , including CNN 's . Since mid-March , anti-government protesters have taken to the streets across the whole country to demand reforms from or an end to the al-Assad 's regime . The death toll in Syria since its uprising began in mid-March has reached 2,003 , the observatory 's Abdul-Rahman said . The dead include 1,629 civilians and 374 Syrian security forces . The figure does n't include tolls from the Wednesday unrest in the city of Hama , where it is difficult confirming information because of the ongoing military offensive there . Activists blame the deaths of demonstrators on security forces , but the government has consistently attributed the violence to "  armed groups . " The violence has outraged world powers . Italy urged other European Union nations to follow its lead after recalling its ambassador in Damascus in light of the "  horrible repression of the civilian population , " the country 's foreign ministry said Tuesday . White House spokesman Jay Carney said al-Assad is "  completely incapable of dealing with " meeting the aspirations of his people and the administration views him as "  the cause of instability " and what he termed the "  grotesque and appalling " situation in Syria . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States is "  exploring broader sanctions that will isolate the Assad regime politically and deny it revenue with which to sustain its brutality . " Three U.S. senators plan to introduce legislation that would set down sanctions targeting Syria 's energy sector . Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , Mark Kirk , R-Illinois , and Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who caucuses with the Democrats , say they plan to introduce the Syria Sanctions Act of 2011 this week . "  Under this bill , the president would be called on to block access to the U.S. financial system , markets , and federal contracts for companies that invest in Syria 's energy sector , purchase the country 's oil , and sell gasoline to Syria , " the lawmakers said in a news release . CNN 's Richard Roth , Amir Ahmed , Yasmin Amer , Arwa Damon , Nada Husseini , Elise Labott and Joe Vaccarello contributed to this report .	Four deaths are reported Wednesday in Syria "  The Security Council condemns the widespread violations of human rights " More than 2,000 people have died , an activist group says A White House spokesman calls the situation "  grotesque "
CNN  -- Patience and persistence paid off for jockey Ryan Mania on Saturday as he helped Sue Smith to become only the third woman trainer to win Britain 's most famous -- and most controversial -- steeplechase , the Grand National . The Scottish jockey , having his first ride in the race , briefly quit horse racing during a frustrating 2011 season . But in a fairytale turnaround , the 23-year-old , who only returned to the saddle this winter , rode 66-1 outsider Auroras Encore to victory in the four-and-a-half-mile marathon . After an almost flawless run , the 11-year-old stormed home ahead of Cappa Bleu and Teaforthree in front of a 70,000 crowd in Liverpool , watched by an estimated 600 million television audience . "  I could n't have asked for a better ride and the old horse was loving it as well , " said Mania , after winning by nine lengths on a horse who had failed to finish three of his last seven starts and was well off the pace in the other four . Mania started working with 65-year-old Smith and her husband Harvey after a six-month hiatus when his former boss lost his training license . "  I could n't have come back without them , " he said . "  The opportunities for jockeys up north are very limited and I am lucky to have such a good yard behind me . " There was further welcome news for racing fans as it was confirmed that all 40 of the horses and riders to start the race returned home unscathed -- although only 17 of those completed the course . The annual Aintree event had been under intense scrutiny from animals rights groups after recent editions of the race had been marred by a high number of equine fatalities -- 11 since 2002 . That prompted race organizers to introduce a number of new safety measures this year , spending more than  # 1 million  $ 1.5 million  on alterations , including modifying the structure of the jumps themselves to make them safer and more forgiving and watering the ground the ensure going no faster than good-to-soft . However , there were two deaths in races in the first two days of this week 's meeting , prompting criticism from animal welfare groups . "  We are delighted there have been no fatalities in today 's big race , " Dr. Mark Kennedy from the World Society for the Protection of Animals told CNN on Saturday . "  The  earlier  deaths of the horses Battlefront and Little Josh reflects current risk of fatalities in steeplechasing which needs to be addressed as a matter of urgency . "  Horse deaths or fatalities at the Grand National are not freak accidents , but statistical probabilities . The risks prove to be high each year . We are not calling for a ban of the Grand National or a ban of horse racing , but merely to make the race safer for the horse and indeed the jockey . " In a nonetheless eventful race , on which in excess of  # 100 million  $ 150 million  was wagered by punters , Seabass , the 11-2 favorite and last year 's third-placer , ran well for Katie Walsh until running out of steam with a handful of fences to jump , eventually fading to 13th . She was seeking to become the first woman rider to win the race , but caused controversy in the buildup when she claimed it would have been "  a lot worse if two jockeys had lost their lives " in reference to the two fatalities at last year 's Grand National . Her brother Ruby , riding the second favorite On His Own , was a casualty at Valentine 's Brook , the 25th fence of 30 . But fortune did smile on swashbuckling amateur jockey Sam Waley-Cohen , who finished a creditable fourth on Oscar Time , the runner-up in 2011 .	Auroras Encore defies the odds to win Saturday 's Grand National at Aintree Ryan Mania rides the 66-1 outsider to victory in jockey 's debut appearance Only 17 of 40 entrants complete race , but no repeat of last year 's two horse deaths However , two horses died following races earlier in the three-day meeting
CNN  -- A blogger who endured a four-year stint in an Egyptian prison for his writings has been released , saying he was jailed for defying convention . Abdel Kareem Nabil -- known by his blogger name , Kareem Amer -- is a self-proclaimed secularist who was convicted and imprisoned by Egypt for "  spreading information disruptive of public order and damaging to the country 's reputation , " "  incitement to hate Islam " and "  defaming the president of the republic , " according to a statement from the Committee to Protect Journalists . The former law student at Cairo 's Al-Azhar University is a critic of conservative Muslims and has accused his school of promoting extremist ideas , calling Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak a "  dictator , " it said . Nabil was released from prison November 16 . The now famous blogger said he was jailed because he challenged tradition . "  There are things we inherit without even thinking about them , " Nabil said . "  I tried to change my way of thinking . "  I tried to read what was forbidden in our house , things written by people who in my home and in religious institutions are considered infidels . " Nabil had at times been kept in solitary confinement , largely prohibited from communicating with his lawyers until late January , according to an Amnesty International statement . His time in prison has rendered him a cause celebre among bloggers and other advocates of free expression . But the former law student is not the only blogger to be arrested for expressing controversial views in Egypt . In January , police detained Al-Jazeera producer Howayda Taha Matwali after her work on a documentary that examined alleged torture in Egyptian police stations , the statement said . An Egyptian court found Matwali guilty of "  harming Egypt 's national interest " and "  falsely depicting events , " sentencing her in absentia to six months in prison , it said . Others , like Egyptian blogger Wael Abbas , say they have faced cyber attacks from state security for years . "  There are troubles that start online , " he said . Abbas blames the Egyptian government for "  trying to hack your website , trying to block it , trying to disable your account by sending fake reports that you 're posting inappropriate material like they did with my you-tube , with my email , with my facebook . " While the internet is among few spaces where Egyptians can express themselves freely , it is far from risk-free . Upon his release , Nabil told reporters that police officers beat him just before he left prison , sending him off with a warning not to blog again .	A blogger who endured a stint in an Egyptian prison for his writings has been freed The former law student at Cairo 's Al-Azhar University is a critic of conservative Muslims He said his former school promoted extremism ; he called Egyptian president a dictator
CNN  -- In "  The Internship , " co-stars Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson share the screen with a somewhat demanding co-star : Google . The comedy , which hits theaters Friday , is about two middle-age watch salesmen who overcome career obsolescence and a complete lack of tech savvy to join Google 's internship program in hopes of scoring a job at the giant tech company . Based on early reports , the movie is also a valentine of sorts to Google , which cooperated with the filmmakers to portray the company in an accurate and flattering light onscreen . Google 's campus in Mountain View , California , is shown as an idyllic place where employees blow off steam playing volleyball  true  , riding bikes  true  and enjoying delicious free food  also true  . Google products appear frequently and favorably throughout the movie , co-founder Sergey Brin makes a cameo appearance , and the company 's mission is unquestioningly depicted as doing good in the world . "  I think the reason why we got involved in that is that computer science has a marketing problem , " explained Google co-founder Larry Page at a Google conference last month . "  We 're the nerdy curmudgeons . " The filmmakers approached Google about making the movie after Vaughn was inspired by a "  60 Minutes " segment on the Google campus , director Shawn Levy told Reuters . A Google spokesperson told CNN that the company saw the movie as a good way to expose people to the company 's "  do no evil " culture and get more students interested in technology and computers -- a field that faces a shortage of qualified workers . All those good intentions aside , "  The Internship " is also an impressive piece of marketing . Google says no money was exchanged during the deal with the film 's makers , but the company was nonetheless very involved with the movie . Google allowed the film 's cast and crew to shoot for five days at the Googleplex headquarters , using 100 real Google employees as extras . The company also provided props and consulted with the director , actors and script writers on what it 's like to be a "  Googler "  a Google employee  . The company also offered insights into its fabled summer internship program , which accepted only 1,500 candidates this year from more than 40,000 applicants . "  Over two years , we answered their questions about Google products , allowed them to see a Noogler  new Googler  orientation , had them speak with our internship programs team to learn more about life at Google , " the Google spokesperson told CNN . Google also gave feedback on the script , including a request to remove a scene in which a Google self-driving car crashes . Google says it did n't mind the car being in the movie , but thought that scene was n't appropriate because "  the product had n't launched yet . " The filmmakers complied . Product placement Most of "  The Internship " was filmed not at Google but on the Atlanta campus of the Georgia Institute of Technology , where the film crew turned a shiny new student commons building into a replica of Google 's California headquarters . Even so , the Google brand -- Gmail , YouTube , Nexus tablets and so on -- appears extensively throughout the movie .  Google Glass , the company 's connected eyewear that 's currently being beta tested , is not in the film . Such product placement is increasingly common in Hollywood , which is always looking for ways to defray the escalating costs of film and TV production . Typically , there are two kinds of product placement : natural and paid . When a company pays to get its soda , car or website into a movie , the camera lingers on it lovingly for an extra moment . Think of the BMW car scenes in a James Bond movie or Peter Parker using Bing as his search engine in "  The Amazing Spiderman . " On TV , most of these more brazen product shots are usually thrown in for free as part of a larger ad buy deal . "  If -LSB- it 's -RSB- blatant and obvious enough that it 's taking you out of the story , there 's a pretty good chance that was a paid placement , " said Jon Holtzman , who was the director of worldwide brand marking for Apple in the 1980s and early 90s and started its product placement program . But brands do n't always have to pay , especially when their name is as respected as Google or Apple . Natural product placement is a more casual arrangement , where a company loans its products free of charge in the hopes of getting some exposure . They might provide the prop master on a TV show with gadgets that fit with a character . It saves the prop department work because they do n't have to get a legal team involved with clearing the rights needed to mention real brands , and it saves them money that would have been spent renting props . However , the companies have no say over how their products are used or worked into the plot . Apple has a very successful history with this kind of unpaid , natural product placement . In the '90s Sandra Bullock movie "  The Net , " the good guys are seen using Apple computers , the bad guys PCs . In "  Forrest Gump , " Tom Hanks ' character is seen opening an envelope from Apple that contains a large check after his buddy Lieutenant Dan invests money in a "  fruit company . " Hollywood vs. reality "  The Internship " blurs the line between the two types of placement . Google did n't pay 20th Century Fox , but in exchange for its cooperation , the filmmakers gave the company some control over how its products were shown onscreen . Even when companies do n't pay or have agreements that allow them to prescreen scripts or get final approval on how their product is depicted , it 's usually in the studio 's best interest to show a brand in a favorable light . "  They 'll go out of their way not to say something bad about it because they do n't want a lawsuit , " said Holtzman , whose company , Eclipse Worldwide , specializes in natural product placement . "  It 's sort of implicit that this stuff will not be seen in a negative fashion . " Even makers of 2010 's "  The Social Network , " a raw and often unflattering look at the origins of Facebook and its founder Mark Zuckerberg , worked with the company on some aspects of the film to sidestep lawsuits . Google did n't ask for any changes after seeing a final cut of "  The Internship , " despite a number of deviations from the original script -- and the fact that it sometimes strays from Google reality . For example , in the movie the interns are separated into teams that compete in various contests -- including the mythical Harry Potter sport of Quidditch -- to win full-time jobs at Google . The company says this is not actually part of its real-life internship program . "  It could n't have been more opposite than my own experience , " said former Google intern Raymond Braun , who now works full time at the company . "  The whole competitive , mean-spirited facet of the Internship program did n't resonate with me . " In reality , the Google Internship program is less "  Battle Royale " and more "  Oceans 11 , " with each intern a key part of a tight-knit , collaborative team . Even so , Braun told CNN he enjoyed the movie and thinks it accurately captures the excitement and passion of Google 's employees . "  I think that 's it really fun to see the place where you work depicted on the big screen , " he said .	Google provides the setting for the new movie comedy , "  The Internship " The company did n't pay to be in the movie , but it did get a say in how it was depicted The movie includes references to Google 's self-driving cars but not Google Glass Co-founder Larry Page thinks the movie will help with computer science 's marketing problem
CNN  -- All federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico closed to fishing because of last year 's oil spill have reopened , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Tuesday , one day before the one-year anniversary of the disaster . The announcement came as the administration reopened the final 1,041 square miles of waters immediately surrounding the Deepwater Horizon wellhead , just east of Louisiana . No oil or sheen has been found in the area since August 4 , NOAA said in a statement . NOAA sampled the area in November , March and April for potentially affected fin fish , including tuna , swordfish and escolar . The analysis of samples found "  no detectable oil or dispersant odors or flavors , and results of chemical analysis for oil-related compounds and dispersants well below the levels of concern , " the statement said . The decision to reopen the waters was made after consultation with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . "  Throughout this process , public health and safety has been our primary goal , " said FDA Commissioner Margaret A. Hamburg . "  This has been an extraordinary team effort and the reopening of these federal waters serves as a dramatic example of what cooperation between federal agencies can accomplish . " The April 20 explosion on the Deepwater Horizon led to the worst oil spill in U.S. history , with more than 200 million gallons of oil released into the Gulf . At its peak in June , 37 percent of Gulf waters , or 88,522 square miles , were closed to fishing . Also Tuesday , Omega Protein Corp. announced the final settlement of its claims for costs and damages incurred as a result of the spill . In total , the company received payments of nearly $ 45 million from the Gulf Coast Claims Facility , it said .	The move opens all federal waters formerly closed because of the Gulf oil spill No oil or sheen has been found in the area since August Wednesday is the one-year anniversary of the Deepwater Horizon disaster
CNN  -- At least 15 people have been killed in an explosion in a village in southern China 's Guizhou province as they gathered to gamble , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported , citing local officials and police . Eight people were injured in the blast , which occurred on a remote mountain slope in Laoshan village , near the city of Kaili on Monday afternoon . They were in a stable condition on Tuesday . Xinhua said that eight suspects had been detained , including three who surrendered themselves to local police . The cause of the blast was n't immediately reported . An investigation was under way , according to Xinhua . In November : Pipeline explosion kills 44 near Chinese port city	15 people have been killed in an explosion in a village in southern China Victims had gathered at site to gamble Cause of explosion is being investigated ; 8 people have been detained Eight injured are said to be in stable condition
The Frisky  -- Actress Amanda Seyfried has been pretty candid about her disdain for dieting . She recently spoke up on The Huffington Post site about how unfortunate it is that near starvation is often necessary for success in Hollywood : "  I clearly like being fit , but it 's not thin without a hell of a lot of work -- I run and I exercise a lot and then I eat ... I 'm not going to deny that I do n't think about it every day , it 's always on my mind . I have to stay in shape because I 'm an actress . "  It 's twisted , but I would n't get the roles otherwise . If I 'd been bigger , I do n't think they would have cast me for ` Mamma Mia ' ! If I have to diet , it 's salad with protein , salmon and broccoli , no dessert . But what kind of life is that ? " Yeah , what kind of life is that ? I 'm eating dessert for breakfast right now and feel pretty OK about it , but for people whose chosen profession is acting , it 's a big issue . Here are a few celebs who have whined about this unfair standard of beauty . Sandra Bullock says she is paid to be thin Sandra Bullock once said , "  People ask , ` How do actresses do it ? ' Um , they pay us to do this in order to look good on film , " Bullock confessed to InStyle . When she was younger , Bullock did some yo-yo dieting and says of her mentality at the time , "  I 'm going to get really fat . Then I 'm going to complain about how fat I 've got , then I 'll have to go on a diet , then I 'll complain about being on a diet . It 's just a vicious circle . I 've been a junk food junkie most of my life . " The Frisky : Learn from Sandra Bullock 's up/down love life Beyonce was "  dying " to be thin When Beyonce had to drop 20 pounds for "  Dreamgirls , " she did a Master Cleanse , and said this about it in FHM magazine : "  I lived on water , cayenne pepper and maple syrup for 14 days . It was tough ; everyone was eating and I was dying . "  After that I ate waffles , fried chicken , cheeseburgers , french fries , everything I could find . That was the best time of my life . I 've gained twelve pounds . " "  Baywatch " babe Nicole Eggert says being skinny is "  unrealistic " Former "  Baywatch " and "  Celebrity Fit Club " actress Nicole Eggert fought back against tabloid criticism over her weight gain , telling ThatsFit.com , "  to maintain this Hollywood figure is really , really unrealistic . Is your heart healthy ? Is your mind healthy ? Do you feel good ? That 's it . Period . This skinny-minnie-waify look that has taken over is unrealistic . " But , just in case , she lost all that weight and is pimping that QuickTrim stuff Kim Kardashian is so fond of . The Frisky : Amanda Seyfried 's raunchy tattoo Demi Moore does n't call herself "  thin " Demi Moore also had her share of body issues and hopes she has n't passed them on to her daughters . She told Vanity Fair , "  When I was living that idea that if I was thinner I would be better and more accepted and more attractive , I stopped looking at it as being thin or skinny ... I have three daughters with three very different types of bodies ... I just try to encourage them to find the beauty in who they are and what they have , as opposed to focusing on what they 're not . I want them to know that being thin does not equate to happiness . " Demi Moore schools Kim Kardashian on "  pimping " Jennifer Aniston 's lost it for "  Friends " When she started her career , Jennifer Aniston was told that she needed to lose 20 pounds to be on "  Friends . " She managed to lose the weight but complained about it publicly : "  You 're damned if you 're too thin and you 're damned if you 're too heavy . According to the press , I 've been both . It 's impossible to satisfy everyone and I suggest we stop trying . " InStyle.com : 9 summer films you 'll want to see Celebrity men complain , too Men are n't immune to the weight game . Ricky Gervais recently spoke out in response to suggestions that he lost weight to "  kick start his film career . " Gervais said to The Telegraph : "  The Hollywood pressure is that you do have to be of a certain standard or a certain type . I see everyone doing it , even good character actors . I think , ` Why are you starving yourself ? ' I remember when a newspaper said , ` He 's lost three stone for Hollywood . ' "  I went , ` No , I have n't lost three stone and I would never do it for Hollywood . I did it ` cos I work out and I wan na be fit . ' And that annoys me . " Kelly Osbourne : Being fat was worse than drugs Kelly Osbourne made a really good point when she told Us Weekly , "  I took more hell for being fat than I did for being an absolute raging drug addict . I will never understand that . Now I 've actually read in some magazines that I 'm too skinny . You can never ever ever win . " Why is it so much worse to be fat than risking your life daily with drugs ? Jessica Simpson beaten up over 10 pounds After the mom jeans debacle , Jessica Simpson shared her feelings on weight with Oprah Winfrey : "  The fact I was famous last year for gaining 10 pounds is ridiculous and really sad ... Just the pressure that women feel to be thin ... The pressure that the media puts on women is so unfair , and so disgusting . " TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Sandra Bullock says , "  They pay us to do this in order to look good on film " Jennifer Aniston was told she needed to lose 20 pounds to be on "  Friends " Kelly Osbourne says she took more heat for being fat than for being a drug addict
Bossangoa , Central African Republic  CNN  -- Months after a coup escalated chaos and violence in the Central African Republic , a French military operation has begun in the capital , Bangui , France 's defense minister said Friday . The French deployment , along with that of African forces , was unanimously approved Thursday by the U.N. Security Council . The council also voted to impose an arms embargo on the Central African Republic , which is east of Cameroon and north of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The Security Council resolution , put forward by France , authorizes an African Union-led peacekeeping force to intervene with the support of French forces to protect civilians , restore humanitarian access and stabilize the country . The start of the French soldiers ' new operation in Bangui was announced Friday morning by Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian on the French radio station RFI . The French troops currently in the country were deployed to protect French nationals and help secure the airport that serves the capital . But now they are carrying out patrols in Bangui , Le Drian said . "  The operation has begun , " he said . France has pledged to send in hundreds more soldiers . An African Union force is already in the nation , but rights group say it 's not enough to halt the escalating violence . UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said Friday that the British military will help fly French military equipment to the Central African Republic . The first of three flights planned this month is due to arrive "  shortly , " he said in a statement . Deepening violence Hours before the U.N. meeting Thursday , heavy gunfire erupted near the presidential palace in Bangui , witnesses said . After two days of clashes in the capital , the number of corpses delivered to a hospital morgue in the city rose Friday afternoon to 92 , according to Doctors without Borders . The agency , also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres , told CNN that 170 people had been treated for injuries . Scores were badly hurt -- most with gunshot , machete or knife wounds . A few shots were fired around dawn , but the situation in the capital is now relatively calm , spokesman Samuel Henryon said . Bangui airport was closed for a second day Friday amid the continuing tensions . Violence has raged in the country since a coalition of rebels deposed President Francois Bozize in March , the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence . Bozize fled the country after his ouster . Christian vigilante groups have formed to battle Seleka , the predominantly Muslim coalition behind the president 's removal . Multiple sources told CNN that the military commander of Seleka , Gen. Issa Yahya , was killed Thursday in Bangui . His second-in-command , Col. Saleh Zabari , is now thought to be in charge . Christians , Muslims take refuge Left uncontrolled , militia groups are uniting along religious lines , leading to fears of sectarian violence . The situation in Bossangoa , a town about 185 miles north of Bangui that is at the epicenter of displacement resulting from the violence , remained very tense Friday . About 35,000 Christians have taken refuge in a Catholic church compound there . Members of Seleka have launched grenades at the compound to try to flush out elements of a rival Christian militia , the anti-Balaka . Meanwhile , the anti-Balaka are threatening the town 's Muslim neighborhood . The anti-Balaka began targeting Muslims after tens of thousands of Christians were forced to flee their homes as Seleka militias marauded through the countryside , in a spiraling cycle of reprisal attacks . The headquarters of the small regional peacekeeping mission told CNN on Thursday that the second-in-command of Seleka had given the militia permission to attack the compound . The mission sent reinforcements in defensive positions around the church to protect civilians . Speaking to CNN before reports of the death of Seleka 's commander emerged , Zabari said that it was believed there were armed elements in the compound but that unless those inside moved against them , they would n't attack it . A CNN team in the vicinity was forced to flee a U.N. compound in Bossangoa for one protected by the African-led force after the U.N. site came under fire . More than 100,000 more people are believed to be hiding in the bush around Bossangoa , fearing for their safety . Central African Republic : What 's going on , what 's at stake , what 's next Hundreds of thousands displaced Speaking after the U.N. vote , U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power said the U.S. government was "  deeply disturbed " by ongoing reports of brutality in the nation . "  It is clear that urgent action is needed to save lives , " she said , adding that the crisis has affected nearly half the country 's population . Power said the sectarian tension that has made the tens of thousands of Christians seek refuge in the church compound in Bossangoa , while their Muslim neighbors shelter in a mosque nearby , was a tragic result of the coup . "  Extremists on both sides , in an environment of lawlessness and an environment of state failure , have taken advantage of that vacuum and stoked animosities , " she said . A representative of the Central African Republic told the Security Council the vote would "  give reasons to hope for a new dawn " for the country 's embattled population . An unknown number of people have been killed in remote rural areas too risky to access . United Nations officials have warned that the violence between the Christian majority and Muslim minority now in power could lead to genocide . More than 400,000 people -- nearly 10 % of the population -- have been internally displaced , according to the United Nations . "  They are hiding in the bush without shelter , food , or drinking water , exposed to the weather and mosquitoes that carry malaria , the leading cause of death in the country , " Doctors Without Borders said in a statement . The group has operated in the country for years and is helping dispatch mobile units to take care of the wounded . Opinion : Why Central African Republic is slipping close to catastrophe CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported from Bossangoa , Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Lillian Leposo , Nana Karikari-apau and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : Number killed in Bangui is at least 92 , with 170 injured , aid group says "  The operation has begun , " France 's defense minister says U.N. Security Council backs resolution authorizing African and French intervention "  It is clear that urgent action is needed to save lives , " says U.S. envoy to the United Nations
CNN  -- Syria 's civil war has been grinding on for nearly two years now , resulting in the deaths of more than 60,000 people , according to estimates from the office of the U.N. Human Rights Commissioner . More than 500,000 Syrians have sought refuge in neighboring countries , and the U.N. believes that number could top a million in the coming year . Will the situation improve in 2013 , or will the bloody stalemate continue ? There have been encouraging signs lately for the opposition , which has made military gains against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . But some observers say al-Assad 's grip on power remains strong . CNN 's Nic Robertson and Nick Paton Walsh , who have reported from inside Syria , analyze the conflict and what the future may hold . Will the rebels defeat the regime ? Nick Paton Walsh : I think there 's very little doubt that will happen . It 's not going to be one day in which there 's a decisive changing of the flags over a building in Damascus and then the whole country turns 180 degrees in terms of its government . But there have been weeks now of consistent bad news for the regime . ... That affects not only how people feel inside the regime 's inner circle , it affects how their sponsors feel . And , of course , it boosts morale for the rebels as well . So that real sense of momentum has been in place for months . It 's beginning to nip around the capital , and I do n't think any observer at this point thinks that the Assad government really has a chance in terms of retaining long-term power over the country . Will al-Assad stay and fight until the end as he has said ? Or will he go ? Nic Robertson : The rebels have said that they wo n't rest until Assad is completely gone ; they wo n't negotiate with them . But he 's showing no signs of leaving whatsoever . Perhaps there are early indications that Assad does realize that he can not hold on to complete power as he has in the past . So perhaps what we 're seeing is the regime entering a new phase now where , rather than fight to hold on to everything , they 're fighting to have a better negotiating position in the future . Paton Walsh : The question really is how messy is that final stand of Assad actually going to be ? You 'll see pockets of these regime forces , particularly in the north , being left to their own devices . ... The real problem of course is going to be how does the rebel militia , how do these disparate groups deal with these Allawi military prisoners once they 've actually taken them into custody ? If al-Assad is overthrown , then what ? Paton Walsh : There will be a period of definitely chaos , warlordism perhaps , and sort of a vacuum whilst the armed groups who won the rebellion struggle for some degree of control over territory . I do n't really agree with the more dramatic visions of a nightmare future in Syria that 's something between "  Mad Max " and the Taliban . I think it 's going to be a much more watered-down version of that . I think there 's an optimism , perhaps amongst many Syrians , that they are educated , moderate in terms of the Islamic values they have . And remember also , this was n't really a rebellion started over Islamic principles . It is not Iran or Afghanistan . This was about trying to reject what they saw as a corrupt and repressive regime . ... It 's classic in these situations , once the major battle is finished , for world attention to radically drift elsewhere onto the next crisis . But that will be the moment when Syria needs help at its most . It will be the moment where the Syrians finally expect the West to actually step in now that the complicated issue of who 's arming who and who 's fighting who has been put aside . What kind of help will Syria need ? Robertson : The economy in Syria is completely destroyed , and it 's going to take years to rebuild . So any notion that there can be a quick turnaround in 2013 is fiction . What we 're going to see in 2013 are large numbers of displaced people , millions internally inside the country . Thousands , tens , possibly hundreds of thousands of people without shelter , their homes have been destroyed . Large areas of Damascus , Homs , Hama , Aleppo have been destroyed , people without homes . And they 're going to be desperate for food . Paton Walsh : I think once the majority of the violence ends , once the nuts and bolts of the civil war are behind them , then food , utilities will come back reasonably quickly because of the nature of where Syria is and who it 's bordered by . The real question though is , how do you rebuild a country where so many districts of so many of its cities have already been flattened in many ways ? I mean , two or three months ago , Aleppo was in pieces , really struggling to keep anything going . Robertson : You have this whole opposition that has n't even engaged yet with the opposition outside of the country and the opposition that 's fighting there . So to see how they 're going to get together and govern together is very difficult . ... Any sort of sense of these opposition groups want to coalesce around democracy , those are not the indications we have at the moment . They 're talking about "  We wo n't stop until we get rid of Assad . " These are not people who are showing a great ability to compromise so far . How will the world respond or help or engage with the new Syria ? Paton Walsh : I think , in many ways , the process of that is under way , with the U.S. trying to influence a government in exile  and  many opposition figures gathering in Doha or Turkey to try and work out how that government would look like . But the problem is that might not relate to the daily struggles people are facing on the ground inside Syria after what would be a two-year long war . And bridging that gulf between the men in suits in five-star hotels ... and people on the ground who may be starving or missing the roof of their house from shelling is going to be the enormous challenge . Robertson : Distrust is endemic region-wide . The distrust of the United States and Europe is deep-rooted in the culture in Syria already from 40 years of Assad rule , from watching what 's happened in other Arab countries , from hearing what radical Islamists say what the West is trying to do with Islam . All these things have been fomenting in the background . And now you have a scenario where the West has n't come to the aid of the Syrians , so people are deeply angry . I do n't think we 're going to find friends quickly in Syria . We 're certainly not going to win trust there quickly . And that 's going to make whatever we want to see -- the international community wants to see happen in Syria -- that 's going to make it much , much harder to achieve . More : Inside a marriage destroyed by war More : Syria 's underground TV More : Is an endgame in sight ? More : Family hids in underground ` prison '	CNN 's Nic Robertson and Nick Paton Walsh examine what the future may hold for Syria Paton Walsh : ` Very little doubt ' the rebels will defeat the regime of Bashar al-Assad Robertson : It will take years to rebuild the country 's infrastructure , economy
CNN  -- You can now get college credit for watching all those cat videos . The University of Pennsylvania is offering a class next semester titled "  Wasting time on the Internet , " in which students will "  focus on the alchemical recuperation of aimless surfing into substantial works of literature . " "  Students will be required to stare at the screen for three hours , only interacting through chat rooms , bots , social media and listservs , " according to the course description on the school 's website . Sign us up ! Yahoo tech columnist Alyssa Bereznak notes that the course is taught at the Ivy League school by poet and professor Kenneth Goldsmith . The class is a required seminar for those of the English creative writing track and an elective for other English majors . "  In practice , the course will play out a little like this : Students will spend a lot of time chatting with friends , watching YouTube videos , surfing Facebook , exploring Reddit , and , who are we kidding , skimming UPenn-specific BuzzFeed lists , " Bereznak writes . "  Eventually , however , they 'll have to take the detritus from that time wasted -- tweets , posts , photos , browser history , a painkiller prescription for their carpal tunnel -- and turn it into ` substantial works of literature . ' " Goldsmith told Motherboard 's Jason Koebler that he wants his students to be distracted , dividing their time between multiple devices including phones , tablets and laptops . "  I 'm very tired of reading articles in the New York Times every week that make us feel bad about spending so much time on the Internet , about dividing our attention so many times , " Goldsmith said . "  I think it 's complete bulls ** t that the Internet is making us dumber . I think the Internet is making us smarter . There 's this new morality built around guilt and shame in the digital age . " And shame on any student who tries to audit this class .	University of Pennsylvania is offering the class next semester It 's being taught by poet/professor Kenneth Goldsmith He says he thinks "  the Internet is making us smarter , " not dumber
CNN  -- Elizabeth Vargas has returned to rehab as part of her ongoing battle against alcohol addiction . The 20/20 anchor released a statement saying that she made the decision while on vacation this past weekend to return to treatment . "  As so many other recovering alcoholics know , overcoming the disease can be a long and incredibly difficult process , " Vargas said in her statement . "  I feel I have let myself , my co-workers and most importantly my family down and for that I am ashamed and sorry . " In November 2013 Vargas revealed that she was struggling with alcohol dependence and first entered a treatment facility . A spokesperson for ABC , for whom Vargas also hosts news specials , released a statement in support of her . "  Nothing is more important than Elizabeth 's health and well-being and we stand squarely behind her , " the statement from ABC said . "  Our thoughts are with Elizabeth and her family and we look forward to having her back at ABC News when she feels ready to return . " Vargas gave no indication as to how long she expects to be in treatment , but reiterated her determination to get sober . "  I am committed to battling and addressing this debilitating disease and want to thank everyone who has offered their unwavering support during this trying time , " she said in her statement .	Vargas decided to seek treatment while on vacation She first entered a facility in November ABC released a statement in support of her recovery
CNN  -- Joe Paterno led the Penn State Nittany Lions for 46 seasons and -- in the process -- became the winningest coach in college football history . Then came the child molestation scandal involving his former defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky and allegations that Paterno played a role in concealing it . The NCAA vacated 111 of his wins over a 14-year period , fined the school $ 60 million , reduced scholarships and banned it from bowl games for four years . Paterno died last year , his iconic reputation in tatters . But his relatives filed a lawsuit Thursday to see that his legacy does n't end that way . The lawsuit -- filed by the Paterno family , several members of the Penn State Board of Trustees , faculty , former players and coaches -- takes to task the NCAA and a report by former FBI director Louis Freeh , whom the sports body hired to conduct an independent investigation of Penn State 's handling of the scandal . "  The report on which the NCAA relied for its actions is fundamentally wrong , incomplete and inaccurate , " a release from the parties filing the lawsuit said . "  The consent decree with Penn State was hastily imposed on the University , completely disregarding the rights of the affected parties . " The 40-page suit , filed in Common Pleas Court of Centre County , Pennsylvania , Thursday , is the second filed against the college sports governing body . Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett filed an anti-trust lawsuit in January against the NCAA on the grounds that its punishments for the university are "  overreaching and unlawful . " Paterno legacy shadowed by sex abuse scandal Severe penalties Paterno coached at Penn State for 62 years as an assistant and head coach , but was fired after authorities arrested Sandusky . In 2002 , a graduate assistant brought to Paterno allegations of Sandusky 's sexual abuse in one of Penn State 's facilities . Paterno informed his supervisors of the report , but the school 's board of trustees fired Paterno in November 2011 , saying he could no longer perform his duties in the shadow of scandal . Sandusky was convicted in June 2012 on 45 counts of child sex abuse . He was sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison . Penn State supporters mark anniversary of Paterno 's death Top figures at Penn State blamed Freeh 's 267-page review blamed Paterno , former university President Graham Spanier , suspended Athletic Director Tim Curley and ex-Vice President Gary Schultz for allegedly taking part in a cover-up to avoid bad publicity . Joe Paterno 's family fights back The scandal led to Spanier 's ouster and shocked the nation after Freeh 's team concluded that the school 's top administrators had "  empowered " Sandusky , the former defensive coordinator for the football team , to continue his abuse . In addition to overturning the sanctions , the lawsuit seeks money for damages and legal costs . The Paterno estate says it will donate any money it receives from the lawsuit to charity . "  The one thing everyone should agree on is that the Sandusky scandal deserves a thorough , fair and careful review , " said Wick Sollers , the attorney for those filing the lawsuit . "  The NCAA 's actions sought to limit the knowledge of the case and trample the rights of the individuals and institutions that were unfairly and inaccurately blamed by the Freeh report . " Sollers previously issued a critique of the Freeh report , calling it a "  rush to injustice regarding Joe Paterno . " The Paterno report Paterno family : Freeh report ` factually wrong ' This is not the first time the Paterno family has fought back . In February , it released a report that absolved the coaching great of blame in the Sandusky scandal and said the Freeh report , commissioned by Penn State , was "  factually wrong , speculative and fundamentally flawed . " Former Attorney General Dick Thornburgh put together the new report . "  The experts determined that the conclusions of the  university  report are based on raw speculation and unsupported opinion - not facts and evidence , " Thornburgh said , according to a statement from the family . The statement said Paterno never attempted to hide any information or impede any investigation into Sandusky 's activities while using Penn State facilities . Freeh said the family review was "  self-serving . " Read Freeh 's statement CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	The 40-page lawsuit was filed in Common Pleas Court on Thursday NCAA sanctions against Penn State include a $ 60 million fine Louis Freeh says family review was "  self-serving " Freeh review finds Joe Paterno and others showed "  shocking disregard " for victims
CNN  -- Will Michael Jackson stop the world ? Fans have set up impromptu shrines to Michael Jackson , including this one at his family 's house . Thousands are expected to swamp Los Angeles , California , to mourn him Tuesday at the Staples Center , and the accompanying media crush will be enormous . The tribute to the King of Pop at Harlem 's Apollo Theater earlier this week drew coverage from all over the world , along with a public turnout in the thousands . Given the feverish interest in all things Jackson , the Los Angeles memorial could be one of the most-viewed events of all time . "  This will obviously be a huge media event , and with Web streams of the funeral , it may be impossible to say for sure how many people watched once all is said and done , because there 's still no comprehensive way to measure Web viewing , " said Toni Fitzgerald , of Media Life , in an e-mail interview . A handful of events have earned the kind of worldwide coverage to put the world on pause , if only for a moment . The 1963 assassination of John F. Kennedy "  had the nation locked in a trance for two or three days , " recalled TV critic Ed Bark of UncleBarky.com . The world audience for the Apollo 11 moon landing has been estimated in the hundreds of millions . The BBC estimated 2.5 billion people watched the 1997 funeral of Princess Diana . Watch Jermaine Jackson talk about his brother 's legacy " The numbers are easily exaggerated -- nobody knows how many people are watching in groups or in public places -- and the Web has complicated matters further . But in a multichannel , satellite TV , computer-and-cell phone world , the Jackson memorial could have an audience in the hundreds of millions . It was first believed the event would take place at Jackson 's Neverland Ranch . But the family announced Thursday that it will hold a private ceremony Tuesday , and then a massive public memorial service at the Staples Center . Fans had until 6 p.m. Saturday to register for free tickets to the memorial service . Organizers used a computer to choose 8,750 names from 1.6 million who registered since Friday . Watch a tour of Neverland " "  You have to go back to the Beatles , the death of John Lennon perhaps , and the death of Elvis Presley to find a comparable figure in , not just pop music , but pop culture , " said Entertainment Weekly critic-at-large Ken Tucker .  EW , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner .  "  And Jackson so self-consciously turned himself into not just an American pop icon but a global pop icon . I think this does have worldwide implications and interest . " See how interest in Jackson 's music has skyrocketed " The circumstances of Jackson 's death have led to comparisons with Presley 's in 1977 , but in terms of coverage , the two ca n't compare . The news was n't even the top story on CBS ' "  Evening News , " Bark recalled , and there certainly was n't wall-to-wall nationwide live coverage of his funeral . A public viewing drew about 30,000 fans ; the funeral , two days after his death , was held in Graceland 's living room . But Bark said there are parallels , at least in terms of coverage , with the Kennedy assassination . "  These days it 's so much harder to get a bulk audience on any given venue the way the -LSB- broadcast networks -RSB- did back then , but still the enormity -LSB- of the event -RSB- -- it 's the syndicated tabloid shows ... and TMZ and all the cable networks devoting lots of attention to it , -LSB- and -RSB- the broadcast networks ca n't seem to do enough specials in prime time , " said Bark . "  I do think it 's comparative but in a very different way . " Officially , the sorts of events that have attracted the largest mass audiences have been scheduled entertainment or sports programs . Sixty percent of America watched the 1983 "  M * A * S * H " finale ; more than half watched the 1980 "  Who Shot J.R. " episode of "  Dallas " and the 1977 "  Roots " conclusion . The Beatles ' first appearance on "  The Ed Sullivan Show " in 1964 drew about 45 percent of the country . The Super Bowl is routinely the year 's most watched program , with audiences north of 80 million -- about 40 percent of U.S. television households . Although interest in Jackson has been high , the number of viewing choices  and , perhaps , the traditional decline in summer viewing  has kept the ratings for individual Jackson-oriented shows down . "  Jackson 's death came up in just about every conversation I had from Thursday to Sunday , and yet only 5 million people tuned in to some of those broadcast specials , " Media Life magazine 's Fitzgerald observed . Still , the public memorial service might be different . "  I expect you 'll see very big tune-ins on the cable news networks and on BET , if they cover it ; they had huge numbers for their BET Awards focused on Jackson over the weekend , " Fitzgerald said . The BET Awards was watched by 10.7 million , the most ever for a cable awards show . "  With the celebrity factor thrown into the funeral , who 'll be there , who 'll talk , I would guess tens of millions in the U.S. will watch it on TV , " she said . It is certain is that the news media will be there in force . "  I guess we 're all going to wait and see what the spectacle is , " Bark said . "  There may be no precedent for this . "	Public memorial Tuesday could be one of the most-viewed events of all time It could have a television and online audience in the hundreds of millions Jackson 's death has led to comparisons with Elvis Presley 's death Others see parallels , at least in terms of coverage , with the Kennedy assassination
Cairo  CNN  -- A 30-year ironclad rule undone by an 18-day revolution saw its epilogue Saturday -- with former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak ordered to spend the rest of his days behind bars . At one time , Mubarak , 84 , dominated Egypt 's political landscape by intimidating opponents and infiltrating political movements . Saturday , after a 10-month trial he attended on a stretcher locked inside a courtroom cage , a judge ordered his transfer to a Cairo maximum security prison , according to state TV . Angry protests erupted inside and outside the court as the former president 's allies and foes voiced their reaction to the landmark verdicts . Some slammed the judge for finding him guilty , while others called for his execution . While Mubarak was sentenced to life in prison for his role in the killing of pro-reform demonstrators -- a charge for which he could have faced the death penalty -- he was cleared of corruption , and his sons acquitted of the charges they faced . Judge Ahmed Refaat was in no doubt about the significance of the moment , as he spoke of the "  dark " days of Mubarak 's three-decade rule . "  We made a promise to have a fair trial based on the law of the land and we wanted this historical trial to be just and fair in order to give the rights to its true owners , no matter what the sentence will be , " he said . When the pro-democracy protests started in January last year , few would have dreamed this would be the punishment handed down to the man who ruled over them for so long . Timeline of Mubarak 's ascent and fall from power Mubarak came to power in 1981 , after then-President Anwar Sadat died in a hail of gunfire at a military parade -- killed by Islamic militants from within the army 's own ranks after he took the dramatic step of making peace with Israel . He was a Soviet-trained pilot who was chief of staff of Egypt 's air force during the 1973 Mideast war . The early success of Egyptian pilots against Israel made him a national hero , and Sadat made him vice president in 1975 . Upon assuming office following Sadat 's assassination , one of Mubarak 's first acts was to declare a state of emergency that barred unauthorized assembly , restricted freedom of speech and allowed police to jail people indefinitely . It finally expired this week . Mubarak made extensive use of those emergency powers in his time at the helm . The Egyptian army put down riots by disgruntled police officers in 1986 , and Mubarak threw an estimated 30,000 people in jail when jihadists carried out a string of attacks on tourists . He won four terms as president in elections that were widely considered formalities . His fifth election , in 2005 , was Egypt 's first multi-party presidential vote , but many considered that , too , to be a sham . The country 's economy stagnated for the first 20 years of his rule . Development picked up in the past decade , fueled by a move away from state control and by billions in tourist dollars , but analysts say its gains have been unevenly distributed . About 40 percent of Egyptians currently live in poverty . Under Mubarak , Egypt was a major player in Israeli-Palestinian peace talks , and it contributed troops to the U.S.-led coalition that drove Iraq out of Kuwait in 1991 . Arab leaders : Where are they now ? It receives about $ 1.3 billion in military aid from Washington every year , second only to Israel , and has received nearly $ 30 billion in economic aid since 1975 , according to State Department figures . Shortly before his fall from grace , President Barack Obama said Mubarak had been "  very helpful on a range of tough issues . " And Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu last summer told the Arab-language news network Al-Arabiya that he respected Mubarak . "  He held peace between Israel and Egypt for over 30 years , and that 's a great achievement , and I think it should not be forgotten , " Netanyahu said . In 2005 , when Egyptians mounted large-scale protests to demand fundamental and widespread reform , Mubarak intimidated the leaders of the officially banned but tolerated Muslim Brotherhood , harassed middle-class demonstrators and managed to pick off protest leaders . But Mubarak was finally forced to step down February 11 after a nearly three-week uprising during which protesters demanded reform and a new government . The human rights group Amnesty International estimated at least 840 people were killed by security forces during the revolution and more than 6,000 were injured . Egypt is now ruled by a military council that has promised to hand over power after elections . A polarizing runoff vote for the presidency is due in mid-June , pitting a member of the Muslim Brotherhood against a former Mubarak minister . Neither had been favored by the revolutionaries responsible for toppling Mubarak -- and some fear a win for former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafik will mean the ousted strongman 's regime lives on in a different guise . During his long years at the helm , Mubarak escaped at least two assassination attempts , including a close call in 1995 when Islamic militants opened fire on his motorcade at a pan-African conference in Ethiopia . In 2003 , the aging autocrat collapsed while delivering a televised speech to the Egyptian parliament -- returning later to blame his illness on the flu . He went to Germany in 2004 for back surgery and returned in 2010 to have his gall bladder removed . Despite his bouts of illness , Mubarak never picked a vice president . He was widely considered to have anointed his son Gamal as his successor . Now Gamal and his brother , Alaa , have seen their ailing father -- who never expressed remorse while in court on his hospital gurney -- condemned to spend his last years behind prison walls . Although he may yet appeal the verdict , Mubarak is still the first of the leaders deposed in the Arab Spring to be handed a court sentence in person . "  This verdict instructs us all that leaders are not immune from prosecution and in the very heart of the Arab world , in a civilian court , a leader has actually been brought to justice , " said David Scheffer , a former U.S. ambassador-at-large for war crimes . "  That 's extremely important . " CNN 's Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , Saad Abedine , Ed Payne and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Hosni Mubarak is sentenced to life in prison for his role in the killing of protesters Supporters slam his conviction , while anti-Mubarak protesters call for a harsher penalty He ruled the country for 30 years before his ouster as president in February last year The judge orders Mubarak 's transfer to a maximum security prison
CNN  -- Cameron Diaz is feeling fearless . With her 42nd birthday approaching on August 30 , the actress is dismissing Hollywood 's obsession with youth and embracing growing older with pride and an eagerness to try something new . "  I like being 41 . I love it , " Diaz tells Esquire magazine in its August issue , on sale July 8 . "  So much s *** just falls away . Fear , mostly . It 's the best age . That 's when a woman knows how to work things , or she does n't care about that anymore . You just stop being afraid . You do n't worry about what men think . You just do n't worry that time registers anything awful . " Perhaps it 's that perspective that helped lead Diaz to the July 18 comedy "  Sex Tape , " in which she and Jason Segel play a couple who accidentally share a home video of their intimate moments for all to see . Obviously , neither Diaz nor Segel could be shy about showing some skin with a plot like that , but in fact , Diaz is n't just showing some skin . She 's showing everything . "  It 's a first for me , " she says of the nude work in the comedy . "  But Jason  Segel  gets naked , too . It 's just a part of the role . So I did it . I mean , you see everything . " While Diaz is still conquering career firsts , in her personal life she 's content with where she is . When the topic veers toward her decision not to have kids , Diaz explains , "  it 's so much more work to have children . " "  To have lives besides your own that you are responsible for -- I did n't take that on , " the actress continues . "  That did make things easier for me . A baby -- that 's all day , every day for 18 years . Not having a baby might really make things easier , but that does n't make it an easy decision . "  I like protecting people , but I was never drawn to being a mother . I have it much easier than any of them . That 's just what it is . Does n't mean life is n't sometimes hard . I 'm just what I am . I work on what I am . "  Right now , I think , things are good for me . I 've done a lot . And I do n't care anymore . " Cameron Diaz 's guide to success See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Cameron Diaz talks to Esquire magazine about her career She says "  Sex Tape " is the first movie where she does nude work Diaz : "  You see everything "
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Police in Rustenberg , South Africa , clashed Tuesday with more than 1,000 striking miners who were barricading public roads near the Anglo American Platinum mine . Police fired tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the protesters , and sporadic scuffles continue , Capt. Dennis Adrio with the North West police told CNN . What 's behind South Africa 's mine violence ? Police and firefighters responded after a power substation on Anglo American Platinum 's property was set on fire at 4 a.m. , Adrio said . Tuesday 's clashes continued a wave of wildcat strikes and violent confrontations that has wracked the country 's mining sector for more than two months , the worst labor unrest since the end of apartheid . Anglo-American Platinum fired about 12,000 striking workers who refused to attend disciplinary hearings earlier this month after a three-week walkout . Another company , Gold Fields Limited , fired 8,100 striking workers last week after they did not return to work . Some 15,000 workers at the company 's KDC East mine , near Johannesburg , had gone on strike to seek higher pay , as have workers at several other South Africa mines . Read more : South African mine fires 1,400 striking workers Repeated clashes have occurred since police opened fire on strikers Lonmin 's Marikana platinum mine in August , killing 34 workers and wounding dozens more . South Africa 's mining sector is the country 's biggest industry .	Police fire tear gas and rubber bullets as they clash with striking miners in Rustenberg The protesters were barricading roads near the Anglo American Platinum mine , police say South Africa 's mining sector has seen a wave of wildcat strikes and clashes since August Thousands of striking miners have been fired by gold and platinum mining firms
Cambodia  CNN  -- For Nev Broadis , it 's important to act fast when a call comes to rescue a bear cub from the other side of Cambodia . "  There 's a vulnerable animal in distress up to nine or 10 hours away , so there 's a sense of urgency to get there as soon as possible , " says Broadis , the regional director of Australian non-profit Free the Bears . "  You put emotions on hold and start mobilizing -- readying equipment , cages , everything we might need . " Free the Bears has been in Cambodia 17 years and in that time has rescued 182 bears , an average of nearly one a month . Some come from private residences , others from wildlife traffickers or even garment factories . The condition in which they find them "  is extremely variable . " "  We had cubs come in -LSB- in August -RSB- that were just one week old , and they are now doing very well , considering , " he says , referring to twin sun bear cubs nicknamed "  Jammy " and "  Donut . " "  Then recently we had one bear arrive in such bad condition that it died as soon as we moved it from the crate and onto the operating table -- even though we had five emergency vets there . " Rescuing Number 182 The bear they raced off to rescue from the Samlaut district near the Thai border in western Cambodia was a five-month-old endangered moon bear . Known by his processing tag as Rescue Number 182 , the male cub was in reasonable shape despite being somewhat malnourished and carrying an injury thought to have been inflicted by a snare . "  When the hunters came along to check the snare , the mum would have left and the hunters would have taken the bear cub , " says Broadis , as he works to pacify the stressed animal with clucking sounds to imitate its absent mother . "  But there 's no sign of any wound or any blood now . It 's healed over very nicely actually . " Broadis says most animals arriving at Free the Bears ' sanctuary outside the capital Phnom Penh are cubs , some of which were intercepted while being trafficked to so-called "  bear farms " in neighboring Vietnam and Laos , where they are caged and their bile extracted in a painful process . Bear bile is a source of Ursodeoxycholic acid , which is used in traditional Chinese medicine to treat everything from gallstones to muscle aches . Excess stock is used in toothpaste and shampoo . It 's estimated that 13,000 bears are currently held captive in bear bile farms across Asia . Broadis reckons that would likely have been this young bear 's fate . Joint Effort Although on this occasion Free the Bears fetched the cub , that work more often falls on the shoulders of the country 's Wildlife Rapid Rescue Team  WRRT  , a counter-trafficking program whose operations are supported by U.S. non-profit Wildlife Alliance . The WRRT , which is comprised of government officials , military police and Wildlife Alliance staff , operates a hotline for members of the public to report the illegal trade in wildlife . It also inspects markets , restaurants and border crossings and runs a network of informants . In the most recent quarter , the WRRT carried out more than 60 operations confiscating hundreds of trafficked animals , among them two moon bears and dozens of macaques . The bears were taken to the Phnom Tamao Wildlife Rescue Center , a 2,300-hectare government-owned facility south of Phnom Penh , where they joined more than 130 bears currently under Free the Bears ' care . WRRT 's proactive approach was lauded recently by wildlife monitoring group TRAFFIC in a report that assessed more than a decade of Asia 's trade of live bears and of bear parts such as paws , meat and bile . TRAFFIC says Cambodia led 16 other Asian nations in the number of seizures : 190 in total , of which 156 were live bears . By comparison , Russia , Malaysia , Thailand , Laos and India managed just 189 seizures between them . TRAFFIC 's data shows more than 2,800 bears were trafficked in Asia between 2000 and 2011 , but says the true number was far higher . And it warns that three of the four bears unique to Asia in the Ursidae family -- sun bears , moon bears and sloth bears -- face "  illegal and unsustainable hunting for trade . " Chris Shepherd , TRAFFIC 's regional director for South-East Asia , says the trade "  is huge -LSB- and -RSB- it 's threatening the native bear species . " The problem is compounded by widespread government inaction . "  Enforcement in a number of places , especially in a number of major trade centers , is really lacking , if it exists at all , " says Shepherd , adding that the solution lies in large part in better enforcement , education efforts and raising public awareness -- something that non-profits such as Animals Asia and Free the Bears also undertake . "  When it comes to bears -LSB- Cambodia is -RSB- definitely doing more than most -- I mean it 's not perfect but it definitely is a model that 's getting results , " he says . A new home It was early evening when Broadis and his team arrived back at Phnom Tamao , handing over Rescue Number 182 to Free the Bears ' quarantine center manager Kem Sun Heng . Broadis says that on the way out of Samlaut , a place of subsistence farming and red earth roads in the foothills of the Cardamom Mountains , he was struck by the fact that villagers were not surprised to see a bear on the back of a pick-up . That implies trafficking remains common , he says , "  and that 's sad . " Getting Rescue Number 182 back safely after 850 kilometers of appalling roads , on the other hand , was a relief , partly because the team knows "  it 's one less bear going to its death " at a bear bile facility . "  There are n't many moon bears left in the wild ; they 've been heavily trafficked to neighboring countries and their population has been decimated , " he says . "  So when we talk about losing an individual , that 's important for that particular species too , whether it 's a moon bear or a sun bear . " As Number 182 was coaxed into his den , the center 's two smallest arrivals were snoozing in a nearby room after a meal of milk . Twin sun bear cubs "  Jammy " and "  Donut " were just days old when villagers ' dogs scared off their mother from her nest in Cambodia 's remote north-east . Taking care of the endangered bears is a huge challenge not least because while young they remain vulnerable to infections . But under Heng 's expert care , and three-hourly feeding sessions , the sisters are getting heavier : they are now eight weeks old and weigh more than four pounds apiece . "  They are good , " says Heng during one feeding session . "  They are growing well , they are healthy , they are eating well and they are very playful . " For his part , Number 182 will spend the coming weeks alone in his den undergoing a battery of health checks to ensure he does n't introduce diseases to the rest of the bear population . Eventually he will be released into a large enclosure with other rescued moon bears . "  We 've put some branches in there and he 's got a hammock and he 's got two guys who are going to look after him , so he 'll be fine , " says Broadis . "  The future 's looking bright for this little cub . "	Rescuers from Free the Bears rescue caged bears across Cambodia Many bears will end up in bear bile farms , and subjected to cruel "  milking " methods Cambodia is leading the way in bear rescues in Asia Demand for bear bile in Chinese traditional medicine feeds trade
RollingStone.com  -- "  This echo is ` good , ' " Neil Young said toward the end of his set at Farm Aid 's 25th annual concert , which drew 35,000 to Milwaukee 's Miller Park . Playing songs like "  Down By the River " and "  Ohio " alone with an electric guitar and organ pedals he manipulated with his feet -- and occasionally joined by a harmonica and a choir featuring his wife , Pegi -- Young used the baseball dome 's booming acoustics to his advantage , creating dissonant echoes and swirls of feedback with his snarling licks . Between songs he unleashed tirades about factory farms , estimating that over the last quarter-century hundreds of thousands of family farms have been displaced or overrun by factories . "  We 're all hopeful , " he said . "  That 's why we 're here . You can never give up . Never . Never . Never . So every year I get a chance to rant about it . " Appropriately , Young ended his set with the Seventies gem , "  Homegrown , " joined by his fellow Farm Aid board members Dave Matthews and John Mellencamp , as well as Farm Aid 's president , Willie Nelson . It was as close to an all-star jam as the night had to offer . Even Jeff Tweedy , who had played earlier , could n't resist harmonizing from the visiting team 's dugout , where he watched the rest of the show with his wife and two sons . Capping off the night was the eleven-hour concert 's biggest surprise : Steven Tyler joining Willie Nelson on "  One Time Too Many " and "  Once is Enough . " Farm Aid 25 Photos : Willie Nelson , John Mellencamp , Dave Matthews , Neil Young , Steven Tyler and more The Farm Aid foursome -- Nelson , Young , Mellencamp and Matthews -- were joined by twelve other acts on Saturday at Miller Park , including Nelson 's guitar-slinging son Lukas , who ran around the stage barefoot leading his band , the Promise of the Real , through blues incantations and rockers . "  I 'm worried he 's gon na break his legs jumping around like that , " his dad told Rolling Stone that afternoon on his tour bus . Band of Horses followed with tunes from their latest , "  Infinite Arms . " "  I remember seeing the first Farm Aid on TV when I was seven , " says BOH frontman Ben Bridwell , who played with Willie on "  Mama , Do n't Let Your Babies Grow Up To Be Cowboys , " in Maui , in 2009 . "  I mean , I 've known about Farm Aid longer than I 've been able to distinguish color , or do long division . I 'm am never gon na forget this . " Photos : Front Row at the Hottest Live Shows Many artists performed stripped-down sets . Country hellraiser Jamey Johnson played the classic "  I Saw the Light " alone with an acoustic . The dreary day , with temperatures in the forties and steady rain coming down , caused organizers to close the dome 's retractable roof , but the sun finally peeked through the windows when Jeff Tweedy hit the stage . With an acoustic guitar and harmonica rack , Tweedy ran through "  Out of Tune , " "  I 'll Go " and "  I 'm the Man Who Loves You , " which he dedicated to his wife , Sue Miller . Matthews was joined by guitarist Tim Reynold for his half-hour set , culled mostly from his 2003 solo album , "  Some Devil , " but featuring some Dave Matthews Band jams like "  Do n't Drink the Water . " Nelson also sat in with them for a haunting "  Gravedigger . " Random Notes : Hot Rock Pics Norah Jones , the only female on the bill , was warmly received . She alternated between guitar and piano , borrowing Young 's upright , just as she did at last year 's Bridge School Benefit . Jones , a bassist , and singer-strummer Sasha Dobson -- who nicknamed themselves the Rams , because they were all born Aries , in 1979 -- sauntered through "  Come Away With Me , " Johnny Cash 's "  Cry , Cry , Cry " and "  How Many Times Have You Broken My Heart "  the lyrics for which were written by Hank Williams . Midway through Jones ' set , Nelson pulled up to the stage in a golf cart to duet with her on "  Lonestar . " "  We 're both Texans , " she pointed out .  She also announced , at another point , that she was a farmer for Halloween last year . Later Jones joined Tweedy in the visitor 's dugout and celebrated the day with an organic hot dog . "  As the family farmer goes , so goes America , " said Mellencamp , before tearing thorugh "  Pink Houses , " "  Take Some Time To Dream , " and "  Scarecrow , " which he also performed at the inaugural Farm Aid , held in Illinois in 1985 . Before his set , as he smoked American Spirits in his Airstream trailer outside the venue , Mellencamp reminisced about that first show . "  I remember seeing Bob Dylan and Tom Petty sitting on a step , smoking cigarettes , " he said , smiling . After twenty-five annual shows , he says his most profound memory is of watching Elton John perform "  Candle in the Wind " at the 1990 show in his homestate of Indiana . "  The day before , at Elton 's request , I had visited Ryan White in his hospital , " said Mellencamp , referring to the young boy suffering from AIDS to whom Elton had dedicated his performance . "  I was pretty choked up . " Earlier in the day , at a press conference held at Miller Park 's adjacent little league field , Mellencamp said , not for the first time , that Nelson should be honored with a Nobel Peace Prize for his tireless devotion to American farmers . After all , Farm Aid is the longest-running musical cause ever . Willie , standing to Mellencamp 's right , responded , "  How ` bout the No Bull prize ? " Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	Dave Matthews and Steven Tyler join the benefit 's founders for the all-day anniversay show Capping off the night was the eleven-hour concert 's biggest surprise : Steven Tyler Mellencamp says Nelson should be awarded a Nobel Peace Prize for his devotion to farmers
It was a sad day in the clown world when a "  clown " at the Missouri State Fair put on a mask in the likeness of President Barack Obama and wore a broomstick attached to his behind to perform in a rodeo in America 's Heartland . Some would ask : How this is different from late-night pundits making mocking comments about every political person alive ? It is different in that it goes against everything a clown stands for and makes fun of our president in a way that is truly offensive on so many levels . As someone who has performed as a "  real " clown for 32 years and has taught the craft to hundreds of clowns , I would like the world to know that we have a code of ethics that we adhere to so that our life of making the world smile goes on without hurting people . Among the ethics is a ban on "  blue humor . " This mean no sexual or racial humor . The joke always needs to be on us and never on an audience member . If someone is offended or made the "  victim " of a joke , it is totally against what the clown community would consider funny . So what is this clown community and where do I get these ethics ? One of the main international clown organizations based in the United States is Clowns of America , International . We are 3,000 members strong and are organized into clown "  alleys , " groups that perform together . As part of our training , and really the training of most clowns , we have a strict code of ethics covering such things as drinking while clowning , cleanliness and remaining in character . We take offense at the actions of the rodeo "  clown " because we are strictly trained not to offend anyone while "  in clown . " The individual who took on the role of a clown in Missouri might have made some people laugh , but it was at the expense of so many others . What of the children who were in the audience and being taught to respect our president and government ? What of every person in the audience who hates racism ? What of the officials of the state of Missouri who are now the focus of national attention in this negative light ? Forgive me for taking this forum to air another form of "  clown " I find very offensive : the horror clown . In my travels as "  Dear Heart " the clown , I encounter many people of all ages who are afraid of clowns . Perhaps some are afraid of anyone who is behind makeup , but most have had the experience of a house of horror where a person dressed as a clown has frightened them and , in doing so , has robbed them of fun and playful experiences for life . Being a "  real clown " takes training , money and a lot of time . We each develop a character that is an extension of ourselves . Real clowns have clown hearts long before we put on makeup . Our goal is to make the world a happier place . One part of our national organization , Red Nose Response , allows clowns go to places where there have been disasters and pitch in -- helping to distribute needed supplies but also helping to keep the spirits of people up . I am most proud when I come home having given a balloon flower to an elderly person who responds with a big smile or having taught a child who is in a hospital long-term the basics of juggling . And so what is there that I have described about "  real clowns " that applies to the Missouri rodeo performer ? Absolutely nothing . As for the people in Texas who have said he would be welcome to perform there : Please think about that and what you are really doing . I believe that people today desperately need a reason to smile and a chance to forget their troubles for a moment and laugh . These laughs are most cherished if they are only for fun and do not offend or hurt another human being .	Judy Quest : Offensive act by "  clown " at Missouri fair mocked Obama ; this is not real clowning Quest , a clown for 32 years , says clown ethics discourage hurtful , racist , sexual humor She says rodeo clown sent bad message to children in crowd about respect for president Quest : Clowns are meant to bring happiness , not hurt
CNN  The Indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row , including Filipino maid Mary Jane Veloso and Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . Jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to Indonesia 's "  execution island " -- Nusa Kambangan -- where the ten are being held , though a spokesman for the Attorney General , Tony Spontana , told CNN Friday this is not the required 72-hour notice given to death row convicts before the actual execution . But he said , "  the time is approaching . " The 10 inmates , from Australia , France , Ghana , the Philippines , Brazil , Nigeria and Indonesia , had their petitions for clemency denied by President Joko Widodo in late 2014 . The executions , which will be carried out by firing squad , were planned for earlier this year but were postponed after several inmates filed separate legal challenges . On Tuesday , the Indonesian Supreme Court rejected reviews filed by French national Serge Atlaoui and Ghanaian Martin Anderson . "  We 're just waiting for one more decision on the judicial review filed by Zainal Abidin and we hope the Supreme Court 's decision will come out tomorrow  Friday  , " Spontana added . Abidin is also a drug convict and the only Indonesian citizen in the group . Chan and Sukumaran , members of the so-called "  Bali Nine " convicted for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot , tried to challenge the President 's decision earlier this month but lost an appeal for the State Administrative Court to hear their case . Their lawyers have since filed another review at the Constitutional Court . The Attorney General 's office has said they would respect all ongoing court proceedings but insisted the inmates have exhausted all their legal options . Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with Indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths . In another sign that the execution date may be announced soon , Spontana said Veloso , 30 , was moved Friday to Nusa Kambangan , which lies off the coast of West Java . She has been held in a prison in Yogyakarta , Central Java since 2010 . The Supreme Court rejected her petition for a judicial review in March but her lawyers were still preparing to file a second review on Monday . OPINION : Why executions wo n't win Indonesia 's drug war According to her lawyers , Veloso unknowingly carried drugs into Indonesia and that she was set up by members of a drug syndicate . Her entire family has traveled to Indonesia to fulfill her last wish . Older sister Marites Laurente told CNN Friday that Veloso wants to see parents , siblings and two young sons before facing the firing squad . Laurente said that while her sister seemed resigned to her fate , the family still hopes for a stay in her execution . "  The chances are slim but we 're hoping for a miracle . That 's what we need , a miracle , " she said . "  If President Widodo kills her , he would kill an innocent person . So please stop them from executing her . " At the time of the interview , lawyers had not informed the family about news of the attorney general 's orders . Veloso 's father , Cesar Veloso , 59 , suffers from a heart ailment and seemed distraught about his daughter 's situation . "  If I find out that my daughter will be executed the next day , I will kill myself first , " he told CNN late Thursday . "  It 's like throwing my child away . She is innocent . I can not accept it . " No date has been set for the execution .	Indonesia has advised foreign consular officials to travel to Indonesia 's "  execution island " The 10 death row inmates being held have had their legal bids rejected They include Australian "  Bali Nine " members Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran
CNN  -- A member of a politically powerful family in the southern Philippines pleaded not guilty to dozens of murder charges filled against him in connection with a November massacre in Maguindanao province , Philippine news outlets reported . Datu Unsay Mayor Andal Ampatuan Jr. pleaded "  not guilty to all the 41 charges , " Leila de Lima , chairwoman of the Philippine Commission on Human Rights , told reporters at Camp Crame where the trial is being held , CNN affiliate ABS-CBN said . Ampatuan could face an additional 16 charges in the Nov. 23 massacre that killed 57 people . Authorities have said the killings were part of a politically motivated attempt to keep an opponent of the politically powerful Ampatuan family from running for governor . Thirty journalists were among those killed . Authorities raided a warehouse and ranch belonging to the Ampatuan family last month and confiscated firearms , ammunition and vehicles , Maj. Randolph Cabangbang , deputy of operations for the eastern Mindanao command , said at the time . Following the killings , Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo declared martial law on Dec. 4 before lifting it eight days later , saying it had achieved its objectives . Violence in the run-up to elections is not uncommon in the Philippines . The Maguindanao massacre , however , is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippine history , according to state media . The victims included the wife and sister of political candidate Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao . He said he had received threats from allies of Gov. Andal Ampatuan Sr. , the father of the accused mayor , saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation .	Datu Unsay Mayor Andal Ampatuan Jr. pleads not guilty to murder charges Charges filled against him in over November massacre in Maguindanao province Authorities : Killings an attempt to stop Ampatuan opponent from running for governor Nov. 23 massacre killed 57 people ; thirty journalists were among the dead
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's oldest son blasted his famous aunts and uncles on Twitter on Thursday for taking his grandmother away and keeping her out of touch for 10 days . "  I 'm really angry and hurt , " Prince Jackson tweeted . His tweets came just hours after Katherine Jackson returned to the Calabasas , California , home where she has been raising Prince , 15 ; Paris , 14 ; and Prince Michael II , 10 , who 's also known as Blanket . A judge suspended Katherine Jackson as their guardian Wednesday because of her absence , which her own lawyers suggested might have been against her will . TJ Jackson , the 34-year-old son of Tito Jackson , was named temporary guardian . "  Although I am happy my grandma was returned , after speaking with her I realized how misguided and how badly she was lied to , " Prince Jackson tweeted . Jackson family drama an unwanted reality show Janet , Jermaine , Randy and Rebbie Jackson teamed up to take their 82-year-old mother to a spa near Tucson , Arizona , on July 15 , later saying it was under a doctor 's orders . The three children , who have been in their grandmother 's custody since their father 's death three years ago , became upset after several days of not hearing from her . Critical tweets have flowed from sister Paris for days , but her older and usually less outspoken brother is now being heard . "  I have been holding off on backing up my sister and her tweets avidly because I was waiting for the time to reveal my side , " Prince Jackson tweeted . His tweets included a photo of his cell phone screen , which he said showed "  a group chat I had started to several family members . This group text message I had started was replied to but they did n't know that I could see the responses . For this whole time , they denied us contact to our grandmother . " The image shows Prince texting to aunts Rebbie and Janet Jackson : "  This is enough so I am texting you for the simple fact that WE DEMAND TO SPEAK TO MY GRANDMA NOW !!! " The reply , apparently from Janet Jackson , was : "  Do n't let them pls . " The text exchange came three hours after Janet Jackson was seen on security camera video apparently attempting to take Paris Jackson 's cell phone away in the driveway of Katherine Jackson 's home . Janet Jackson 's representative did not immediately reply to CNN 's request for comment . The Twitter posting referred to lessons taught to him by his father . "  As long as I can remember my dad had repeatedly warned me of certain people and their ways , " he tweeted . The tweet concluded with this : "  If you continue with your lies I will continue with the truth . " It was signed "  Michael Jackson Jr. " The tweets mysteriously disappeared several hours later , replaced with a message disavowing them . By mid-afternoon , when the children done with summer school , Paris posted tweets explaining : "  the thing my brother tweeted last night was the last true thing he tweeted . . he was hacked saying what we tweeted was false . . prince will repost the image of the text ` if you continue with your lives , i will continue with the truth ' prince wanted me to tell you guys that okay . please know its us tweeting " Judge suspends Katherine Jackson as guardian Before Katherine Jackson began the long drive back to California on Wednesday , she appeared on camera and read a statement to ABC News . As her children Rebbie , Jermaine and Janet stood behind her , she read from a yellow notepad : "  I am devastated that while I 've been away ... my grandchildren have been taken away from me , and I 'm coming home to see about that , " Jackson said . The network was not allowed to ask her any questions . At a hearing Wednesday , Katherine Jackson 's attorney , Sandra Ribera , told Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff that there was reason to believe Jackson had been held against her will . Beckloff suspended her as the children 's custodian because she may be "  prevented from acting as a guardian because of the acts of third parties . " Another one of her lawyers , Perry Sanders , said he would meet with his client Thursday before filing a petition to restore her as custodian . Katherine Jackson was unaware of the controversy swirling around her family for the past week , he said . In her statement , Katherine Jackson disputed the judge 's findings . "  I am here today to let everybody know that I am fine and I am here with my children , and my children would never do a thing to me like that , holding me against my will . It 's very stupid for people to think that , " she said . The judge also ordered that singer Diana Ross , whom Michael Jackson named as backup guardian in his will , and Debbie Rowe , the biological mother of the two oldest children , be given notice of the order . Jackson family feud caught on tape CNN 's Ed Payne and Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	NEW : Prince 's account hacked after posting tweets against uncles , aunts , sister Paris says "  I realized how misguided and how badly she was lied to , " Prince says about grandmother "  My dad had repeatedly warned me of certain people and their ways , " he tweets Katherine Jackson returns home , but without guardianship of son Michael 's children
CNN  -- It 's been a tough last few days for U.S. hockey at the Sochi Winter Olympics . First the U.S. women lost in heartbreaking fashion to arch-rival Canada , unable to protect a lead late in the third period of the final . Then the men lost to the Canadians in the semifinals Friday , ending hopes of a first men 's hockey gold since the famous Miracle on Ice in Lake Placid 34 years ago . And now the men will be going home with no medal at all after being crushed by Teemu Selanne 's Finland 5-0 in the bronze medal game Saturday . Surely no one saw this coming after the U.S. stunned Russia in the group stage and scored 20 goals in its first four games . "  The way we played the last two games we did n't deserve  a medal  , " U.S. captain Zach Parise told NHL.com . "  We got outplayed . Coming into the final round I thought we were playing well . I 'm kind of embarrassed where we 're at now . " The 43-year-old Selanne scored two goals in what was expected to be his farewell match at the Games and Tuukka Rask made 27 saves for the shutout as Finland collected yet another hockey medal at an Olympics . Selanne opened Finland 's account early in the second period and with the U.S. still trying to recover , Jussi Jokinen made it 2-0 11 seconds later . The U.S. did n't recover -- and some would say it did n't recover from the defeat to Canada . Summing up the evening for the U.S. was Patrick Kane missing penalty shots in the first two periods . "  We did n't show up , " U.S. forward Max Pacioretty told NHL.com . "  We let our country down , that 's it . " But while there was despair for the U.S. , Selanne was overjoyed and mobbed by his teammates . "  Maybe this was his last game for the national team and as a captain , " Finland coach Erkka Westerlund told reporters . "  It was an excellent game to finish . " Canada goes for a second straight gold in men 's hockey when it faces Sweden on Sunday . Matt oldest winner There was also disappointment for the U.S. in arguably Saturday 's biggest event , the men 's slalom , on the penultimate day of the Olympics as Ted Ligety could n't complete the second run . But at least Ligety already had a gold from the giant slalom . Top spot went to Austria 's Mario Matt , a feel-good story since the 34-year-old became the oldest man ever to claim alpine skiing gold . He edged his countryman and the heavy favorite , Marcel Hirscher . "  Most impressive day in my career , " Matt told reporters . "  It started 14 years ago , and I 'm totally happy that I made it to the finish . " Hirscher leads the circuit in both the slalom and overall standings and almost made up a 1.28-second first-run deficit , finishing 0.28 seconds behind Matt . Ligety was left frustrated with the difficulty of the course and he would n't have been the only one , since half of the top-10 finishers from the first run did n't complete the second . The casualties allowed Norway 's Henrik Kristoffersen to nab the bronze . At 19 , he became the youngest man to win a medal in alpine skiing . "  Not all the best guys had the chance to make it down , unfortunately , but it is what it is , " Ligety told the U.S. ski team 's website . "  I would have liked to have done better , and I put myself in a position to have a chance . "  This course was difficult and it was a battle of attrition . " Julia Dujmovits gave Austria a second gold on snow Saturday , bettering the field in snowboard 's parallel slalom . Norwegian legend If this was Marit Bjoergen 's last Olympics , she went out on a high . Bjoergen led a Norwegian sweep in Nordic skiing 's 30-kilometer race to pick up her third gold of the Games and 10th Olympic medal overall -- no woman has gotten more at the Winter Games . The 33-year-old hinted that she would n't be competing at the 2018 Games in South Korea . "  Four years is a long time , and I 'm not getting younger , " Bjoergen told reporters . "  I 'm also thinking about having a family . I do n't want to do this at 90 percent . " Wild makes history , too Vic Wild , born in the U.S. before switching nationalities to Russia when he married a Russian snowboarder , became the first athlete to win two snowboarding gold medals at the same Olympics when he triumphed in the men 's parallel slalom ahead of Slovenia 's Zan Kosir . Wild is snowboarding for Russia because he said funding was an issue in the U.S. "  I would not have snowboarded for the United States , " Wild told the Wall Street Journal . "  I was done snowboarding . I would have moved on . I would have gone to college and I would have had a great life . "  I had another option -- the only option to snowboard was to go to Russia and snowboard . " With only three medals up for grabs Sunday , Wild boosted Russia 's chances of topping both the medal and gold-medal standings . Russia 's biathlon team also chipped in , capturing gold in the 4 x 7.5 km relay despite missing eight targets . Russia has 29 medals , leading the U.S. by two , and is tied with Norway for 11 golds . Elsewhere , was there any doubt about who would claim the team pursuit gold medals in speed skating ? Probably not . The Netherlands have cleaned up in Sochi and the men and women stood tallest on Saturday , a fitting conclusion given the nation 's superiority on the -- speed skating -- ice .	The U.S. loses to Finland 5-0 in hockey 's bronze medal game The result comes a day after a demoralizing loss to Canada in the semis Austria 's Mario Matt becomes the oldest man to win gold in alpine skiing Norway 's Marit Bjoergen makes history by collecting 10th Olympic medal
CNN  -- Australia got its first Catholic saint Sunday , a feisty 19th-century nun who was briefly excommunicated when her colleagues exposed an abusive priest . Mary MacKillop co-founded the Sisters of St. Joseph of the Sacred Heart in 1867 , and gained a reputation as the first Australian nun to leave the cities and minister to the rural poor . Nuns in her order got evidence that a priest was engaged in "  scandalous behavior , " according to the Rev. Paul Gardiner , who has spent decades researching MacKillop 's life . The nuns reported it to the Rev. Julian Woods , MacKillop 's first spiritual mentor who co-founded the Sisters of St. Joseph . Woods in turn reported the abuse to church authorities , resulting in the Rev. Ambrose Patrick Keating being sent back to Ireland from Kapunda , Australia . But Keating 's friends "  were really upset with Father Woods and thought they could best get at him by getting at Mary , " said Claire Larkin , the chair of the Mary MacKillop Centre in Penola , Australia . "  They told a lot of lies to the bishop , " who excommunicated MacKillop and the entire order in 1871 , she said . Bishop James Quinn revoked the excommunication five months later , on his deathbed , the order says in its biography of Mary MacKillop . But she still had to spend decades fighting local Catholic leaders for control of the order she founded . "  She was a charismatic entrepreneur , " the Rev. Thomas Reese , author of "  Inside the Vatican , " told CNN . "  She was a feminist before her time . She struggled in a male-dominated institution and got things done . " Her familiarity with church politics may have played a role in the instructions she issued to her nuns when women got the vote in Australia . "  It is the duty on us all to vote ... Get advice from some leading man in whom you have confidence or from the priest , but keep your voting secret , " she wrote in 1903 . The order grew to include 300 nuns in Australia and New Zealand by 1891 , its website says , and now has about 1,200 members . She died in 1909 and was beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1995 . The Catholic Church credits her with miraculously helping to cure a woman named Kathleen Evans of cancer . She took to wearing a piece of MacKillop 's clothing pinned to her nightgown and asked her family and friends to pray for MacKillop to intervene with God on her behalf . Her cancer disappeared , Evans said in a statement . Pope Benedict XVI recognized the cure as a miracle in December 2009 , and announced two months later that MacKillop would be canonized . He praised her "  courageous and saintly example of zeal , perseverance and prayer " on Sunday in canonizing her as St. Mary of the Cross MacKillop . Some 4,000 people attended an outdoor mass Sunday to celebrate the canonization in Penola , where she started her ministry in a disused stable . "  It 's so exciting , we 've had a marvellous day , " Larkin said from Penola . "  It 's been a long journey " to sainthood , she said . "  Her dream started in a little country outback town , to think that she 's gotten that recognition . "	NEW : She was a feminist before her time , a Catholic author says The Catholic Church credits her with miraculously curing a woman 's cancer Nuns in Mother Mary MacKillop 's order reported an abusive priest , leading to excommunication She is known as the first Australian nun to minister to the continent 's rural poor
CNN  -- Thai authorities are considering the construction of a super-express waterway through Bangkok to prevent future floods similar to the one that has crippled the Thai capital and brought manufacturing in other parts of the country to a standstill . A team of disaster experts from Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok is now investigating permanent solutions to the disaster that has left hundreds dead . "  One of the urgent solutions is a super-express floodway , " Thanawat Jarupongsakul , from the university 's Unit for Disaster and Land Information Studies , told the Bangkok Post . Under the plan , existing natural canals -- some of them more than 100 kilometers  62 miles  long -- would be linked in a 200-km "  super-highway " that would divert the course of floodwaters from the north . The super-canal would hold 1.6 billion cubic meters of water and drain run-off at a rate of 6,000 cubic meters per second -- the equivalent of two and a half Olympic-sized swimming pools a second . "  This idea is much cheaper than digging a new river as a floodway , " Thanawat said . He said the proposed scheme would involve the construction of a kilometer-wide exclusion zone next to the floodway to prevent properties from being inundated , and a raised highway on both side of the canal . The super-express floodway would then drain upstream run-off directly into the sea . The university team is also looking at other flood-prevention measures such as a better early-warning system , improved water resource management , a flood tax , the use of a flood-risk map for urban development and groundwater-use controls . "  Now , the government must stop -LSB- trying to -RSB- solve flood problems with political methods , " Thanawat told the Bangkok Post . He said poor water management rather than excess rain had caused this year 's severe flooding , adding that natural swamps in the west of Thailand 's Central Plains , which once absorbed water flow , had been developed into industrial and residential areas , blocking the natural floodway . While giant flood tunnels in the Bangkok metropolitan area could drain floodwater from the city , they could not cope with a massive inundation from the north . "  If there is no step forward , foreign investors will eventually disappear from the country and the next generation will be still worried whether flooding will happen or not , " he said .	Thai authorities consider super-express waterway to prevent future floods Under the plan , existing natural canals would be linked in 200-km "  super-highway " Super-canal would hold 1.6 B cubic meters of water and massively speed drain run-off
Are you in Cyprus ? Give us your view on the deal The financial uncertainty in Cyprus is generating images of long lines at ATM machines and anti-European Union protests . It 's a far cry from the promotional images of azure waters and happy holidaymakers used to attract tourists . As debt-laden Cyprus labors to meet requirements for a 10 billion euro  $ 13B  rescue package , a downturn in tourism is probably the last thing it needs . Greek tourism took a hit during last year 's political uncertainty there -- and the U.S. State Department website still carries a warning for U.S. citizens visiting Greece to avoid demonstrations . In a December report , Cyprus ' central bank attributed a 4.1 % increase in tourist arrivals in the first 10 months of 2012 , in part to "  the negative geopolitical conditions in competitor Mediterranean countries . " Protests in Cyprus have so far not resulted in violence , so , in the build up to the vacation season in Europe , how will its tourism sector fare ? Read more : Should I cancel my vacation to Greece ?  2012 Orestis Rossides , the UK director of the Cyprus Tourism Organization , said tourism accounted for roughly 12 % of Cyprus ' GDP , with Britons making up about 40 % of overseas visitors . Rossides pointed out that Cyprus held the EU presidency in the second part of 2012 and had a "  European tourism infrastructure . " He said ATM machines at Larnaca and Paphos international airports -- and all tourist resorts -- were working normally . "  The reports we get from several major Cyprus hotels with a good international reputation is that business is conducted as usual , " he said . Nonetheless British travel association ABTA spokesman Sean Tipton said the crisis and "  largely inaccurate reports of ATMs running out of money " would be impacting bookings . "  The reality for holidaymakers is that everything is running normally , though ABTA would advise taking a supply of euros plus credit cards as a safeguard , " he said . "  Last year reports concerning Greece leaving the euro also had a short term effect on bookings but these returned strongly over the rest of the year and we would anticipate that bookings to Cyprus will also bounce back quickly . " Read more : EU bailouts a vehicle to kick the weak ? UK-based tour and travel company Thomas Cook also said it had not received any reports of concern from hoteliers or guests in Cyprus . "  Our team in Cyprus have told us that ATMs are working as normal and shops and restaurants continue to accept payment cards , " a spokesman said . "  Our recommendation to travelers is to ensure they take a mix of currency and payment cards , including pre-paid currency cards . " The UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office said ATMs , debit and credit cards could be used as normal while Cypriot banks were closed but advised "  taking sufficient euros to cover the duration of your stay , alongside appropriate security precautions against theft . " Germany 's foreign office also suggested travelers consider increasing the amount of cash they carried with them . Read more : Russia bails on Cyprus Simon Calder -- travel journalist and senior travel editor at The Independent newspaper -- said taking extra cash was the only additional precaution he 'd take . "  The only currency that counts is going to be cash euros , " he said . "  I clearly would n't rely on any sort of plastic . Luckily it 's a very crime free place . I would not hesitate to take 500 euros out there in my wallet . " On the up side , Calder said it was likely that Cyprus would offer some great bargains in an effort to attract potentially nervous tourists . "  While the British tend to be quite stoic , other nationalities might be more concerned , " he said . "  There are going to be some great deals particularly when the main season begins in May . " The crisis might help the island balance its economy so that it had "  more to do with tourism and less to do with international finance , " Calder said . The end result -- particularly if Cyprus went back to its pre-euro Cypriot pound and became more affordable -- could be that the island became a better destination for travelers , he said . "  It 's a fantastic destination , with lovely people and fabulous culture . From a tourist perspective it 's going to be very uncomfortable for the next few days -- possibly weeks -- but in the long term I ca n't see anything but people continuing to go there . " Read more : With global instability , who wants to be a tourist ?	Cyprus is trying to reach an agreement with the EU for a 10 billion euro bailout A proposal for a one-off levy on bank deposits resulted in a run on ATM machines Cyprus ' tourist body says its ATMs are working normally and its business as usual Nonetheless , visitors are being advised to travel with more cash than normal
CNN  -- Dr. Jason Diamond knows what it 's like to be sought after . The Beverly Hills plastic surgeon -- first made famous by reality show "  Dr. 90210 " -- has operated on a range of A-list celebrities  though he declines to name them  . Yet even he was unprepared for the clamor that met him when he first visited Dubai in what was meant to be a one-time gig as a guest surgeon . "  For that week , I literally had people waiting until 2am for a consultation . The waiting room was filled 20 people-deep all day long , " he recalls . That was in 2009 . Since , Diamond has returned to the city every two to three months as part of a partnership with the American British Surgical and Medical Centre . Over the years , he has enlisted the Who 's Who of Beverly Hills surgeons to join him at the practice . "  Every time I go , I do n't even sit down . I 'm running around from 7am until midnight . The demand is literally out the door , " he says . In the last couple of years , Dubai has become a nip-and-tuck hub . Where once residents from throughout the GCC would venture to Beverly Hills , Brazil or Beirut for treatments , these days , they 're staying closer to home to have work done . "  In Lebanon , I 'd say it 's been about a 30-40 % drop -LSB- in business -RSB- , " says Dr. Sami Saad , the national secretary for the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery  ISAPS  in Lebanon . "  A lot of surgeons are leaving . They 're moving to Dubai , Abu Dhabi , Qatar and Kuwait . These countries are safer and more attractive for plastic surgeons , " he says . The Botox Brigade Diamond notes that these days , "  there is no paucity of plastic surgeons " in Dubai . According to the Emirates Plastic Surgery Society , their membership has jumped from 60 in 2006 to 150 this year . In fact , there are more cosmetic surgeons per citizen in the UAE than in either Brazil or the United States -- two nations lauded for their love of the scalpel . "  The market is very saturated , " notes Dr. Luiz Toledo , a plastic surgeon who moved his practice to Dubai from Brazil in 2005 who is also on the scientific committee of the Emirates Plastic Surgery Society . "  Every day I get emails -LSB- from surgeons -RSB- saying , ' I heard Dubai is good for business . I want to come and visit , do some work , then come back home . ' Everybody thinks Dubai is this mecca full of rich people . They think they 'll come over and find gold on the streets . It 's not like that ; it 's hard work , " he says . Despite the influx , experts say demand for plastic surgery is on the rise . According to the Dubai Health Authority  DHA  , in 2012 , medical tourists made up 8.7 % of total health sector revenue , with many seeking cosmetic procedures . "  The industry is growing very fast , " notes Vasilica Baltateanu , founder of Dubai plastic surgery consultancy Vasilica Aesthetics . She says the city 's healthcare market is expected to grow 11.4 % over the next two years . A beauty smorgasbord As Dubai is one of the most multicultural cities in the world  200 different nationalities call the emirate home  , it 's no surprise that surgeons are noticing a broad demographic willing to go under the knife . "  Last year , I saw patients from 73 nationalities , which is a record , " says Toledo . Though patients come from as far afield as Africa and Eastern Europe , the majority , he says , come from the GCC , with many making the trip from Saudi Arabia . Diamond also reports having operated on many Saudi woman , who traditionally wear a veil in their day-to-day lives . "  In America , you 're not exposed to too many people who cover their face , and you assume those who do do n't care about their appearance because they never show it off . But once you get to know the culture , you realize they 're not that different from us . Middle Eastern women love looking good just as much as American women do , " he says . And it 's not just women investing in their looks . Surgeons in the area have reported seeing a growing number of men in their clinics , as well as teenagers  Baltateanu estimates that 15 % of plastic surgery patients in the UAE are under 23  . She adds that in her experience , Arab patients are often more gung-ho than their Western counterparts . "  In Europe , America and Australia , people will try to adopt their lifestyle first . Liposuction , for instance , would be a last resort after you 've tried everything else . Here , it 's more , ` I 've gained some weight , I 'll get some lipo , ' and they 'll get the treatment four or five times , which is when it becomes dangerous , " she warns . Part of her job , she says , is discouraging patients from over-indulging in treatments .	Dubai has dethroned Lebanon as plastic surgery capital of Middle East There are nearly 3 times as many plastic surgeons in Dubai as there were in 2006 15 % of surgeries are performed on men
CNN  -- After months of grinding civil war , with supporters of Moammar Gadhafi slowly yielding territory to anti-Gadhafi rebels , the final battle for Libya 's liberation unleashed an apparent bloodbath . Gadhafi was killed after being captured last week , and the circumstances of his death remain unclear . Human Rights Watch says dozens of apparent reprisal killings also occurred on both sides . Such violence can be common in the aftermath of a long dictatorship , when desired and even cathartic revenge against oppressors competes with efforts to establish the rule of law and stability . Is the mayhem committed with seeming impunity an unavoidable result of revolution , or does it reveal inherent instability in a society damaged by decades of unjust , corrupt and oppressive rule ? To Bruce Riedel , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution 's Saban Center for Middle East Policy , the answer comes from China 's communist revolutionary leader , Mao Tse-tung , who is quoted as having said : "  A revolution is not a tea party . " "  The aftermath of a very brutal dictatorship is usually very ugly , " Riedel said Tuesday . "  Of course , it would have been better if Mr. Gadhafi was put before a trial and held accountable for all his crimes . ... I think it 's unrealistic to expect that 's going to happen . " In the chaos of a firefight surrounding the capture of such a despised tyrant , it 's not surprising that an enemy -- perhaps someone whose family suffered at the hands of the Gadhafi regime -- might have decided to kill him , Riedel added . "  It 's not going to be a moment to read them their Miranda rights , " he said . Gadhafi and son buried in secret location Human Rights Watch has called for Libya 's governing National Transitional Council to investigate the killing of Gadhafi and others , including 53 people found dead and perhaps summarily executed in a hotel under the control of anti-Gadhafi forces . Such violence constitutes a war crime , the group said . "  A failure by the NTC to investigate these deaths promptly and impartially , along with the many alleged war crimes by Gaddafi forces , would send a dangerous message that Libyans can take justice into their own hands , " said an HRW statement . In a statement , the NTC 's executive office said Tuesday that it "  attaches great importance to the concerted efforts deployed to ensure humane treatment , in accordance with the principles of international human rights covenants , to all Libyan and foreign prisoners and detainees . Under the supervision of the Ministry of Justice all cases and detention conditions will be considered and reviewed ; fair trials will be guaranteed for those suspected of committing war crimes or criminal acts . " Opinion : U.S enters Libya , leaves Iraq It said it had coordinated with the High Security Council , which oversees security units , "  to ensure all prisoners and detainees are well treated until they are brought before the judicial authorities . " "  We do not tolerate , and in fact we disapprove of any prisoner being hurt , let alone killed , " the NTC said in a statement . "  We did not want to end this tyrant 's life before he was brought to court , and before he answered questions that have deprived Libyans from sleep and tormented them for years . " History shows that in a revolution , the victor reaps the spoils , including revenge against those formerly in power . The French Revolution had the guillotine , while modern-day despots have met less ritualized but equally inglorious ends . In Afghanistan , the former Soviet-backed leader Najibullah was tortured , killed and publicly hanged when the Taliban came to power in 1996 . Another Soviet-era dictator , Nicolae Ceaucescu of Romania , was executed after a very quick trial on Christmas Day in 1989 . Saddam Hussein , who was captured by U.S. forces in 2003 , stood trial under Iraq 's justice system and was hanged three years later , while former Serbian strongman Slobodan Milosevic died in the custody of the International Criminal Court . Opinion : Investigate Gadhafi 's death as a war crime Other dictators , including Mobutu Sese Seko of the former Zaire and Mengistu Haile Mariam of Ethiopia , managed to flee into exile . To Riedel , the killing of Gadhafi sends a message to autocratic rulers such as President Bashar al-Assad of Syria that "  the day of reckoning will come , and when the day of reckoning comes , you 'd better have your tickets for a plane to exile . " Violence at the hands of the former Libyan rebels , now in power under the National Transitional Council , should not come as a surprise to anyone , he said . "  I find it a little disingenuous for some to be saying , ` We thought these guys were the good guys , ' " Riedel said . "  How did you expect this was going to end ? " Ibrahim Sharqieh , deputy director of the Brookings Doha Center , noted in an October 6 column that the brutality of the Gadhafi years means "  Libyans will likely find themselves using retributive justice against certain members of the regime , particularly against those who were involved in the killing of innocent civilians . " "  This will be difficult to avoid , " Sharqieh wrote after the regime was toppled but before Gadhafi 's capture and killing effectively ended the fighting . "  Libyans are likely to want to pursue this path for the cathartic psychological impact it would have on the grieving families of the regime 's victims and the society in general . " While such retribution "  may provide some psychological release to victims , Libyans must realize that this is not the type of justice that will help their country move into a new era of stability , reconstruction and development , " Sharqieh added . "  Indeed , Libyans need to engage in a wide national reconciliation process that uses restorative , rather than retributive , tactics to repair broken relationships and heal deep wounds , " he wrote . Riedel rejected any suggestion that NATO forces or the United States , which spearheaded a military mission to ground Libya 's air force and attack government forces , bore responsibility for the extra-judicial killing of Gadhafi after his capture . President Barack Obama 's decision to limit U.S. engagement and reject putting "  boots on the ground " prevented any chance that foreign forces could control the situation , he said . "  I 'm glad we did n't have boots on the ground , " Riedel added . "  If one of the prices of that is we had no control over the last moments of Moammar Gadhafi , I think we were better off not having boots on the ground . " Former CIA Director Michael Hayden , a retired general who contributes to CNN , called for U.S. engagement with the newly liberated Libya to prevent a societal collapse in the aftermath of the Gadhafi regime . "  If Libya is left to its own devices , it is not difficult to conceive of it becoming Somalia on the Mediterranean , an ungoverned space threatening the heart of Europe as well as critical international lines of communication , " Hayden wrote in a column published Tuesday .	Human Rights Watch calls for investigations of apparent reprisal killings "  The aftermath of a very brutal dictatorship is usually very ugly , " an analyst says "  A revolution is not a tea party , " China 's Mao Tse-tung said Like Gadhafi , other dictators also have met inglorious ends
Atlanta  CNN  -- A Georgia woman has been convicted of human trafficking and other charges for bringing two Nigerian women to the United States and forcing them to work in her lavish home like slaves , the U.S. Justice Department said Monday . Bidemi Bello , 41 , was convicted on eight counts by a federal jury late last week : two counts each of forced labor , trafficking for forced labor and making false statements in an application to become a U.S. citizen , and one count each of document servitude and alien harboring . "  The evidence showed that this was a case of modern-day slavery hidden within an expensive home in an upscale neighborhood , " said Sally Quillian Yates , U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Georgia . Bello recruited her first victim , identified as "  Laome , " in 2001 , according to prosecutors . The girl was 17 when she traveled , using a fake British passport that Bello had gotten for her , they said . The second victim , identified as "  Dupe , " traveled to the United States in 2004 , when she was 20 , also on a fake passport . Both women were promised a better life and told that Bello would help further their educations . But upon arriving in the United States , they discovered a decidedly darker reality . Bello beat the women for any perceived infraction -- not cleaning well , not responding quickly enough to the cries of her child , talking back -- with whatever weapon was available : shoes , a large wooden spoon , electric cords and her hands , evidence showed . Testimony also revealed that Bello forced the women to sleep on the floor or couch and bathe with a bucket . They were not allowed to eat what they cooked , and Bello sometimes gave the women spoiled food , evidence showed . Prosecutors said Bello never paid the women for their years of work and made them dependent on her for all their basic necessities . Attempts to contact Bello 's attorney were unsuccessful Monday . Laome managed to escape with the help of a friend , buried beneath blankets in the back of the other woman 's car , while Dupe scrounged enough money to pay for a cab and sought help at a local church , prosecutors said . Both women testified during the one-week trial . Bello , who holds both American and Nigerian citizenship , is scheduled to be sentenced August 24 . The two forced labor charges and the two trafficking for forced labor charges carry a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 . She is also expected to be stripped of her American citizenship , said Assistant U.S. Attorney Susan Coppedge . If she is , Bello would be deported after serving her expected sentence . Around the world , as estimated 12.3 million adults and children -- 56 % of whom are women and girls -- are the victims of forced labor , bonded labor and sex slavery , according to U.S. State Department . The trade puts approximately $ 32 billion into the pockets of traffickers each year . Coppedge , who is helping prosecute Bello 's case , said she is sure similar cases exist in Atlanta and elsewhere in the United States . "  Unfortunately , yes , " she said . "  I do think there are others . " Her office urged anyone with information on a human trafficking case to contact the Atlanta FBI at 404679-9000 .	Bidemi Bello was found guilty on eight counts An attorney describes the case as one of "  modern-day slavery " Bello had promised to help further the women 's educations She never paid them and repeatedly beat both women , evidence shows
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Is Jerry Brown planning to run for governor of California next year ? He sure sounded like it when I spoke with him this week . Jerry Brown , a one-time governor of California , is reportedly looking to run again next year . Brown was first elected governor of California in 1974 . At age 36 . He was -- and still is -- the state 's youngest governor since the turn of the 20th century . And now ? "  I think about the problems of California all the time , and , with the experience I 've had as attorney general , lawyer to most of the state agencies , mayor for eight years and governor for eight years , I 'd like to tackle the challenges that face the state , " Brown told me . "  I do n't say that solving that budget thing is going to come easy , maybe not even in the first year , but I really think I can make an impact , particularly in energy , prison reform , education and water . " Brown , currently the state 's attorney general , adds : "  I would work very hard to transcend the poison of partisanship which has totally changed state government for the worse since I was there . " In fact , polls suggest Brown is the frontrunner in next year 's race for California governor . He 's 71 years old . If he wins , he would also become California 's oldest governor . Republican contender Steve Poizner alluded to that fact when his Web site marked the 40th anniversary of the day Brown first ran for public office . "  When it comes to Jerry Brown and Election Day for California voters , it reminds us of the film ` Groundhog Day . ' Every day is the same . Jerry 's always on the ballot , " Poizner said . California 's got huge problems , daunting even for "  The Governator , " Arnold Schwarzenegger . So I asked Brown , "  Why would anybody want to be governor of California ? " "  That is really a critical question . Having been there , I have to reflect on that , " Brown answered . "  It is an impossible job , or nearly impossible , but quite frankly I love this kind of work . " For Brown , it 's the challenge -- one challenge in particular . "  That 's one of the reasons I 'm seriously thinking about running , " Brown told me . "  I consider a it challenge worthy of all the imagination and energy I can bring to bear to try to unravel this poisonous partisan mess that state government has become . " During his two terms as governor , Brown captured the public imagination . He was new , young , unconventional , cutting edge . He was called "  Governor Moonbeam . " Has he changed ? Well , he did get married four years ago . "  When I was governor , I was n't married . I stayed at the office until 11 or 12 o'clock at night and then went and spent a little time in Sacramento , " Brown said . "  Other people say that I 'm a hell of a lot better now , having married Anne . All I can say is , good , I 'm glad of that . " Can a 71-year-old man still be cutting edge ? His thinking remains unconventional . "  I went to a Jesuit seminary and I lived in a very authoritarian , very black-and-white world , " Brown explained . "  When I left that a long time ago , I retained a skepticism and an independence and an inquiring mind that does n't easily fit into the mold of either of the parties . " Brown may be the only politician ever brought down by an insect . In 1981 , his handling of a Mediterranean fruit fly infestation that threatened the state 's crops caused a lot of voters to hit the roof and doomed his 1982 Senate campaign . Asked about his biggest mistakes , Brown answers Jesuitically . "  Even though I used to go to confession quite regularly in my youth , I hesitate to enumerate my flaws . My critics have done that so eloquently that I would rather leave it there , " Brown told me . Brown ran for president three times . Does he still harbor those ambitions ? "  I 'd say those ambitions have dissipated with time . Certainly , if I do run for governor , that 's enough for one lifetime , " Brown says today . When Brown lost his bid for the Senate in 1982 , he turned around and started a whole new political career , from the bottom : party chairman , radio talk show host , mayor of Oakland , and now attorney general . Who says there are no second acts in American lives ? After all , this is California .	Jerry Brown is currently California 's attorney general Polls suggest Brown is the frontrunner in next year 's race for California governor Brown was first elected governor of California in 1974 "  I would work very hard to transcend the poison of partisanship , " he says
Girl Power was a first-time topic for our Sunday trip around the "  Inside Politics " table , along with some key things -- and people -- to watch for as we leave 2014 behind and brace for 2015 and 2016 . CNN 's John King and other top political reporters empty out their notebooks each Sunday on "  Inside Politics " to reveal five things that will be in the headlines in the days , weeks and months ahead . 1 . An Obama briefing room strategy that may be popular at home -- and with Hillary Clinton President Obama had a busy Friday -- delaying his Hawaii vacation so he could hold his year-end news conference and sit down for a farewell interview with CNN 's Candy Crowley . So might the wife and kids be a little peeved that their Christmas break got off to a later start ? Not so fast , says Bloomberg 's Margaret Talev . At that press conference , the president called only on women reporters , and Talev suggests there might be a benefit -- or benefits -- for the commander in chief . "  Some may have just been goodwill to appease Michelle and the girls before he embarks on several rounds of golf in Hawaii , but there are a couple other things at play , " said Talev . "  Some of this is about his own legacy , but a lot is about gearing up for 2016 . The women 's vote is going to be essential for Hillary Clinton  Republicans are trying to work on that as well  . And you 're seeing him set up that fight going into the new year . " 2 . Clintons are "  going crazy " because they think Warren 's gearing up for a run Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren insists she is not not not not not going to run for president in 2016 . But that wo n't stop liberal groups from pleading . And Jonathan Martin of The New York Times shared with us reporting on how Warren plans to be a constant source of pressure on front-runner Clinton even if she never comes close to being a candidate . "  I talked to a longtime friend of hers who said the Clintons do n't understand this -- they think this is all some kind of a setup for her to run for president , " said Martin . "  This friend of Warren said this is who she is . She really believes in this stuff . And she gets the fact that she has this moment , and she 's taking advantage of that . " 3 . Jindal a 2016 GOP sleeper to watch in Iowa Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal fires out frequent press releases to national political reporters and aggressively makes the rounds to the states and events that raise a presidential profile . Yet he has been largely ignored in 2016 speculation and barely registers in polls . But Robert Costa of The Washington Post says his recent visit to Iowa convinced him to keep an eye on Jindal and his early efforts . "  He may be a Catholic convert , he may be from a Southern state , but he spent a lot of time this week making connections with Iowa evangelicals , " said Costa . "  I was with him in West Des Moines and he spent over three hours shaking hands , making a speech about his conversion and his roots and his family 's immigrant story . " 4 . Should all eyes be on the House ? The spotlight will be on the new Republican Senate majority and Majority Leader Mitch McConnell when the 114th Congress gavels in . But maybe the other chamber is really the one to watch . A lot of the new senators are expected to vote with the GOP leadership , but insiders on the Hill have been telling The Atlantic 's Molly Ball that there 's a lot more uncertainty about what 's going to happen in the House . "  It 's a real wild card in the House whether  Speaker John  Boehner is going to be empowered by this larger majority or whether they 're going to be a bigger thorn in his side in the way we 've seen in the past , " said Ball . "  So as we look to whether the relative harmony and lack of drama of this lame-duck period can continue in the new Congress , I think that 's going to be a major factor . " 5 . February flashpoints will test McConnell 's new role and the tea party 's power January will likely be a relatively peaceful month here in Washington . The new Congress will be organizing and the President will deliver his State of the Union address . But February will hit some major Republican flashpoints . Congress first and foremost needs to revisit the immigration debate , because it has to fund the Department of Homeland Security . And it is in February when McConnell plans to have his promised vote to repeal Obamacare . McConnell knows he does n't have the votes for an Obamacare repeal or to force any sweeping reversals of the new White House immigration policy . So what he 's hoping for is to put some votes on the record and then look for incremental steps on things that can inspire at least modest Democratic support . He believes the vast majority of his Republican members are ready now to ignore the tea party complaints of surrender . McConnell 's take is that 2014 proved the tea party is loud , but not able to deliver on threats to Republican incumbents . February will test whether other Republicans buy that .	The calculations behind Obama 's "  girl power " moment at the press briefing Clintons "  going crazy " because they think Warren 's going to run Does the House hold the key to whether Congress is naughty or nice in 2015 ?
CNN  -- The fledgling International Premier Tennis League suffered a blow when two of the world 's most recognized female athletes snubbed the event . Max Eisenbud , the agent of both Maria Sharapova and Li Na , told CNN on Thursday that neither would be appearing in the team tournament that is set to make its debut in Asia this November . Sharapova transcends tennis and has long been a magnet for sponsors -- the Russian is perennially listed as the world 's richest female athlete by Forbes -- while China 's Li is one of the marquee names in Asia , having captured a second grand slam title at the Australian Open in January . Li was "  confirmed " as one of the entrants by the League in a press release last May . "  Maria and Li Na will not be participating , " Eisenbud said in an email . Mahesh Bhupathi , a grand slam doubles winner and the main man behind the project modeled after cricket 's highly successful Indian Premier League , will now be hoping he can secure the likes of Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray . Roger Federer , the 17-time grand slam champion and still the biggest name in the sport , told Gulf News this week he generally backed the idea . The player list is expected to be revealed Friday . "  Firstly , I want to see whether it takes off or not , " Federer told Gulf News . "  I know a lot of people have invested in it or are part of it . Anywhere where tennis grows is a good thing , so I hope it takes off and becomes very successful . "  In Asia , there is enormous potential  for tennis to grow  , in places like China and India due to the amount of people that live there and the excitement they have for tennis . " The tournament sees five teams -- based in Mumbai , Singapore , Bangkok , Kuala Lumpur and another city yet to be officially revealed -- play each other over a roughly three-week period . Matches are contested over five sets but will employ no-ad scoring . One set is played in each of men 's singles , women 's singles , men 's doubles , mixed doubles and legends doubles . Optimism was initially high , with Boris Becker a founding partner of the league and Djokovic -- now coached by Becker -- calling it a "  revolutionary idea . " However , there have been delays in the player auction and the League was originally supposed to have six teams , not five . "  I think it will be great for tennis if it can be pulled off , " said Eisenbud . "  I just do n't see how it could ever work , but I hope I am wrong , " he added without elaborating . A tennis insider who spoke on the condition of anonymity told CNN he did n't know if the TV revenue was in place to fund salaries and other costs . However , Peter Hutton , CEO of MP and Silva , the firm distributing television rights , said there has been "  considerable interest both in Asia and outside . " "  We 've been waiting to see the selection of the franchise squads before finalizing any broadcast deals , " he told CNN . "  Mahesh 's personal credibility and his contacts within the world of tennis have made people sit up and take notice , and we believe that the ` made for tv ' format is a good model on which to grow audiences for tennis worldwide . " Bhupathi did n't return an email seeking comment Thursday . Apart from who will show up , another question is : How can players complain about a long tennis year but then commit a chunk of the off-season to a tournament ? Pros from the U.S. and Europe also face the prospect of making the long trip to Asia -- after completing the Asian chunk of the schedule weeks or a month before .	Maria Sharapova and Li Na wo n't be competing in the new IPTL , their agent says Sharapova is arguably the biggest name in women 's tennis and Li is hugely popular in Asia The IPTL is hoping to be as successful as cricket 's established IPL The official player list is expected to be revealed on Friday
Washington  CNN  -- Religion is a growing factor in world affairs , but the U.S. government tends to view it through the lens of counterterrorism . That 's the conclusion of a two-year study by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs . The success of American diplomacy in the next decade "  will be measured by its ability to connect with the hundreds of millions of people throughout the world whose identity is defined by religion , " the report says . "  The challenge before us is to marginalize religious extremists , not religion , " it concludes . The report , "  Engaging Religious Communities Abroad : A New Imperative for U.S. Foreign Policy , " finds the key challenge for America internationally is to "  understand the role of religion in world affairs and to constructively engage with religious communities around the world . " The report , presented to the White House this week , was written by task force of 32 experts , including former government officials , religious leaders , heads of international organizations and scholars . Religious communities , they point out , are central players in major developments around the world : the war in Afghanistan , the promotion of human rights , environmental policy and the pursuit of peace . "  Well-organized and well-funded extremist groups also use religion , " they say , "  to deepen existing cultural and political fault lines and justify militancy and terrorism . " "  Religion has played a negative role in U.S. foreign policy in the past , especially in relations with the Muslim world , " notes Thomas Wright , executive director of studies for the Chicago Council on Global Affairs and the report 's project director . The strategy of engaging religious communities is not trying to circumvent the First Amendment , observed Wright . "  The separation of church and state is vital and must be preserved in foreign as well as domestic policy , " Wright said . But citing President Obama 's Cairo speech to the Muslim world in June 2009 , Wright said "  the United States has greatly improved its capacity to understand religious dynamics in world affairs . " The report notes the speech "  set the stage for a new departure in U.S. foreign policy toward Muslim communities " but "  the scope must be much broader . " "  Engaging Islam is only one very crucial component of a larger challenge ... engaging the multitude of religious communities across the world as an integral part of our foreign policy . " Without "  more serious and thoughtful engagement " with religion , the report says , "  U.S. foreign policy will miss important opportunities . "	Chicago Council on Global Affairs issues two-year study on religion , foreign policy Report : U.S. government tends to view religion through the lens of counterterrorism It says major challenge for U.S. is to understand powerful role of religion in other societies Report specifically points out negative relations with the Muslim world
CNN  -- Whoever killed six people in a Memphis , Tennessee , home may still be on the loose , police said Tuesday . They asked the community for help in solving the slayings . Police and fire units responded Monday after six people were killed in Memphis , Tennessee . Police found six people -- two men , two women and two boys -- dead in a home in a north Memphis neighborhood Monday , said Memphis police Lt. Joe Scott . Three other children who were wounded in the home were taken to a hospital . Scott did not release the names of the victims . He said there was no sign of forced entry into the home , and evidence at the scene indicated that the killer or killers left the house . Detectives were trying to determine the day of the killings , which could have occurred as early as Saturday , Scott said . He said police had not developed a suspect and need people to come forward with information . "  We need the community 's help , " he said . "  These were children that were brutally killed . We know that there are people out there that heard things , saw something . This is a stain on our community . We really need the community 's help to solve this . " The four dead adults were shot and the two dead children were stabbed , sources told CNN affiliate WMC-TV . The wounded children -- a 7-year-old boy , a 10-month-old girl and a 4-year-old whose gender was n't immediately known -- were transported to Le Bonheur Children 's Medical Center . They were treated for gunshot wounds , said hospital spokeswoman Jennilyn Utkov , who said she did not have any additional information about their conditions . At least one of the wounded children also was stabbed , police told the Commercial Appeal newspaper . The newspaper reported Tuesday that two of them were in very critical condition and one was in serious condition . A neighbor told CNN Tuesday that he heard gunshots coming from the house Saturday night . "  I heard about six or seven shots , " said Wayne Bolden , a landscaper who said he lives across the street from the home where the killings occurred . "  I did not call the police because you always hear shooting in this neighborhood . Now I wish I would have called . " He said he did not see any movement at the home the next day . The two cars , a van and a passenger car , never moved . Monday , he saw many police cars at the home and heard about the killings , he said . Bolden said a family that included a man , a woman and five or six children moved into the home about five months ago . "  I did not know him by name , " Bolden said of the man . "  But the kids were always out playing , and he would barbecue outside on his front porch . " A prayer service was held for the victims Tuesday morning at the family 's nearby church , said Keith Norman , senior pastor at First Baptist Church . He said he had been asked by the police to counsel the family members of the victims . Another prayer service was scheduled for 6 p.m. , he said , and some of the victims ' family members are expected to attend . "  There are multiple families affected by this , " said Norman , who said he did not want to speak about what led to the killings . "  We are just praying for the family members and trying to help them get through this . " Police do not know what was behind the violence , the Commercial Appeal newspaper reported . "  We just do n't know the motive or cause of death , but we do have four adults and two children -LSB- dead -RSB- , " Memphis police Lt. Jerry Guin told the paper . Rob Robinson told the Commercial Appeal that he was the landlord for the brick , single-family house that rented for $ 550 per month . "  They were very nice , very polite to me , " Robinson told the paper of the residents . "  It 's kind of surprising , actually . I 've never had any trouble with them , no damage to the property . They paid their rent and even helped with repairs and stuff . " Neighbor Leo Baker told WMC-TV he has lived nearby for 10 years but did not know the residents of the home . "  It 's sad you come home to find out something like this has gone on , " Baker said . "  It 's kind of sad , and scary too . " Video footage showed emergency vehicles on the scene , with people embracing in rainy weather outside police tape surrounding the home . "  I 've been on a scene where there were one or two or three -LSB- victims -RSB- , but I do n't remember anything this large , " Guin told the Commercial Appeal . The newspaper reported that the shooting appeared to be the city 's deadliest mass killing since 1973 , when 28-year-old David Sanders randomly shot and killed five people before being shot dead by police . In 2000 , police said firefighter Frederick Williams confessed to a shooting in Memphis in which four people were killed -- his wife , a sheriff 's deputy and two fellow firefighters . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Police believe killer or killers left the Memphis house where 6 people slain Neighbor says he heard shots Saturday night , did n't call police Police : Four adults , two kids killed ; 3 other children wounded 7-year-old , 4-year-old , and 10-month-old hospitalized
Washington  CNN  Democrats who have gleefully watched Republican infighting for years are about to feel some heat of their own . As the party works to retake control of the Senate in 2016 , Democrats are looking at a Senate landscape that could feature titanic intraparty clashes starring big personalities who have been waiting years for a shot at the big time . It 's a big shift from recent years when Republicans , riven by long-standing ideological fault lines , faced divisive and attention-grabbing primaries , usually pitting a party favorite against insurgents from the conservative grassroots . Memorably , in 2010 and 2012 , the fights were so damaging that Republicans failed to pick up winnable Senate seats by nominating flagrantly unprepared candidates . Democrats , for the most part , have not had to face the same problem . But that might be changing . While the fields of candidates are still taking shape , a platoon of Democrats are mulling Senate bids in Ohio , Florida , Maryland , California , Pennsylvania and Illinois . While many of them have yet to formally declare campaigns , none possess the kind of field-clearing star power that could help Democrats avoid a primary bonanza , and few show signs of putting their ambitions aside for the sake of party unity . Republican primary battles are n't going anywhere in 2016 , and on the presidential level , Democrats continue to line up behind Hillary Clinton as their nominee , without a whiff a serious primary challenge . But there is a different story unfolding in the next race for the Senate , where the question is whether Democrats will cleave along ideological and generational lines in primary fights , jeopardizing the party 's hopes of regaining control of the the Upper Chamber . "  The great irony of Democrats celebrating fissures amongst Republicans in recent years is that historically they 're much less capable of confronting the extreme elements within their party than the GOP , " said Josh Holmes , a former top strategist to Republican Senate Leader Mitch McConnell . "  Now we 're watching several years of pent-up liberal aggression about to spill into divisive primaries that will undoubtedly complicate things considerably for their Senate chances . " Democrats scoff at the idea , claiming that no potential candidate has the ability to fumble away a Senate win against the many Republicans up for re-election next year . Of the nine Senate seats rated as toss-up or competitive the Rothenberg & Gonzales Political Report , seven of them are held by Republicans elected in the tea party wave of 2010 . Democrats need a net gain of five seats to take back the Senate . "  Unfortunately for the numerous vulnerable Republican senators , there are no Todd Akins here , and there is n't a single state on the map with a Democratic primary that will negatively impact our ability win the state , " said Justin Barasky , the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee 's communications director . Akin , of course , was the GOP nominee in Missouri in 2012 who derailed his own campaign with a comment about "  legitimate rape . " Last cycle , Barasky said , Democrats witnessed hotly contested Senate primaries in New Jersey , Massachusetts and Hawaii . All of those fights were in blue states , of course . But none of them resulted in a November loss for Democrats . Republicans , though , are hoping to breathe life into the narrative , especially with Democratic primaries brewing in the competitive states of Florida and Ohio . "  Democrats are facing messy primaries in key Senate races across the country , and there does n't seem to be any end in sight , " said Andrea Bozek , communications director for the National Republican Senatorial Committee . "  The infighting is so bad that it 's not just limited to candidates in key races , but is even playing out between Harry Reid and the DSCC in Washington . " The most crowded lane , for now , appears to be in Maryland , where five-term Sen. Barbara Mikulski is retiring . In a state that reliably goes blue in federal elections , the retirement has at long last opened a door for a raft of Democrats in Congress eyeing higher office . With the exception of House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer , nearly every Democrat in Maryland 's eight-member congressional delegation has signaled some kind of interest in the Senate seat . NAACP President Benjamin Jealous and Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake have also been floated as contenders . Despite the microscopic ideological differences between the likely candidates , the race has already been heralded as a battle between the party 's play-it-safe establishment and its restive liberal wing . Harry Reid , the Democratic leader in the Senate , declined to stay neutral and promptly endorsed Rep. Chris Van Hollen for the seat , a sign that the national party apparatus might be in his corner . The DSCC , however , has not picked a side in the race . Progressive groups , meanwhile , have championed a known figure from their community : Rep. Donna Edwards , who joined the race last week vowing to protect Social Security and Medicare , "  no ifs ands buts or willing-to-considers . " That was seen as a poke at Van Hollen , who said in 2012 he was "  willing to consider " entitlement changes as part of deficit negotiations . But even if the primary turns into a pitched battle over progressive priorities , there is little chance the nomination fight would hinder Democratic hopes in Maryland , which has n't seen a GOP senator since Charles Mathias in 1987 . And Mathias , a civil rights advocate and skeptic of Ronald Reagan , was one of the most liberal members of the Republican Party . Republicans are also hoping for Democratic carnage in Ohio , where Sen. Rob Portman is up for re-election . National Democrats have endorsed former Gov. Ted Strickland for the nomination , but the news did not force P.G. Sittenfeld , an up-and-coming 30-year-old Cincinnati city councilman , out of the race . Democrats are skeptical that Sittenfeld can raise the kind of money to compete against Strickland and Portman , but if he does , his candidacy will make for a stark contrast against the 73-year old Strickland . In an interview , Sittenfeld spoke critically of Portman , calling him "  a 25-year creature of Washington " who is "  out of touch " with Ohio . But the next-generation rhetoric could also stir inevitable questions about Strickland 's age . "  I fit the mold for new leadership , " Sittenfeld told CNN in an interview , careful to note his admiration for Strickland and stressing that he is running against Portman . "  If you put together 100 people into the Senate , would n't you want at least one person from the largest generation in American history , the most technologically savvy generation in American history ? " Sittenfeld asked . "  How can we invest in technology and innovation to solve problems when we are rehashing stale battles ? " As in Maryland , there appear to be no major early-stage differences between Strickland and Sittenfeld on the issues , which again suggests that the Democratic primary boom of 2016 is more about timing and opportunity than anything else . With a presidential election on the ballot , increased voter turnout is expected to give Democrats a lift in the general election . "  There is an ideological reason for running , but let 's not separate that from a path to victory , " said Nathan Gonzales , editor of the Gonzales & Rothenberg Report . "  Primaries happen when multiple candidates see a good opportunity . Democrats have good opportunities in multiple states this cycle , specifically in Maryland . The Democratic nomination is incredibly valuable because Maryland is a Democratic state . Lots of candidates see paths to victory and think , ` Why not me ? Why not now ? ' " And while primaries can drain financial resources and drive uncomfortable headlines , the contests are not necessarily damaging , Gonzales said . "  Crowded and expensive primaries do not prohibit general election victory , " he said . "  That does n't mean that a party ca n't win . " Brad Todd , a Republican consultant who worked on several top tier Senate races in 2014 , said the primaries might boost Democrats . "  Some of those primaries will animate elements of their base , including some donors , more than the general elections , " he said . But Todd said the rush of primary activity for Democrats does not compare to the pitched tea party-versus-establishment battles that have roiled his party for years . "  I do n't see that happening with Democrats as much as it does with Republicans since all of their candidates are pretty much orthodox liberals , " he said . "  There 's no such thing as a centrist Democrat anymore , so there wo n't be nearly as many sabers to rattle against them in primaries . "	Recently , it 's been Republicans who have been in attention-getting , bruising primaries A platoon of Democrats are mulling Senate bids in Ohio , Florida , Maryland , California , Pennsylvania and Illinois Of the nine Senate seats rated as toss-up or competitive in 2016 , seven are held by Republicans
CNN  -- The 2014 Emmy nominations were announced on Thursday , with "  Game of Thrones " in the lead with a total of 19 nods , and "  Breaking Bad " getting its final round of recognition . The announcement , made by Mindy Kaling and "  The Voice 's " Carson Daly , revealed strong competition but few surprises , with series like "  True Detective " and "  Orange Is the New Black " getting their expected  and deserved  due . Here 's what else we learned from the 2014 Emmy nominations  See the list of nominations here  : 1 . So many dramas , so little room This year 's drama category name-checks some of the predicted suspects -- "  Breaking Bad , " "  House of Cards , " "  Mad Men " -- while welcoming a new player : HBO 's "  True Detective . " The show 's inclusion in the category was controversial , since the program is structured more like a miniseries : its second season will tell a new story with a new cast of characters . But HBO submitted it as a drama , and Emmy voters clearly responded -- evidently more than they did for "  Homeland , " the Showtime series that was once the belle of the Emmys ball .  Last year , 13 nominations . This year ? A total of four . Yet even with such a strong cast of nominees , fans of "  Orphan Black , " The Americans " and "  The Walking Dead " are somewhere bemoaning the Emmys ' oversight of those series once again . 2 . Netflix 's seat at the table is a lock What a difference a year makes . With the 2013 Emmys , Netflix was the new kid on the block , breaking ground with its nominations for its shining original series , "  House of Cards . " But in 2014 , the streaming service has locked down 31 nominations , including a nod to Ricky Gervais for outstanding lead actor in a comedy in his new show , "  Derek . " 3 . Plenty of fresh faces -- but where 's Tatiana Maslany ? With so many first-timers included in the Emmy nominations this year , we would 've guessed that "  Orphan Black 's " star Tatiana Maslany would 've been among them , for sure . But no , it looks like the talented actress -- who 's been receiving praise from The New York Times to Variety to , yes , CNN -- has been passed over once again . CNN 10 Fresh Faces : Tatiana Maslany and more Here 's some good news , though : the Emmys did n't forget "  Masters of Sex " star Lizzy Caplan , or Lena Headey  "  Game of Thrones "  , or Taylor Schilling and Kate Mulgrew  "  Orange Is The New Black "  . Plus , newcomers like FX 's miniseries "  Fargo " got plenty of love : it was right behind "  Game of Thrones " for most nominations , with 18 . 4 . From the Oscars to the Emmys As if we needed more proof that some of the best work is being done on TV , two of the standout nominees this year are fresh off their stint at the Oscars in March . Chiwetel Ejiofor , who was nominated for best actor at the 2014 Oscars for "  12 Years A Slave , " has picked up his first Emmy nomination for the miniseries "  Dancing on the Edge . " And Matthew McConaughey , a.k.a. the guy who just won the best actor Oscar with "  Dallas Buyers Club , " is nominated for an outstanding dramatic actor Emmy with "  True Detective . " He 'll compete in that category with his co-star , Woody Harrelson , but if McConaughey wins , he 'll become the first actor to win both an Oscar and an Emmy in the same year . 5 . The comedy nominees are no laughing matter "  Modern Family " has been the favorite in the outstanding comedy series category for the past four years , but this year the ABC stalwart faces competition from both "  Orange Is the New Black " and "  Silicon Valley , " both of which have earned their fair share of applause . And when it comes to the best lead actress in a comedy , everyone 's hoping this will be Amy Poehler 's year . The "  Parks & Recreation " star has done some invaluable work on the NBC series , and while she 's been nominated for her role as Leslie Knope four times before , she 's never won . While we 're talking about comedy , we have to give a tip of the hat to Jimmy Fallon : the "  Saturday Night Live " vet just took over "  The Tonight Show " earlier this year , but he 's competing in the outstanding variety series category along with mainstays "  The Colbert Report " and "  The Daily Show . " The 2014 Emmy Awards will be hosted by "  Late Night 's " Seth Meyers , and will air live on NBC August 25 at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT . Emmy nominations : Snubs that made you turn off your TV	The 2014 Emmy nominations were announced Thursday The 66th ceremony will be held on August 25 "  Late Night 's " Seth Meyers will host
CNN  -- Chelsea continued to set the pace in the English Premier League with a comfortable 4-1 win over Norwich City at Stamford Bridge Saturday . Norwich took an unlikely 11th minute lead through their star striker Grant Holt , but it was to prove short lived once the west London side got into their stride . Goals from Fernando Torres , his 99th in English football , Frank Lampard and Eden Hazard put them 3-1 ahead by half time . Branislav Ivanovic rounded off the scoring with an emphatic fourth in the 78th minute . Both John Terry and Ashley Cole played and were given a warm reception by the home crowd . Cole was forced to apologize Friday for a controversial Twitter comment as he reacted to the findings of an FA commission into the racial slur case brought against Terry . The commission found Terry 's evidence at the hearing "  improbable , implausible and contrived " as they gave the reasons for his four-match ban and large fine for remarks aimed at QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in an EPL game last season . He has until October 18 to appeal the decision or accept a ban which would rule him out of crucial games . Manager Roberto Di Matteo confirmed after the game that Cole was likely to face action from the club over his tweet . "  We 've got a social media policy at the club and there 's going to be a disciplinary process against the tweet and that 's how I 'll leave it , " Di Matteo said . Chelsea have opened up a four-point lead over defendiing champions Manchester City , while Norwich are winless in the league this season . Earlier Saturday , City accounted for Sunderland 3-0 at the Etihad Stadium , set on their way by a first half strike from Aleksandar Kolarov . But with the visitors showing signs of getting back into the match , manager Roberto Mancini substituted Mario Balotelli , who looked disgruntled , with Sergio Aguero . The hero of City 's last-gasp title success did not take long to make his mark , connecting with a cross to make it 2-0 . James Milner added a late goal for City , who were held 1-1 in midweek in the Champions League by Borussia Dortmund and were winning for just the second time in seven games in all competitions . In the late kickoff , Arsenal stepped up their challenge with a 3-1 win at West Ham . Mohamed Diame gave West Ham the first half lead but French striker Olivier Giroud scored to level just before halftime for the Gunners . Theo Walcott came on to put Arsenal ahead in the second half before Santi Cazorla completed the win late on to lift his side into fifth place .	Chelsea beat Norwich 4-1 at Stamford Bridge Win leaves Chelsea four points clear at top of EPL John Terry and Ashley Cole both play Manchester City beat Sunderland 3-0 to go second
CNN  -- Mother 's Day is a sad occasion for many , but not all of the 15 million U.S. stepmothers who have stepchildren under the age of 18 . As it approaches , I am reminded how disappointed and hurt I used to be when my stepdaughter did n't acknowledge me on this day . From the time I married my husband when my stepdaughter was only 4 years old , I always felt she viewed me as his wife rather than as a stepmother . This distinction may be acceptable to women who marry men with older children , but it bothered me because for years I spent every other weekend playing with her , cooking for her , and doing every other activity of a maternal caregiver . I really tried to develop a close relationship with but never felt I succeeded . Being ignored is minor compared to the hostility and emotional abuse many other stepmothers experience , but my sense of failure grew each time I tried to grow closer to my stepdaughter and was rebuffed . My husband inadvertently compounded my discomfort each Mother 's Day by asking me what kind of gift I wanted . His gesture of kindness felt like he was offering me a present for failing a class , which increased my feelings of shame rather than joy . Also , I hate pretense , and I felt that he was pressuring me to accept his view of our happy family unit . He was unwilling to acknowledge my perception that my relationship with my stepdaughter was friendly yet superficial , and just not as intimate as I expected it to be given the time we spent together . I felt he valued his feelings more than mine , and I became angry that my feelings were n't given equal standing to his . Being wished a Happy Mother 's Day by my parents and friends also felt bad . How could I sincerely accept their considerate remarks when my stepdaughter did n't recognize or appreciate my efforts in this capacity ? I felt fraudulent as a stepmother . Thankfully , my feelings have changed and , now I am in a better place where I accept and understand why my stepdaughter will not reach out to me on Mother 's Day . I just wish other stepmothers would n't have to go through similar or far worse emotional distress . If stepmothers were n't so unhappy , the divorce rate for second marriages , as high as 60 % to 75 % , might be reduced . Let me share my journey with you . When I first became a stepmother , I was surprised to find it to be so difficult because my stepdaughter has always been well-behaved , smart and respectful . No matter how hard I tried to get close to her , I felt like a distant relative . I wondered if my experience was unique or similar to other stepmothers so I started a website  stepsforstepmothers.com  which featured an online chat room and a questionnaire for stepmothers to fill out . Almost instantaneously , a vibrant community of stepmothers formed that gave each other encouragement and advice during difficult times . In less than two years from the inception of the website , more than 3,000 women answered my questionnaire sharing the challenges they faced . At the same time , I also began a monthly stepmother support group comprised of a handful of women who could fit into my small office . From these three venues , I gained a lot of information about the specific problems stepmothers encounter . More important , I received the necessary support from women sharing similar experiences . This helped me overcome my feelings of inadequacy and isolation . Being understood by others is so important . Without a doubt , knowing that I was n't alone , that there were other stepmothers struggling to find their rightful place in their new families just like me , was the best medicine to heal my pain . While these women could n't  and should n't  have solved my specific problems , they validated my feelings . While my family and friends cared that I was unhappy , they did n't truly understand what was bothering me . These other stepmothers intuitively knew how I felt , and this made me feel much better even though my situation did not actually change . These women also helped me understand that my desire to be acknowledged by my stepdaughter on Mother 's Day was not unreasonable , but it might be too much for her to give me . They helped me understand the dilemma that many stepchildren face on Mother 's Day . Their loyalties may lie with their mother , and they believe she will be offended if they acknowledge their stepmother . I respect my stepdaughter 's love for her mother , and never want her to feel any loyalty binds . So , I worked on developing a thicker skin to shield myself from being hurt . After doing some research , I also learned that only 20 % of stepchildren feel close to their stepmothers . As much as I want a close , loving relationship with my stepdaughter or anyone else for that matter , I realized I ca n't force anyone to love or even like me . My stepdaughter is entitled to select the people she wants in her intimate circle of family and friends . What I can do is appreciate those people in my life who want to be close to me and nurture these relationships . By shifting my focus to the positives rather than the negatives in my life , I am now more content . While my husband used to encourage my stepdaughter to wish me a Happy Mother 's Day , she is an adult , and he ca n't control her actions . Both he and I worked hard to accept the fact that most stepfamilies are not perfect , and ours may never be . "  It is what it is , " and accepting this reality relieved a lot of wear and tear on my brain as well as his . I used to believe that I must always persevere until my goals were accomplished even if they were insurmountable . What a relief to know that I can be happy even if every aspect of my life is n't perfect . This year I am looking forward to celebrating Mother 's Day with my mother and will try to make it as special for her as possible . I have learned that when I focus my energy on her , I feel good . This works for a lot of other stepmothers who choose to spend the holiday with their mothers or with women for whom they deeply care . Many also treat themselves to a massage , lunch with friends or flowers on this day . By choosing to do positive activities on Mother 's Day , we take responsibility for our happiness . I hope my experiences can help other stepmothers have a more enjoyable Mother 's Day .	Mother 's Day can be a struggle for stepmothers and their stepchildren Author : "  No matter how hard I tried to get close to her , I felt like a distant relative " Only 20 % of stepchildren feel close to their stepmothers Author started stepsforstepmothers.com to help other stepmothers talk out their issues
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain said Sunday he would not necessarily support his former running mate if she chose to run for president . Sen. John McCain and Gov. Sarah Palin embrace after election results were in November 4 . Speaking to ABC 's "  This Week , " McCain was asked whether Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin could count on his support . "  I ca n't say something like that . We 've got some great other young governors . I think you 're going to see the governors assume a greater leadership role in our Republican Party , " he said . He then mentioned governors Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota and Jon Huntsman of Utah . McCain said he has "  the greatest appreciation for Gov. Palin and her family , and it was a great joy to know them . " "  She invigorated our campaign " against Barack Obama for the presidency , he said . McCain was pressed on why he ca n't promise support for the woman who , just months ago , he named as the second best person to lead the nation . "  Have no doubt of my admiration and respect for her and my view of her viability , but at this stage , again ... my corpse is still warm , you know ? " he replied . In his first Sunday political TV appearance since November 4 , McCain also promised to work to build consensus in tackling America 's challenges , and criticized his own party for its latest attack on Obama . McCain rejected complaints from the Republican National Committee that Obama has not been transparent about his contacts with Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich . "  I think that the Obama campaign should and will give all information necessary , " McCain told ABC 's "  This Week . " "  You know , in all due respect to the Republican National Committee and anybody -- right now , I think we should try to be working constructively together , not only on an issue such as this , but on the economy , stimulus package , reforms that are necessary . " McCain 's answer came in response to a question about comments from RNC Chairman Mike Duncan . The RNC also released an Internet ad last week , titled "  Questions Remain , " suggesting Obama is failing to provide important information about potential links between his associates and Blagojevich . Blagojevich was arrested Tuesday and charged with trying to trade Obama 's Senate seat for campaign contributions and other favors . "  I do n't know all the details of the relationship between President-elect Obama 's campaign or his people and the governor of Illinois , " McCain told ABC . "  But I have some confidence that all the information will come out . It always does , it seems to me . " McCain said he , like Obama and many other lawmakers , believes Blagojevich should resign . Despite the heated nature of the race and attacks both former candidates lobbed at each other , McCain emphasized that he plans to focus on pushing lawmakers past partisan politics . "  I think my job is , of course , to be a part of , and hopefully exert some leadership , in the loyal opposition . But I emphasize the word loyal , " McCain said . "  We have n't seen economic times like this in my lifetime . We have n't seen challenges abroad at the level that we are experiencing , certainly since the end of the Cold War , and you could argue in some respects that they 're certainly more complex , many of these challenges . So let 's have our first priority where we can work together ... "  Will there be areas of disagreement ? Of course . We are different parties and different philosophy . But the nation wants us to unite and work together . " McCain said he would n't comment on whether he thought he had a good chance of winning the presidency , given the Bush administration and the GOP were perceived to be responsible for the economy 's problems . McCain said he would "  leave that question " for others "  to make that kind of judgment . " He pointed out that his poll numbers dropped along with the Dow . "  That would sound like I am detracting from President-elect Obama 's campaign . I do n't want to do that ... Nobody likes a sore loser . " The key to moving past the stinging defeat , he said , is to , "  Get busy and move on . That 's the best cure for it . I spent a period of time feeling sorry for myself . It 's wonderful . It 's one of the most enjoyable experiences that you can have . "  But the point is : You 've got to move on ... I 'm still a senator from the state of Arizona . I still have the privilege and honor of serving this country , which I 've done all my life , and it 's a great honor to do so . "	McCain made his first TV appearance Sunday since losing the 2008 election McCain said GOP should focus on cooperation with Obama 's administration The Arizona senator said he thinks indicted Illinois governor should resign
CNN  -- Seeing lightness and color are the simplest sensations the brain has . And yet even at this most basic level we never see the light that falls onto our eyes  called the retinal image  or even the real-world source of that image . Rather , neuroscience research tells us that we only ever see what proved useful to see in the past . Illusions are a simple but powerful example of this point . Like all our perceptions , we see illusions because the brain evolved not to see the retinal image , but to resolve the inherent "  meaninglessness " of that image by continually redefining normality , a normality that is necessarily grounded in relationships , history and ecology . Which is why we innately find regularities in information and reflexively imbue those regularities with value . But it is the value , not the information itself we see . So , tomorrow morning when you open your eyes and look "  out into " the world , do n't be fooled . You 're in fact looking in . You 're not seeing the world ; you 're seeing a world ... an internal map of value-relations derived from interactions within a particular , narrow context . Another essential point about illusions implied in my TED talk is that they reveal our amazing capacity to entertain mutually exclusive internal realities simultaneously . Learn what TED is all about For instance , while looking at one of my color illusions  say the multicolored cube  you 're aware of one reality : that two tiles look very different , while simultaneously being aware of an opposite reality : that the two tiles are in fact physically the same . This capacity to be an observer of yourself is phenomenal and possibly unique to humans . Indeed , to literally "  see yourself see " is in my view the principal act of consciousness , which has the power to transform one 's view of the world and of oneself . The importance of the above observations stemming from my own work and that of others transcend neuroscience . They show us in an explicit  and I hope engaging  way that our senses are not "  fragile , " as many would have you believe . They show us instead that we are not outside observers of nature defined in isolation . We are instead indivisible from nature , defined by the trial and error process of interaction , a process in which we can choose to become active agents  but too often choose not to  . Understanding this point is I believe critical to personal and social well-being , since the typical barrier to a deeper insight into oneself and others is the overriding , but necessarily false impression that what "  I " see , what "  I " hear and what "  I " know is the world as it really is . But , by "  seeing yourself see , " in other words by actively exploring how your thoughts , feelings , beliefs and even the colors you see reflect your physical , social and cultural ecology , only then is it possible to understand the source of coherence and conflict within and between individuals . Put another way , only by accepting my own humanity can I accept the humanity of others . "  Seeing myself see " creates the opportunity for this acceptance . Illusions , then , were not the point of my talk , but simply a tool for encouraging this process . Resolving uncertainty is essential to our survival . Hence our fear of ambiguous situations is palpable -- e.g. , the inability to resolve sensory conflict between the eyes and ears can result in nausea  like seasickness  . And yet it is only by embracing the unknown within education , science , art and most importantly within our own private lives that we will find new routes to more enlightened ways of seeing and being . Thus , courage not confidence is at the heart of this process of actively redefining normality , which is the route to compassion and creativity . Encouraging this process by celebrating uncertainty is the raison d'etre of my work ... from the science of human and bee perception , to the art of translating images into music , to the design of a glass windmill for primary schools , to the creation of the "  My School " educational program  a framework for teaching and architecture that directly supports creativity , community choice and compassion  , even to giving a talk at TED . By providing relevant , tangible and accessible frameworks for others to take part in the process of discovery , I hope -- in a very modest way -- that my work will help foster a more empathetic view of nature and human nature . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Beau Lotto .	R. Beau Lotto : We only ever see what proved useful to see in the past But when seeing , we can be aware of one reality and an opposite reality , he says Lotto : To literally "  see yourself see " is the principal act of consciousness Lotto 's talk first of weekly series on CNN.com : Ted Talk Tuesdays
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The City Council of San Bernardino , California , is scheduled to vote late Wednesday on a resolution formally authorizing the filing of bankruptcy . The council , scheduled to meet at 5 p.m. , is to consider first another resolution declaring a fiscal emergency . Last week , Interim City Manager Andrea Miller and Finance Director Jason Simpson issued a report stating that the city was facing insolvency and its expenditures are projected to exceed revenues by $ 45 million . The city 's general fund reserves had been as high as $ 19 million in 2001 but are now depleted , the report said . Some $ 10 million to $ 16 million in annual revenue has evaporated in recent years as taxable sales dried up and property values plummeted in the city of 211,000 residents , the report said . San Bernardino is about 60 miles east of downtown Los Angeles . Prior agreements reducing city salaries are now ending , "  creating an increase in salaries and benefits of $ 10 million effective July 1 , 2012 , and increased costs in future years as merit increases resume , " the report said . Despite negotiating tens of millions of dollars in concessions and reducing its work force by 20 % over the past four years , San Bernardino would not have enough cash on hand to meet its obligations , according to the report . "  The city has reached a breaking point , " the report said . Opinion : Can state governments step up ? San Bernardino would be the third California city to file for bankruptcy in the past few weeks . Many municipalities in the Golden State and around the nation are struggling to cover their costs as the economic malaise continues to hurt tax revenue streams , experts said . This will lead to more municipal bankruptcies , which have been rare until now . "  This is not the end . This is the beginning , " Peter Navarro , business professor at University of California , Irvine , told CNN recently . "  As cities see it can be done and is being done , it will give them the idea to do it . " The town of Mammoth Lakes , California , sought protection July 2 after a property developer won a $ 43 million court judgment against the resort town of just over 8,000 residents . Experts say this filing should not be lumped in with the other two California towns since it was an unusual circumstance . The city of Stockton , however , filed for bankruptcy in late June after three months of mediation with creditors failed to close a $ 26 million budget shortfall . The city of 292,000 residents had already addressed $ 90 million in deficits over the past three years , mainly through reducing services and employee compensation . Both Stockton 's and San Bernardino 's fiscal troubles are due in large part to the massive housing downturn and recession that swept across California . Both towns were hit particularly hard by the foreclosure crisis , which left numerous abandoned homes and reduced property values in its wake . That led to lower property tax revenues , critical to supporting public services . Also , municipalities have struggled from budget changes made on the state level . Because of massive budget shortfalls , Gov. Jerry Brown and the state legislature made changes to vehicle tax money allocation and redevelopment agencies that stripped locales of hundreds of millions in state funding . Governor signs high-speed rail bill While some areas of the Golden State are starting to recover , the regions containing those two towns are not , said Chris McKenna , executive director of the League of California Cities . By filing for bankruptcy , cities will be able to keep police and firefighters on the street and possibly keep some parks and libraries open while they work out their finances , he said . More municipal bankruptcies are likely in California and throughout the nation , as cities continue to battle rising costs and a weak economy , said Eric Hoffman , an analyst at Moody 's Investors Service . CNNMoney 's Tami Luhby contributed to this report .	San Bernardino is scheduled to vote on declaring a fiscal emergency The city faces a $ 45 million shortfall as millions in revenues have evaporated San Bernardino would be the third California city to go bankrupt in recent weeks
CNN  -- Friend or foe ? The first corner of the Canadian Grand Prix Sunday could settle the state of the fractious relationship between Mercedes rivals Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton . Rosberg pipped his English stablemate to pole position by just 0.079 seconds in qualifying at the Circuit Gilles-Villeneuve to set up a sizzling start to the race . Facing the media in Montreal after his Monaco fallout with Rosberg , Hamilton said the spat was "  done and dusted " . He explained : "  We spoke after the race and just like friends we have our ups and down , we 've known each other a long , long time . " It was Rosberg who did the talking on track Saturday , eking out extra pace on his final timed lap round the tricky , temporary circuit on the Ile Notre Dame . The German , who leads Hamilton by four points in the Formula 1 world championship , set a quickest time of one minute , 14.874 seconds . "  I 'm very , very happy it all worked out , " Rosberg told reporters . "  It 's been a fantastic day and the best position for tomorrow . " Hamilton , who was upset after being unable to set his potentially quickest time in Monaco because of an error by Rosberg on his final lap , appeared to lock up as he chased down his teammate 's leading time in Montreal . Asked by reporters if it would be another tight race between himself and his teammate he said succinctly : "  I would assume so , yes . " Red Bull 's reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel defied expectation to finish third with a brilliant final lap . "  I tried to take more risks and it worked , " said Vettel , who out-qualified his teammate Daniel Ricciardo for just the second time this season . "  I kept it going until the end so all in all a good result and the maximum we could do . "  I 'll try and stay as close I can to those two and maybe get some tow . If we have the chance to attack them then we 'll go for it . " The Williams , powered by the dominant Mercedes turbo engine , performed well in Canada to show signs of finally coming good on its pre-season promise . Valtteri Bottas will line up for the Canadian Grand Prix in fourth ahead of his teammate Felipe Massa and Ricciardo .	Nico Rosberg takes pole position for the Canadian Grand Prix Sunday Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton finishes 0.079 seconds slower in second Hamilton predicts another close race with Rosberg after tense Monaco Grand Prix Red Bull 's world champion Sebastian Vettel lines up third
CNN  -- Two Burmese migrants accused of the brutal murder of two British tourists on a popular tourist island in Thailand last month have retracted their confessions , a lawyer representing them says . Zaw Lin and Win Zaw Htun , who have been in custody since October 1 , had admitted to killing David Miller and raping and murdering Hannah Witheridge on Koh Tao , according to Thai police . However the men now say they did so under duress after being physically abused by police , Surapong Kongchantuk , the head of the Lawyers Council of Thailand , which is acting for the two suspects , told CNN Wednesday . Surapong said the men deny the murder and rape charges , and that an official complaint to the justice department of Samui , which has jurisdiction over the island , has been filed . They appealed for fair treatment for the two accused , he added . Thai police could not be immediately reached for a response . The two Britons were found dead on a beach on the island , a popular tourist destination , on September 15 . Both were partially undressed with severe injuries to their heads . A hoe with blood on it was found close by , police said . Police Commissioner Gen. Somyot Poompanmuang previously told CNN that DNA in semen taken from Witheridge matched samples taken from the two men . "  The DNA matching result is out already and they matched with DNA found on the female victim , " he said . Torture claims denied Reports that the police extracted confessions through torture first surfaced earlier this month , when Burmese media reported that its two nationals had complained to a visiting lawyer attached to the Myanmar embassy . The revelation prompted national police chief Somyot Poompanmuang to hold a press conference in Bangkok to deny allegations his officers had tortured the suspects . Nevertheless , Amnesty International has called for a full , independent investigation into reports of misconduct by police officers . Allegations of torture should be investigated independently , and not by the Thai police , Richard Bennett , Amnesty 's Asia-Pacific Program director , told CNN earlier this month . He also said there were questions of due process that had arisen , specifically the absence of legal counsel prior to the confession , and difficulties with interpretation . "  There is a fairly long-standing record of ill-treatment , " in Thailand , he said . "  Impunity is also a problem . If the investigation shows ill-treatment , those responsible should pay . " The fact that the suspects are migrant workers , many of whom work in Thailand illegally , makes them more vulnerable , he added . Journalist Kiki D in Bangkok contributed to this report .	Burmese migrants who had previously confessed to double murder retract confessions Lawyer acting for the two says his clients claim they were physically abused by police Police had held a press conference the previous day to deny torturing suspect Amnesty International condemns act , calls for independent investigation
CNN  -- Australia 's new captain Michael Clarke admits that he will have to earn the respect of the nation 's cricket fans after being confirmed as the successor to Ricky Ponting on Wednesday . The 36-year-old Ponting stood down as skipper of Australia 's Test and one-day teams on Tuesday following last week 's World Cup quarterfinal exit , but will continue as a batsman after being named in the 14-man squad to tour Bangladesh next month . Clarke has long been groomed as Ponting 's successor , having filled in when his captain was unavailable or being rested , but acknowledges that he is not the most popular choice to replace him . "  I do n't know the exact reasons why it 's there , but it is and I 've had it probably my whole career , " he told the Cricket Australia website . When cricket means more than just a match "  So I certainly do n't sit here and think that I can get the whole of this country to like me . People are always going to have their own views , but for me it 's about respect . "  It 's about earning that respect , leading the team in the right way , playing cricket in the right manner and hopefully I can earn the respect of the doubters that are out there . " Ponting was one of the most successful captains in modern cricket , having led Australia to victory at the 2003 and 2007 World Cups before last week 's defeat by India . Clarke , who turns 30 on Sunday , said he was happy to have Ponting in the team for the short trip to Bangladesh , which comprises three one-day internationals in Dhaka from April 9-13 . "  Bangladesh is going to be a great test for that , to see how it all unfolds , " he said . "  I know he will allow me to do my job to the best of my ability , I have a very good working relationship with ` Punter ' and I 'm confident that if he can continue to play as well as he has done for such a long time , I 'm certain it can work . "	Michael Clarke confirmed as new captain of Australia 's national cricket team The 29-year-old will succeed Ricky Ponting , who stood down on Tuesday Ponting has been included in 14-man squad for brief tour of Bangladesh Clarke admits that he is probably not the most popular choice as new skipper
CNN  -- Deadly fighting between Yemeni government forces and al Qaeda erupted in a restive southern province on Saturday . Demonstrators took to the streets and demanded the creation of an interim body that would guide and shape the country 's political transition . Twenty-one al Qaeda members and 10 Yemeni soldiers have been killed in Yemen 's Abyan province , where fighting has raged Saturday , Yemen 's state-run news agency reported . Clashes between security forces and suspected militants have erupted in Lawdar and Zinjibar , towns in Abyan -- a militant stronghold with a presence of Yemen 's al Qaeda wing , SABA reported , citing a military official . Eighteen al Qaeda members and nine soldiers were killed in Zinjibar and three militants and one soldier were killed in Lowdar , the report said . Dozens of people were injured . "  The heroes of the armed and security forces in Abyan province caused the terrorist elements of al Qaeda heavy losses in lives and material after fierce confrontations with those elements that began in the early hours of the morning and lasted several hours and ended with the killing of a number of them and injuring many others , " SABA reported . A Yemeni security official , who has asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media , told CNN that Yemen 's government conducted air raids on positions in Lawdar believed to be held by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Government forces have been fighting Islamic militants who seized the town of Zinjibar . Heavy gunfire and explosions were heard through the city , and planes were seen flying overhead and conducting airstrikes , witnesses and residents said . The military official cited by SABA said Yemeni military forces targeted a warehouse used by militants to store weapons and cars used by the fighters . The official said troops are working to track down al Qaeda fighters and "  cleanse the pockets and hiding places where terrorists are present . " Yemen has been consumed with unrest for months as protesters demand an end to the rule of President Ali Abdullah Saleh . In recent weeks , government troops have battled both anti-government tribal forces and Islamic militants , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . A six-nation Gulf Arab alliance , the Gulf Cooperation Council , has tried to broker a government-opposition agreement that would lead to Saleh 's departure , but that effort has so far been unsuccessful . The demonstrations continued on Saturday as thousands of anti-government protesters took to the streets in Sanaa , Taiz , Ibb and Hodeidah , eyewitnesses said . Witnesses said the demonstrators on Saturday called for the vice president to create an interim transitional council to help fashion a political transition . They accused the United States and the GCC of supporting the Saleh regime , and demanded support of the youth revolution . Anti-government forces also criticized opposition political parties and politicians for supporting the GCC deal , which would lead to Saleh 's departure but give him immunity . Khaled Al-Anesi , a prominent rights activist in Sanaa , said the United States and the international community should support the Yemen revolution "  as it did in Tunisia and Egypt if it wants Yemen to continue to be its ally in the future . " The chaos there intensified when Saleh and other senior officials were injured in a June 3 attack on the mosque at the presidential palace . Saleh and other senior officials injured in the attack went to Saudi Arabia for treatment . A government spokesman said Thursday Saleh was in good health and would be returning to Yemen "  within days . " CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Protesters are calling for the creation of an interim transitional council 21 al Qaeda members and 10 soldiers have been killed , state TV says Fighting raged in two in Abyan province towns A source says Yemen 's government is conducting air raids
Washington  CNN  -- A plan to allow presidential assailant John Hinckley Jr. to spend more time away from his government mental hospital and eventually to become a permanent outpatient "  lacks specificity , " a psychiatrist who has closely followed Hinckley 's case for over a decade said Tuesday . Testifying on the 10th day of a federal court hearing over Hinckley 's status , Dr. Robert Phillips said , "  We are talking about putting someone in a community for extended time who has been institutionalized for 30 years for trying to assassinate the president . " He said the proposal by St. Elizabeths hospital to let Hinckley spend much more time visiting his mother at her home in Williamsburg , Virginia , "  is not good enough " because it lacks firm details about what kind of therapy sessions , group sessions and art and music classes Hinckley could attend in Williamsburg . Phillips said the Virginia mental facility that agreed to provide outpatient programs for Hinckley has not received records from St Elizabeths about Hinckley 's condition it needs in order to construct a program for him . Hinckley , 56 , was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the 1981 shootings of President Ronald Reagan , press secretary James Brady , Secret Service Agent Timothy McCarthy and D.C. Police Officer Thomas Delahanty . The four men survived the attack , but Brady was shot in the head and left permanently disabled , and Delahanty 's wound forced him to retire shortly afterward . The psychiatrist , who is acting as an expert medical witness for the government , testified for the second day on Tuesday in proceedings on Hinckley 's future freedoms . Hinckley currently spends 10 days a month visiting his mother in Virginia . Officials at St. Elizabeths want to increase that to two visits of 17 days to be followed by six visits of 24 days . St. Elizabeths is seeking authority to then decide whether Hinckley can be released as a permanent outpatient . During the 10 days of hearings , various experts have said Hinckley 's most severe illnesses -- major depressive disorder and an unspecified psychotic disorder -- are in full remission . However , Phillips said he does not agree Hinckley 's depression is in full remission and says he displays some symptoms , including sullen behavior and weight gain . Phillips said this alone does n't mean Hinckley should n't spend more time in Williamsburg , but he said Hinckley 's doctors and case manager need to pay close attention to the problem . Witnesses have testified Hinckley has been taking Zoloft for several years after complaining of anxiety . Phillips said he thinks the drug is also meant to help with depression . Hinckley 's defense attorney , Barry Levine , took issue with Phillips . Levine ticked off a list of symptoms for major depressive disorder from a psychiatry publication that said a patient would need to have five of those symptoms to be suffering from the disorder . Phillips acknowledged that Hinckley does not appear to have five of the symptoms but persisted in his view that Hinckley is experiencing some level of depression . Levine noted all of the concerns raised by Phillips -- including Hinckley 's relationships with women , the fact that he is sometimes deceptive and his social isolation -- and said that despite those issues , Hinckley had not engaged in violent behavior . Phillips agreed . Phillips said he did not think St. Elizabeths should be given authority to decide if and when Hinckley is permanently released from the hospital . U.S. District Court Judge Paul Friedman indicated in December that he thinks that decision should rest with him . The hearing will resume next week . Hinckley has the right to testify , but his lawyer said he does not expect to call him .	Hearing to determine whether John Hinckley Jr. 's status enters its 10th day Plan to let Hinckley spend time with his mother "  lacks specificity , " psychiatrist testifies Attorney rebuts testimony on client 's symptoms , notes he has n't been violent Hinckley wounded 4 people , including President Reagan , in 1981 assassination attempt
CNN  -- A Northwestern University psychology professor was in hot water Thursday for an after-class session in which a couple demonstrated the use of a sex toy . University President Morton Schapiro said he was "  troubled and disappointed " by the February 21 incident and had ordered an investigation . "  Many members of the Northwestern community are disturbed by what took place on our campus , " Schapiro said in a statement . "  So am I. " Professor J. Michael Bailey provided his own account of the optional event in his human sexuality course , saying he wants students to learn about sexual diversity and information from "  real people . " Students who witnessed the incident had been told repeatedly by a guest speaker what was about to happen would be graphic , the professor said in a statement . About 100 students chose to attend following a larger lecture , affiliate WGN said . Bailey invited speaker Ken Melvoin-Berg , co-owner of Weird Chicago Tours , who brought a woman and a man for a discussion on the female orgasm . Melvoin-Berg suggested they demonstrate use of high-powered equipment they brought , said the professor , who agreed to the idea . "  We gave them plenty of warning . We had nobody leave at that point , " Melvoin-Berg told CNN Chicago affiliate WLS , adding the demonstration was meant to be educational . "  We only got positive feedback , 100 % positive feedback during and after . The students were respectful . They were smart and asked good questions , intelligent questions and seemed engaged in the idea of human sexuality , " said Melvoin-Berg . But apparently some students at the private school near Chicago left before or during the demonstration of what the professor described in a statement as "  kinky " sex . "  For me , I 'm glad I did n't see it . It was a little too explicit for me , and if I were in the class , if I would have stayed for the demonstration , I probably would have left . I know a couple of my friends did get up and leave , " student Diana Lorenzini told CNN affiliate WLS . Brianne Williams , another student , said "  Dr. Michael Bailey is one of our finest professors here , and his class is about opening people 's minds up . " Schapiro said he wants to determine what is appropriate for the classroom . "  Although the incident took place in an after-class session that students were not required to attend and students were advised in advance , several times , of the explicit nature of the activity , I feel it represented extremely poor judgment on the part of our faculty member , " Schapiro said in his statement . "  I simply do not believe this was appropriate , necessary or in keeping with Northwestern University 's academic mission . " In his statement , Bailey said it was too early to tell whether he had regrets . "  I certainly have no regrets concerning Northwestern students , who have demonstrated that they are open-minded grown-ups rather than fragile children , " the professor added .	Northwestern University students see sex demonstration in after-class session Professor says he wants students to learn about sexual diversity University president orders investigation of incident Couple gave live demonstration of sex toy
CNN  -- France is an impressive country . And nobody knows it better than the French . The country is surprisingly like the United States  which it taught a thing or two about libert  in that you do n't really ever need to leave . There are sophisticated cities , sunny seashores , snowy mountains and wooded valleys all in one country . Not to mention a lot of cheese . And sex . As well as quite a few other things the French do superlatively well . 1 . Cheese Yes , it 's a clich but France remains the ultimate destination for cheese lovers . General de Gaulle once asked how he was meant to govern a country that produced 246 varieties of cheese . Maybe he was afraid they were living organisms and would start a revolution . Some French cheeses , such as Reblochon , are so smelly and runny they seem to be decomposing . Even mild , hard Mimolette is apparently so scary that last year the United States restricted its import . No one 's arguing against the existence of great cheeses around the world -- but no French citizen needs to go much further than the corner shop to find one . 2 . Shopping There 's a reason the French invented the word "  bourgeois , " which now stands in for all things materialistic . Paris department stores stock everything from cheap generic brands to labels so chic you feel the need to dress up before trying them on . The annual sales in January and at the end of June offer unbelievable bargains because by law all stores have to discount prices at the same time and compete for business . At the other end , the French have defended their small , often family-owned neighborhood stores -- boulangeries , boucheries , piceries -- from being steamrollered by chains . The French also do quirky , one-off boutiques probably better than anyone else . 3 . Museums Paris , of course , is home to perhaps the world 's best known museum , the Louvre . But French museum culture spreads much wider afield . The Loire region has what is arguably the most beautiful collection of museums in the world -- its chateaux include the huge Chambord , with a spectacular collection of tapestries , and the impossibly romantic Chenonceau , astride its moat . Even the lesser-known castles can be wonderful -- Chinon , for example , is set above a perfectly preserved old town . You can almost hear Joan of Arc riding up to the gate and offering to kick the English invaders out of France . 4 . Trains French trains are faster than planes . If you want to go from Paris to the Mediterranean coast for lunch , hop on a TGV -- train  grande vitesse , or "  very fast train . " Three hours later , you 'll be sipping ros and gazing at billionaires ' yachts while the fliers are still putting in a claim for their lost luggage . TGVs crisscross the country , and the SNCF  French national railways  offers excellent online deals -- first class for just a little more than second . The French might like the good life but it need n't also mean slow . 5 . Traffic jams The average French driver 's notion of etiquette is a strong but terrifying one : I 'm going that way , and you ca n't stop me . If going where he or she wants to means causing an accident or total gridlock , that 's everyone else 's fault , non ? The unwillingness to acknowledge any other car on the roads -- the supreme French belief in libert incarnated in the automobile -- means that on every Saturday in summer , and on national holidays , the whole country is transformed into a huge traffic jam as everyone drives to or from their vacation at exactly the same time . 6 . Politeness Politeness -- the French ? Are n't they notoriously abrupt , especially Parisians when addressing non-French-speaking tourists ? More accurately , the French have mastered the art of being impeccably polite and startlingly dismissive at the same time . When a posh matre d' raises one eyebrow and oozes "  Monsieur ? " or "  Madame ? " at you , he 's simultaneously respecting you and questioning your right to exist . But if you get the hang of French politeness , anything is possible . The golden rule is simple : you should begin every conversation with a bright "  bonjour ! "  "  bonsoir ! " in the evening  . This does n't just mean hello . It 's recognized French code for , "  Yes , I am here , and I am respecting you by being polite , so you are going to respect me and maybe even be pleasant to me . " All that in one magic word -- and it works . 7 . Sexiness It 's hard to pin down sexiness but , for many , "  being French " is a good working definition . That accent , plus a certain insouciance and joie de vivre  yep , inevitably slipping into French here  make a pretty attractive package in both men and women . And then there 's plain sex , which is everywhere in France . Take French films , for example , which almost by law have to include at least two naked breasts and four buttocks . Frenchmen and women know the rules of attraction equally well and rarely stop playing . It 's almost a duty to look sexy and classy whenever anyone else is around -- and to leave a memorable impression . 8 . Luxury It 's a clever trick . When you think of luxury goods , the word "  French " slips almost automatically into place . Today , the French talent for luxury has trickled down beyond Louis Vuitton , Dior , Mot et Chandon and the rest . Its effects can be felt in the dozens of stylish Parisian cafs with starched-apron waiters , and in the many reasonably priced spa hotels , such as Thalazur  French site only  , that can make you feel like a millionaire without charging you accordingly . French light-touch sophistication has been copied worldwide . 9 . Customer Service  oh yes Related to "  politeness , " but with an important retail distinction . The French have a saying : the customer is king . Yes , and we know what you did to your kings . But behind a sometime faade of surly indifference , French service can be wonderful . That grumpy waiter does n't hate you , it 's just that he 's a pro and you 're an amateur on his territory . The same goes for the snooty department store saleswoman . Unlike in other countries , such jobs in France can still be lifelong careers , bringing a lifetime 's worth of skills . The thing to do is soldier on , smile and inform your server what you want . The French respect people who know what they want , and will do their best to help you get it  as long as it 's not just before their lunchtime , of course . 10 . Globalization France has the world 's best policy on globalization -- it spends so much time complaining that foreign invaders are killing off its economy that no one notices how French products are taking over the planet . Have you checked recently who provides your electricity , who owns your transportation system , who feeds your army , even who built your city 's public toilets ? Especially if you live in Europe , there 's a strong chance you 'll find a French multinational , such as EDF , Transdev , Sodexo or JCDecaux . That 's not to mention the countless French brands on every shopping street in the world . Next time a French person tells you Hollywood is destroying French culture , just point to the nearest public toilet . Stephen Clarke 's  @sclarkewriter  books about France include "  A Year in the Merde " and "  Talk to the Snail : Ten Commandments for Understanding the French . "	The French are impeccably polite -- really They 're so good at making certain cheeses that the United States has tried to restrict them Their traffic jams are world class , but so are their  very fast  trains Globalization : simultaneously the bane of France and something it excels at
CNN  -- Security issues concerning North Korea have not become a major issue for South Korean voters , even after the controversial rocket launch that drew international condemnation last week . The most pressing issues for South Koreans at the polls on Wednesday , are similar to the ones that dominated U.S. voters when they cast their ballots in November -- the economy . Polls showed that North-South relations ranked fifth in the most salient issues to the Korean public , falling far behind job creation , economic issues and education . Less than 10 % prioritized relations with Pyongyang , according to polls by the Asan Institute for Policy Studies . "  Threat perception overall toward North Korea has somewhat waned , " said Jong Kun Choi , an associate professor of political sciences and international studies at Yonsei University in Seoul . After the announcement of North Korea 's missile launch , about half of the respondents in a poll said they expected the rocket to have no effect in the election . "  The best reading of the data suggests that the launch will not have a strong impact on the election , " according to the Asan Institute 's report . "  It used to be the case that a major blow from North Korea would critically affect South Korea 's election . However , this may not have a major impact as it used to be , because first of all , we are so used to it , " Choi said . Steve Chung , who has examined the North Korean factor in South Korean presidential elections in the last two decades , said he observed that the regime is "  less and less important " in this election compared with previous ones . "  This year , the inter-Korea atmosphere is not as strong , " said Chung , a PhD candidate in the department of Korean studies at the university of Sydney . After signing an armistice agreement in 1953 , the two neighbors have endured an uneasy truce separated by a demilitarized zone . South Koreans have become used to provocation from their neighbor , said Choi . "  It 's been going on for the last 20 years , despite so many sporadic skirmishes , virtually nothing has happened , " he said . "  Rather than people worrying about warfare , -LSB- voters -RSB- are much more worried about our welfare . " On Wednesday , Korean voters will choose between the conservative Saenuri Party 's Park Geun-hye , and the left-leaning Moon Jae-in of the Democratic United Party . If elected , Park would become the first female president of South Korea . She is the daughter of former president Park Chung-hee , who stirs mixed feelings among South Koreans . Some claim he was a dictator who stifled opposition ; others credit him with overseeing a key phase of South Korea 's economic development . He was shot and killed by his intelligence chief in 1979 . Moon , who served as chief of staff to former late president Roh Moo-hyun , is a former human rights lawyer . He was jailed in the 1970s by Park 's father . Both candidates condemned North Korea 's rocket launch earlier this month . But they are expected to pursue a more conciliatory line toward North Korea than the current president Lee Myung-bak , who took an uncompromising approach to dealings with Pyongyang . Park wants dialogue with North Korea , but her overall plan for engagement remains conditional , while Moon favors a transformative approach that promotes inter-Korean economic ties as an instrument for engaging North Korea comprehensively , according to Scott Snyder , a senior fellow for Korea Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations . Park 's policy of engaging with North Korea may not differ much from Lee 's , said Christopher Green , manager of international affairs for DailyNK , which covers North Korea . Even if Seoul was to implement a policy of unrestricted aid for North Korea , there is little guarantee that the regime would respond . "  My personal suspicion is because the North Korean government is only interested in the welfare of a very small percentage of the people that support the regime , they do n't care as much as people in the outside world might think about aid , " Green said . An recent editorial published in the South Korean newspaper , Dong-a Ilbo , stated : "  Both contenders seem to fantasize that inter-Korean relations will thaw if one of them takes power . " In the months leading up to South Korea 's election , North Korea 's propagandists have occasionally dipped into the race , targeting Park . In September , a North Korean government website released a video of a "  Gangnam Style " spoof containing Park 's face stuck on a dancing figure . The video mocked Park 's support for her father whose legacy still divides South Korea . Set to an upbeat 1960s big band instrumental soundtrack , the video includes images from the era of her father 's rule . Earlier this month , Rodong Sinmun , the official newspaper of North Korea 's ruling Workers ' Party published seven questions for Park calling her stance on North Korea "  inconsistent , ironic , " according to South Korean media . "  My perspective is that North Korea does n't care about who wins the election , " said Green . "  Yes they attack Park Geun-hye and do not attack Moon Jae-in , but that is rhetorical . " The bizarre North Korean actions are more for domestic consumption within its borders and for confusing the world of its intentions , he said .	North Korea security issues do n't weight heavily on South Korean voters South Korea will elect a new president December 19 Polls show South Koreans prioritize economic issues , education ahead of N. Korea
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- In her first visit to South by Southwest Interactive , the tech-themed conference underway here , former first daughter Chelsea Clinton devoted the bulk of her prepared talk Tuesday to the admirable work of her family 's foundation in improving global health care . But it was her more personal remarks , often about her famous family 's early use of technology , that seemed to resonate most . "  I definitely taught my parents how to text and how to charge their phones , " she told almost 3,000 people in an Austin convention hall . "  I 'm sure that 's not uncommon for many people in this room . " Clinton , 34 , said she got her first computer , a Commodore , "  from Santa Claus " as a child and sent her first e-mail while in high school in the mid-1990s . That was around the time her father , then-President Bill Clinton , sent the first presidential e-mail , to astronaut John Glenn in space -- a fact she said her dad was "  ridiculously " proud of . "  He 's now a pretty good tweeter and a pretty good texter , but he 's still only sent about two e-mails , " she said . She then joked about how her father is not the most famous texter in the family and showed the photo of her mother , wearing sunglasses and wielding a phone , that inspired the "  Texts From Hillary " meme . Wearing jeans and a black jacket , Clinton gave a rather stiff , scripted 25-minute speech , followed by a more relaxed Q&A session with Fast Company editor Robert Safian . She showed glimmers of both her mother 's poise and her father 's command of detail , rattling off stats about mobile banking usage in Kenya and the 750,000 children in the world who die each year from dehydration caused by diarrhea . "  I 'm obsessed with diarrhea , " she said . "  It does n't make me squeamish . " As the only child of two ambitious parents , growing up in the spotlight of the Arkansas governor 's mansion and the White House , Clinton said a lot was expected of her at a young age . At age 6 she said she would debate her parents , one at a time , about issues or current events while the other parent moderated . "  It taught me that not only was it OK to have an opinion and a point of view , " she said , "  it was expected that I would have an opinion and a point of view . " Asked for the umpteenth time about whether she 'll enter politics , Clinton demurred , although she left the door open at least a crack . "  I do n't know , " she said , adding , "  For a long time , my answer to that question was no . " She expressed dismay that none of her friends -- most of them smart , accomplished people -- show any interest in running for office . "  I find that really troubling , " she said , adding that when her father graduated from Georgetown University in the 1960s , he said about half his classmates were pondering a future in politics . Clinton did urge the coders , designers and other tech professionals in the audience to devote their careers to making the world a better place . Tech entrepreneurs can sometimes find quicker solutions to global problems than policy makers , she said . Asked for her advice to SXSW attendees pondering careers in social good , she offered this : "  I 'd focus on what you 're most passionate about and what makes you angry . I 'd ask myself , ` What do I think is really unjust ? ' That should be a starting point for how you engage with the world . "	Chelsea Clinton speaks Tuesday at South by Southwest Interactive conference Asked whether she 'll run for office : "  I do n't know " Clinton is vice chair of her family 's foundation Her career advice to SXSW attendees : "  Focus on what makes you angry "
