Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Just after the United States completed its drawdown of combat brigades in Iraq , militants Wednesday launched a wave of bombings across the country , mostly targeting security forces . At least 48 people died and at least 286 others were wounded in 13 cities . The locations included Baghdad , the capital , and large towns in the northern , western , and southern quadrants of the nation . The only region that appeared to be spared the onslaught was the three-province Kurdish autonomous region in the north . Investigators do n't yet know whether these strikes were coordinated , but a similar series of strikes that occurred in May bore the hallmarks of al Qaeda in Iraq . On that day , 85 people died and more than 300 others were wounded in coordinated shootings and bombings across six provinces . "  The fact that these events coincide with Ramadan only adds to extremists ' desires to make a violent statement by murdering others and capturing the day 's news , " said Maj. Gen. Steve Lanza , the U.S. military spokesman in Iraq . . The latest attacks come as the number of U.S. troops in Iraq has now fallen below 50,000 -- the lowest level since the U.S-led invasion in 2003 . The U.S.-led combat mission formally ends August 31 , and the remainder of American troops will train , assist and advise the Iraqis . But the American residual force -- comprising what is to be called Operation New Dawn on September 1 -- is combat-ready . While it has a different mission , it has the same capabilities as combat troops . If requested by the Iraqis , these soldiers can go into combat and can deploy these skills for self-defense . All American troops are scheduled to pull out at the end of 2011 , but the Iraqi government could request that some of them remain . The departure of the U.S.-led combat mission is a seminal moment in a country that wants to see whether Iraqi police and soldiers can effectively handle the kind of insurgent activity that periodically erupts in this turbulent environment . Overall violence in Iraq has declined considerably over the past two years compared with the height of the sectarian war between 2005 and 2007 . But there has been a recent campaign of bombings and shootings in Baghdad targeting traffic police , Iraqi soldiers and local leaders , and tensions across the country have been exacerbated by a political crisis -- the failure of Iraqi lawmakers to form a government nearly six months after national elections . "  Today 's attacks clearly involved planning by extremists , criminals and terrorists to take advantage of the ongoing frustrations of Iraqi people with the government impasse , as well as exploit the changing U.S. mission toward stability operations that takes effect Sept. 1 , " Lanza said . Lanza also stressed that the Iraqi government needs to "  form now . " Wednesday 's attacks reflect the challenges the indigenous police and soldiers face . The deadliest strike occurred in the Wasit provincial capital of Kut , a city southeast of Baghdad . At least 20 people were killed and 90 others wounded when a car bomb targeted a police station . A suicide car bomber hit a police station in northeast Baghdad , killing at least 15 people and wounding 57 others , the Interior Ministry said . The strike damaged the Qahira police station building and several buildings and houses nearby . According to eyewitnesses at the scene of the Baghdad suicide attack at the police station , U.S. troops were there . Lt. Col. Eric Bloom , U.S. military spokesman for Baghdad , said American advisers and trainers and forensic support are available to Iraqi forces at their request . In this instance , an American adviser accompanied Iraqi forces , a practice that has been routine . In Anbar province 's capital of Ramadi , west of Baghdad , five people died and 13 were wounded when two car bombs exploded near a passport office . In Muqdadiya , in northern Diyala province , at least three people died and 18 others were wounded when a car bomb targeted an Iraqi police checkpoint . A parked car bomb exploded in a busy street in the Allawi commercial area in central Baghdad , killing two civilians and wounding seven others . In the holy Shiite city of Karbala , south of Baghdad , a car bomb targeting a police station killed one person and wounded 30 others . A roadside bomb explosion in central Falluja , west of Baghdad , targeted an Iraqi army patrol , killing one Iraqi soldier and wounding eight people , including three soldiers . In Kirkuk , the tense ethnically diverse city in the north , a car bomb targeted a police patrol , killing one person and injuring eight others . Other attacks left people seriously injured . A car bomb exploded outside Dujail police station just north of Baghdad and wounded 20 people , including five police officers . At least 13 people were wounded in Tikrit in a double roadside bomb attack that targeted an Iraqi Army patrol . They were five soldiers , six civilians and two policemen . A bomb explosion outside a police station in central Basra in the country 's south wounded 10 people . The chief of Facility Protection Services in Samarra was seriously hurt when two bombs went off in quick succession as his convoy passed by in the northern city . The service is in charge of providing security protection to government institutions . In Baghdad , three roadside bombs exploded , and eight people were wounded , including three soldiers . In Mosul , in the north , a suicide bomber driving a car tried to attack an Iraqi army security checkpoint but security forces shot and detonated the car . In the Diyala province town of Buhriz , in the north , bombs left outside five homes wounded at least four people , police said . Four policemen and an electoral commission official lived in the dwellings . The violence underscores the anxiety in Iraq over the tenacity of the insurgents and the progress of the Iraqi security forces . Lanza said that Iraqi security forces have shown "  an enormous will and ability to take on extremists , criminals and terrorists " and are "  fully committed and determined " to protect Iraqis . "  The ISF took a blow , but they are not on the ropes and will meet these challenges head on . They are not being pushed out of neighborhoods and are not giving up an inch of ground . When attacked , they take control of the situation and regain immediate security of the area . " Lanza said the military has reiterated "  that attacks were likely to occur during this period " and that 's "  why our top priority in our ongoing role of advising , training and assisting the Iraqi security forces through 2011 is improving their overall operational capabilities . " "  Rooting out these extremist , criminal and terrorist cells will remain a top priority for both our ongoing assistance mission and our support for partnered counter-terrorism operations in the months ahead , " Lanza said . "  There is still difficult work to be done here . This is why we are staying committed in Iraq with a significant military capability to advise , train and assist Iraqi security forces until our mission ends in December of 2011 . " Analysts warn that the Iraqi conflict will be persistent for years . Anthony Cordesman , a national security analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , wrote last week that the conflict "  is not over " and "  is at as critical a stage as at any time since 2003 . " Iraq , he says , continues to grapple with a "  serious insurgency , " ethnic tension and great economic challenges . "  Regardless of the reasons for going to war , everything now depends on a successful transition to an effective and unified Iraqi government , and Iraqi security forces that can bring both security and stability to the average Iraqi . The creation of such an ` end state ' will take a minimum of another five years , and probably ten , " he wrote . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Jomana Karadsheh and Arwa Damon in Baghdad and Joe Sterling in Atlanta contributed to this report	NEW : The violence occurs during Ramadan NEW : U.S. says the government needs to form now Dozens are dead and wounded
CNN  -- It 's been a busy year for the British royal family . The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall alone covered almost 48,000 miles to undertake 804 official engagements between April 2011 and the end of March this year . So who pays the bills ? Prince Charles ' office at Clarence House released its annual review Friday , shedding light on how money is spent on the couple , as well as Princes William and Harry and , of course , the newest addition to the family , Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge . As the queen 's eldest son , Charles , Prince of Wales , is mostly funded by the Duchy of Cornwall , a private estate consisting of more than 200 square miles of agricultural , commercial and residential land mostly in southwest England . In the 2011-12 fiscal year , the prince 's private income from the duchy rose by 3 % to slightly more than $ 28.5 million . He received an additional $ 3.42 million in public funding from Parliament and government departments , a year-on-year increase of 11.8 % . With more private and public income , Prince Charles ' household spending increased by 4.1 % to $ 15.3 million , and all 135 full-time staff members received a pay raise of 3 % . Nine of those employees work for Princes William and Harry , and for Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge . So what is the expense of the royal family 's newest member ? "  It 's actually quite minimal , " said Prince Charles ' communications secretary , Paddy Harverson , "  There 's been quite a lot of focus on things like clothes but actually , when you look at the numbers , it 's mostly absorbed into the existing expenditure . " A royal aide added that it would be "  rather impolite " to disclose how much money had been spent on the dresses that hit front pages of newspapers around the world every time Catherine steps out in public . What we do know , though , is that Prince Charles pays for his daughter-in-law 's outfits for official engagements out of his private income . Anti-monarchy groups such as Republic have criticized the royal family for using public money to travel . "  Prince Charles gives little back to the country yet has a deeply held sense of entitlement when it comes to accessing public funds , " Chief Executive Graham Smith said Friday . "  We believe time is long overdue that the government brought royal spending under proper control . " However , Harverson maintains : "  Members of the royal family do a huge amount of work . ... We really feel it 's fantastic value for money . As it happens , 90 % of it is his  Prince Charles '  own income , so it 's not coming from central government coffers . " Royal aides champion the continued success of the prince 's group of 16 charities as the greatest example of the royal family giving back to the public . Between April 2011 and the end of March this year , the Prince of Wales directly or indirectly raised more than $ 200 million for his charities , which support young people , the environment and enterprise . After last year 's royal wedding and the recent Diamond Jubilee celebrations , polls have showed that the British royal family is as popular as ever . Riding high on that wave is the household of the Prince of Wales , as exemplified by the 76,825 letters received from the public in 2011-12 . That is more than double the mail from the previous year .	Clarence House releases its annual review of royal household costs Expenses of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , are "  quite minimal " An anti-monarchy group says it is time to bring "  royal spending under proper control " Clarence House calls the royal family a "  fantastic value " for all the work they do
Bethesda , Maryland  CNN  -- Tucked away on the sprawling campus of the National Institutes of Health , an elite team of doctors and researchers search for clues to solve medical mysteries that have eluded a diagnosis . They 're detectives for a one-of-a-kind initiative at the NIH . It 's called the Undiagnosed Diseases Program or UDP . Together , the UDP 's team focuses its vast expertise on trying to save patients ' lives and creating new science . Dr. William Gahl is the clinical director of NIH 's National Human Genome Research Institute and the Undiagnosed Diseases Program 's lead investigator . "  The mission is really two-fold , " Gahl says . "  One is to try to get to a diagnosis for people who have struggled for so long to achieve a diagnosis -- of course there all kinds of benefits to that . The second is to discover new diseases or new aspects of known diseases so we can help the entire community of individuals with related disorders . " For many people with mysterious conditions , the UDP is their last hope for a diagnosis . "  We try and be realistic about it , and get our patients to be realistic about the issues too , " Gahl says . "  So the first day of a typical visit , I 'll go in and tell the patients , ` You 've been to the best places in the country , now you 're coming here . We only have a 10 to 15 percent success rate . So I do n't want you to get your hopes up really too , too high . ' But on the other hand , we do n't want to take all hope away . " There are an estimated 6,800 rare diseases in the world , according to the NIH . The NIH defines a rare disease as one that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States . But then there are other disorders that have yet to reach the diagnosis stage . That 's where Gahl and his team come in . They take on the impossible with the hope that new science can be created . "  It 's really sort of the inspiration we all have as clinical researchers , " says Gahl . Created as a government pilot program in 2008 , the UDP has received more than 3,000 inquiries . But it has only accepted slightly more than 300 patients . To be considered for the UDP , a patient must be referred by a doctor and have his or her case well-documented in medical records . Gahl and a panel of experts then have the difficult job of selecting who will be accepted . "  I have to take some solace in the fact that even though we 're turning down a lot of people , we 're still helping a chosen few , " Gahl says . Those chosen few head to NIH 's clinical center for a week of complex and exhaustive tests . The clinical center is the world 's largest hospital devoted to clinical research and allows the UDP team to perform around-the-clock testing with state-of-the-art technology . But what makes the UDP truly unparalleled is its collective approach to every case . It is designed to call upon experts throughout NIH 's 27 institutes to look not only at their individual areas of specialty , but how those specialized areas fit into the bigger puzzle . After one week , the patients are sent home . That 's when the real detective work begins for Gahl and his team . Using the process of elimination , they pursue every option and sift through every clue , hoping it leads them to a diagnosis . "  This is a different paradigm . " Gahl says . "  So this to me is the perfect amalgam of the training in knowledge -- having acquired a certain fund of knowledge -- and then applying it to cases that are not yet solved . So I find that extremely stimulating . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	At NIH , an elite team of doctors and researchers seek to solve medical mysteries The Undiagnosed Diseases Program tries to save patients ' lives and create new science 6,800 rare diseases in the world , according to NIH estimates
CNN  -- Schools of robotic fish could one day map the ocean floor , detect pollution or inspect and survey submerged boats or oil and gas pipelines , researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say . MIT researcher Pablo Valdivia Alvarado works in his lab on a robotic fish he co-created . MIT engineers are showing off the latest generation of so-called robofish 15 years after they built the first one . The latest incarnation is sleeker , more streamlined and capable of mimicking the movements of a real fish . And it 's capable of exploring underwater terrain submersibles ca n't , said Pablo Valdivia Alvarado , a mechanical engineer at the school . "  Some of our sponsors were thinking of using them for inspection and surveillance , " Alvarado said . "  Since these prototypes are very cheap , the idea was to build hundreds -- 200 , 500 -- and then just release them in a bay or at a port , and they would be roaming around taking measurements . " MIT researchers built their first robotic fish , "  Robotuna , " in 1994 . But Robotuna has gone the way of the dinosaur . Alvarado said the new generation -- modeled after bass and trout -- cost only a few hundred dollars and have only 10 parts instead of the thousands used in Robotuna . At five to 18 inches , the new fish is much smaller than Robotuna and built from a single , soft polymer . And unlike Robotuna , the fish is able to be released in the oceans . "  Most of the brains , the electronics , are embedded inside , " said Alvarado , who designed the robofish with fellow MIT engineer Kamal Youcef-Toumi . "  We have built prototypes with the battery inside , but for my experiments , for simplicity . We have a lot of prototypes that are simply tethered . We have a cable that runs out from the body and connects to a power supply . " The new generation has withstood harsh conditions in the lab , including two years of testing inside tanks filled with tap water , which is corrosive to standard robots , according to Alvarado , who says the Robotuna inspired him to take the technology to the next level . The oil exploration company Schlumberger helped fund the research , but Alvarado says the U.S. Navy has also expressed interest in the robofish . MIT 's mechanical engineers are now turning their attention to new challenges : A robotic manta ray and a terrestrial robot in the form of a salamander . CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Engineers at MIT have created a new generation of robotic fish ` Robofish ' could be used to map the ocean floor , inspect submerged boats or pipes MIT researchers built their first robotic fish , "  Robotuna , " in 1994 New robofish are modeled after bass and trout and cost only a few hundred dollars
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani military carried out airstrikes early Wednesday in the country 's northwest , targeting alleged militant hideouts in the volatile region . The army claimed it killed 60 militants , including some key commanders , and injured 30 others in North Waziristan , a loosely governed tribal area that borders Afghanistan . A local Taliban commander , Umar Khurrassani , challenged that report , and said 39 tribesmen , including women and children , were killed . If those tribesmen were affiliated with the Taliban commander , the Pakistani army would consider some of them militants . One area resident told CNN that up to 20 civilians had been killed in the airstrikes . Malik Gul Saleh Jan said that it 's difficult to assess the exact figure of the dead and injured because it is hard to reach some residents by phone . Many left their homes due to fear of shelling and bombing , he said . Earlier this year , the military carried out a series of strikes in the region , considered to be a stronghold for extremist groups .	Pakistani military claims it killed 60 militants in North Waziristan A Taliban commander calls the casualties local tribesmen
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea 's decision to launch a second long-range rocket this year , in the face of international condemnation , could be partly due to internal instability , a senior South Korean government official said Friday . "  This action is driven primarily by domestic demand , " the official said , declining to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter . Read more : What does North Korea 's planned rocket launch mean ? North Korea has said it will launch the rocket between Monday and December 22 in a fresh attempt to put a satellite in orbit . But other countries , including the United States , say the move is a cover for testing ballistic missile technology , which the United Nations has forbidden the North from doing . Analysts have cited a number of possible reasons for Pyongyang 's decision to carry out an unprecedented second launch this year , after a failed effort in April , including significant anniversaries related to the reclusive state 's ruling dynasty . But the South Korean official on Friday suggested that political and pragmatic concerns might be greater motivations for the nuclear-armed North Korean regime . Read more : Kim Jong Un tightens his grip The North 's young leader , Kim Jong Un , has used unusual expressions and words , such as "  rebellion , " in recent statements , the South Korean government official said . "  He refers to the possibility of uprisings or impure elements of those who are not content with the status of the country , " the official said . Read more : North Korea moves closer to rocket launch , group says Kim has been sending North Korean police to a foreign country for training in dealing with riots , according to the official , and has increased his personal physical protection . He is also said to have ordered law enforcement agencies to root out those who are not happy with recent military and cabinet changes that he has imposed , according to the official . "  There is a large scale witch hunt going on , " he said , declining to disclose the sources of his information . There has been little sign of division in articles published by the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency . One item Friday referred to the leader as "  the dear respected Kim Jong Un . " Pyongyang has said the planned rocket launch would be "  true to the behests " of Kim Jong Il , the late North Korean leader and father of Kim Jong Un . The elder Kim died on December 17 last year , so the first anniversary of his death falls within the launch window that North Korea has announced . Read more : Kim warns troops to prepare for ` sacred war ' Experts also speculate that Pyongyang wants this launch to happen before the end of 2012 , the year that marks the centenary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of North Korea and grandfather of the current leader . A presidential election on December 19 in the country 's neighbor and rival , South Korea , also takes place inside the launch window . What 's more , Seoul had planned its own rocket launch aimed at putting a satellite in orbit late last month before postponing it minutes before takeoff . Pyongyang insists that this is a "  peaceful scientific and technological satellite launch , " but even China , a key ally , has given a cool reception to the prospect . Read more : What Kim 's ` mystery woman ' says about North Korea "  In view of the situation on the Korea Peninsula and restrictions of relevant U.N. Security Council resolutions , China hopes the DPRK can proceed from the overall situation of peace and stability on the peninsula and act prudently , " Hong Lei , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , said at a news briefing this week , according to Xinhua , the Chinese state news agency . DPRK is an abbreviation of North Korea 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . The South Korean government has declined to say what exactly its response might be if the North Korean rocket launch goes ahead . "  We will send a message that North Korea will have to heed , " the senior government official said cryptically on Friday . "  Something that will deter any future provocations . " Japan , for its part , has said it will shoot the rocket down if it threatens any part of its territory . South Korean media this week cited unidentified officials as saying that the North had completed installing the three-stage rocket on its launch pad at the Sohae Space Center on the west coast of the country . But an analysis published Thursday by the U.S. academic website 38 North questions that claim . Run by the School of Advanced International Studies at John Hopkins University , 38 North says , "  We believe these reports are inaccurate based on satellite imagery and lessons from past North Korean rocket launches . " The process may have been delayed by a light snowfall , the website 's analysis says , but North Korea could still have the rocket ready in time for the start of the launch window . This is the first time North Korea has attempted a rocket launch in winter , and experts say the timing of preparations and the launch itself will depend heavily on weather conditions . "  Pyongyang 's announcement of a twelve-day launch window , over twice as long as the five-day window for the April 2012 test , may have been based on careful consideration of possible delays or technical problems due to winter weather , " 38 North says . Previous launch attempts by the North in 2006 and 2009 also failed to achieve their stated goal of putting a satellite in orbit and provoked international condemnation . CNN 's Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong and Alex Zolbert in Tokyo contributed to this report .	North Korea says it will launch a rocket as early as next week It says it 's aimed at putting a satellite in orbit , but others say it 's a missile test A South Korean government official says internal pressures are driving the plan The official cites recent statements from Kim Jong Un evoking the idea of uprisings
The glossy spread in "  High Times " a magazine for pot devotees , showcases the "  strongest strains on Earth . " The most recent rankings are topped by "  Head Cheese , " which is grown in a hydroponic system and fed with a carefully calibrated dose of synthetic nutrients . On "  Weed Tracker , " a California-based website where medical marijuana users share notes , cannabis connoisseurs sing the praises of "  Sensi Star " and rave about the "  Grand Daddy Purple , which tastes like a berry vanilla smoothie . " Another medical site touts a bud "  finished with a subtle fruit effect ... offering a deep body stone with a creative mind high , " and warns it is "  not for newbies or low-tolerance patients . " The descriptions evoke images of a wine-tasting club -- albeit one with a few eccentrics . But increasingly it seems the most valued trait among these weed admirers is pure knockout power . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Why I changed my mind on weed The intoxicating chemical in marijuana is tetrahydracannabinol , or THC . While a handful of growers are finessing strains to provide a medical benefit without the high the majority aim to push THC content as high as it will go according to government data . In the annual Cannabis Cup competition , where marijuana enthusiasts gather to try pot from various places and vote on their favorites , the most potent strains have a THC content of around 25 % , according to testing commissioned by the organizers at High Times . But at the University of Mississippi , in a laboratory that tracks the potency of marijuana seized by federal law enforcement officers , they 've found even higher levels -- as high as 37 % , according to Dr. Mahmoud ElSohly , the director of the Marijuana Potency Project . Since 1972 , ElSohly says , the average THC content of marijuana has soared from less than 1 % to 3 to 4 % in the 1990s , to nearly 13 % today . Legalizing pot is n't about medicine , it 's about getting high "  You really have to be careful , " he says . "  The danger of this high-potency material is not with the experienced marijuana smokers , but young people who really do n't know what they 're smoking . They do n't know what to expect , and before they know it , they 've inhaled too much . " Fortunately , the risk of overdose with marijuana is far less serious than with cocaine or heroin . But certain behaviors -- like driving -- can be deadly if you 're acutely intoxicated . "  The risk is not that you 'll stop breathing or that you 'll die , " says Dr. Julie Holland , a psychiatrist in New York who studies the history and science of cannabis . "  The risk is that you 'll become very altered and disoriented , and you can get anxious and panicky in that situation . " The only cure is a few hours of waiting , and reassurance . More than 455,000 patients entered emergency rooms with marijuana in their system in 2011 , a 19 % increase from just two years earlier according to government statistics . The figure represents all patients with marijuana in their system , whether or not the ER visit is related to the drug . But most experts agree that along with showing an increase in usage , those numbers also indicate an increase in marijuana-related problems . "  There 's an increase in psych admissions , " says Dr. Stuart Gitlow , a psychiatrist who estimates that upwards of 1 in 100 people using high-THC marijuana experience psychotic symptoms . As president of the American Society for Addiction Medicine , Gitlow also worries about the long-term impact . Psychiatrist leads crusade to legalize marijuana "  If you look at marijuana , the intensity has changed . So I would expect it to have a somewhat higher addictive potential . " Dr. Christian Thurstone , who runs an addiction treatment center in Denver , agrees that there is a trend toward heavier use . He 's seen steadily higher levels of THC metabolites in clients ' urine tests when they enter his program . "  It 's more difficult to get kids clean , " Thurstone says , "  because they come in less motivated for treatment , and more addicted . " With marijuana , the notion of addiction is complicated . Going cold turkey does n't cause debilitating or life-threatening withdrawal symptoms , as it does for heavy alcohol or heroin users . Mention "  addiction " to many users and you 'll get a raised eyebrow . Still , some do report anxiety , insomnia or nausea when they try to kick the habit . Many experts cite a 1994 National Institute of Health report , which says that roughly 9 % of marijuana users eventually meet the criteria for "  dependence . " But others are skeptical . "  There have always been high-THC content cigarettes around , " says Carl Hart , a neuroscientist at Columbia University who studies the physical effects of cannabis and other drugs . "  The modest increases that we see today are not as concerning as has been made out to be . " Just as people drink hard liquor differently from beer , says Hart , they do n't smoke highly potent cannabis the way they use weaker stuff . In his lab , for example , study participants are given three minutes to smoke a marijuana cigarette . "  If we give them a low dose , they suck down the whole thing . With stronger material , you 'll see them give back the other half . " For most people , that seems to translate to the real world , whether the purpose of smoking is medicinal or recreational . "  The new stuff is a bit more potent than it was 20 years ago when I started smoking , " says Chris Simunek , the editor of High Times . "  The end result for me is that I smoke a lot less of it . " Marijuana stops child 's severe seizures "  People are looking for strains that are higher in quality , because they 'd rather smoke less , " echoes Dr. Dean Weiss , a physician in Los Angeles who writes approval letters for medical marijuana patients . Simunek thinks there 's an unmet demand . "  If people came out with boutique strains that are not so potent , people would buy them . " But for most of his patients , Weiss says high quality means high THC . Smoking anything is problematic in terms of health , because of irritation to the throat and lungs . But with marijuana , Holland makes the point that it 's actually a method of ingestion . By comparison , pot brownies and other edibles make it easy to miss your target high . "  Sometimes you do n't feel it coming on for two hours , and you end up eating more . And sometimes the dose with these edibles is half a cookie , or a quarter of a cookie . And I do n't know too many people who can eat only half a cookie , " says Holland . Part of it is the difficulty of gauging the dose ; part of it is simple metabolism , she adds . "  Your liver metabolizes THC into 11-hydroxy-THC , and 11-hydroxy-THC is very psychedelic . It 's very altering . " Of course , for many people , getting "  altered " is the whole point . A growing number of young people eschew joints and even Cannabis Cup-quality buds to get high inhaling the smoke from concentrated oils with a THC content of 50 % or more . "  Some people are just interested in smoking gigantic amounts of marijuana , " says Simunek . The trend is hard to quantify , but there are countless YouTube videos of people smoking concentrates , and Thurstone says it 's common among young people who enter his clinic . "  Most people are going to be fine , " says Gitlow , the addiction specialist , "  but there still will be that 10 % of people who are going to get as high as they possibly can . " Rock star Melissa Etheridge : Pot got me through	The intoxicating chemical in marijuana is tetrahydracannabinol , or THC Average THC content has soared from less than 1 % to nearly 13 % Some experts are concerned about the long-term impact , including addiction
CNN  -- It 's been nearly two years since Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez was shot dead , but the Mexican teenager 's family still does n't know who pulled the trigger . Now his mother and the American Civil Liberties Union say the U.S. Border Patrol agents who they accuse of gunning him down must be brought to justice . In a federal lawsuit filed Tuesday , they argue that the agents , who have n't been identified , used excessive force when they opened fire . Elena Rodriguez was 16 when he was found face-down in a pool of his own blood on the Mexican side of the border in October 2012 . His family says there 's only one way to describe the shooting : as a crime . "  We want to know the names . We want to know who they are . ... those who killed him , because they are criminals , " grandmother Taide Elena said . In addition to demanding a jury trial , the lawsuit also seeks punitive damages and a declaration that the Border Patrol agents violated the Constitution . At the time of the shooting , the U.S. Border Patrol said agents in Nogales , Arizona , opened fire after people on the Mexican side hurled rocks their way . Tuesday 's lawsuit , filed by the ACLU on behalf of Elena Rodriguez 's mother , describes the 16-year-old as an innocent bystander , calling his killing "  brazen and lawless . " "  Just prior to the shooting , Jose Antonio was visible and not hiding ; an observer could see that he did not pose a threat . He was doing nothing but peacefully walking down the street by himself when he was gunned down , " the lawsuit says . "  He was not committing a crime , nor was he throwing rocks , using a weapon , or in any way threatening U.S. Border Patrol agents or anyone else . " An autopsy report from the state attorney general 's office in Sonora , Mexico , last year said Elena Rodriguez was shot at least 10 times . Most of the bullets hit him in the back , according to the report . The teen , according to the lawsuit , was walking on a sidewalk along the border -- just a few blocks from his home in Nogales , Sonora -- when he was shot dead by the Border Patrol . Attorney Luis Parra told CNN the lawsuit is the family 's only recourse . "  There is no other way in which the family can seek justice . There is no other alternative . ... What happened was an egregious act of violence and it should never happen again , " he said . Border Patrol spokesman Andy Adame declined to comment to CNN en EspaÃ ± ol on Tuesday , saying the agency does not comment on pending litigation . The lawsuit is the latest twist in a case that drew sharp condemnation from the Mexican Foreign Ministry and caught the attention of the United Nations ' top human rights official . Lee Gelernt , a lawyer for the ACLU , said there 's a key question with national importance at the heart of the case : "  Can a U.S. Border Patrol agent shoot into Mexico and kill a Mexican national and say that the U.S. Constitution does n't protect you ? " Border Patrol : Smugglers spotted before shooting Citing preliminary reports of the 2012 shooting , the Border Patrol said at the time that agents saw smugglers drop drugs on the U.S. side of the border in Nogales , Arizona , then return to Mexico . "  Subjects at the scene then began assaulting the agents with rocks , " the Border Patrol said in a written statement at the time . "  After verbal commands from agents to cease were ignored , one agent then discharged his service firearm , " the Border Patrol said . "  One of the subjects appeared to have been hit . " After the shooting , Mexico 's Foreign Ministry argued that it was the latest in a series of cases that showed U.S. border patrol agents were unnecessarily -- and unjustly -- using deadly force . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said in 2012 that the United States was using excessive force along the border . "  There have been very many , many , young people , teenagers , who have been killed at the border , " Pillay said then , calling for a swift , transparent investigation . In May , U.S. Customs and Border Protection said it was changing its use of force policies , requiring more training and increased transparency . The Border Patrol has not released the results of its own investigation into the October 2012 case , nor the names of the agents involved . ACLU : U.S. agents have ` systemic problems of abuse ' In addition to allegations about the October 2012 shooting , Tuesday 's lawsuit also alleges that U.S. Border Patrol agents have "  systemic problems of abuse . " "  The Border Patrol consistently denies public access to basic information about its operations , including whether agents responsible for abuse are disciplined in any way , thus shielding the agency and individual agents from public accountability for abusive policies and practices , " the lawsuit says . "  Even after many fatal shooting incidents involving Border Patrol agents , the agency has refused to release the names of those involved . " The lawsuit alleges that Border Patrol agents caused 46 deaths nationwide from 2005 to 2014 , citing media reports and government data . A report by the Police Executive Research Forum released by U.S. Customs and Border Protection in May said investigators had reviewed 25 cases from January 2010 to October 2012 that involved shots fired by Border Patrol agents who were attacked by rocks . The report did not provide details about the October 2012 incident . "  Some cases seemed to be a clear-cut self-defense reaction to close and serious rock threats or assaults , while other shootings were of more questionable justification , " the report says . "  More questionable cases , " according to the report , involved shootings that took place through the border fence "  at subjects who were throwing rocks at agents from Mexico . " Mexico condemns Border Patrol 's lethal force against migrant Journalist Valeria Fernandez and CNN 's Amanda Watts and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	ACLU : Shooting Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez was "  brazen and lawless " The Border Patrol has said the shooting was in response to rocks thrown A lawsuit filed on behalf of the 16-year-old 's mother asks for damages Grandmother : "  We want to know who ... killed him , because they are criminals "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  For 62 years , if you cheated on your husband or wife in South Korea , you could end up in prison . Not anymore . South Korea 's Constitutional Court on Thursday overturned a law that made adultery a crime , saying it violates the East Asian nation 's constitution . "  The precondition of human dignity and right to pursue happiness is for each individual to have their rights to choose their fate , " the court ruled , saying that one 's sex life is private . "  And the rights to choose their fate includes rights to be engaged in sex and choosing the partner . " Up until then , anyone who cheated on their spouse could be charged and , if convicted , spent up to two years in prison . The same penalty also applied to "  the one who fornicated with the " cheating spouse , according to the Constitutional Court 's website . But that 's changing because South Korean society has changed enough "  to lose many parts of  the anti-adultery law 's  reason to exist , " the prevailing judges said , according to a news release summarizing their decision . The chief reason for originally enacting the adultery law was to protect women , these justices contended . The idea was that men -- who tended to be economically and socially more powerful -- took advantage of women . And if a man was charged criminally , that would give women more leverage in divorce proceedings .  In other words , a wronged wife might get more compensation after deciding to drop the charges . Yet 2015 is n't 1953 , when the law first went into the affect , according to the judges . After all , the current president of South Korea -- Park Geun-hye -- is a woman . "  Women are active socially and economically , and women no longer apply as economically weaker , " these judges wrote . " ... In addition , the law can not be viewed as  exclusively  protecting women . " Seven judges signed on to this decision , but two dissented . The dissenting view said that legalizing adultery hurts efforts to promote family in South Korea . It points to statistics showing 40 % of South Korean marriages since 2000 end in divorce . And between 2000 and 2006 , at least , 47.1 % of those divorces came about after one or more spouses cheated . "  Adultery and fornication go beyond a person 's rights  and  intrude on other people and the community , " these justices wrote . "  Considering that the relationship between husband and wife is the fundamental element of a family , the country and the society should legally protect and maintain  this  relationship . " The last time the South Korean court looked at this law was 2008 . Since then , according to South Korean news agency Yonhap , some 5,500 people have been indicted on adultery charges , though that does n't mean they ended up behind bars . It was not immediately clear what will happen to those cases , assuming they have n't been resolved already . But at least one entity that has reason to celebrate after Thursday 's ruling , Unidus , a South Korean condom maker . It 's impossible to definitively say why , but Undius ' stock price did jump suddenly about 25 minutes after the decision came out . By day 's end , it was up a shade under 15 % from Wednesday . CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from South Korea , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	Since 1953 , a South Korean could get 2 years in prison for cheating on his or her spouse The Asian nation 's Constitutional Court overturned that law , saying times have changed A South Korean condom maker 's stock price soars 15 % after the decision comes out
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  In just a few weeks , good relations with neighbors have become a matter of survival for Yemen 's President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi . On Saturday , he joined his allies in Egypt , while battles raged on in his country . After Houthi rebels occupied the capital Sanaa weeks ago , his government fled . When Hadi called for military intervention to beat back their attempt to overthrow him , adjacent countries answered with a grand airstrike operation . In the darkness of early Saturday , their jets increased the hail of ordnance on Sanaa , as Saudi led operation al-Hazm Storm went into its third day . And Hadi waited in Sharm el-Sheikh , Egypt to meet with the region 's leaders at the Arab League summit . This past "  night was by far the scariest night since the raids started , " said journalist Hakim Almasmari in Sanaa . "  The strikes were so strong and continuous . " The jets bombarded Hadi 's weapons caches and other military assets , Houthi and Yemeni government officials said . Saudi Arabia has blockaded the Houthis , effectively cutting off their supply lines , and its air force controls Yemeni airspace . Saudi Arabia and Egypt have spoken about the possibility of putting boots on the ground . The Arab League is expected to give its official blessing to al-Hazm Storm on Saturday , which could clear the way for a ground invasion , CNN 's Becky Anderson reported . But a few member nations , such as Shiite majority Iraq or possibly Algeria , could give military action a thumbs down . Though the Saudi kingdom has taken the lead with some 100 warplanes , the coalition partners include the United Arab Emirates , Kuwait , Bahrain , Qatar , Jordan , Morocco , Sudan and Egypt . Arab Spring was n't supposed to turn out like this Together they comprise about a third of the Arab League 's membership . They are majority Sunni Muslim nations , and the Houthi rebels are Shiite Muslims allied with Iran . Having Yemen become an Iranian satellite country on its border would be perceived as a major threat by neighboring Saudi Arabia , which sees the Houthis as proxies of Tehran , Saudi Arabia 's bitter rival on the Persian Gulf . Iran has sharply denounced the armed intervention . The United States , on the other hand , strongly approves of it and is supporting it logistically , and aiding coalition forces in locating targets , but it is not participating in active battle . A small contingency of U.S. forces had been stationed in Yemen to help in the fight against Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , but left once Houthi rebels took the capital . Dozens of people have died in the strikes , and on Saturday , Human Rights Watch said many of the victims were civilians , perhaps as many as 34 . "  Reports of air strikes and anti-aircraft weapons in heavily populated areas raise serious concerns that not enough is being done to ensure their safety , " HRW regional spokesman Joe Stork said . A Saudi Arabia defense official blamed civilian deaths on the Houthis , saying they were using them as human shields . Brig. Gen. Ahmed bin Hasan Asiri said the kingdom 's military was using precision weapons to avoid collateral damage , state-run Saudi News Agency reported . Media outlets have come under fire as well . An hour after Hadi ordered the closure of all Houthi-controlled media -- including Yemen TV and Saba TV -- Houthis raided two TV channels and the prominent Al Masdar newspaper . Al Jazeera 's office in Sanaa was also targeted , the Qatar-based network said , with Houthis looting security cameras and damaging equipment . Opinion : Why Yemen has come undone Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Yemen , and CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Becky Anderson , Salma Abdelaziz and Mustafa al-Arab contributed to this report .	Yemen 's President rallies support on Saturday in Egypt Arab League blessing of military action may set the stage for a ground invasion
CNN  -- When music superstar Enrique Iglesias hits the road for a tour these days he brings along more than just the music . The Latin music crossover sensation has joined forces with a unique organization -- Love Hope Strength , a self-proclaimed "  rock 'n' roll cancer organization " whose goal is to "  save lives one concert at a time . " Iglesias invited the group on tour with him to set up shop at his concerts and perform bone-marrow donation drives as a part of its "  Get on the List " campaign to find donors for the National Marrow Registry . "  When you go up on stage and you look at my fans , it 's so diverse ethnically , and I thought it would be perfect , " Iglesias says . "  I thought we would get people of different races to be able to register for this organization , and I thought that would really help . " The diversity of his audience is exactly why the partnership with Iglesias is so vital to the Love Hope Strength Foundation 's mission . "  Only 10 % of the overall national marrow registry is made up of Hispanic population . So when you 're Hispanic looking for a transplant , your chances of finding a match significantly decrease due to the lack of that population on the registry , " says Executive Director Shannon Henn . "  So by reaching out to a community through someone like Enrique Iglesias , who has such an incredible Hispanic following , we 're able to register people to the database that we never could before . " Iglesias is now well-established in the world of entertainment , and he realizes that this is a powerful place that can be used for the benefit of others . "  I think you reach a certain age where you feel responsible . You can communicate with your fans especially nowadays with Twitter , with Facebook , all these ways , and obviously the live shows , so any time I feel like I can do something that 's positive and that 's good , it 's a good thing , " Iglesias says . The process is simple . The LHS team sets up a table with plenty of information about bone-marrow donation and then asks concert-goers as they pass if they would like to sign up . Once a volunteer ensures they meet the requirements for donation , one of the LHS team members takes a cotton-tipped swab and swabs the inside of the donor 's mouth . That 's it . That 's all it takes , and the donor can carry on to enjoy the show . If a match is found , the donor will then be notified and then possibly help to save a life . "  What I hope to take away from this experience is people realize that it 's important , that they can actually make a huge impact . And we 've got to register as many people as possible , and there 's a lot of people out there , a lot of kids , that need this , " says Iglesias . Love Hope Strength is an international organization that raises awareness for the needs of cancer patients worldwide . Rock 'n' roll is at the very roots of LHS , as it was co-founded in 2007 by leukemia survivor Mike Peters of the Welsh rock band The Alarm and his friend and fellow survivor James Chippendale . The men created this organization to ensure that awareness , early detection and proper treatment are not a luxury but instead available to all in need worldwide . In addition to the "  Get on the List " campaign that the group carries out at rock concerts , LHS builds and supports cancer centers all over the globe . LHS purchased the first mammography machine ever in Nepal and funded a mobile unit for cancer screenings in remote parts of Peru . The group also performs concerts in extreme locations like Mt. Everest to raise money for its cause . To learn more , visit LoveHopeStrength.org .	Enrique Iglesias invited Love Hope Strength to perform bone-marrow drives at his concerts LHS is a "  rock 'n' roll cancer organization " building donor databases and cancer centers Iglesias : My fans are so diverse ethnically , I thought that would really help LHS was co-founded by leukemia survivor Mike Peters of The Alarm
CNN  -- If there 's any truth in the old saw that London 's streets are paved with gold , it 's probably because they 've been gilded by cash stripped from the pockets of tourists . It wo n't surprise anyone who 's seen their budget evaporate seconds after exiting their over-priced hotel , but the English metropolis has been named the world 's priciest city break destination . Review site TripAdvisor compared prices in 48 leading tourist destinations to conclude that London has overtaken Oslo as the world capital of the inadvertent splurge . According to the site 's annual TripIndex Cities study , seven of the world 's 10 most expensive destinations are in Europe . Asia fields the majority of the list 's most affordable cities for a holiday . The list says an evening out and overnight stay in a four-star hotel in London will relieve visitors of $ 523 -- more than three times the cost of the same break in Hanoi , which is named as best value . Travelers to Paris should be warned against working up too much of thirst while pounding its boulevards -- the city is identified as the priciest place for pre-dinner cocktails . Two dry martinis there set drinkers back an average $ 52 . Even then the cocktails will probably be watered down by the salty tears of whoever 's footing the bill . New York still the place for expensive hotels TripAdvisor 's research reveals Stockholm is the costliest place for an evening meal . For the same money in Hanoi visitors can can pay for a four-star hotel , cab fare , cocktails , dinner for two and still have enough change to call Sweden and gloat . New York tops the list for expensive hotels for the second year running , with a night in a four-star hotel costing an average of $ 365 -- four times the price of the same deal in Bangkok . While Oslo may have lost out to London in the overall list , the Norwegian city still rules when it comes to taxi fares . There , a three-kilometer  1.9 mile  journey will set customers back $ 57 . In Jakarta , the cheapest city , the same journey can be made for less than $ 3 . Here 's TripAdvisor 's top 10 of most expensive cities : London , Paris , New York , Stockholm , Oslo , Zurich , Copenhagen , Helsinki , Toronto , Sydney . Here are the site 's best value destinations : Hanoi , Jakarta , Sharm el Sheikh , Bangkok , Sofia , Cape Town , Mumbai , Kuala Lumpur , Prague , Budapest .	London named most expensive city destination in TripAdvisor survey Evening out and overnight stay in four-star hotel costs average of $ 523 in English capital Weekend in Hanoi can be cheaper than a meal out in Stockholm
CNN  -- Juventus remain without a win after two Italian Serie A games after being held to a 3-3 home draw by Sampdoria . Two goals from Nicola Pozzi and another from Antonio Cassano helped the visitors to a point , with Claudio Marchisio , Simone Pepe and Fabio Quagliarella all on target for the home side . The result leaves Luigi del Neri 's side still without a win and struggling near the foot of the table following their opening 1-0 defeat by Bari two weeks ago . Unfancied Verona-based minnows Chievo are the unlikely early Serie A leaders and have a 100 per cent record after two games following their 3-1 win at Genoa . On Saturday , defending champions Inter Milan secured their first victory of the season with a 2-1 win over Udinese . However , last season 's runners-up Roma were thrashed 5-1 at Cagliari while big-spending Milan slumped to a 2-0 defeat by Cesena with strikers Robinho and Zlatan Ibrahimovic both making their debuts for the Rossoneri . Meanwhile , in the only English Premier League match on Sunday , Liverpool were held to a dour 0-0 draw at Birmingham City .	Juventus ' poor start to the new Italian Serie A season continues on Sunday Juve still without a win after sharing a six-goal thriller against Sampdoria Nicola Pozzi scores twice for Sampdoria who have four points from two games Chievo have won both their opening two matches of the season after a 3-1 win at Genoa
CNN  -- If Donald Sterling was trying to make amends with his public mea culpa , he did n't seem to make any friends . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper , the embattled Los Angeles Clippers owner apologized profusely for his comments about African-Americans but insisted he is not a racist . That assertion was to be expected . But a plethora of other claims seem to contradict what others have said . CLAIM : "  Am I entitled to one mistake , am I , after 35 years ? " Sterling told Cooper he 's not a racist , just someone who made a "  terrible , terrible mistake . " He was referring to the recorded conversation released last month , in which he told friend V. Stiviano that she should stop bringing black people to his games . "  In your lousy f *** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " he said , according to the audio posted by TMZ . In his interview with CNN , Sterling said his off-the-cuff remarks stemmed from jealousy , not racism . "  When she said to me , I 'm going to bring four gorgeous black guys to the game ... I was a little jealous , " he said . "  Am I entitled to one mistake ? It 's a terrible mistake , and I 'll never do it again . " Sterling : I 'm here to apologize and to ask for forgiveness REALITY : Sterling has been accused of more than just one "  mistake . " Based on Sterling 's track record with his real estate ventures , the business mogul has made more than one mistake based on discrimination , attorney Gloria Allred said . "  It was n't one mistake . This is not an isolated incident , " Allred told CNN 's Bill Weir on Monday night . Allred is representing a woman who organized plaintiffs in a suit against Sterling . Sterling was sued by the Justice Department in 2006 on allegations that his rental company refused to lease apartments to African-Americans in Beverly Hills and refused to rent to non-Koreans in the Koreatown section of Los Angeles County . That case was settled in 2009 . Sterling agreed to pay nearly $ 3 million but continuing denying the accusations . And in 2003 , the nonprofit Housing Rights Center and a group of tenants who lived in Sterling 's properties sued , accusing him of "  numerous discriminatory statements and housing practices , " according to court documents . Sterling "  vehemently denied " the allegations and accused the plaintiffs of "  being unreliable tenants and for being driven by hidden agendas , " according to court documents . The case was dismissed in 2005 after a settlement was reached . Details of the deal were not disclosed . Sterling to Anderson Cooper : You 're more of a racist than I am ------ CLAIM : "  I was baited . I mean , that 's not the way I talk . " Sterling said he was actually echoing words that Stiviano had used before the recording . "  She would always use the word black , that 's a black girl , that 's a black guy , this is black that 's black , " Sterling said . He also said Stiviano 's alleged comment about bringing "  four gorgeous black guys " to a game came just before the publicized part of the recorded conversation . "  It was like she was baiting me just to say things , " Sterling told Cooper . "  When I listen to that tape , I do n't even know how I can say words like that . " REALITY : Stiviano blames his age . Stiviano , who is part black , said she does n't think the 80-year-old Sterling is a racist . "  No , I do n't believe that in my heart , " she told ABC 's Barbara Walters . "  I think the things he says are not what he feels . Anyone can say anything in the heat of the moment . "  I think he comes from a different generation ... he was brought up to believe these things ... segregation , whites and blacks , " Stiviano added . "  But through his actions , he 's shown that he 's not a racist . He 's shown to be a very generous and kind man . " Ex-NBA player : "  Baited " comment is a joke ------ CLAIM : "  The players do n't hate me . The sponsors do n't hate me . " In fact , Sterling said , people have been calling him "  by the thousands " to offer their support . REALITY : The players have protested , and sponsors have left in droves . At the first Clippers game after the Sterling controversy broke , players wore their red warm-up shirts inside-out and concealed the Clippers name . And sponsors such as Kia , CarMax , State Farm Insurance and Virgin America have pulled advertising from the Clippers after the recorded conversation was released . ------ CLAIM : "  Because the media says that the  other NBA  owners want me out does n't mean that they want me out . " Sterling told Cooper he does n't just have a good team , he 's a "  good owner . " REALITY : He did n't ask the owners if they want him out . Sterling said he has received the support of some other franchise owners . But he later said he did n't ask specifically about whether they wanted him to retain ownership of the Clippers . It 's unclear whether the NBA can legally oust Sterling , CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos said . But Commissioner Adam Silver has placed the onus on the owners ; they have the burden of deciding whether to oust one of their own . Yet even if the owners are privately sympathetic to Sterling , "  an owner who dares to defend the embattled Clippers owner commits social seppuku , " Cevallos said . On the other hand , NBA owners are independent thinkers and independently wealthy , he said . If anyone can weather criticism , it 's these captains of industry . ------ CLAIM : Earvin "  Magic " Johnson "  does n't do anything " for African-Americans . In perhaps the most bizarre part of his interview , Sterling lambasted the retired Los Angeles Lakers legend , who was mentioned several times in Sterling 's recorded exchange with Stiviano . "  What kind of a guy goes to every city , has sex with every girl , then he catches HIV ? Is that someone we want to respect and tell our kids about ? " Sterling asked . "  I think he should be ashamed of himself . I think he should go into the background . But what does he do for the black people ? He does n't do anything . " REALITY : Johnson has made plenty of impact off the court . Johnson has launched numerous business ventures not just to help the black community , but to invigorate the economies of impoverished areas . He founded Magic Johnson Enterprises and began investing in movie theaters , restaurants and fitness centers . The five-time NBA champion has focused on bringing high-quality businesses to diverse communities . He is also chairman and CEO of the Magic Johnson Foundation , which aims to prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS through awareness and education . The foundation has also raised more than $ 20 million for charity and given almost $ 4 million in scholarships . What has Magic Johnson done ? Quite a lot , actually CNN 's Christine Romans , Steve Almasy , Jason Hanna contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Sterling said his comments about black men stemmed from jealousy Attorney : Sterling has a history of discrimination from his real estate ventures Sterling says supporters are calling him "  by the thousands " He also slammed Magic Johnson , saying he has n't helped the black community
The tangled David Petraeus scandal highlights how easily the U.S. government can access citizens ' private e-mails . The FBI 's request to access Paula Broadwell 's personal Gmail account was one of 7,969 similar requests Google received from the U.S. government in the first half of 2012 , according to Google and news reports . The company said it complied with the requests , either fully or partially , 90 % of the time . According to the latest Google Transparency report , Google fielded 20,938 requests for private account data from governments around the world between January and June of this year . That 's up from 18,257 such requests during the last half of 2011 , the company said . "  One trend has become clear : Government surveillance is on the rise , " Dorothy Chou , a Google senior policy analyst , writes in the blog post announcing the latest report -- the sixth Google has released in the last three years . Google stores huge amounts of data and personal information about its users . In addition to the wealth of information in e-mail and Google Drive accounts , the company also has users ' IP addresses , which can be used to determine locations . Beginning in May of this year , the FBI accessed Gmail accounts used by Broadwell to communicate with Petraeus , the former CIA director , during their affair , according to a report in the Wall Street Journal . The bi-annual Google Transparency report is Google 's attempt to "  shine a light " on how often governments around the world ask to access user data as part of criminal investigations . The company also publishes data on how often government agencies request that public content be removed from Google services , such as YouTube videos or blog posts on Blogger . The most common reason cited for wanting content taken down is defamation . U.S. law enforcement agencies seem to be the most curious . The country continues to top the list for the most requests for user data in the world , followed at a distance by India . While Google is admirably proactive about releasing data on government requests , in the majority of cases it does turn over the requested information . The company said it cooperates with U.S. government requests more than any other country . Outdated laws have created loopholes that allow government and law enforcement agencies to request information and conduct electronic surveillance without warrants . The piece of legislation at the heart of the issue is the Electronic Communications Privacy Act , passed in 1986 . Technology has changed radically in the past 25 years . E-mails , cellphones , location information and data stored on cloud services were n't considered when the original law was drafted . Google is an active member of the Digital Due Process Coalition , which has been pushing for reform of the ECPA . The group 's members include Apple , Amazon , the ACLU , Facebook , Google and Twitter along with a slew of other big-name tech companies and civil liberties groups . Other technology companies , including Twitter and LinkedIn , are joining Google and releasing their own transparency reports . The United States Justice department is against any updates to the law that would require more warrants . Revising the ECPA would n't prohibit the government and law enforcement agencies from requesting the information , it would just require they go through an approval process to get the warrants . In a bit of circular logic , the Justice Department has argued that the electronic evidence gathered without warrants is necessary to build enough of a case to later get search warrants .	Google 's Transparency Report shows increase in government requests for private data U.S. made 7,969 requests for users ' Google data in the first six months of 2012 Google pushing for an overhaul of the ECPA law which allows warrantless data requests
CNN  Last year , Kim Jong Un received a surreal , breathy birthday serenade . Dennis Rodman belted out "  Happy Birthday " -- not far from Marilyn Monroe 's rendition -- as the Pyongyang crowd clapped in unison during a basketball game . This year 's birthday affairs are less likely to be bizarre -- Rodman is not in town . Kim 's birthday is believed to fall on January 8 , but like most affairs of North Korea , his personal details are opaque . North Korean state media has not acknowledged the exact date of Kim 's birth in either of its Korean and English-language archives . "  There is a lot of debate about the year he was born , " said Cheong Seong-chang , a senior research fellow at the Sejong Institute , a Korean think tank . "  Some say it is 1984 while others say is '83 or ' 82 . " In previous years , Kim has distributed sweets to children on January 7 which was a tradition held by his grandfather and father during their birthdays . The birthday of Kim Il Sung , the founder of the country , is considered the Day of the Sun and falls on April 15 . Kim Jong Il 's birthday , on February 16 , is known as the Day of the Shining Star . These are the days when residents received goods from the state and children got sweets . The days are marked with pomp and circumstance , including military parades , patriotic chants and oaths of loyalty to the leaders . But the current leader Kim 's birthday has been decidedly more low-key during his three years in power . "  There 's a lot of speculation why that 's the case , " said Lee Jung Hoon , professor of international relations at Yonsei University in South Korea . "  Kim could be trying to put out this image as a humble guy , that he 's not extravagant . Then there 's sort of negative take on this issue , as to he 's still very young , 29 , 30 or 31 . When you start marking his birthday , then the whole North Korean people will start to wonder , then what 's his age ? " And revealing his age raises questions about experience . "  It could be because he is a young leader . Being young could have its advantage and disadvantage , but it appears as though he does n't want to make it public yet , " said Cheong . Unlike his predecessors , there 's little sign that Kim 's birthday is a major national holiday . The Kyodo News reported last year that the current North Korean leader 's birthday is not likely to be celebrated as a national holiday this year , after it reviewed five North Korean calendars for 2015 . And North Korean workers at the joint Kaesong Industrial Complex never have asked for a holiday on January 8 in the past two years , according to the South Korean Unification Ministry , the agency which handles North Korean affairs . His birth date was first revealed by Kenji Fujimoto , the former sushi chef of Kim 's father , Kim Jong Il . "  The date is known as accurate , but North Korea never officially confirmed it , " said Cheong . The Unification Ministry recorded Kim 's birthday as January 8 , although the exact year of birth is marked as 1982 , 1983 or 1984 . In Kim 's three years in power , he 's largely followed the legacies of his father and grandfather , said Lee . A South Korean report that released this week indicated that North Korea could be closer to miniaturizing a nuclear warhead indicating that Kim has continued with the focus on nuclear weapons . And his regime has also been marked by the purge of Kim 's uncle , Jang Song Thaek , who was executed after being branded a traitor in December 2013 . "  Unfortunately , there were some hopes because he was educated in Switzerland and that he 's young , people hoped that there might be some change . None of that has happened . It might be worse , because he 's less experienced than his father and grandfather , and very rash and impatient as we 've seen with the cyberattacks , " Lee said , referring to a Sony hacking scandal in which the FBI blamed North Korea . KJ Kwon reported from Seoul , South Korea , and Madison Park reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	Kim Jong Un 's birthday is believed to be January 8 Unlike his father and grandfather , his birthday is more low-key than previous North Korean leaders Dennis Rodman traveled to North Korea last year and gave birthday serenade
CNN  -- At 23 , many people around the world are still at university -- at that age , Gossy Ukanwoke had already started one . The young entrepreneur is the founder of Beni American University  BAU  , Nigeria 's first private online university . Launched in late 2012 , the school allows students to access their classes at any time of the day with any internet-enabled device . "  We are providing executive programs for graduates who are looking for employment and want to build up their resumes , or managers who want to climb up the hierarchy of their companies , " says Ukanwoke , now 25 . "  We also have courses targeted at people who want to start their own business . " ` Nigeria 's Mark Zuckerberg ' Ukanwoke 's idea to start BAU came from his previous online venture called Students Circle , an educational social networking site he 'd launched while in university that allows learners to interact and access free resources from leading schools . "  When I created Students Circle in 2010 , " explains Ukanwoke , "  I found out that ... many were looking for certificates , hoping that they could get something they could use to maybe find employment or get a promotion in the workplace . "  There was a need for a new institution to be created in Nigeria , " adds Ukanwoke , who was once described by Forbes as "  Nigeria 's Mark Zuckerberg . " Now , some 18 months into his new business endeavor , Ukanwoke has hired 10 instructors and has about 200 students , with an average age of 26 . But the startup 's journey so far has not been without challenges -- Nigerian laws require universities to have a physical campus so last year Ukanwoke went and bought land in the country 's Benue State with the goal to build a private campus that could accommodate some 10,000 students . The project is expected to launch next year , but in the meantime the web courses are up and running -- a 12 week online program can cost between $ 100 and $ 300 . Among the courses offered are corporate diplomacy , global marketing , leadership and management , digital journalism , project management and entrepreneurship and innovation , which is the university 's most popular class . "  It 's good because I have four kids , " says Chinenye Madukwe , one of BAU 's students . "  I have opportunity to work at the same time , because I have a small interior design outfit . " Oo Nwoye , another BAU student , says he enrolled "  for the knowledge . " "  It is just helpful for my business and that is the most important thing to me , " he explains . Education is key A son of two teachers , Ukanwoke says he is driven by his passion to use technology to solve social problems . "  I grew up within the framework where education was put at a very high level of importance , and entrepreneurship is something that I always wanted to do , " he says . "  Without education I do n't think we can do any progress , " he adds . "  It 's not just about getting a certificate -- education is about teaching people how to make a living and teaching people how to live ; how to interact with others , how to lead their lives and make something out of themselves , " continues Ukanwoke . "  With education comes discipline and we need a lot of discipline in Nigeria as well , so education is really important . " Ukanwoke relies mainly on social media to advertize but says that it 's student referrals that are increasing BAU 's enrollment . "  We still have a long way to go , we have a lot of work to do , a lot of policy wrangling too , " he admits . "  But it 's a work in progress and we are quite happy with where we are . "	Gossy Ukanwoke has created Nigeria 's first private online university Called Beni American University , the institution has some 200 students Courses offered include global marketing and leadership and management
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama gave a nod to America 's heartland Tuesday , saying in an interview conducted during halftime of an NCAA basketball game in Ohio he wanted to show his British counterpart , David Cameron , a part of America rarely seen by foreign visitors . "  I thought it was going to be wonderful for the prime minister to have a chance not only to see a basketball game for first time , but also to come to the great state of Ohio , because sometimes when we have foreign visitors , they only see the coasts , they go to New York , they go to Washington , they go to Los Angeles , but you know the heartland is what it 's all about , " Obama said . Obama 's hat tip to Ohio , and his choice of venue , may not be pure coincidence -- Ohio is historically a key swing state in presidential elections . Cameron and Obama flew together on Air Force One to Dayton , Ohio , to take in an opening game of the NCAA basketball tournament . Obama , well-known as a basketball fan , was treating Cameron to a little March Madness , and the pair conducted the joint television interview at halftime of the game between Western Kentucky and Mississippi Valley State . Asked how he thought the teams were playing , Obama replied candidly . "  Both teams are shooting terribly , " Obama said . "  It may be nerves . These are not teams that normally end up coming to the tournament . " Cameron , asked how he was enjoying watching his first basketball game , said he was "  enjoying it , " and that Obama was explaining the ins-and-outs of the American sport . "  He was giving me some tips , " Cameron said . "  He 's going to help me fill out my bracket . " Cameron 's trip to the United States is intended to demonstrate that ties between the countries remain as close as ever . The White House labeled Cameron 's visit -- which started Tuesday and will include meetings with President Barack Obama followed by lunch and dinner at the White House on Wednesday -- an official one , not a state one . That 's because the label of state visit is reserved for heads of state , and Cameron is the head of government . Queen Elizabeth II is the head of state . However , the White House statement said Cameron would attend a state dinner Wednesday night , the sixth of the Obama administration so far . "  The fact that we are hosting the prime minister in the manner that we are demonstrates the nature of the relationship between our two countries ; the fact that it is a special relationship , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Tuesday . On Wednesday , Cameron and Obama will hold talks at the White House and address a joint news conference , followed by lunch and , later , the White House dinner with full diplomatic trappings and toasts . Cameron and his wife , Samantha , will leave Washington on Thursday . "  The visit will highlight the fundamental importance of the U.S.-U.K. special relationship and the depth of the friendship between the American people and the people of the United Kingdom , as well as the strong personal bond that has developed between the two leaders and their families , " a White House statement said . Topics expected to come up at Wednesday 's meetings include the coming NATO and G-8 summits , as well as Afghanistan , the Middle East , Iran and the global economy , according to the White House . In a joint op-ed published Tuesday in The Washington Post , Obama and Cameron emphasized the global benefits of the strong alliance between their nations . "  The alliance between the United States and Great Britain is a partnership of the heart , bound by the history , traditions and values we share , " the two leaders wrote . "  But what makes our relationship special -- a unique and essential asset -- is that we join hands across so many endeavors . Put simply , we count on each other and the world counts on our alliance . " Troops and citizens of the two countries "  have long shown what can be achieved when British and Americans work together , heart and hand , and why this remains an essential relationship -- to our nations and the world , " the commentary by Obama and Cameron said . CNN 's Stacia Deshishku and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime minister , president take in NCAA basketball tourney game in Ohio NEW : Obama is "  going to help me fill out my bracket , " Cameron says The White House stresses a special relationship with Britain Cameron and Obama will hold talks Wednesday
Editor 's note : Fareed Zakaria is a foreign affairs analyst who hosts "  Fareed Zakaria : GPS " on CNN at 1 and 6 p.m. ET Sundays . "  Banks are still reporting large losses , credit remains tight , home prices continue to fall , " notes Fareed Zakaria . NEW YORK  CNN  -- President Barack Obama offered more detail on his plan to restore economic growth Friday , saying the economic stimulus program being debated in Congress is just one of at least three parts to his recovery plan . In a meeting to discuss the stimulus proposal with Vice President Joe Biden and Democratic and Republican congressional leadership , Obama said America also needs an improved financial system stability program as well as an overhaul of financial market regulation . CNN talked to world affairs expert and author Fareed Zakaria to get his thoughts about the most pressing issues facing the new president . CNN : What should be President Obama 's first order of business ? Zakaria : Oh , without question , the economy . This is a problem that is n't going away . Banks are still reporting large losses , credit remains tight , home prices continue to fall . It 's difficult to tell whether the measures enacted have not had time to work , or that they are not working . But the basic reality remains -- the financial system is in crisis , and as a result , the American economy is in a dangerous paralysis . President Obama needs to focus like a laser beam on this issue above and beyond everything else . CNN : Does that mean foreign policy takes a back seat ? Zakaria : Not a back seat , but if I were advising him , I would suggest that he save his presidential time , energy and political capital for the economy . He will probably need to go to Congress soon and ask for more money and more authority . Now , having said all this , the trouble with foreign policy is that it does n't wait around for you until the time is convenient . Things happen and you have to react to them -- like the violence in Gaza . That 's probably why the president called the foreign leaders he did on his first day -- -LSB- Palestinian President Mahmoud -RSB- Abbas -LSB- Israeli Prime Minister Ehud -RSB- Olmert , -LSB- Saudi -RSB- King Abdullah and -LSB- Egyptian President Hosni -RSB- Mubarak . He had to make sure that the situation did n't spiral downward . CNN : What 's the first major foreign policy problem President Obama should address ? Zakaria : Afghanistan . This is his war ; the one he said was the right war . And it is n't going well . The Taliban is gaining strength and the central government is losing power and legitimacy . CNN : The Taliban is back ? I thought we defeated them . Zakaria : The Taliban was not defeated : They retreated . They retreated into the rural areas of Pakistan . If you remember , the Taliban was born in Pakistan and supported by the Pakistani military as a tool to destabilize Soviet-controlled Afghanistan and India . Since they retreated , they have been able to slowly reassert their influence . Rory Stewart , who was just in Afghanistan , is on our show this week and he mentions that in the past , the Taliban only had a presence in southern Afghanistan . But they now can be found in Kabul . The fact they have such a presence in the capital , an area we considered secure , is very troubling . CNN : Why are they experiencing this support within the country ? Zakaria : There are many reasons . But you have to remember , this is still a very poor country that is very fragmented . Security and the rule of law are missing and the Taliban provides it . Barney Rubin remarked that the first thing the Taliban creates when they go into an area is courts . It may not be the type of justice we would like ; but for the Afghans it 's better than the corrupt system that exists . Also , we should n't assume our image of the Taliban is correct . It is a very dynamic organization and changes . We may need to find a way to negotiate with them . CNN : Negotiate with the group that harbored al Qaeda ? Zakaria : It may be a political necessity . Rory Stewart said , "  It 's not ` what ought we do , ' but ` what can we do . ' " He argues that at some point , the reality of troops and money will force us to revaluate our goals and we should start that process now . And there are many other crises America must deal with -- Iraq , Pakistan , sub-Saharan Africa , Iran -- so we ca n't be obsessed with Afghanistan . Barney Rubin added : The question is , whether we can separate the terrorist al Qaeda connections from the political issues of the Taliban . If that can occur , then it may be possible to find a solution in Afghanistan as -LSB- Gen. David -RSB- Petraeus helped broker in Iraq . We 'll have to wait and see what Gen. Petraeus advises the president and what he decides to do . Done in -LSB- the president 's -RSB- spare time , when he 's not handling the economy . -LSB- Barnett Rubin is one of the nation 's foremost experts on Afghanistan and Pakistan and the author of eight books . Rory Stewart , who lives in Kabul , has traveled extensively in Afghanistan and Iraq and written books about his experiences . -RSB-	Fareed Zakaria : Obama should save presidential time , energy for the economy U.S. economy is in dangerous paralysis , says Zakaria Zakaria : War in Afghanistan is top foreign policy problem Obama should address
CNN  -- Perhaps the oddest part of Donald Sterling 's interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper was the way he unloaded on Magic Johnson . It was the second time in about a month that the owner of the Los Angeles Clippers launched into tirade against the NBA Hall of Fame point guard , entrepreneur and philanthropist . In the recorded conversation that earned Sterling a lifetime ban from the NBA , he was caught telling friend V. Stiviano that he does n't want her posting pictures with African-Americans , including Johnson . In Monday night 's CNN interview with Anderson Cooper , he went further -- much further . "  What has he done ? Can you tell me ? Big Magic Johnson , what has he done ? " he said , turning the question on the CNN host . "  He 's got AIDS . Did he do any business , did he help anybody in South LA ? "  What kind of a guy goes to every city , has sex with every girl , then he catches HIV ? Is that someone we want to respect and tell our kids about ? I think he should be ashamed of himself . I think he should go into the background . But what does he do for the black people ? He does n't do anything . " So , let 's ask the question : What has Magic Johnson ever done ? As it turns out , quite a bit -- and he 's been doing them for a long time . Sterling insists he 's no racist , still slams Magic Johnson He won championships For more than three decades , Earvin Johnson has had the "  Magic " touch . He led Michigan State to a national title in 1979 before going first in the NBA draft and winning the championship with the Los Angeles Lakers during his very first year in the league . The paycheck was nice too . Johnson signed a 25-year deal for $ 25 million . It was the longest and highest-paying gig in sports at the time . In 13 seasons with the Lakers , he racked up five NBA championships and three MVP awards . And do n't forget the Olympic gold medal in 1992 as a part of the "  Dream Team " -- the first year pro players could take part . Nine months earlier , Olympic gold seemed like anything but a dream . He helped change attitudes about HIV/AIDS When Johnson announced he was HIV positive and retiring from the Lakers in November 1991 , it sounded more like a death sentence -- so little was known about the disease at the time . But he helped change America 's attitude toward the disease . In an interview with Cooper in November , he described himself as "  the blessing and the curse of HIV . " "  I 'm the blessing because people were talking about it , they ran out and got tested at that time , " he said . "  Then I 'm the curse because ... people now say , oh well , HIV is nothing because if I get it I can be like Magic . He 's doing good , and I can do the same thing he 's doing or take the same medicine he 's taking and I 'll be okay . " "  But what they do n't understand , " he added , "  in 22 years , millions of people have died . " And so , he says , his work is n't done . He 's raised millions for charity The same month he tested positive for HIV , he formed the Magic Johnson Foundation which "  works to develop programs and support community-based organizations that address the educational , health and social needs of ethnically diverse , urban communities . " Fact-checking the Sterling interview In the two-plus decades since the world gasped at his HIV announcement , the foundation has raised more than $ 20 million for charity and given out almost $ 4 million in scholarships . He 's brought business to minority communities As it turns out , Johnson was a pretty good businessman too . He founded MJ Enterprises in 1987 . The focus again was on serving diverse communities , bringing high-quality businesses to minority areas typically under served by larger corporations . And Johnson seemed to invest in nearly everything -- theaters , restaurants , fitness centers , sports teams and a TV network . A partnership with Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz made him millions . So did a share of the Lakers he bought and sold . All together , Johnson 's business empire is estimated at $ 500 million . He 's taken the high road With numbers like that , it 's no surprise that Johson 's longtime agent and friend Lon Rosen came to his defense Monday night , saying Magic was "  the exact opposite " of the way Sterling portrayed him in the CNN interview . "  I 've known Earvin since 1979 and his whole mission in life has been to create business opportunities in urban America and to be charitable , " Rosen said in a Los Angeles Times interview on Monday . "  He has literally donated tens of millions of dollars of his own money to organizations and individuals forever and ever and ever . " For his part , Johnson did n't dignify Sterling 's contentions with a remark . Johnson posted a series of tweets after the interview aired , but he did n't respond to the specific allegations . "  I 'd rather be talking about these great NBA Playoffs than Donald Sterling 's interview , " he said in one . "  After this week , no more Sterling talk . Just the NBA Playoffs , " he said in another . Sterling 's claims vs. reality CNN 's Christine Romans contributed to this report	Donald Sterling targets Magic Johnson in racist rants Sterlings latest comments come in a CNN interview Johnson has a $ 500 million business empire His foundation has raised millions
CNN  -- A 15-year-old girl in Little Rock , Arkansas , is dead , police say , because of a prank that went horribly and tragically wrong . Adrian Broadway was shot in the head and died early Saturday morning . She was with a group of teenagers who had gone to a house to do a "  retaliation " prank on another teen who 'd done a prank on them on Halloween , according to the Little Rock Police Department . The teenagers told police they had thrown toilet paper , eggs and mayonnaise on a car parked there . As they were leaving , a man came out of the house and opened fire . Broadway was struck in the head and died . Another teenager , the driver , suffered injuries to his right arm . He was transported to a hospital , where he was treated and released . "  When those kids left to go out and do this , they -- by no means -- did any one of them think that this was going to be a horrible event , " Lt. Sidney Allen told CNN affiliate KARK . "  They did n't think that it would end up being a deadly prank . " Police have identified the shooting suspect as 48-year-old Willie Noble . He was charged with one count of first-degree murder , one count of a terroristic act and five counts of aggravated assault . Noble appeared Saturday morning in Little Rock Criminal Court , where bond was set at $ 1 million . CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin said Noble may have a viable defense . "  While Arkansas does n't have a traditional stand-your-ground law , " she said , "  I 've learned that they have sort of an expanded castle doctrine law , which means -- not only can you defend yourself and your property inside your home , you can also do it around the perimeter of your home . " Hostin added : "  That 's why this kind of thing just infuriates me ... It 's about , sort of , not only stand your ground , but guns , and the protection of those to just use them stupidly . " Broadway 's friend , Laguyia Bland , told KARK that she dropped the phone and started crying as soon as she heard the news . "  They was trying to be teenagers , " Bland said . "  As you know , teenagers make mistakes , and this was one of those mistakes . "	NEW : 48-year-old shooting suspect may have viable defense , analyst says Adrian Broadway , 15 , was shot in the head and died early Saturday Another teenager was injured ; he was treated and released The teenagers had gone to a house to do a "  retaliation " prank , police say
A lawyer representing the 16-year-old Texas boy who killed four people and critically injured two others while driving drunk lashed out Thursday at the news media for their focus on the use of "  affluenza " to describe the boy 's privileged upbringing . Of the two experts who testified in defense of Ethan Couch , only one used the word and he used it just once , attorney Reagan Wynn told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  That term was not used by either of the lawyers that represented Mr. Couch , and it was not our defense , simply put . " He added , "  I think it is ridiculous for anyone who knows anything about the criminal justice system or the juvenile justice system to think that we walked into court and said , ` Hey , judge , this is a rich , white kid , ' and she went , ` Oh , OK , probation . ' " Asked whether he had ever heard of a poor child getting probation -- and no jail time -- after having killed four people , Wynn acknowledged that he had not . But , he said , the goal of the juvenile justice system is to rehabilitate more than to punish . "  I would submit to you that kids who do things by accident or mistake probably should not be locked up with the key thrown away , " he said . Eric Boyles , whose wife and daughter were killed in the crash , said he thinks the media criticism over the term caused the defense team to want the term to go away . "  I was actually surprised to hear them attempt to walk back the ` affluenza ' term . They created it . The outcry follows it , " he told "  Anderson Cooper 360 " . "  And now they wish that indeed that the negative focus was n't so much around ` affluenza . ' " Doctor coins term Psychologist Dick Miller testified in December that "  affluenza " describes a condition caused when a child of privileged background suffers no consequences for repeated bad behavior . But it is not recognized as a medical condition in any formal sense and Miller acknowledged to Cooper in December , "  We used to call these people ` spoiled brats . ' " The prosecutor had asked that Couch be sentenced to 20 years behind bars . Instead , State District Judge Jean Boyd ordered in December that he be placed on probation for 10 years . In a proceeding Wednesday closed to the news media , she specified the terms of that probation : She ordered that Couch undergo rehabilitation -- at his family 's expense -- at a locked treatment facility in Texas that has not been identified publicly , Wynn said . No minimum time was ordered , though the boy 's driver 's license was suspended and he was ordered to stay away from drugs and alcohol for the duration of his sentence probation . After the proceeding , Wynn was vehement in his attack on the news media . "  If this case has not taught me anything else , it has confirmed what I was pretty sure of all along -- which is that the media circus is poison to the criminal justice system , " Wynn told reporters on Wednesday , adding that the news coverage had affected decisions by treatment facilities about whether to accept Couch for treatment . "  The story that was reported has so twisted the facts that were actually presented in court that I do n't think the truth will ever be able to come out now , " he said . Asked what the public was missing from the news reports , he said , "  I 'm not going to go into detail with you , but I will tell you that if you had been in the courtroom and you had heard all the testimony , you would have heard a significantly different story than what was reported . " Wynn 's attack on the media 's focus on "  affluenza " was rich , the prosecutor said . "  Really ? " asked Richard Alpert , when told of the defense lawyer 's remarks . "  Well , that 's ironic , because it 's his expert that brought that before the courtroom , so somebody made a decision before this hearing that that was a good term . "  He 's a good attorney , his witnesses do n't say things by accident . So they thought maybe that would help . That 's my interpretation . And it blew up on them . It was a stupid thing to say , it affected the credibility of that expert and it will follow that expert wherever he testifies . It was a dumb idea and his testimony was n't credible . " Looking for an apology Couch 's avoidance of jail time underscores the need for legislative changes , Alpert told reporters Wednesday . "  There are some problems with the way juvenile justice is done , " he said . "  We 're going to ask for the right to a jury trial , we 're going to hope to get legislation to do that , let a jury of his peers determine what the punishment should be . " Boyles said he only wanted to hear Couch say he was sorry . "  We certainly have not seen any remorse , " he said Thursday , adding that based on Couch 's demeanor in the courtroom , he did n't think the teenager understands what he has done . Last June , his wife , Hollie Boyles , and daughter , Shelby , left their home to help Breanna Mitchell , whose SUV had broken down . Brian Jennings , a youth pastor , was driving past and also stopped to help . All four were killed when the Couch 's pickup truck plowed into the pedestrians on a road in Burleson , south of Fort Worth . Couch 's vehicle also struck a parked car , which then slid into another vehicle headed in the opposite direction . Two people riding in the bed of the pickup were injured . One is no longer able to move or talk because of a brain injury , while the other suffered internal injuries and broken bones . According to prosecutors , three hours after the crash , tests showed Couch had a blood alcohol content of 0.24 , three times the legal limit . Lawyer : Couch does feel remorse Despite his client 's avoidance of jail time , Wynn said he did n't feel Couch won . "  There is no winner in this case , " he said . "  Ethan is going to live with what he did for the rest of his life , and I can tell you that he certainly feels remorse . " He said his client is suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder following the accident , that he is "  emotionally and socially arrested to where he is effectively like a 12-year-old , " and that he is "  basically shell-shocked " by the process . "  He has a very flat affect , he is able to express remorse but , quite frankly , I do n't think there is anything he was going to say to anyone that was going to make them feel any better , especially coming from him . " Marla Mitchell , whose daughter Breanna was among the victims , said Couch may have gotten off easy , but he 's not done yet . "  Even though he knows how to beat this game , and even if he follows all the little things and jumps through the hoops and does the tricks he 's supposed to do , I do n't think the world is ever going to take their eyes off of him -- no matter where is is , no matter where he goes , no matter what game he or his family think they 've beaten . " She said she hopes his rehabilitation efforts succeed , but added , "  I think it 's shutting the barn door after the horse is already out . But we 'll see . " Boyles said that while he took some solace in the fact Couch was n't allowed to go to some expensive treatment facility with horse riding , yoga and other activities , he still will get to return to his nice life after he finishes his treatment . "  I had a warm , vibrant home that I went to every night . I now go home to a quiet , stark , sterile environment , " he told Cooper . "  So it 's now not a ... it 's just a house . It 's not a home . "	Man who lost wife , daughter says he does n't think Ethan Couch is remorseful "  Affluenza " not used by either of the lawyers , says defense attorney Reagan Wynn The media circus is poison to the criminal justice system , " Wynn says "  Well , that 's ironic , " prosecutor says , noting that a defense witness used the term
CNN  -- In an effort to stem gun violence across the United States , President Barack Obama on Wednesday signed 23 executive actions , which do n't require congressional approval -- some of which called for tougher enforcement of existing laws and required federal agencies to provide data for background checks . He also proposed background checks on all future gun sales , as recommended by a task force led by Vice President Joe Biden . But Congress would have to approve that policy . The term "  universal background checks , " used by some gun control supporters , is code for closing federal loopholes so that such checks will be conducted at gun shows and other private sales . U.S. law requires background checks for all people who try to buy firearms from federally licensed dealers . But federal law does not require background checks for "  private transactions , " such as sales at gun shows . Many states have their own statutes requiring such checks for private sales . Across the country , more than 1 million people failed background checks to buy guns during the past 14 years because of criminal records , drug use or mental health issues , according to FBI figures . That figure , however , is a small fraction of overall gun sales . The issue has risen high in the national conversation after the shock ignited by December 's mass shooting of six adults and 20 children at an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut . Expanded background checks now enjoy the support of mayors in some of the largest cities in America . The idea has been embraced by gun violence survivor Gabrielle Giffords , a self-described gun owner . "  This may be the single most important gun violence prevention measure that the government could adopt , " said Lindsay Nichols , an attorney with the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence . "  This loophole means that dangerous criminals and dangerously mentally ill individuals have a most unfettered access to firearms . " But National Rifle Association President David Keene suggested to CNN 's Candy Crowley that he has little faith in universal background checks , saying they do n't work . Keene spoke a few days after sitting in on the Biden task force . He implied that the task force was n't sincerely considering NRA positions on gun control issues , saying they were simply "  checking the box . They were able to say , ` We 've met with the NRA . We 've met with the people that are strong Second Amendment supporters . ' " The NRA reiterated that concern on Wednesday after the president held a news conference and signed the executive action . The group touted its "  efforts to promote safety and responsible gun ownership , " and its "  focus on keeping our children safe and securing our schools , fixing our broken mental health system , and prosecuting violent criminals to the fullest extent of the law . " But it also took a thinly veiled swipe at the president 's moves . "  Attacking firearms and ignoring children is not a solution to the crisis we face as a nation . Only honest , law-abiding gun owners will be affected and our children will remain vulnerable to the inevitability of more tragedy , " the NRA said . What part of universal background checks does NRA support ? Keene did say he favored background checks to block people who may be mentally ill or potentially violent from buying guns . But federal law already requires that , Nichols said . Details of the president 's proposals One problem with the systems is that many states do n't report the names of people who 've been legally labeled dangerously mentally ill . Improving the accuracy and availability of information about these people , Keene said , is one possible area for agreement . He suggested "  tightening up on putting information in the database . It 's school security . It 's beefing up the way we deal with the mentally ill . " Nichols said "  huge gaps " exist in the database , which is called the National Instant Criminal Background Check System , or NICS . For example , the Virginia Tech shooter , who killed 33 people and himself in 2007 , had passed two background checks because Virginia did n't submit his mentally ill status to the database , Nichols said . "  As a result of that shooting , the federal government passed a law encouraging these states to submit these records , and a large number of states passed laws . So there 's been significant improvement in reporting dangerously mentally ill persons to NICS , " Nichols said . "  But there are still about half of the states that report hardly any dangerously mentally ill people . They may not have the resources or the political will to enforce the law . Yeah , it 's crazy . " How do background checks now work ? Anytime someone buys a gun from a federally licensed gun dealer , the dealer is required to run a check on the buyer by submitting the name to the federal database . That database consists of criminal records and mental health records as provided by federal and state courts and agencies . Convicted felons , people convicted of violent domestic crimes , and those determined by the courts to be dangerously mentally ill are prohibited by federal law from buying firearms , Nichols said . Also , states have added their own categories of who is prohibited from buying a gun , Nichols said . For example , California prohibits gun ownership for people convicted of any kind of violent crime , drug offenses , alcohol abuse and juvenile offenses while underage , Nichols said . Vermont is the only state without such laws , Nichols said . Just how many gun purchases do n't require federal background checks , and how does that happen ? Forty percent of all firearms purchased in the United States are sold without background checks because the guns are n't purchased from a federally licensed firearms dealer , Nichols said . Rather , those weapons are bought at gun shows , on street corners , over the Internet or from friends or neighbors , Nichols said . These are the so-called loopholes in the current federal background check system . The NRA disputes that characterization about the "  gun show loophole " because federally licensed firearms dealers participate at gatherings and , of course , conduct background checks . "  Most of the guns that are purchased at a gun show are purchased from federal firearms-licensed holders , " Keene said . He challenged the 40 % figure for gun sales without background checks -- particularly at gun shows . "  We do n't know what  is the  percentage at gun shows . It may be 10 % , " Keene said . "  It 's not such a loophole at gun shows . But it 's like if you sell me your shotgun , that 's a private transaction . Just as if I sell you a car , I do n't have a dealer 's license . " Ten states and the District of Columbia have their own laws requiring background checks for any firearm sold at a gun show , Nichols said . Six more states require background checks for gun-show sales of handguns , but not for rifles or shotguns , Nichols said . In total , 16 states and the District of Columbia require background checks on handguns sold at gun shows , Nichols said . These states that close loopholes , however , provide exemptions for gun transfers between immediate family members and between licensed dealers , Nichols said . Are background checks effective ? From the time when the gun control measures of the Brady Act were enacted on March 1 , 1994 , through the end of 2008 , the federal government processed more than 97 million applications for gun transfers or permits , the Justice Department says . Almost 1.8 million applications were denied , the agency said . On this matter , both sides are in agreement . Said Keene : "  Background checks are generally a good thing . " Added Nichols : "  Background checks have a huge deterrent effect . People who are ineligible to buy a gun are unlikely to try if they know they are going to be subjected to a background check . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report from Washington and Mark Morgenstein updated this report from Atlanta .	President proposes "  universal background checks " on all gun sales "  Universal background checks " refer to closing loopholes in federal gun sales laws Those loopholes apply to private gun sales that usually involve gun shows NRA challenges the "  loophole " characterization
CNN  -- Thanks to a crop of how-to dating shows , such as Bravo 's "  The Millionaire Matchmaker " and VH1 's "  Tough Love , " more people are reaching out to matchmakers , making an age-old art fashionable again . Back in 19th-century Russia -- around the time of "  Fiddler on the Roof " -- women dreaded visits from the village matchmaker and longed to choose their own men . Today , real-life dating experts are in high demand . "  Millionaire Matchmaker " star Patti Stanger says her off-screen business , Millionaire 's Club International , is growing just as fast as her TV series , which , in its third season premiere , increased viewership by 30 percent , according to Nielsen Media Research . It 's great having more clients , Stanger said , though there 's more dross to sort through . "  We 're on the map , everyone knows the brand , but it takes 30 to 45 guys until we find a real guy , " she said . "  Crazy people come in -LSB- out of -RSB- the woodwork . " And while certain aspects of her club have been sensationalized for TV -- like having millionaires pick their dates out of a room full of men or women looking to date them -- Stanger tells it like it is , whether or not the cameras are rolling . "  I 'll tell -LSB- clients -RSB- off . I 'll say , ` You want to be 80 -LSB- and alone -RSB- in the nursing home ? ' " "  Tough Love " features Steve Ward , chief executive officer at Master Matchmakers , a matchmaking service his mother JoAnn Ward -- who also appears on the show -- founded more than 20 years ago . On the show , Ward works closely with single women who he says "  need an objective third party to give them constructive feedback that can help them find what they 're looking for . " There are many people looking for answers , especially young people with nowhere else to turn , Ward said . About half of the 20,000 people who applied to be on his new spin-off "  Tough Love Couples " were younger than 21 , he said . Hiring a matchmaker can be pricey . Some services charge thousands of dollars for one-on-one consultations . However , many matchmakers will list you in their database for a smaller fee . The success of the shows has rubbed off on the matchmaking industry . Despite her general dislike for "  The Millionaire Matchmaker , " Janis Spindel said the Bravo hit , which debuted in 2008 , is somewhat responsible for spiking interest and boosting her client base . Her company , Janis Spindel Serious Matchmaking , has seen a 41 percent increase since these programs found a place on cable TV . One client , a former bachelor from Austin , Texas , contacted Spindel after his daughter inadvertently introduced him to "  The Millionaire Matchmaker . " "  His teenage daughter was watching it in the living room , and when he walked in , he heard what the show was about and took interest in the art of matchmaking , " Spindel said . Samantha Daniels of Samantha 's Table , a bicoastal matchmaking service , said she has also watched her business boom since matchmaking shows first appeared on TV . "  Miss Match , " a romantic dramedy based on Daniels ' life as a matrimonial attorney turned matchmaker , aired on NBC in 2003 . Whether it aired about six years too soon , or just settled in to an unfortunate time slot , the series was canceled after one season because of disappointing ratings . Despite "  Miss Match 's " missed mark , Daniels plans to give TV another shot . She 's is in the planning stages of her own reality show to teach women to be better daters . "  Putting that show on the air and going forward with more shows on the air , people are coming to understand what the business is more , " Daniels said . "  A lot of people will say ... ` You do that in real life ? I want someone to do that for me . ' " Jan Yager , author of "  125 Ways to Meet the Love of Your Life , " said fear is the main reason people are reluctant to contact matchmakers , and she 's glad that reality matchmaking shows are doing their part to ease that fear . Yager , who met her husband of 25 years through the personals , said it 's important to get past the stigma that comes with hiring a matchmaker . Some people have an "  if it happens , it happens " attitude when it comes to finding love , she said . "  But did you get to -LSB- be successful at work -RSB- because ` if it happens , it happens ' ? Did n't you have to plan and put time into it ? Think about it . " In addition to educating viewers about how to find love and sustain healthy relationships , matchmaking shows have helped to eliminate the stigma often associated with hiring a matchmaker , said Stanger , who met her fiancé through her own service . "  Now it 's not taboo to hire a matchmaker . " she said .	Nielsen Media Research : "  Millionaire Matchmaker " season 3 ratings show up season 2 's Matchmaker Janis Spindel 's business up 41 percent since matchmaking shows hit TV About half of the 20,000 who applied to be on "  Tough Love Couples " were younger than 21
MINGORA , Pakistan  CNN  -- Gen. Nadeem Ahmad swirls the helicopter over Pakistan 's ground zero . Below is the Swat Valley of North West Frontier Province . A Pakistani soldier patrols a ruined street in Mingora . From the air , the valley in the foothills of the Hindu Kush looks undisturbed . Green fields amid clusters of drab houses . A closer look at Swat reveals how well the Pakistani Army fared in its military campaign to wipe out the militants . The cost of success : massive destruction that is sure to hamper the lives of already suffering residents just starting to trickle back to the homes they fled . A few months ago , ferocious battles between Pakistan 's Army and Taliban fighters erupted here -- in Swat , Buner and Lower Dir districts . War 's remnants serve as a constant reminder . A destroyed bridge . Pockmarked houses . Hotels that look like they 've been abandoned for years . Nadeem maneuvers the chopper to circle Mingora , the largest city in the Swat Valley . From the hilltop Army sentry posts that come into view , soldiers survey the ground below , hard won from Taliban fighters . The militants , Nadeem says , have fled to nearby mountains . On the ground , he shows off a cache of weapons seized in the fighting . The soldiers are keen to boast their victory . Mingora remains on high alert . A curfew has been lifted for morning hours , although soldiers keep close watch on those who venture out . The city 's pain is plainly evident on its scarred , deserted streets . Many shops are shuttered or destroyed . Watch Stan Grant tour the shattered streets of Mingora " The United Nations estimates that 375,000 Swat Valley residents fled their homes during the fighting . In all , 2.5 million Pakistanis were displaced in what was said to be one of the largest human migrations in recent history . About 260,000 people have been living in 21 refugee camps in neighboring Mardan , Swabi , Nowshera , Peshawar and Charssada districts , but the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees say the "  vast majority " of internally displaced Pakistanis have been staying with host families , rented houses or in schools . The government plans to return people first from the camps and then focus on those living elsewhere . But this week , the United Nations Children 's Fund  UNICEF  warned that as many as 1 million people could remain displaced until December because of the widespread destruction in their home towns , such as Mingora . Relief agencies have reported dire humanitarian conditions in Mingora : hospitals without electricity that are inundated with patients , an erratic supply of water and natural gas . One resident , who identified himself only as Abdullah , told CNN that returning people are facing shortages in food , water and basic supplies for survival . Some displaced families also expressed concerns about schooling for their children , reported the Integrated Regional Information Networks  IRIN  , the U.N. news agency focusing on humanitarian issues . Louis-Georges Arsenault , emergency office director for UNICEF , said 1 million children were at risk of not starting school by September , mainly due to the Taliban 's widespread destruction of schools and that 4,000 existing schools continue to shelter displaced people . Businessman Muhammad Khan , 40 , who recently returned to Mingora , voiced the despair of returning residents . He told IRIN that "  everything is in ruins . " "  Everything is in ruins , " IRIN quoted Khan as saying . "  It will take months for life to return to normality . " But that normality will no longer include the Taliban , Pakistani soldiers say . The fight was hard , but it was victorious , they say . They point to an area in the city where they say the Taliban displayed the bodies of their victims , some beheaded . It became known as "  Slaughter Square . " Slaughter Square 's name may be outdated for the time being , but residents like Abdullah say it will be a long time before life in Mingora returns to what it once was . "  I do n't like army . I do n't like Taliban , " Abdullah says , standing among the ruins of what used to be a thriving market . "  I only want peace . "	Pakistani forces in Swat Valley claim victory in fight against Taliban militants Refugees trickling back to the region find towns , bridges destroyed Up to 2.5 million Pakistanis estimated to have been displaced by conflict Local businessman : "  Everything is in ruins . It will take months to return to normality "
CNN  -- For most of his life , Marlon Jackson was shy . He was the kind who would stand in the corner at a party swaying side-to-side , quietly sipping on a beer while others danced and socialized . "  We called him Fudgie , " Marlon 's cousin , Juarez Jackson , said . "  Fudgie was a great cousin with a smile that could light up an entire room . He was not the person with the most words , but he had a great sense of humor and personality . " CNN first learned about Marlon when his name was added to the Home & Away database , an interactive memorial for the troops who have lost their lives fighting in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars . Thanks to Juarez , we were given an opportunity to learn more . Marlon was nicknamed Fudgie after a character in a reggae song who was known for being outgoing and was quite the ladies man , someone who Marlon was not . Juarez , a native of Kingston , Jamaica , explained that it is common in Jamaican culture to give someone a nickname that is opposite of who they really are . "  If someone 's big , we call them smally . If they 're tall , we call them shorty , " Juarez said . "  It was kind of a play on him not being that outgoing and him being a real introvert . " Marlon was born in Jamaica and adopted at nine by Leighton Jackson and Lois La Grenade and a few years later , he moved to New Jersey with his adopted father . Around 14 , his cousins in Georgia , who he would visit often , dubbed him Fudgie . He often introduced himself to others using the obverse nickname . "  He loved it , " Juarez said . "  Everybody called him Fudgie , and he got a big kick out of it . " Marlon might have been quiet , but according to Juarez , when he did talk , he always had something interesting to say . "  Some people , they do n't need to say anything and they just have that way about them , " Juarez said . "  Everyone listened when he said something because he rarely spoke .  Marlon was  just very on point with the words that came out of his mouth . " But when Marlon enlisted with the U.S. Army in 1999 , Juarez saw a big change in his cousin 's personality . He started to break out of his shell and became more confident in himself , something his cousin wants people to remember . "  I want people to remember him giving it all but also remember how the service made him better , " Juarez said . "  I saw how great Marlon had become as an individual . He still had his introvert self , but he was just way more confident , way more powerful as a person . It was great to see that , and I know it was the Army that brought that out of him . I do n't think there is anywhere else that could have done that to him like the service did . " When Marlon enlisted , pre-September 11 , 2001 , it never crossed his cousin 's mind that one day he might see combat . "  The most war you 'd hear going on is between Biggie and Tupac and they just passed away , " Juarez said . "  You never thought about any global war going on . That was in the back of our minds . " Even when Marlon was deployed to Iraq in March of 2003 , Juarez never thought that Fudgie might not return . But when his uncle told him on November 13 , 2003 , that Marlon had been killed by a roadside bomb two days prior , on Veterans Day , his whole life changed . "  In your 20s , you do n't think that someone is going to pass away . You just do n't think that someone is going to be 25 and not be here anymore , " Juarez said . "  It was kind of hard to believe . " At the time of Marlon 's death , Juarez was in college studying computer science . He had known since he was in the sixth grade that he wanted to be a software engineer , but he did not know in what capacity until his younger brother started working in the defense industry and cousin Marlon enlisted in the Army . "  It was an encouragement to me to do something that I thought was more meaningful , " Juarez said . "  What Marlon did , what soldiers do , that makes a difference . That 's shaping the world . That 's shaping the future . " Juarez started working for the defense industry in 2005 as a software engineer , and one of his first projects involved outfitting U.S. military Humvees with armor that could help protect troops from rocket-propelled grenades and improvised explosive devices , something that Juarez believes could have possibly saved his cousin . Juarez is still with the defense industry , working side-by-side with service members from all around the world . He knows that what he and his fellow engineers do makes a difference , and he loves that they are all working towards the same goal : helping the brave men and women serving in the armed forces . "  I think  Marlon  would have been proud of the accomplishments that my brother and I have made , " Juarez said . "  I am just kind of disappointed that he 's not here to share in some of this . " But to this day , Juarez ca n't say he has bad feelings about his cousin going to war . "  He did an admirable thing . He did something that I think is one of the highest callings you can have in life -- to serve other people . He did that with zeal and gusto , and no one had to pull him dragging to do it . He did it because he wanted to do it , and he knew it was something that would make him better . "	Spc. Marlon Jackson was killed when a roadside bomb detonated in Iraq in 2003 Marlon is remembered by his cousin as a shy , introverted young man Marlon became more confident after joining the Army Marlon 's life influenced his cousin , Juarez , to work as software engineer in defense industry
Washington  CNN  -- The one-sentence order from the U.S. Supreme Court was brief but emphatic . The year was 1972 and the justices were asked to decide something extraordinary in that era : whether an openly gay couple from Minnesota had a "  fundamental right " under the Constitution to legally wed. . In just 13 words , the court under Chief Justice Warren Burger dismissed the Baker v. Nelson petition , "  for want of a substantial federal question . " For about four decades that was the final word on the issue , at least legally . Now a generational shift in public acceptance has given same-sex marriage a powerful new voice . Judges around the country -- in state and federal courts -- have spoken with a near unanimity over the past year that millions of gays and lesbians have been denied an equal protection right to tie the knot , or to have their legal unions recognized by their home states . Opinion : Marriage equality is not like abortion The public debate is back at the nation 's highest court , with the justices being asked to offer a fresh , definitive , and binding ruling . The court next week will return from its summer recess and meet privately to consider appeals originating from same-sex couples in five states : Utah , Oklahoma , Virginia , Wisconsin and Indiana . If one or more of those petitions are accepted now for review , oral arguments would likely be held early next year , with a monumental opinion expected by late June 2015 . "  The question of whether same-sex marriage bans are constitutional is a historic issue , under the Constitution and for the Roberts Court , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of SCOTUSblog.com and a respected Washington attorney . "  It 's hard to imagine a situation where judges are going to have more power to define the social and family relationships of the country . " A patchwork of state laws on the issue Same-sex marriage is legal in 19 U.S states plus the District of Columbia : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont , and Washington state . Massachusetts became the first to grant the right in 2004 . A Supreme Court ruling on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage would essentially end a patchwork of state laws -- some that allow it , some that do not , and a few that allow protections short of marriage , such as civil unions and domestic partnerships . The highest court by its nature is a deliberative body , preferring almost by instinct to take things slowly , allowing issues to percolate in the lower courts and in the political discourse . Did Obama drop Supreme Court hint ? White House says no Not so here . What has been most remarkable about the issue is how rapidly the core constitutional questions have reached the justices , presenting an inevitability among those on both sides of the debate they will get involved . The court hurried to schedule the appeals from the five states for its closed-door conference , even before all the legal briefs had been filed . That suggests the justices are ready to add the controversies to the docket , and now . Some conservative activists say this bench should slow down , and ultimately stay out . "  When the court on such an issue -- where there are very strong opinions on both sides , and a huge issue of social change in our country -- steps in and makes it into a constitutional issue , it makes the justices look significantly more political in the eyes of the American people , " said Carrie Severino , chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network . "  It would cast doubt on the legitimacy of the court ... by imposing one type of solution for the entire nation , instead of leaving it in the hands of the states to decide how they want to address this issue . " Many supporters of "  traditional " marriage privately say preserving an inflexible one-man/one-woman definition of wedlock nationwide would not be realistic moving forward , and that a divided bloc of states upholding the status quo may be the best possible scenario . But all that hinges on what the Supreme Court does and does not do . A federal appeals court in August took just nine days after intensive oral arguments to issue its sweeping conclusion that voter-approved same-sex marriage bans in Indiana and Wisconsin were unacceptably discriminatory . And state leaders then took just five days to formally ask the Supreme Court to intervene . Even Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg recently hinted a "  why wait " attitude may predominate . "  I think the court will not do what they did in the old days when they continually ducked the issue of miscegenation , " she told the Associated Press in July , referring to state bans on interracial marriage , which was not struck down by the high court until 1967 . "  If a case is properly before the court , they will take it . " In their private conference on Monday -- just the nine justices , no one else attends -- the court will discuss among itself whether to grant a "  petition for a writ of certiorari , " essentially if any of the marriage cases deserve full scrutiny . It takes just four justices to put such petitions on the docket , but five to ultimately prevail on the merits . "  The stakes are incredibly high for Americans and for the legacy of the Roberts court , " said Elizabeth Wydra , chief counsel of the progressive Constitutional Accountability Center . Moderate-conservative "  Justice Anthony Kennedy , who has been a crucial vote on the question gay rights -LSB- in the past -RSB- , is again expected be a crucial vote in this case . " The high court 's big cases this year More than 80 pending marriage equality lawsuits in 31 states State and federal judges in the past year have ruled 39 times in favor of the expanded marriage right , while two have upheld existing laws . All this follows what the Supreme Court in 2013 said peripherally on the issue . Fifteen months ago , the justices cleared the way for same-sex marriages in California to resume after they ruled private parties did not have "  standing " to defend a voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbian couples from state-sanctioned wedlock . More importantly , the high court also rejected parts of the federal Defense of Marriage Act in its 5-4 "  Windsor " decision , citing equal protection guarantees to conclude same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits , such as tax breaks . That federal question now morphs into the higher-stakes state jurisdiction , where marriage laws have traditionally been controlled , and where the equal protection issues will ultimately be resolved . By CNN 's count , various individuals and gay rights groups have launched more than 80 pending marriage equality lawsuits in all 31 states with current bans . A Supreme Court review would put all that litigation on hold . However , the nine justices have complete discretion to stand on the sidelines for now -- and wait for a majority of these state battles to play out , or for a federal appeals court to uphold a ban	Public debate over same-sex marriage returns to the Supreme Court Justices to meet to consider appeals from gays , lesbians in five states Same-sex marriage laws are decided by states , resulting in legal patchwork across U.S.
CNN  -- A major international environmental group has pulled out of the process to guarantee that diamonds do not come from conflict zones , saying the Kimberley Process had refused "  to evolve and address the clear links between diamonds , violence and tyranny . " So why are so-called "  conflict diamonds " so controversial ? What are conflict diamonds ? Conflict or "  blood " diamonds are illegally traded to fund conflict in war-torn areas , particularly in central and western Africa , according to the World Diamond council , which represents the commercial diamond trade . The United Nations defines conflict diamonds as " ... diamonds that originate from areas controlled by forces or factions opposed to legitimate and internationally recognized governments , and are used to fund military action in opposition to those governments , or in contravention of the decisions of the Security Council . " They are generally in "  rough " form , meaning they have recently been extracted and not yet cut . At the height of the civil war in Sierra Leone , it is estimated that conflict diamonds represented approximately four percent of the world 's diamond production . Who suffers ? Apart from the innocent people caught up in the conflicts that the trade fuels , thousands of men , women and children in countries such as Sierra Leone are used as slaves to extract diamonds . They are often forced to use primitive , back-breaking methods such as digging into mud or gravel along river banks with their bare hands . The collected material is then separated using hand-held sieves . What is the Kimberley Process ? The Kimberley Process started when Southern African diamond-producing states met in Kimberley , South Africa , in May 2000 , to discuss ways to stop the trade in conflict diamonds and ensure that diamond purchases were not funding violence . The result was an agreement by the United Nations , European Union , the governments of 74 countries , the World Diamond Council -- representing the industry -- and a number of interest groups such as Global Witness . They established the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme  KPCS  , whereby members are required to certify that all rough diamond exports are produced through legitimate mining and sales activities and are "  conflict-free . " Each shipment carries a certificate that details where the diamonds came from , how they were mined , where they were cut and polished , the parties involved , and their ultimate destination . The idea is that members of the Kimberley Process can not trade with non-members . Is it working ? According to Amy Barry of Global Witness , the Kimberley Process has yet to demonstrate itself capable of stopping the trade because of a lack of political will among member states . "  Zimbabwe , for example , is a test case for the KP , " she told CNN in 2010 , alleging that Robert Mugabe 's regime has benefited from the sale of blood diamonds despite it being a member of the Kimberley Process . She said the huge Marange diamond fields of eastern Zimbabwe are operated by military-run syndicates who beat or kill miners who do n't mine for them or pay bribes . The extreme violence perpetrated by the military even included the mass murder of hundreds of miners by helicopter gunships , she added . But with just one or two member states able to veto any punitive action against abuses or infringements of the KP scheme , no decisive action has been taken against Zimbabwe . "  This consensus decision-making means tough decisions do n't get made , " said Barry . "  Certain countries are putting economic and political interests in front of defending the fundamental principles of the scheme . " Is the "  conflict trade " limited to diamonds ? No . According to Global Witness , rebel fighters and army units have hijacked the trade in mineral ores , used in the production of mobile phones and computers , from eastern Democratic Republic of Congo  DRC  , while subjecting the local population to massacres , rape , extortion , and forced labor . The "  conflict minerals " are then laundered into the global supply chain by export houses , before being transformed into refined metals by large international smelting firms . Global Witness says the operations of some of the world 's leading consumer brands are now being scrutinized for evidence of links to this rogue trade .	Group pulls out of process to guarantee diamonds do not come from conflict zones Conflict or "  blood " diamonds are illegally traded to fund conflict in war-torn areas Thousands in countries such as Sierra Leone are used as slaves to extract diamonds Global Witness : Kimberley Process has not shown itself capable of stopping trade
If you 've got it , do n't flaunt it -- at least not on the Spanish resort island of Mallorca , where citizens are so sick of under dressed tourists that fines could soon be issued for inappropriate attire . A proposed new law , reportedly close to being enacted , will ban the wearing of swimwear outside bathing areas in the island 's capital , Palma . Officials say they 're happy for visitors to let it all hang out on the beach , but when it comes to wandering around town , semi-nudity is a no-no . "  I do not know of any upscale resort town that allows this practice , " Alvaro Gijon , deputy mayor of Palma , reportedly told a recent press conference . The proposed crackdown is part of a wider set of measures aimed at tackling what is seen as anti-social behavior on the island , a popular package destination for north Europeans . No specific penalties have been detailed in Palma City Council 's "  Ordenanza Civica " -- also known as the "  good citizen plan . " ` Devoid of superior clothing ' However , the UK 's Daily Mail newspaper expressed concerns that what some media outlets called a "  bikini ban " could leave unsuspecting travelers facing fines in excess of $ 800 . Its readers seemed less concerned , with some commenting that they 'd welcome a cover-up . One of them , Calagran , commented : "  I 've lived on Mallorca for the past 11 years and it makes my skin crawl when I have to stand behind some fat sweaty individual in the supermarket who thinks it 's OK to let it all hang out . " Under a section titled "  etiquette , " the Ordenanza states that it 'll be forbidden for anyone to be "  naked or nude " in public places or "  devoid of superior clothing . " Unlike an ill-fitting pair of Speedos , there is some room for maneuver , however . The proposed prohibition does n't apply to boardwalks or streets adjacent to the beach -- so there 's no need to dress up when dashing for an ice cream .	Proposed new law will ban the wearing of swimwear outside of bathing areas in Mallorcan capital Palma Measure is part of wider campaign to crackdown on what is seen as anti-social behavior There are concerns that fines could be slapped on unsuspecting visitors , but many welcome the ban
CNN  -- An Ohio inmate , convicted of killing and dismembering a 22-year-old woman in 1991 , was executed Tuesday using a new , untested one-drug method of lethal injection , state officials said . Kenneth Biros , 51 , was pronounced dead at 11:47 a.m. at a prison in Lucasville , Ohio , the state attorney general 's office said in a written statement . His last words , according to Department of Rehabilitation and Correction spokeswoman Julie Walburn , were : "  Sorry from the bottom of my heart . I want to thank all of my family and friends for my prayers and who supported and believed in me . "  My father , now I 'm being paroled to heaven , " Biros said , according to Walburn . "  I will now spend all of my holidays with my lord and savior , Jesus Christ . Peace be with you all . Amen . " Biros ' execution is the first in Ohio since September , when the governor and federal courts halted capital punishment in the state after a botched attempt to execute another prisoner , Romell Broom . The prison staff could not find a suitable vein for the injections . The one-drug method had never been tried on a U.S. death row inmate . It relies on a single dose of sodium thiopental injected into a vein . A separate two-drug muscle injection was available as a backup , officials said . The one-drug method has been used to euthanize animals . The same drug , sodium thiopental , at a much lower dosage , is the first ingredient in the three-drug method previously used in Ohio , as well as in all but one of the other 34 states that allow the death penalty . Some capital punishment opponents claim the sodium thiopental , which renders the prisoner unconscious , can wear off too quickly , and that some prisoners would actually be awake and able to feel pain as the procedure continues . Biros ' execution was initially scheduled for 10 a.m. , but preparations were delayed as officials waited for a ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court on Biros ' request for a stay , Walburn said . The high court without comment denied the request about 10 a.m. , and "  we were about an hour behind " in preparations , she said . The execution began around 11 a.m. Biros died about 10 minutes after the drugs began to flow , she said , but he was not officially pronounced dead until later . Biros , 51 , was convicted of killing Tami Engstrom near the town of Warren . He met the woman at a bar and offered to drive her home , and later admitted robbing and attempting to rape her . Prosecutors said Biros dismembered Engstrom and spread her body parts around northeast Ohio and neighboring Pennsylvania . The crime was "  particularly heinous , with 91 pre-mortem wounds , " according to the clemency report . Biros claimed he acted in a fit of drunken rage . He was involved in litigation challenging the three-drug method and received a stay of execution in 2007 because of his involvement in the suit , according to minutes of a November parole board meeting posted on the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Corrections ' Web site . His attorney , Timothy Sweeney , had also objected to the one-drug method , saying it was unconstitutional . Sweeney wrote in an appeal that use of the one-drug method would amount to "  human experimentation , pure and simple . " But the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals last month denied Biros ' request for a stay , concluding that since Ohio had announced it would change its protocol and rely on the one-drug method , Biros ' argument regarding the three-drug method was moot . Biros ' last meal was served about 7:45 p.m. Monday -- pizza with extra cheese , mushrooms , onions and green peppers , along with onion rings , deep-fried mushrooms , Doritos , french onion dip , blueberry ice cream , Dr Pepper and cherry pie , Walburn said . During its meeting last month , members of the state parole board heard a prerecorded statement from Engstrom 's mother , Mary Jane Heiss , according to the meeting minutes . Heiss said her health was not good but she was saving her strength to attend Biros ' execution . "  Since her daughter 's death , she has endured nearly 20 years of constant pain and nightmares , " the minutes said . "  She believes that the nightmares will end with the execution . It makes her sick that Biros tortured and brutally murdered her daughter . " The board voted 7-0 to deny Biros clemency . In attempting to execute Broom in September , authorities tried unsuccessfully for hours to find a vein to administer his lethal injection . Afterward , Gov. Ted Strickland announced he would delay the executions of two other men until March at the earliest . Broom 's execution has not been rescheduled . Ohio has put 32 people to death in the past decade . CNN 's Bill Mears and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Kenneth Biros was convicted of killing and dismembering a 22-year-old woman in 1991 He was executed Tuesday using a new , untested one-drug method of lethal injection His attorney objected to the method , saying it was unconstitutional The U.S. Supreme Court without comment denied a request to stay the execution
Social media messages are once again playing a role in an investigation of two teenagers in Steubenville , Ohio , according to authorities . This time , it 's for allegedly threatening the 16-year-old rape victim of two star Steubenville High School football players , who were convicted over the weekend for the sexual abuse of the girl that was partially documented in texts , tweets and pictures posted to the Internet . The two girls , ages 15 and 16 , were charged Tuesday with intimidation of a witness , a felony charge in the third degree , according to Fred Abdalla Jr. , chief probation officer for Jefferson County Juvenile Court . Steubenville , weary of investigation , not done yet They also were charged with a misdemeanor count of aggravated menacing and a misdemeanor count of telecommunication harassment , he said . A judge ordered the girls held in the county 's juvenile lockup until March 27 , when they will appear in court to answer the charges , Abdalla said . The arrests are the latest fallout in a rape case that has roiled the down-on-its-luck town along the Ohio River . "  People are allowed to be obnoxious , and they 're allowed to say crazy things , and that 's fine , " Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine told CNN on Tuesday . "  But they ca n't under Ohio law threaten to kill someone , and we had to take action . " Healing process after rape never ends In one of the tweets , the writer appears to threaten to kill the girl at the center of the rape case . Another warns that she will be beaten . The messages were among a swarm of tweets posted Sunday , shortly after the verdicts for two teenage boys found guilty of raping the girl by putting their fingers in her vagina while she was too intoxicated to consent during a series of end-of-summer parties in August . That case prominently featured photographs , videos and text messages documenting portions of the abuse . Victim in Steubenville rape case says she woke up naked In addition to the threatening tweets , other Twitter users posted messages harshly criticizing the rape victim 's character , according to screen shots captured by a website dedicated to fighting online bullying . The accounts from which the tweets reportedly originated were either deleted or password-protected Tuesday afternoon . The girl accused of tweeting the death threat turned herself in after learning that investigators were looking for her , Sheriff Fred Abdalla said . The other girl reportedly apologized on Twitter before her mother deleted her account , according to the anti-bullying website . The site said the girl 's mother also apologized in a posting , saying her daughter is "  in tears and is more sorry than I have ever seen her . " The sheriff called the arrests a warning to anyone else considering threats against the victim . "  And I can assure you we 've been monitoring Twitter for 24 hours and continue to , " he said . "  If there 's anybody else there crosses a line and makes a death threat , they 're going to have to face the consequences . " Steubenville rape trial focuses on text messages , cell phone pictures DeWine , whose prosecutors handled the rape case against the football players , also warned that any further threats wo n't be tolerated . "  People who want to continue to victimize this victim , to threaten her , we 're going to deal with them and we 're going after them , " DeWine told CNN on Tuesday . "  We do n't care if they 're juveniles or whether they 're adults . Enough is enough . " Steubenville has been in a harsh spotlight since the rape accusations became national news in December . A crime blogger and former Steubenville resident , Alexandria Goddard , uncovered some of the social media documentation of the abuse and wrote pointedly about the possibility that the boys had been given preferential treatment because they played on the town 's highly regarded high school football team . Police have denied that claim . National media picked up on the case , followed by the loosely organized hacker group Anonymous , which found and posted a lengthy video in which another teenager -- who has not been charged -- made joking references to the rape . The ensuing ire over the case brought national attention and criticism to the city from around the country , leaving city officials struggling to defend the community and residents weary of the media spotlight . On Monday , the victim 's mother told CNN that the verdicts are "  the start of a new beginning for my daughter . " But she added , "  We need to stress the importance of helping those in need and to stand up for what is right . " "  We hope that from this something good can arise , " she said . "  I feel I have an opportunity to bring an awareness to others , possibly change the mentality of a youth or help a parent to have more of an awareness to where their children are and what they are doing . The adults need to take responsibility and guide these children . " While the verdicts seemed briefly to indicate the case was winding down , DeWine announced a grand jury investigation to determine if anyone else should be charged with a crime as a result of incidents surrounding the abuse . Opinion : Steubenville case shows how the rules have changed	Two teen girls are charged with witness intimidation and menacing The girls , ages 15 and 16 , are accused of tweeting threats against a rape victim "  Enough is enough , " Ohio attorney general says of threats in Steubenville case The rape case also prominently featured social media messages
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- He was born in Saudi Arabia and spent much of his youth in New York and south Florida . Then he vanished . Investigators now allege that Adnan Shukrijumah has risen to a key position in al Qaeda 's leadership . The FBI says that after he left America , Shukrijumah started off as an al Qaeda dishwasher , doing menial tasks at training camps . But he 's much more than a dishwasher now , according to investigators . "  It 's like any other business . He would be equated with being the chief of operations , " says Brian LeBlanc , a special agent for the FBI . As the alleged director of al Qaeda 's overseas operations , investigators believe he is "  extremely dangerous , " LeBlanc says . "  He may not be someone who 's going to come into the United States to conduct the attack , but what makes him more dangerous is he 's out there plotting the attacks and recruiting people to actively do that , " LeBlanc says . The breakthrough came when LeBlanc , an FBI counter-terrorism agent , linked Shukrijumah to the thwarted New York subway suicide mission last fall -- the biggest post-9 / 11 terror investigation . Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay admitted they planned to blow themselves up using homemade bombs . Prosecutors say it was Shukrijumah who called the shots -- probably from somewhere along the Afghan-Pakistan border . " -LSB- Shukrijumah -RSB- was the one that convinced ... them to come back to the United States and conduct the attack here , " LeBlanc says . But Shukrijumah 's mother -- who did not wish to be named in order to protect her privacy -- says authorities are using her son as a scapegoat . "  That is not my son . My son is not a violent person . He is very kind , generous , " she says . Shukrijumah -- the eldest son of a Saudi Imam -- came to America as a young child . They settled in Brooklyn , New York , where his father preached at a mosque . They lived at a nearby house before moving to Florida in the mid - '90s . His father , who is now dead , opened a small mosque near Fort Lauderdale . Meanwhile , Shukrijumah worked at odd jobs , including selling used cars . His family says it 's how he paid for courses , including computers and chemistry , at a small college in South Florida . He even took classes to improve his English . A few years later , when the FBI said they wanted to find him , Shukrijumah 's English professor remembered videotaping him in class and turned over the tape to the FBI . That proved crucial six years later . On a hunch , LeBlanc asked agents in New York to show that video of Shukrijumah to would-be bomber Zazi . "  From that video , he was able to make an identification , " LeBlanc says . The FBI says it now has a more detailed profile of Shukrijumah in part , from 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheik Mohammed . Just before 9/11 , the FBI says Shukrijumah crossed the U.S. by train . Later , he scoped out the Panama Canal as a target . He went to Trinidad , London and -- by June 2001 -- Afghanistan . On 9/11 , his mother says he called home for the last time . "  He called me and he said , ` Did you hear what happened with so and so and so ? ' He said , ` They 're putting it on the Muslims . I said , ` yes . ' " She says she told him not to come home . "  And he was arguing with me . He said , ` No , I did n't do nothing . I will come , do n't worry about this , ' " she recalls . After that , she says , she never heard from him again . Shukrijumah 's mother adamantly denies her son is directing al Qaeda attacks . But when asked about Faisal Shahzad -- who has pleaded guilty to federal terrorism charges in the attempted car bomb attack in Times Square in May -- she says that sometimes "  you have to do something very alarming for the people to wake up . " "  It 's not because you hate them or you want to destroy them or you want to hurt them , " she says . When asked if she has a message to send her son , she says she has nothing to say . "  He -LSB- has -RSB- his own guide in his own heart , " she says . For the FBI , it 's all about staying one step ahead . Where will al Qaeda -- and their alleged chief of operations -- strike next ? "  He 's definitely focused on attacking the United States and other western countries , " LeBlanc says . The FBI believes Shukrijumah is likely in Pakistan 's lawless tribal region of Waziristan . Shukrijumah moved up the ladder after two others who directed outside operations for al Qaeda were killed in suspected U.S. drone attacks , the FBI says .	FBI says Adnan Shukrijumah started out as a dishwasher and worked his way up Investigators allege he is the director of al Qaeda 's overseas operations FBI agent calls him "  extremely dangerous " His mother says he is not a violent person and authorities are using him as a scapegoat
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Shweyga Mullah gestures a greeting to her visitors at Tripoli 's burn hospital . Her head wrapped in fresh bandages , her frail body under a red fleece blanket , Mullah is slowly regaining her dignity . Tears stream down her cheeks , not of pain anymore , but relief . She is grateful for all those who have helped her in her ordeal . She prays now for God to heal her and return her to her family in Ethiopia . Mullah worked as a nanny for two of former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's grandchildren . When she could n't keep one from crying , Aline , the wife of Gadhafi 's son Hannibal , poured boiling water on her head . CNN journalists discovered her in Hannibal Gadhafi 's plush home after anti-Gadhafi forces overran Tripoli and Hannibal Gadhafi and his wife fled to Algeria . Mullah 's scalp and face were a mosaic of injuries that rendered her face into a grotesque patchwork . Even though the burns were inflicted three months ago , she was still in considerable pain . "  I think it 's a crime against humanity , " said Naji Barakat , the new Libyan health minister . Apparently , it was not just Mullah who suffered as servants of Hannibal Gadhafi 's family . A man too frightened to reveal his name led CNN reporters to another one of Hannibal Gadhafi 's properties , a gated , high-walled villa-like house , where the man said more abuse was meted out to staffers . "  Shweyga is not the only one , " he said , describing a Sudanese man who was also scalded with water after he burned an undershirt he was ironing . He said the foreign staff bore the brunt of the abuse . Another foreign nanny contacted CNN and described Aline Gadhafi as a "  sadist " and a "  psychologically sick " woman . A room in the villa perhaps bears out the nanny 's words -- a prison cell in a private home . Back at the burn hospital , Mullah faces months of recuperation and surgery . Her story generated enormous public response . So far , people have donated more than $ 16,000 dollars for her care . Now , CNN is working with several agencies to make sure that Mullah gets proper care and that she can get back home to her family after her nightmare under the Gadhafis .	Shweyga Mullah says Moammar Gadhafi 's daughter-in-law poured boiling water on her She is recuperating from her painful head wounds One man says domestic staffers , especially foreigners , were abused Another Nanny calls Aline Gadhafi a "  sadist "
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The failed computer system that caused flight delays across the country has been restored , the Federal Aviation Administration said Thursday . FAA spokesman Paul Takemoto said the system went out at 5:06 a.m. ET and came back on about five hours later . He said officials working to pinpoint the cause know that there was a problem with the main telecommunications systems . "  It was an efficiency problem rather than a safety problem , but it was a serious efficiency problem , " Takemoto said . Due to the outage , air traffic controllers had to enter flight plans manually , a problem that causes delays , according to the FAA and the National Air Traffic Controllers Association . The air traffic controllers ' group said the problem will cause flight delays throughout the day because of a "  domino effect . " "  Air traffic controllers are without electronic decision-making tools and can not keep up with the sheer numbers of flights -- resulting in delays , " the controllers ' group said in a statement during the outage . "  Air traffic controllers on the ground at major airports are getting no automated flight plan information and have to enter that information manually , a cumbersome and time-consuming process . " Carmen McDonald was among those passengers inconvenienced by flight delays when the computerized system that airlines use to file flight plans failed for several hours Thursday in Atlanta , Georgia , and Salt Lake City , Utah . McDonald said she thought her Spirit Airlines flight would leave on time around 7 a.m. ET from Fort Lauderdale , Florida . But the 39-year-old model sat for an hour and 15 minutes amid the noise of loud kids before the plane was ready to leave a logjammed runway and take off to Boston , Massachusetts . "  I 'm frustrated , " she said , distracted by using Twitter and calling on her cell phone as her plane sat planted on the runway . "  I have somewhere to be . " iReporter records video from tarmac AirTran Airways spokesman Christopher White said the airline had canceled 22 flights around the country as of 8 a.m. ET and had delayed dozens more because of the flight plan filing system problem . He said most of the canceled flights were in Atlanta , AirTran 's hub of operations , and others are spread throughout the country . White said the problem will have "  a pretty major impact on operations " and the cancellations will have a ripple effect . "  We will be a mess all day , " he said . AirTran , which operates about 700 flights a day , asked customers to check airtran.com before showing up at the airport . Delta Air Lines spokeswoman Susan Elliott said the airline was not providing numbers on how many flights were affected . But she said that Delta will give travelers some flexibility in rescheduling . American Airlines spokesman Tim Smith said that 300 to 500 flights had been delayed , virtually every one scheduled for takeoff . The longest delays have been a little more than an hour , but no flights have been canceled , and some might be consolidated , he said . "  Things are moving ; they are just moving more slowly , " Smith said , adding that American has been affected at LaGuardia and John F. Kennedy International airports in New York as well as in Dallas/Fort Worth , Texas , and Chicago , Illinois . Smith said the problem reflects that the U.S. air traffic control system operates with what he calls "  1960s technology " and needs to be modernized . US Airways spokesman Morgan Durrant said the airline had a few delays across the system , including some as long as 30 minutes but it does n't anticipate any more . Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport said officials there were "  monitoring the situation regarding the FAA 's automated flight plan system . " "  The airport is working to minimize the impact on customers by bringing in additional staff and ensuring that all facilities are operational and fully maintained . All passengers are encouraged to contact the airlines regarding the statuses of their flights before they head to the airport , " the airport said . At Indianapolis International Airport , most morning flights left on time with little impact from the computer glitch , but inbound flights from large hubs are expected to be delayed Thursday and possibly into Friday , said spokeswoman Susan Sullivan . The airport asked concessionaires to beef up staffing levels and has added employees to keep the facility clean and the passengers comfortable . The system -- the National Airspace Data Interchange Network , or NADIN -- appears to be the same one that failed in August 2008 . The FAA said the information in the network is data required to launch planes expeditiously . Airplane safety was not affected , the FAA said , adding that planes in the air had radar coverage and communication . Weather also might have played a role in Northeast flight delays . The air traffic controllers said "  weather equipment was affected " and information such as winds speeds was not "  processing . " The controllers said that "  airport efficiency is being cut at least -LSB- in -RSB- half at places like New York-JFK " and that in the "  New York airspace , controllers are forced to put 20 miles of space between aircraft . " CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Jeanne Meserve and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Air traffic controllers ' group says problem will cause delays throughout day NEW : FAA says officials working to pinpoint cause of computer system glitch "  I 'm frustrated . I have to be somewhere , " delayed passenger says Air safety not compromised , FAA says
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The Mexican Supreme Court has ordered the release of 20 people who were convicted in the massacre of 45 people in 1997 . Mexican Mayan Indian massacre survivors reenact the killings of 45 people in Acteal village in this 2003 photo . The court ruled that authorities obtained evidence illegally and that the defendants were denied due process and lacked an adequate defense . The 20 were convicted for taking part in a massacre in the community of Acteal , in the southern state of Chiapas . Four of five Supreme Court justices decided Wednesday to order their immediate release , the court said in a statement . "  It 's obvious that the evidence was obtained illegally , " said Judge Jose de Jesus Gudino . Investigators say 45 men , women and children were killed in Acteal by people who suspected they had links to the Zapatista Army of National Liberation , a group that launched a rebellion against the Mexican state in January 1994 . It was nearly four years after that rebellion , on December 22 , 1997 , that the 45 unarmed indigenous peasants were massacred in Acteal . Then-President Ernesto Zedillo ordered an investigation that eventually led to arrests . In addition to ordering 20 people released , the Supreme Court called for the review of cases involving six others who were convicted in the massacre . Judge Juan Silva Mesa decried the judicial process that led to the convictions . "  For me there is no greater injustice than allowing them , under and in the name of the law , to commit injustice " and thereby "  affect someone 's fundamental human rights , " he said . CNN 's Mario Gonzalez contributed to this report .	Mexican high court orders release of 20 convicted in 1997 killings of 45 people Court rules evidence obtained illegally , defendants denied due process Unarmed indigenous men , women and children massacred in state of Chiapas Killers thought Indian peasants had ties to Zapatista Army of National Liberation
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Philadelphia police are still searching for the woman who they say abducted a 5-year-old girl from her elementary school on Monday by posing as the girl 's mother , dressed in a Muslim-style head covering . The suspect , who police say may be pregnant and may go by the name "  Rashida , " took the girl to a nearby house where a male suspect waited . Once inside the home , authorities say , the girl was told to remove her clothing and was given a black T-shirt to wear . She was blindfolded and forced to hide under a bed , they said . She was fed at some point . "  This was an egregious crime , and the community should be outraged , " Capt. John Darby , commanding officer of special victims , said at a news conference Wednesday . "  This was not a random act as far as we 're concerned . " A man on his way to work early Tuesday found the girl wearing only the black T-shirt and crying under a slide at a playground , police said . She has since returned home with her mother , and there are "  no overt " signs of injury , Darby said . Police are searching door to door in the neighborhood near the school for the two suspects . The ordeal began when the woman wearing a head covering with only her eyes exposed came to Bryant Elementary School shortly after classes started Monday and scribbled her name on a sign-in sheet , police said . She did not show identification but said she was the child 's mother and wanted to take her out for breakfast , Darby said . She then proceeded to the child 's classroom and asked for the girl by name . Neither parent had given permission for the child to be taken out of school , Darby said , adding that the female suspect "  knew exactly what to do . " The abduction has raised questions about the School District of Philadelphia 's protocol . "  It 's disturbing that an adult is able to walk into a classroom and have the teacher release the child without knowing who the adult is , " said Fernando Gallard , a school district spokesman . Policy requires anyone signing out a student to go to the main office and provide identification that matches a list of approved individuals , he said . As he headed to work early Tuesday , sanitation employee Nelson Myers said he heard what he said sounded like a cat meowing before realizing it was an abandoned girl . "  When I got closer , it sounded clear : ` Help , help , ' " Myers said at a news conference Tuesday . "  When I saw her under the slide , I was shocked , " he said . "  She was there by herself and only had a shirt on . " Myers will receive a $ 10,000 reward offered by the city , Mayor Michael Nutter announced via Twitter . "  Mayor @Michael_Nutter , full $ 10,000 reward to Nelson Mandela Myers , who saw  the girl  in an Upper Darby park and did the right thing , " Mark McDonald , the mayor 's spokesman , tweeted Tuesday . "  I am just glad I was there at the right time , because I just wish somebody would do that for my child if my own child was in that situation , " Myers said . Now , police are hoping the public will help identify the suspects behind the girl 's abduction . They are offering two rewards in connection with the case : $ 5,000 from the Fraternal Order of Police for the arrest of one or both offenders ; and $ 5,000 from the Citizens Crime Commission for the arrest and conviction of one or both offenders , authorities said . Police describe the female suspect as a dark-skinned black woman in her late 20s , 5 feet 5 inches to 5 feet 8 inches tall with a thin build , and possibly pregnant . Police say the male suspect is a light-skinned male , in his mid-30s , with short brown hair , wearing sweatpants and a blue , long-sleeved t-shirt .	Police are searching for two suspects in child 's abduction Woman , possibly pregnant , took the girl from her school after posing as her mother Girl is now with her mother , no "  overt " injuries It raises questions about Philadelphia 's school security protocol
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Stars and Stripes , the newspaper that receives U.S. military funding to help it cover and get distributed free to American forces in war zones , complained Tuesday of censorship by military authorities in Iraq . A soldier with the U.S. Army 's 1st Cavalry Division patrols the streets of eastern Mosul , Iraq , on June 16 . In a story on its Web site , the newspaper known as Stripes said the military violated a congressional mandate of editorial independence by rejecting a request to embed reporter Heath Druzin with the U.S. Army 's 1st Cavalry Division , which is attempting to secure the city of Mosul . The military cited various problems in Druzin 's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division , according to the story . One example noted by the military was a March 8 story that said many Mosul residents would like the American soldiers to leave and hand over security tasks to Iraqi forces , the Stripes Web site said . "  Despite the opportunity to visit areas of the city where Iraqi Army leaders , soldiers , national police and Iraqi police displayed commitment to partnership , Mr. Druzin refused to highlight any of this news , " Maj. Ramona Bellard , a public affairs officer , wrote in denying Druzin 's embed request , according to the Stripes story . A military official in Iraq defended the move to turn down the reporter 's request . "  U.S. Army units in Iraq remain committed to the media embed program and appreciate objective media reporting , " said Lt. Col. David H. Patterson Jr. , a spokesman for Multi-National Corps-Iraq . "  The relationship that Druzin established with the command during a previous embed did not facilitate being invited back . " Patterson added that Druzin was welcome to embed in another unit and that the 1st Cavalry Division was open to having a reporter other than Druzin . "  Accusations of censorship are without merit , " Patterson said . Other allegations against Druzin by the military included that he used quotes out of context , behaved unprofessionally and persisted in asking Army officials for permission to use a computer to file a story during a communications blackout period , the Stripes story said . Terry Leonard , editorial director at Stars and Stripes , denied the Army 's allegations , calling Druzin 's previous reporting on the division accurate and fair . "  To simply say ` you ca n't send him because we did n't like what he wrote ' is unacceptable , " Leonard said . He noted that Congress set up Stripes as an independent newspaper so that "  no commander can decide what news troops in the field receive . " Army officials have offered to allow a different Stripes reporter to embed with the division or to allow Druzin to embed with a different Army unit in Kirkuk , Leonard said . Stripes rejected those offers because the military has no right to deflect coverage from Mosul or decide which Stripes reporter covers its operations , Leonard said . "  To deny Mr. Druzin an embed under the reasons stated by Maj. Bellard is a direct challenge to the editorial independence of this newspaper , " Leonard wrote in his appeal to the decision , according to the Stripes story . "  That independence is mandated by Congress . The denial of the embed constitutes an attempt at censorship and it is also an illegal prior restraint under federal law . ... The military can not tell us what stories to write or not write . " Stripes receives close to $ 10 million a year from the Department of Defense to help defray the costs of covering "  contingency " operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , including the publishing and distribution of roughly 85,000 free newspapers a day , Leonard said . The newspaper receives additional government subsidies , with the total amounting to less than half of its budget , he said . Other revenue comes from ad sales and circulation at permanent U.S. military bases and elsewhere , Leonard said . CNN has been denied embed requests on occasion but never because of the past conduct of individual journalists . The reasons have almost always involved logistical details involving security and force coverage .	Newspaper says military 's rejection of embed request is censorship Paper wanted reporter Heath Druzin to be embedded with Army division in Iraq Army rejects request , cites Druzin 's previous interactions with division Army denies accusations , says different reporter may embed with division
Canton , Ohio  CNN  -- As the snow started falling , I drove to Giant Eagle to pick up some groceries . With a storm on the way , I needed to stock up on supplies in case we got snowed in . I pulled into the parking lot of the store and found a spot right in front of the entrance . I sat there for a few minutes , collecting what I needed to take in . As I reached over to the passenger seat to grab my wallet , I glanced over at the car next to me through the passenger window and saw three people who were loading their groceries into their car . I also saw a large man standing there , reaching over the hood of their car . He was wiping the snow and ice off the car 's windshield with his bare hands . The owner of the vehicle looked at him with an icy stare that seemed to say , "  How dare you touch my car . " She seemed disgusted just breathing the same air as the man cleaning her windshield . Instead of asking him to stop or giving him a few dollars , she quickly climbed into her car and gunned the car forward so fast the man was knocked back . A few seconds later , the man got up , walked to my car and knocked on my window . I had n't even processed what I had just witnessed . Now he was coming over to me and I had no idea what to say . "  Please , not now , I just want to get what I need and get home , " I thought to myself . Where I live , it 's common for people to approach you for money . I took a deep breath and started to open the door . The man opened it the rest of the way , being careful not to hit the car next to me . This man stood well over 6 feet and wore sweatpants , a light flannel shirt and boots that were left untied . It was roughly 20 degrees outside and he was clearly not dressed for the cold . In a rather abrupt voice , he broke the silence by asking , "  Can I have your change ? " I scooped up the change I had in the car and gave him everything I had , which was only $ 2.37 . After handing him the money , I explained that I did n't have any more . "  I 'm cold and hungry . Can you take me to the shelter ? " he asked . I noticed his hands . They were at his side but his fingers moved silently up and down , as though he was playing an invisible piano . He spoke with great difficulty -- in a stilted , mechanical fashion and his face showed no emotion . I never felt threatened , although he stood in my personal space about 1 or 2 feet in front of me . He would occasionally look in my direction , but never at me . Although he stood so close , he avoided eye contact . "  Can you drive me to the shelter ? Because it 's warm there and they have food , " he asked me again . "  I 'm homeless and very hungry , " he said . "  I 'm not lying to you . If I lie to you then you might not help me . " I really did n't know what to say , because I was n't comfortable driving him anywhere . Then he asked me to buy him some food and gloves . I thought about what to say . I knew he would have a hard time understanding : I do n't have any money . My family is struggling to survive each day . I was trying to figure out how to explain to him that I could n't help , but I was at a loss for words . Then something happened that shook me to the core and completely broke my heart . As I was trying to tell him no , he looked me in the eyes . All of a sudden , I was looking at my oldest son . My wife and I have three boys with autism ; the oldest is 12 . Looking at the bare-handed man was like looking through some special window at my oldest son , 20 or 30 years from now . It was like being run over by a freight train . I was washed by a wave of clarity and my eyes and heart were now open to what was happening in front of me . Suddenly I was transformed from a person trying to avoid the whole situation into a parent , filled with compassion and understanding . He again asked me to buy him food because he was hungry and gloves because his hands were cold . Something about him was so familiar . Yes , I would buy him some food . I would never deny any of my children food if they were hungry . He smiled in my direction and took my hand without looking at me and led me into the store . His hands were cold , hardened and chapped . I noticed the looks people gave me as I walked with the bare-handed man into the grocery store . His clothes were old , beaten up and had a foul odor . He asked me to buy him a gift card so he could buy food later , when he would be hungry again . So we walked over to the rack and he picked out a Giant Eagle gift card . I put $ 25 on the gift card . I gave him $ 25 in cash and asked him to please buy some gloves and a bus ride to the shelter . He asked for the receipt so "  When the police stop me , I can prove I did n't steal this . " He told me again that he was n't lying . I told him I knew he was n't . He turned to walk away , stopped and looked in my direction as if to say "  Thank you , " but did n't . What he did said more than a simple thank you . He showed me his eyes again for a brief moment before he turned around and left . I was beside myself with grief . How could someone I did n't know have such a profound effect on me ? It took everything I had not to burst into tears . I just could n't shake just how much the bare-handed man reminded me of my oldest son . Their eyes , mannerisms and even the way they speak were so similar . My son struggles with boundaries and personal space simply because he does n't understand , not because he wants to be invasive . All I could think was , "  How does this happen ? " I was smacked in the face with reality . Related story : Parents of autistic children who "  take nothing for granted " Someday I wo n't be here to take care of my children . What if this happens to them ? What if they are the ones wiping off a windshield with their bare hands and almost being run over by someone who does n't care ? I ca n't let that happen . I wo n't let that happen . Since that cold February day in 2011 , I have met the bare-handed man on a few more occasions . Along the way , I learned that his name is Tim and that he remembers me . Tim has shown me just how much work still needs to be done . I would like to think that my experience that day -- the way people treated Tim in that frozen parking lot -- was an isolated incident . Sadly , I know it 's not . Things like this happen all the time . To this writer and father of three beautiful boys on the autism spectrum , this is simply unacceptable . We need to do what we can to help the world better understand both children and adults with autism . I 'm terrified of what the future might hold for my children . I have witnessed how cruel and unforgiving the world can be to people who are perceived as different . It is an ugly reality but one I 'm working to help change . Please help spread autism awareness , even if it 's one person at a time . Remember that the autistic children of today will be the autistic adults of tomorrow . These people need and deserve our compassion , understanding and respect . Let 's help to ensure that what happened to my friend Tim in the parking lot of the Giant Eagle does n't have to happen to anyone else , ever again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rob Gorski .	Rob Gorski is father to three sons with autism and blogs at "  Lost and Tired " Gorski encounters a homeless man brushing ice and snow off his windshield Homeless man reminds Gorksi of what could happen to his children
CNN  -- Two French advisers helping the Somali government with security were kidnapped in Mogadishu on Tuesday morning , according to the French Foreign Ministry . Young al-Shabaab militants with a heavy machine gun in Mogadishu on July 13 . The two French citizens were on an official mission in the Somali capital when they were seized by armed men , the ministry said in a statement . Eyewitnesses said a group of gunmen stormed into Mogadishu 's Sahafi hotel , which is frequented by foreigners , and seized the two French citizens . Somali government officials confirmed that about 10 gunmen forced their way into the hotel , but had no details on the reported kidnapping . Witnesses said the gunmen took the two blindfolded and bound hostages on foot towards Mogadishu 's Bakara market , a stronghold for Islamist insurgents fighting against the Somali government . The Islamist insurgency in Somalia is led by Al-Shabaab -- an al Qaeda-linked group that is on the United States ' terror list . It wants to overthrow Somalia 's weak , transitional government and implement a radical version of sharia , or Islamic law . Watch exclusive footage of militant attack on presidential palace " Fighting in Somalia 's capital city has displaced 200,000 Mogadishu residents since early May , according to the United Nations . Journalist Mohamed Amin Adow contributed to this report .	Officials : Two French citizens were on an official mission in the Somali capital Eyewitnesses said a group of gunmen stormed into Mogadishu 's Sahafi hotel Witnesses say they were taken to Bakara market , a stronghold for militants
CNN  -- "  This is Norway checker , " echoed the voice through the scrambler . "  I have a good stop for you in Stavanger . " Nobody on the outside world could have known what she meant . But inside Bletchley Park , a World War II code-breaking enclave in the English countryside of Buckinghamshire , 18-year-old Ruth Bourne had discovered a vital piece of intelligence . Working alongside thousands of other women to decipher encoded German signals sent between Nazi generals , Bourne 's discovery meant passing on the information to her superiors to assess whether this was another piece of the decryption puzzle . Read more : Code-breaking Enigma machine goes under the hammer With every room named after a country that had been toppled by the Nazis , and each machine christened as one of its towns , Bletchley Park 's simple yet effective checking system proved crucial in the defeat of Hitler 's regime . A culture of secrecy Far from being a group of experienced decoders , however , the estate 's recruits mainly consisted of young teenage military personnel , a smattering of crossword whizzes who had been able to complete The Daily Telegraph 's puzzle in less than 12 minutes , and numerous 18-year-old girls plucked from their quiet home towns . "  It was the middle of the war when I received a call saying I was to go into war work to support Britain 's efforts from home , " explains 88-year-old Margaret Bullen , a machine wire operator who served from 1942 until the end of the war . "  A letter from the Foreign Office then arrived saying I had an interview -- but I had no idea what it was for , and two weeks later , I was told I 'd be off to Bletchley . " Read more : Enigma machine sells for world record price "  Before starting work we were told to sign the Official Secrets Act , which was a rather frightening experience for someone as young and naive as I was , " says 90-year-old Becky Webb , who joined the war effort at age 18 in 1941 . "  I had no idea how I 'd comply with it ! " But compliance was the only option , making these three young women -- Webb , Bullen and Bourne -- fierce guards of the country 's anonymous decoding history for several decades . Indeed , it was n't until some thirty years later that Bletchley 's long maintained shroud of secrecy began to lift , after the publication of "  The Ultra Secret " -- a tell all book from former RAF officer Frederick W. Winterbotham , who later became an Ultra supervisor . The 1974 expose revealed how Ultra intelligence had been used to intercept communication behind enemy lines and disseminate vital information to Britain and its allies . Though Winterbotham was accused of embellishing and aggrandizing his role in the tale , without his account , the real story of what went on inside the UK 's code-breaking operation may never have been known . Read more : 70-year-old coded war message found attached to pigeon "  It sounds strange that we knew so little about what was going on , but that was how it was , " reflects Bullen . "  I was sent to live with a couple who were ordered to take me in because of the war . They never once asked me what I was doing there -- nobody did -- not even the local village workers who 'd serve us coffee at the cafÃ © on our lunch break , in spite of the fact a group of 18-year-olds had suddenly arrived in this little hamlet , " she explains . "  I only heard the name Colossus -- the machine I was working on -- some three decades after the war ended , and it was n't until I later visited Bletchley Park that I said : ` this is where I worked , this is what I did ! ' " While Winterbotham 's revelations sent shock waves through the secretive decryption community , lifting the lid on what really happened inside the park ensued slowly and sporadically , with the bulk of the information being released in the early 2000s . "  I 'm delighted that we can discuss our time there now that everything has come out , and I give talks on the subject whenever I 'm asked , " enthuses Webb . "  I 've given 97 to date ! " Silent heroines For many of the young women at Bletchley , though , the removal of the clandestine veil came too late , with the majority of workers ' parents having passed away before the decryption effort became public knowledge . Bourne , an 18-year-old naval recruit who was sent to one of the park 's expansion locations in Eastcote -- on the outskirts of London -- was one of many who was never able to tell her loved ones about her contribution to the war . "  You led two lives there , " she recalls . "  One life was in A Block , where you ate in the canteen , and talked about boyfriends , and getting trains to London , and where to find black nylon stockings . " "  B Block was where we worked , surrounded by high walls , barbed wire and two naval marines guarding the place . If you could make your voice heard over the noise of 12 Turing Bombe machines , that was the only time you would speak about work -- but you never would , " she explains . "  I never knew what any of my coworkers were doing , and vice versa , and my parents never knew a thing of it . " After the Nazi regime fell in 1945 , many of Bletchley 's women returned home , while others stayed involved with the military 's work . Bourne was given work as a wire destroyer : desoldering the many cables that had been painstakingly connected during intelligence operations throughout the war , while Webb was sent to the Pentagon to paraphrase translated Japanese messages for transmission to officials . "  Upon leaving Bletchley , we really had no skills whatsoever , " remembers Bourne . "  Apart from how to keep a secret ! " And that secret was very nearly never told , especially after the original estate was due to be knocked down some 23 years ago , with houses and a supermarket planned to be built in its place . Preserving Bletchley It was in May of 1991that Bletchley 's fortunes changed , after a small local committee gathered a group of veterans at the park to say a final farewell to the historic location . But the group became determined to turn it into a heritage site after hearing the astounding stories of so many code-breakers , engineers and members of the Women 's Royal Naval Service  WREN  who worked at the park during the war . The Bletchley Park Trust was formed the following year , and from then on , regular reunions and exhibitions at the estate have enabled its former workers and inhabitants to share stories that were on the precipice of being lost forever . Winterbotham 's book might have been the first time that story of the World War II code-breakers entered the realm of popular culture , but it certainly was n't the last , with TV drama "  The Bletchley Circle " proving popular in both the UK and United States earlier this year . With a second series on its way , and exhibitions at the Trust attracting visitors from around the globe , the world 's fascination with the once elusive Bletchley Park shows no sign of slowing . The culture of secrecy that once threatened Bletchley from being all but erased from the history books has well and truly ended . The National Museum Of Computing at Bletchley Park in Milton Keynes , UK unveils its "  Women in computing " exhibit .	Bletchley Park was the home of British code-breaking during World War II The National Museum of Computing based at the Bletchley estate launched a new exhibit on women in computing Bletchley 's fascinating history only became public several decades after the war ended Women made up majority of the 10,000 people who worked at secret code-breaking operation
CNN  -- The American dream of holding two Formula One races next season has been kept alive after a new Grand Prix of America was added to the 2014 calendar . There had been fears that the new race on the East Coast would not go ahead after Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone told CNN last month that race organizers had not raised enough money to fund it . An inaugural grand prix in New Jersey has now been included in the record-breaking 22 race calendar issued by motorsport 's global governing body , the FIA , Friday . "  The entire Grand Prix of America team is thrilled to join the 2014 FIA calendar and we look forward to bringing world class Formula One racing to New Jersey , " race promoter Leo Hindery , Jr. said . But the race , scheduled for 1 June , has a provisional status which means it could still be dropped from the sport 's global tour . Mexico has also been penciled in to stage a grand prix for the first time since 1992 , when the event was held in Mexico City . A provisional race in 2014 has been given a date of 16 November . Korea , the destination for the next race of this season , has been moved forward to April and has also been given provisional status on the 2014 calendar . F1 returned to the U.S. in 2012 with the inclusion of the U.S. Grand Prix held at a new circuit just outside Austin , Texas . The Grand Prix of America is planned to be held on 3.2 miles of public roads in Port Imperial , a district in the New Jersey towns of West New York and Weehawken . It snakes alongside the Hudson River and would give the race a spectacular backdrop of Manhattan 's historic skyline . Construction on the site is well under way , and last year three time world champion Sebastian Vettel and former F1 driver David Coulthard drove demonstration runs on the circuit for the Red Bull team . However , a lot of the work has focused on the pit building in a new block of garages which was already planned to be built . The FIA will need to approve the site before it is given the green light in 2014 . The New Jersey race has already been postponed once , having been initially scheduled for June this year . The wheels started to come off in August 2012 when Tom Cotter , the president of the race , unexpectedly resigned . It was recently revealed that the Grand Prix of America organizers appointed investment bank UBS in June to raise $ 100 million which is required for the race to go ahead . The 2014 Formula 1 calendar features a record 22 races , starting in Australia on 16 March with a finale in Brazil on 30 November . Austria also makes a return to the calendar in June -- a race that has not been given provisional status . The return of Austria means Red Bull , whose F1 team has won the drivers ' and constructors ' titles for the past three years , can look forward to a home race . The race will be held at the Red Bull Ring , which staged the Austrian Grand Prix between 1970 and 1987 in its former guise as the Osterreichring . Pirelli rubber to stay The meeting of the FIA 's World Motor Sport Council in Croatia also confirmed Pirelli will continue as F1 's sole tire supplier in 2014 . The Italian company 's future in the sport was in doubt after a series of blow-outs wreaked havoc at the British Grand Prix and led to fears that the drivers ' safety was being compromised . Earlier in the season , a spate of worryingly delaminations -- where the tire layers separate -- had already led to worries the tires were not safe . But Pirelli have since introduced a new tire structure for the second half of the season and the FIA has agreed the company will continue to showcase its rubber in motorsport 's elite racing series . The FIA said in a statement : "  In order to cover the transition period and considering the contracts already settled by FOM and the teams with Pirelli , the WMSC confirmed that Pirelli may continue to supply tires to competitors in the FIA F1 World Championship , subject to the requisite technical and safety standards of the FIA being met . " The FIA also announced that , along with the company headed by F1 's commercial boss Ecclestone , it had also agreed a "  strong and stable sporting governance framework . " The deal known as the Concorde Agreement effectively splits the sport 's commercial revenues between the governing body , Ecclestone 's group and the teams . The FIA revealed it would have a larger share of the pie , stating : "  This agreement provides the FIA with significantly improved financial means . " F1 generates more than $ 4bn in revenues annually -- and with more races in 2014 that sum could be set to rise .	A new Grand Prix of America is added to the 2014 Formula One calendar The New Jersey race is scheduled for 1 June but given provisional status Races in Mexico and Austria are also added to F1 tour Pirelli are to continue as F1 's sole tire supplier in 2014
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Thousands of Chinese demonstrators crowded the streets of Urumqi in western China on Thursday to protest what they say is a lack of police protection , witnesses said . Chinese soldiers have been recently deployed on the streets of Urumqi in northwest China . Over the past month , more than 400 ethnic majority Han Chinese have been stabbed with tainted syringes by Uyghurs , the Muslim minority , according to local news reports . The stabbings fueled Thursday 's protests by Han Chinese in the capital of China 's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region . Many of those attacked with the hypodermic needles were hospitalized , but there have been no reports of deaths , the reports said . Fifteen suspects have been detained for allegedly carrying out the stabbings , a senior official said Wednesday , according to China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . Of the 15 , four have been formally charged , Xinhua reported . A source told CNN that "  countless " police and soldiers have deployed to Urumqi and so far , the demonstrations have been peaceful . A local woman told CNN that the stabbings were ethnically motivated and that government text messages to citizens have warned that the syringes contained an unknown disease . Ethnic-fueled violence between the Han Chinese and Uyghurs has plagued Urumqi since July , when soldiers and police stormed the streets to quell riots . Unconfirmed reports of deaths in those riots range from 200 to many more . Watch a report on the alleged attacks " An art gallery director in Urumqi told CNN that thousands of people gathered on the streets on Thursday . "  People are protesting here right now . It 's all Han people , " he said , declining to give his name because of safety reasons . "  Since August 3 , the Uyghurs have been stabbing the Hans with needles with an unknown virus . People are all very scared . " A spokeswoman for China 's Foreign Ministry said she did not know about the protests . "  I have not yet received news of this , but the Chinese government is capable of upholding stability and social unity , " Jiang Yu said . A receptionist at a bank in the area also told CNN about the protests . "  I heard that today , even during the protest , some people got stabbed , too . People are angry that the government is not doing much against the Uyghurs ' needle stabbing , " said the woman , who also was afraid to give her name .	Report : Stabbings occurred in China 's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region Ethnic-fueled violence has plagued the regions 's capital , Urumqi Riots occurred between predominantly Muslim Uyghurs and ethnic Han Chinese Witness : Govt . text messages warned syringes contained unknown disease
CNN  -- Interaction , not isolation : CNN talks to Alex Steffen about his vision for a world where the Internet binds our communities together and strengthens the bonds between us all . CNN : Alex , what effect do you think the Internet has had on communities ? Alex Steffen believes the Internet will bind our communities more strongly together Alex Steffen : When the Internet really first started to hit , people felt this would be the death blow : after suburbs and long commutes and television and the death of the family dinner , this would be the last straw that would totally break society . No one would ever have a relationship , a conversation or a functional family relationship ever again . But what we found was the opposite : the Internet is proving to be the antidote to all those sort of things . It 's bringing people back together . It 's actually taking time out of television , especially for younger kids . CNN : What elements have you noticed in particular ? AS : The Internet has made some phenomenal breakthroughs that are still only poorly understood in terms of changing people 's ideas of us and them . If mass media , social isolation in the suburbs , alienating workplaces and long car commutes create a bunker mentality , the Internet does the opposite . CNN : So what you 're saying is , the Internet brings us together ? AS : Yes . It makes people suddenly aware that there are people who are like us in lots of different ways ; and maybe you have connections to people who you normally would n't consider your buddies . They could live in another country but share your love of a particular band ; or live in your community and believe what you believe about a local issue . They could be someone you hit it off with online who maybe comes from a slightly different walk of life and you 'd never bump into them in normal social circumstances . For most people , using the Internet broadens their sense of who "  we " is and actually ends up leaving us in a place of greater compassion and understanding . It leaves us more connected to a larger group of people and more at one with a lot more people in our community . CNN : How has the way that people use the Internet changed ? AS : People -- especially the geeks who created it -- have tended to look at the Internet as something that 's hermetically sealed : there 's the Internet and the rest of the world . But that 's not how people want to use the Internet . They want to use it as a way of better navigating the real world . People use tools like their laptops and their mobile phones as an opportunity to connect with others -- to meet , go out , find a restaurant , order a book from the library , figure out what the weather 's going to be like or participate in some local political issue . People are doing these things with increasing regularity . CNN : It does n't sound like the Internet that a lot of people imagine . AS : It 's something that the people who are most famous as Internet experts of the last generation did n't really anticipate : that most people do n't want to stay in their little cubicles and play Internet games all night . Most people want to get dates , buy presents more easily or meet up with their friends and family -- "  Where can I go to get the business of life done more efficiently and be more like the person I want to be ? " CNN : When did people first use the Internet as a campaigning tool ? AS : The most notable examples , although people did n't comment on them at the time , were the anti-war protests at the beginning of the second Iraq war . All over the world , enormous numbers of people got together to protest the idea of that war . That was done almost entirely with online advocacy . Most of the people putting together those protests were tiny little groups that really did n't have the budget to do it in the normal way -- sending out lots of flyers , having people build phone trees . This time round , it was Web sites , e-mails and text messages , and lots of people talking . CNN : What sort of an impact do you think the Internet had on those protests ? AS : I do n't think those protests could have happened the way they happened before those tools were available . However , it 's an intermediate step , not least because it showed that protests of that sort -- a bunch of people using new technologies to go hold signs together -- are not as effective as they need to be , because essentially the President of the United States of America could say , "  I do n't care . " CNN : So what do you think the next step would be ? AS : We 're still figuring out what the next step is . I think we 're going to start to see a new model of civic advocacy where people get together once in a while to protest , but it 's more about an ongoing , sustained engagement in issues , networks and communities about which people care . We 're already seeing the beginnings of it . There 's this great phrase , "  continuous partial attention , " to describe what people do online . They look at a little thing here , a little thing there , and they keep track of it all . It 's the ultimate multi-tasking in our brains . We 're going to see the Internet facilitate continuous partial attention more and more for local issues , for political issues , for community events , for things happening in your social network . We will find that 's a great deal more attention than people previously paid with these things . While it 's still in the early days , when it really comes to fruition it 's really going to change everything . ... . What do you think of Alex Steffen 's vision ? Will technology help us build a brighter , fairer tomorrow ? Tell us in the forum -- or read others ' thoughts on the future . E-mail to a friend	Steffen says the Internet can bring communities closer together Technology now an essential part of social networking Internet use helps people navigate the ` real ' world Increase in online advocacy and use of the Internet for campaigning
CNN  -- Daryl Impey became the first South African to don the famous yellow jersey as Andre Greipel powered to his first stage win on the year 's Tour de France in Montpellier Thursday . Impey claimed the race lead from Orica-GreenEdge teammate Simon Gerrans by virtue of taking 13th place behind Germany 's Greipel in the frantic dash for the line . The star sprinters finished in a small group -- five seconds ahead of the main bunch -- which included Australia 's Gerrans and all the main favorites for overall victory . Impey now leads the standings by three seconds from Team Sky 's Edvald Boasson Hagen with Gerrans in third place at five seconds . "  It 'll sink in tomorrow but I think it 's going to be amazing to ride in the Tour de France as the leader , " he told the race 's official website . "  I 'm going to be on a high the whole way to the finish and hopefully I 'll feel like I 'm floating , " Impey added . He paid tribute to Gerrans , content to sit in the bunch while Impey played his role of lead out man for the team 's sprinter Matt Goss , who faded to 15th on the stage . "  He was happy enough to let the jersey go and to give me this opportunity to wear this jersey for South Africa and myself . " It was also a triumphant day for Lotto 's Greipel , edged out Slovakian Peter Sagan and fellow German Marcel Kittel after the 176.5 km from Aix-en - Provence with Britain 's Mark Cavendish in fourth place . Cavendish was held up by a crash 34km from the finish and had to chase back on to the fast moving bunch . Bidding for a second straight stage win , he could not come to terms with former teammate Greipel and sat up before the line . Friday 's seventh stage takes the peloton over 205.5 km ride from Montpellier to Albi . The main contenders , such as race favorite Chris Froome of Team Sky , will get their first chance to shine in the race 's first mountain stages in the Pyrenees Saturday and Sunday .	Andre Greipel wins sixth stage of Tour de France in Montpellier Daryl Impey takes over in yellow jersey from teammate Simon Gerrans First South African to achieve the honor Race favorites come through flat sixth stage unscathed
CNN  -- Michiganders looking for work might want to keep their eyes peeled for Superman . Zack Snyder 's upcoming "  Man of Steel " sequel , which will star Brit actor Henry Cavill as Superman and Ben Affleck as Batman , is slated to film in metro Detroit and throughout Michigan , the Michigan Film Office announced Thursday . The Warner Bros. production has earned a $ 35 million incentive for the $ 131 million it 's projected to rack up in in-state expenses . It 's also expected that the upcoming release will hire just over 400 workers , and create the equivalent of 426 full-time jobs .  A bit of good news to follow a dreary summer -- in July , Detroit became America 's largest city to declare bankruptcy . In the eyes of director Snyder , Detroit "  is a great example of a quintessential American city , and I know it will make the perfect backdrop for our movie , " he said in a statement . "  Detroit and the entire state of Michigan have been fantastic collaborators , and we are looking forward to working together on this film . " Snyder also helmed this summer 's "  Man of Steel , " which rebooted the Superman story and reimagined him as a hero who 's capable of making devastating , controversial choices . The sequel , scheduled to premiere in July 2015 , will put Clark Kent and the Caped Crusader on the big screen together for the first time . David S. Goyer , who wrote the first "  Man of Steel " script , is also handling the sequel 's screenplay . In addition to Cavill and Affleck -- much , by the way , to the Internet 's chagrin -- the sequel will also star Amy Adams as Lois Lane , Laurence Fishburne as Perry White and Diane Lane as Martha Kent . Snyder strongly hinted this summer that Batman and Superman will be rivals in this installment . "  It 's beyond mythological to have Superman and our new Batman facing off , since they are the greatest superheroes in the world , " he said . Production is expected to kick off during the first quarter of 2014 .	Warner Bros. "  Man of Steel 2 " is set to film in Michigan Director Zack Snyder believes it 'll make "  the perfect backdrop " for the film The sequel will feature Batman and Superman on the big screen together for the first time
CNN  -- In a few terrible seconds , teen star Justin Bieber made his attorney Roy Black 's job a heck of a lot harder . Bieber , who was arrested in Miami Beach on Thursday for drunken driving , resisting arrest and driving without a valid license , decided it would be a good idea to spill his guts to the Miami Beach Police Department . According to Miami Beach Police Chief Raymond Martinez , during his arrest , Bieber "  made some statements that he had consumed some alcohol , and that he had been smoking marijuana and consumed some prescription medication , " before getting behind the wheel of a yellow Lamborghini . Justin Bieber arrested on drunken driving , resisting arrest charges On the surface , this could look like Bieber was just being an honest guy , admitting to his wrongdoings . But look a little further , and you 'll see a young man who has done the worst possible thing a defendant in any case could do . He opened his mouth . And in doing that , he 's also doing the state 's job for them . Justin Bieber should have just shut up . The great thing about the American justice system is that it is based on an adversarial process that requires the state to actually PROVE your guilt with evidence . Guess whose job it is to gather that evidence ? That 's right , it 's the job of the state -- in this case , the state of Florida . The defendant is entitled to a presumption of innocence . The defendant -- nor his attorney -- does n't have to prove a thing . The defense attorney only needs to raise reasonable doubt to the state 's version of the story . Where Bieber went wrong was voluntarily handing over evidence of his own guilt by admitting to criminal behavior , and therefore assisting in handing the prosecutor a conviction on a silver platter . Police report details Bieber arrest The moment Bieber was placed under arrest , he was read those words that we hear on every procedural cop drama on television : "  You have the right to remain silent . " All Bieber had to do was shut his mouth . Such a simple concept . It makes no sense why more defendants do n't use this precious liberty . Contrary to popular belief , keeping your lips sealed is not an indication of guilt . It 's just plain smart . It gives your defense lawyer a much greater chance of success , because his client is n't participating in his own prosecution . When you are fighting the state and their plentiful resources of investigators , detectives , crime labs and prosecutors , the last thing a defense lawyer needs is his own client working against him . Roy Black is NOT happy with his client right now . Defending a client against an impaired driving charge is no easy task . The public interest in keeping impaired drivers off the road is understandably great . No one wants to see our society in harm 's way because of irresponsible drivers . However , the integrity of our justice system requires that every defendant get an opportunity to have his guilt or innocence determined according to the evidence against him . By making statements against his own interests , Bieber actually helps to undermine the whole process . His lawyer 's job is not to get him "  off . " Black 's task is to hold the state accountable to its burden of providing evidence -- beyond a reasonable doubt -- that Bieber is in fact guilty of the crimes charged against him . By failing to perform the simple task of remaining silent , Bieber has done the exact thing Miranda rights are designed to prevent -- he has incriminated himself . Unlike instances where outside evidence can be refuted by the defense as speculative or circumstantial , self-incrimination is incredibly tough to refute because the defendant himself provided it . Unless you want to attack the credibility of your own client , the defense lawyer is in an awful position . Sure , defense lawyers can try to suppress the statements , but without facts to support coercion , this can also be a tall order . The right to remain silent is a gift from our Constitution  from the Fifth Amendment , to be exact  . So if you are ever in as an unfortunate situation as Bieber found himself in early Thursday morning , listen to the police officer 's instructions , cooperate fully , call your attorney -- and keep your mouth shut . Remember , you have that right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eboni K. Williams	Teen star Justin Bieber was arrested early Thursday morning Defense attorney Eboni K. Williams says he made a mistake when he talked to the police She argues in doing so , he helped the state 's case against him Williams : Justin Bieber should have just shut up
CNN  -- Third seed Maria Sharapova was stunned on her return to action at the Western and Southern Open , losing to American starlet Sloane Stephens . Four-time grand slam champion Sharapova had not played since crashing out in the second round at Wimbledon in June due to a hip injury . Former world No. 1 Sharapova looked on course to make a victorious comeback in Cincinnati when she took the first set 6-2 against her 17th-ranked opponent . But Stephens bounced back , recovering from 2-6 0-2 down to take the match 2-6 7-6  7-5  6-3 and register her second career victory over a top-three ranked player . "  It definitely started out a little rough for me , but I 'm glad I was able to turn it around and start playing some good tennis in the second and third sets , " 20-year-old Stephens told the WTA 's official website . "  At the start of the second set I was just going to start going for my shots a little more and hoped they would just go in . I 'm glad I started hitting and finding a rhythm . That kind of helped me out for the rest of the match . "  Obviously when you 're playing someone who 's No. 3 in the world , you know they 're No. 3 for a reason and they 're going to be tough . You 've got to go out and play your hardest . But when you think about it , you 're like , ` Okay , I 'm playing Sharapova . ' Like , you 've got to get your mind right . " The match was Sharapova 's first since hiring U.S. legend Jimmy Connors as her coach and , while quick to credit Stephens , she was disappointed she was unable to continue the form she showed in the match 's opening set . "  I did n't continue what I was doing well for the first set and a half , and that hurt me , " explained the 26-year-old . "  I stopped being patient . I started making a lot more errors , especially off the first ball . Just errors I should n't make . "  Obviously I have n't played in a long time , but I 've got to be ready from the first match . So it 's disappointing , but that 's how it goes in this game . " Second seed Victoria Azarenka had no such problems , beating American Vania King 6-1 7-6  8-6  . Belarus ' Azarenka missed last week 's event in Toronto with a back injury , but showed she was in good shape by recovering from 0-3 in the second set to take the match in one hour and 41 minutes . Azarenka and Sharpova both entered the tournament at the second round stage . "  I think the beginning of the second set was n't very good for me , " Azarenka said after advancing into the third round . "  There were quite a few unforced errors and just really fast mistakes that did n't happen in the first set . It went kind of quickly , but I was glad that I could turn it around there and come back even stronger . "  Then there was competitiveness . She was already in the game and playing at a much higher level than before , and going for her shots . So I had to stay with her and just take my opportunities , and I did . "  There was a little bit of inconsistency today , but first matches can be tricky . I just want to think about what I need to improve for my next match . That 's the most important thing for me going forward . " Wimbledon finalist Sabine Lisicki crashed out after losing her first-round match against former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic . Meanwhile 17-time grand slam champion Roger Federer began his defense of the men 's title with a battling 6-3 7-6  9-7  win over Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber . The fifth seed , playing for the first time since losing to Kohlschreiber 's compatriot Daniel Brands at a clay-court event in Gstaad , Switzerland , is bidding for a record sixth win at the Ohio event . "  I think it was a match where I had to sort of just fight to come through , " the 32-year-old told the ATP Tour 's official website . "  I was playing really well at times , and then sometimes it was maybe a bit up and down . "  But assessing the performance overall , I 'm very happy . It 's good to be back and playing pain free . My mind 's good . I was in a good place while I was playing , so it felt nice to win at the end . " Third seed David Ferrer is also into the third round thanks to a hard-fought 7-6  7-5  3-6 6-4 win over U.S. wildcard Ryan Harrison .	Maria Sharapova loses to Sloane Stephens on her return from a hip injury Sharapova had not played since crashing out in the second round at Wimbledon Stephens beats a player ranked inside the top three for the second time in her career Roger Federer and David Ferrer advance to the third round in Cincinnati
CNN  Closed for over a decade , a trail that 's been described as "  the world 's most dangerous path " will no longer be off limits to the public thanks to a massive reconstruction project . Due to reopen March 26 , Spain 's stunning Caminito del Rey features a cliff face boardwalk that hangs 100 meters above the Guadalhorce River . The trail , which begins in the village of El Chorro in southern Malaga province , has been around since the early 1900s , originally built to provide access to two waterfalls for hydroelectric workers . Over the years , the boardwalk deteriorated and , following a string of fatal accidents in 1999 and 2000 , the government demolished the access points to the walkway . The reopening , which comes over a year since reconstruction efforts kicked off , coincides with Spain 's annual Holy Week celebrations . According to the Spanish daily El Pais , the provincial government allocated 5.5 million euros  $ 5.8 million  to the project . The entire route is 7.7 kilometers long , with boardwalks covering 2.9 kilometers of the trail . The most famous section includes the Balconcillo de los Gaitanes bridge , which spans the Gaitanes Gorge . Tourism officials say it takes between four and five hours to walk the entire route , which includes some steep slopes . Entry will be free for the first six months after the attraction reopens on March 26 . Visiting hours are 10 a.m.-5 p.m. from April 1 to October 31 , and 10 a.m.-2 p.m. from November 1 to March 31 . Those who want to visit need to book a spot on the official website , Caminitodelrey.info .	Spain 's ' "  most dangerous path " due to reopen this month after extensive reconstruction efforts Originally built in the 1900s , the trail 's boardwalks deteriorated over time , forcing the local government to close it
OFF THE BAHAMAS  CNN  -- As the lights come up , Third Day lead singer Mac Powell is a little stumped . He 's asked the packed house for requests , but the band ca n't do the two of the most popular suggestions . Third Day has earned praise from mainstream publications but is still pigeonholed as "  Christian rock . " The first is a song by another popular Christian music group , and the band has never performed it live . The other suggestion is "  Born Again , " a ballad on their latest album . They have never played it live , either , and have not practiced it as a group in a long time . The album version also includes vocals by Flyleaf 's Lacey Mosley , and she 's not here . After a people shout out a few more suggestions , Powell looks at the band and changes plans . It 's karaoke time . One by one , they bring up fans to sing some of the oldies but goodies . The fans love it , even though the vocals are , well , not concert-worthy . It 's moments like this that make Third Day one of the most popular contemporary Christian music bands and the headliner for the 3,000 fans on this Christian-music-themed voyage , the K-Love Friends and Family Cruise . "  It 's always fun for the audience and for us , " drummer David Carr said . "  Every now and then , we are really surprised by what we hear . Both pleasantly -- and not . " The members of Third Day , which has won three Grammy Awards and an American Music Award , are having as much fun on the ship as any of the fans , who are getting a chance to vacation side-by-side with the rockers and 12 other bands . They have brought their families along and -- aside from playing two one-hour gigs -- have been able to be music fans , too . It 's a needed break between tours -- the next one begins March 5 -- but the band is intrigued by the fact that at both shows on the cruise , fans have demanded "  Born Again , " which is scheduled to be the next single from their 10th studio album , "  Revelation . " "  That 's going to go into our set list now , " bassist Tai Anderson said . The band is also enjoying an increase in fame . In June , they became the first Christian band to make the cover of Billboard magazine . " ` Revelation ' should appeal to Third Day 's core Christian music audience while expanding its fan base in the mainstream rock arena , " the magazine said . The crossover success has n't materialized , but that has n't disappointed the Atlanta , Georgia-based band . They plan to continue to focus on Christian-music fans even while their new management company looks at other opportunities . "  Getting to lead people in a worship or just even entertaining them is always a reward , " Carr said . "  I hope that Third Day continues to explore new territories as a band and still keep our core sense of who we are . " They say they were more focused on giving their fans an album with the Southern rock sound that has made the band famous in Christian music while trying to be a little more creative . For "  Revelation , " Third Day worked with mainstream producer Howard Benson  Daughtry , Hoobastank  in Los Angeles , California , rather than a studio in Atlanta . Anderson says the band pushed itself harder than ever , and even when the record company wanted a finished product , the group pushed back and continued to work and write songs , including the title track . The result , the band believes , is a collection of songs that is lyrically among their best tunes and musically more than what fans were expecting . Carr acknowledges that it sounds clichéd for a band member to tout their latest work as their best . Still , he says , this album is as good as any Third Day has produced . "  Having been a band as long as we have -LSB- since 1991 -RSB- and having put out as many albums as we have , it seemed really apparent that this album had to be great , " he said . "  If you take time out of the equation and just stacked all of our albums together and set them out there and really compared them , I really feel like this is the best one . " It 's also important to give a great concert , the band members say . In this economy , Anderson says , it 's extremely important to make fans feel like they are n't seeing or hearing the same old thing . "  No one 's gon na feel sorry for musicians , but we have to plan budgets . We 're very aware of the production , " Anderson said . "  We 're trying to make sure we give people a good value . " On the K-Love cruise , an annual event that has grown exponentially in popularity , the band gave fans a chance to see their new music DVD , a 75-minute production stuffed with concert footage and backstage scenes . There was a little hitch : It was n't the final edit . The band thought it had the most recent version but brought along an earlier copy and had to reburn it to get it to play on the ship 's video board . Still , the Lido Deck was packed with fans eager to get a closer look at the life of the band . Third Day also added scenes with their families to the DVD . "  Since our fans are so cool and respectful , we 'll give them that , " Anderson said . Anderson says the band is "  antsy " to produce new music but wants to be careful about what songs they include in their 75-minute concerts . He thinks it 's important to listen to the audience suggestions during the request periods and what the karaoke singers want to sing , as well as talking to cruisers about what tunes inspire them . He knows there are still unreleased singles from "  Revelation " that fans coming to the arena shows are expecting to hear , and it 's now obvious that "  Born Again " is one of them . There are other ballads he expects to click with radio audiences . "  I think we have a lot of life left in this record , " he said . "  We came out -LSB- with singles that were -RSB- rocking . It 's when there start to be ` heart moments ' that Christian records really take off . "	Third Day is first Christian rock band to make cover of Billboard The musicians are determined to give fans "  a good value " New tour for Grammy-winning band begins March 5
CNN  From banking to hospitality and real estate to e-commerce , Ashish Thakkar built his vast business empire from scratch . The Ugandan tycoon started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15 . These days , his Mara Group spans over 20 countries and he 's been called "  Africa 's youngest billionaire . " In late 2013 Thakkar joined forces with the former boss of Barclays bank -- Bob Diamond -- to start an investment fund focused on Africa called Atlas Mara . The powerful duo raised $ 325 million through a share flotation - well above the $ 250 million target . But his vision spans beyond Africa , and Earth -- Thakkar was the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with Richard Branson 's company , Virgin Galactic . CNN 's Marketplace Africa spoke to Thakkar about African innovation , entrepreneurship and collaboration . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : You are active in several African countries . How is the current business landscape on the continent ? Ashish Thakkar : Right now in the last 18 years I have been active on the continent , I have never seen so much global excitement around Africa that I 've seen today . The climate and the ease of doing business on the continent has drastically improved . Unfortunately , it 's one of those cases where perception is so different from reality . The reality on the ground is so much better than the perception . You 've got to remember , as Africa , we are 54 countries . Some of the countries may be challenging and may have issues , but that can not be an excuse to generalize the entire continent which is unfortunately something that happens quite a bit . CNN : Why do you think that entrepreneurs are so important to the future growth of the African continent ? AT : We have a very young demographic -- 85 % of our populations are under the age of 35 . We have an extremely entrepreneurial society and culture . Yet , entrepreneurship is not in the education system . Where do our entrepreneurs go for advice and the right guidance ? And it 's something , frankly , that I am extremely passionate about , because the answer to unemployment is not foreign direct investment or large scale manufacturing plants , etc. . It 's going to be nurturing small and medium enterprises . So , it 's great to see that there is a real entrepreneurial vibe coming into the system , and innovation is totally embedded into that . CNN : What is it about Africa that encourages innovation ? AT : The biggest advantage we have at the moment , and you 've seen this with mobile phone penetration , is that we do n't have legacy systems . We did n't have landlines and we did n't need them . We did n't have to go through that hassle of creating landlines everywhere . We leapfrogged straight into mobile telephony . Today , we have over 750 million phones on the continent -- more than North America and Western Europe put together . We can actually leapfrog in so many different ways . Mobile money is another brilliant example . Mobile money was created in Kenya . The whole concept of having money on your phone , which is the best thing because it 's secure , it 's practical , made more sense . So , these kind of innovations , you 're going to see a lot more of on the continent . I spend a lot of time with young entrepreneurs when I travel across the continent , and just seeing the kind of innovation and new ideas and concepts that they 're coming up with is just so inspiring . CNN : What advice would you give to a young entrepreneur who 's just starting out ? AT : Entrepreneurship is a journey , it 's not a destination . There are going to be so many challenges , you are going to get knocked down so many times , but you 've got to get up , dust yourself off and get back to it . The persistence , the passion , and staying on course is very crucial . You 'll be tempted to cut corners , you 'll be tempted to do things that get you there quicker , but it never lasts . People say the youth are the leaders of tomorrow - we 're not . We 're the leaders of today , but it 's our responsibility to take the seat at the table . CNN : What needs to be done most urgently to grow African economies ? AT : Pan-African collaboration is extremely important . I think things like regional integration , inter-African trade does need to increase and is increasing . I mean , the progress in the East African community has been amazing . The manner in which they 've harmonized so many different laws and policies and mindset and priorities within that region has been fantastic . So , we need to see more of that take place on the continent . The fact that we 're 54 countries , yet we 're a billion people is an advantage and a disadvantage . I think to strengthen our weakness in that collaboration across the continent is crucial . CNN : Are you confident about the future of the continent ? AT : I am so bullish and so proud of how the continent has evolved in terms of leadership , the mindset of our leaders . It is so inspiring to see that . It 's unfortunate that , you know , globally the highlight remains things like Ebola ... The little issues that we do have are just magnified , yet on the broad scale we are doing so amazing . CNN : Is this Africa 's century ? AT : Mara 's logo is the African Lion and our little joke , which a lot of people do n't appreciate , hence I love it even more , is that the Indian Tiger and the Chinese Dragon have had their days and it 's now the African Lion 's turn . And it genuinely is -- this is our turn . More from Marketplace Africa Read this : Africa 's green lean speed machines Read this : Family ties mixed with fresh fruit on island paradise Editor 's Note : CNN Marketplace Africa covers the macro trends impacting the region and also focuses on the continent 's key industries and corporations	Ugandan Ashish Thakkar built a vast business empire The entrepreneur says the answer to unemployment lies in nurturing small businesses Africa 's lack of legacy systems has sped up innovation on the continent
CNN  -- As the kids trooped back into the suburban Atlanta elementary school that was stormed by a gunman earlier this week , everyone was talking about Antoinette Tuff . The bookkeeper , an eight-year veteran of the DeKalb County school district , talked suspect Michael Brandon Hill into surrendering after a brief standoff with police Tuesday afternoon . Faced with an armed 20-year-old who told her he was off his medication for a mental disorder , Tuff shared stories of heartbreak from her own life to help calm him down -- a recent divorce , a son with multiple disabilities . Tuff was off Thursday as the students returned to Ronald E. McNair Discovery Learning Academy . But Principal Brian Bolden said he credited Tuff 's quick thinking for avoiding what could have been a major tragedy . "  Her name , Antoinette Tuff , says everything about her , " Bolden said . "  Tough . She has always been that way from the first time I met her . " Online , a Facebook page calls for Tuff to be awarded the Medal of Freedom , the nation 's highest civilian honor , while praise overflowed on Twitter . "  Antoinette Tuff used kindness and love in the face of terror , saved lives and showed true courage . Bravo Ms. Tuff , " Kathy Groob wrote from Covington , Kentucky , in a typical reaction on Twitter . And in New York , Francis Lam added , "  Everyone : learn negotiation from her . " Chris Voss , a former FBI hostage negotiator , said Tuff 's performance was "  amazing . " "  She did n't do anything where she acted like a victim , " Voss told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  She did n't say , ` Please , do n't hurt anybody . ' She was very direct ... she actually calmed the dispatcher down . " Her tone of voice and matter-of-fact manner with Hill "  did not encourage predatory behavior , " Voss said . Georgia school shooting suspect was arrested in March The recording of Tuff 's 911 call relays how calm she was . "  It 's going to be all right , sweetie , " she tells Hill at one point in the call . "  I just want you to know I love you , though , OK ? And I 'm proud of you . That 's a good thing that you 're just giving up and do n't worry about it . We all go through something in life . No , you do n't want that . You going to be OK . "  I thought the same thing , you know , I tried to commit suicide last year after my husband left me . But look at me now . I 'm still working and everything is OK . " Tuff , 46 , and her husband separated in 2012 after 26 years of marriage , and their divorce became final in June , according to court records . Their son is 22 . A neighbor , Charlie Smith , said Tuff is friendly , but reserved . Their conversations have typically been limited to waves and pleasantries , she said . "  Everybody 's doing their own thing , going to their own jobs , and when you come home you 've got a lot to do , " said Smith , who learned of her neighbor 's role in the McNair standoff on television . "  She handled it really well , " Smith said . Another nearby resident , Lula Rivers , said Tuff "  sacrificed herself " for the children in her care , putting herself at mortal risk if things had gone differently . "  I am a retired teacher . We have a lot of teachers , principals and nurses in this neighborhood , " Rivers said . "  I 'm sure she did what comes natural for a parent and someone coming out of this neighborhood . This is a nice , quiet neighborhood , and we cherish our children . " Tuff has worked for the DeKalb County school system for eight years , three of them at McNair , schools spokesman Quinn Hudson said . Tuff is one of three staffers at McNair who are specifically trained for dangerous situations like Tuesday 's , he said . But DeKalb County Police Chief Cedric Alexander told CNN , "  You just do n't see that type of interaction in these types of situations very , very often at all . " "  There are some things in life you can rehearse for , " Alexander said . "  But this is a woman who just kept her calm , kept her wits about herself , maintained her composure in this very dangerous situation . " CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	"  We cherish our children , " a neighbor says School bookkeeper Antoinette Tuff talked down school gunman Tuff had been trained for the threat of a school intruder , district says Her name "  says everything about her , " principal says
CNN  -- It seems that travelers ca n't catch a break this winter . This time it 'll be the Northeast that takes another hit from the barrage of winter storms that has pounded U.S. airline itineraries this season . By 9 p.m. Wednesday , more than 4,000 Thursday flights had been canceled , according to FlightAware.com , as the storm system wreaking havoc in the Southeast advanced up the East Coast . On Wednesday , the world 's busiest airport , in Atlanta , accounted for the largest share of the day 's flight cancellations , with more than 1,600 of the 3,300-plus cancellations across the country . About 27,000 flights were scheduled nationwide Wednesday , according to FlightAware . Charlotte Douglas International Airport in North Carolina was the second most-affected airport on Wednesday , with nearly 860 cancellations . Mounting cancellations of Thursday flights are more evenly distributed , with hundreds in Atlanta , Philadelphia , Washington and New York area airports . Travelers seem to have heeded warnings to stay off roads in the South for most of Wednesday , but at least one international traveler really needed to get to the airport to take off . Austrian businessman Roland Dimai 's wedding to Vlada Golovina is scheduled for this weekend in his hometown . But he almost did n't make it after traveling to Atlanta for a conference last week . After a rebooking and a cancellation , United Airlines put Dimai on one of the few Delta Air Lines flights leaving Atlanta on Wednesday , which arrived in sunny and clear Detroit in the afternoon . Now he can make his connecting flight to Frankfurt and get to the wedding on time . "  I finally think I 've found the right woman and I thought it 's possible the wedding will not happen , " said Dimai , laughing as he called CNN just after landing in Detroit . "  I 've been scared and sad and slightly hopeful to get it done . " 8 tips to ease winter travel woes Dimai was one of the lucky ones . Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines canceled about 1,700 of its Wednesday flights systemwide , and had already canceled about 1,200 Delta and Delta Connection flights set for Thursday . "  We anticipate a moderate resumption of arrivals beginning mid-morning  Thursday  followed by a set of departures in the 2:00 hour ET , " Delta spokesman Morgan Durrant said in a statement . "  Our plan is to then gradually ramp up Atlanta operations to our usual levels through the day Thursday and into Friday . " Southwest , which also operates AirTran Airways , said both airlines have suspended operations in Atlanta through 11 a.m. Thursday . Airlines do n't like ice . Delta and Southwest Airlines did n't wait for Wednesday 's ice storm to move many of their aircraft out of Atlanta . They flew airplanes to other airports to keep them out of the path of the storm . Winter storms do most of their damage to air travel on the ground , requiring that aircraft be de-iced while runways and taxiways are cleared and treated , all while passengers , luggage and cargo get loaded into an airplane . "  Everything slows to a crawl as personnel and ground equipment get bogged down in the slush , " wrote commercial pilot Patrick Smith , who blogs about flight at Askthepilot.com , in his latest book . "  Planes , meanwhile , can not take off with ice or snow adhering to the wings , and need to sprayed down , " wrote Smith . It 's not the weight of the ice "  but the way it disrupts airflow over and around a wing 's carefully sculpted contours . "  This can take a half hour or more per plane , and to preclude further buildup it needs to be done as close to departure as possible . And with fluid costing upwards of $ 5 per gallon , airlines dread snowstorms almost as much as strikes , wars and recessions . When you add in handling and storage costs , spraying a single jet can cost tens of thousands of dollars . " It 's going to get worse before it gets better across the East . The Atlanta and Charlotte airports expect frozen precipitation to continue through Thursday morning , according to FlightAware . At least most air travelers heading through Atlanta got the message about cancellations and delays before heading to the airport . About 175 passengers spent Tuesday night at the airport , said airport spokesman Reese McCranie . "  Those numbers are far less than the storm we had two weeks ago . " The stranded passengers were outnumbered by the 280 airport employees who worked overnight . Once the storm lets up , it could take days before the airlines can get all crew and aircraft back into position . Airline customers should check their flight status with airlines before departing for the airport . Many airlines are offering flexible , no-fee changes to travel dates .	NEW : Site : More than 4,000 flights originating in , flying to U.S. canceled for Thursday This is in addition to about 3,400 flight cancellations across the U.S. on Wednesday Airports in the Northeast are expecting to get hit next Austrian businessman catches connecting flight to make it home for his wedding
CNN  -- It 's the end of the world as we know it . And yet the world feels fine . Friday was supposed to be the day life on Earth ceased to exist . The predicted apocalypse -- which spawned a disaster movie "  2012 , " a TV show tracking "  Doomsday Preppers " taking extraordinary measures for the end-of-a-lifetime event and numerous jokes on social media and elsewhere -- stemmed from the end of an important phase of the ancient Mayan calendar . Founded around 2000 B.C. and still active , though its numbers and influence have waned significantly over the past several hundred years , the Mayan civilization measures time in cycles called "  baktuns " of 394 years each . The winter solstice that occurred Friday marks the end of the 13th baktun . 2040 looks good , too : Asteroid is going to miss us "  It will happen ! " a CNN.com commenter using the handle Robert Lawless predicted cheekily . "  All credible Mayan historians will agree , the Mayans predicted the World would end the same year Twinkies went extinct ! HOW DID THEY KNOW ???? " Some took the possibility of the day of reckoning much more seriously . Ryan Croft in Asheville , North Carolina , for instance , said he was teaching his family how to subsist on alternative sources of nourishment like algae , roasted mice and earthworms , as well as making a one-of-a-kind assault rifle -- a hybrid between an AR-15 and AK-47 -- to deal with signs of doom lurking around the corner . "  I taught about economic collapse and how it actually looks on the ground , " Croft told CNN affiliate WHNS , noting he was n't expecting the world 's total obliteration but rather a more gradual slide into chaos . "  People want to act like it ca n't happen or does n't happen , and it happens around the world . There are places on fire right now . " But not even modern-day Mayans bought into the coming apocalypse . They view the calendar as portending the end of one era and heralding the start of a new one , not the death of all the world 's species . "  It 's an era . We are lucky to see how it ends , " said wood carver Santos Esteban in Yaxuna , Mexico , a sleepy village of fewer than 700 Mayans . End of the world still makes for fun movies True to Esteban 's less-than-dire prediction , Friday came and went in countless locales around the world -- from Sydney to Stockholm , from Kathmandu to Capetown -- without any epic calamity . That 's not to say Judgment Day is n't coming , and possibly soon . Some who study the Mayan calendar say the date for the end of the period is not Friday , but Sunday . And numerous groups , through the years and all around the world , have prophesied the end of the world on specific days . They 've all been wrong -- so far . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Nick Parker and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Pointing to the Mayan calendar , some said life would end on the winter solstice Yet Friday came and went for billions worldwide , without any epic calamity Some Mayans say the day marks the end of one era and the start of a new one
CNN  Who does n't like a new look ? New Year , new you , amiright ? An updated ` do can "  hair-ald " a new phase in your life , signifying a fresh start . And maybe that 's what the reclusive leader of North Korea was going for when he modified his almost boyish over-the-top-flop to a higher , angular , more severe cut . The look first debuted at his New Year 's address in January . After all , Kim Jong Un -- following in the footsteps of his father , Kim Jong Il , dear leader and eternal chief of the Workers ' Party of Korea -- is cracking down . A resolution he read at the meeting of the party 's Central Committee on Wednesday reminded party organizations that they must "  wage an all-party intensive campaign against abuse of power , bureaucratism , irregularities and corruption , " according to the state-run Korean Central News Agency . Kim 's new image got attention on social media , with some asking -- tongue in cheek -- if the new hairstyle was a nod to his father and grandfather . "  Kim Jong Un has an amazing new haircut . We have many , many questions , " Amanda Taub wrote on Vox.com . Others jumped in to share their feelings on the fade . "  The Joey Essex haircut goes drastically wrong as it reaches North Korea , " tweeted Adam Taylor . Some commented on the new shape of the style . "  Kim Jong Un shows off new trapezoidal hair style , tiny eyebrows , " said Allen & Kelley Co. . The resolution read by Kim at the meeting also called on party organizations to "  conduct the organizational and political work in a fresh and viable manner so that the officials , party members and working people may turn out as one with the revolutionary faith , fighting spirit and revolutionary pluck to devotedly carry out the teachings of Kim Jong Il and the party 's policies under any condition . " Speaking of "  pluck " -- Kim 's eyebrows also apparently had a brush with the scissors , or tweezers . Recent photos show a much-abbreviated set atop a face that looks a little larger . Maybe the smaller eyebrows make it seem that way . But surely the 30-something leader of one of the most closed-off countries in the world has more important things to do than to worry himself with such superficial matters . Like coming up with some more patriotic slogans to mark the 70th anniversary of the isolated regime 's founding this year . Some of the more colorful so far : "  Let us turn ours into a country of mushrooms ! "  presumably not a reference to Kim 's old hairstyle  or "  More stylish school uniforms ... for our dear children ! " It 's not clear if the dear children will be urged to emulate their dear leader 's new ` do . CNN 's Brianna Keilar and Paul Armstrong contributed to this report	Kim Jong Un takes a tough stance at a meeting of the Workers Party of Korea He also sports a more severe haircut that first debuted in January Some take to social media to speculate about what the new look means
CNN  The unspeakable terror that began with the Charlie Hebdo massacre in France again invaded the lives of ordinary citizens on Friday with separate violent standoffs that thrust a jittery nation into a new crisis . The twin episodes -- one outside the French capital involving the suspects who shot and killed 12 people Wednesday at the offices of the satirical magazine , the other at a kosher grocery store -- ended simultaneously with staccato bursts of gunfire and blasts of what appeared to be stun grenades by small armies of law enforcement officers . "  France is living through a trial , when we see the worst massacre of this kind in the last 50 years , " President Francois Hollande said in and address to the nation Friday . One of the most terrifying weeks in modern French history culminated with the shooting deaths of the suspects in the Charlie Hebdo slaughter -- brothers Cherif and Said Kouachi -- and scenes of still-stunned hostages being led to freedom by heavily-armed security forces from the kosher supermarket , after the man who police say took hostages there was killed . "  It 's like a war , " a man who identified himself only as Teddy said as the episodes unfolded . "  I do n't know how I will explain this to my 5-year-old son . " This father lives across the street from a school in the village of Dammartin-en-Goele , where security forces launched an assault on a graphics/printing business where the Kouachi brothers had holed themselves up . Country riveted by hostage drama For hours Friday , there was no teaching in the classrooms in the small town northeast of Paris . Dozens of schools were on lockdown . Teachers and their pupils hid in fear . Mothers approached officers seeking assurances that their children were safe . Some students were later allowed to leave . Police officers accompanied them , holding their hands as they guided the children away . The littlest ones were lifted onto an awaiting bus that would deliver them to the safety of nearby sports facilities . The two suspects told police by phone that they wanted to die as martyrs , Yves Albarello , a member of Parliament , said on French channel iTele . Shortly before 5 p.m. , helicopters swooped down on the building where the Kouachi brothers holed themselves up . Explosions and gunfire echoed through the industrial area . Smoke rose from the building . At the grocery store in Paris , four people were killed when police stormed the business near Porte de Vincennes , Hollande said . Earlier , a salesman , who identified himself only as Didier , told France Info radio that he had shaken hands with one of the gunmen about 8:30 a.m. Friday as they arrived at the printing business . Didier at first thought the man , who was dressed in black and heavily armed , was a police officer , he told the public radio station . As he left , the armed man told Didier , "  Go , we do n't kill civilians . " "  It was n't normal , " Didier said of his encounter . "  I did not know what was going on . " Relief , but hunt continues for another suspect Fear of the unknown has gripped France . The dread Friday reached an eastern Paris kosher grocery store where a man suspected of a killing a police officer a day earlier took a number of hostages , including children . The hostage-taking suspect , Amedy Coulibaly , was a close associate of Cherif Kouachi , a Western intelligence source told CNN . Coulibaly demanded freedom for the Kouachi brothers . About the time security forces killed the Kouachi brothers , other officers , guns blazing , moved in on the kosher market . Police shouted "  get down ! " and "  we 've got him , " according to video from CNN affiliate BFMTV . Some hostages were killed , according to French radio reports . A man who presumably was a hostage got out with an infant , as did others . Among those who may have escaped the building was a female accomplice of the grocery store hostage-taker and suspect in Thursday 's fatal police shooting . On Friday night , the words "  Paris est Charlie , " French for "  Paris is Charlie " were triumphantly projected on the iconic Arc de Triomphe . A new manhunt was launched , meanwhile , for the only surviving suspect from the two hostage situations , police union spokesman Pascal Disant said . That suspect , Hayat Boumeddiene , 26 , was allegedly an accomplice of Coulibaly in the standoff at the kosher market . In a televised address to the nation later , Hollande warned : "  France is not done with threats that are targeting  the country  . "	Week of terror ends with Charlie Hebdo attackers killed Separate violent standoffs thrust jittery nation into a new crisis President Francois Hollande : "  France is not done with threats "
CNN  -- The Seattle artist Moxie makes sculptures out of felted wool that are , like her , desperately playful and mad . "  I like to make wool do impossible things , to turn it from something soft to something hard , " says the artist whose blog is called "  We are All Angry . " Moxie 's latest creations were on exhibit at Gallery Hanahou in Manhattan in March . "  Icons & Totems & Pieces of the Past " included everyday objects , from a brick-sized white aspirin to a matchbook with only a single , middle-finger match . At the heart of her life and art is a childlike sincerity . The 40-year-old former director of an aftercare program sees people as full of troubled stories but essentially worth connecting to . Moxie is part of the "  indie craft " generation whose slow , repetitive work is an antidote to and comment on today 's fast-paced world . Their work is featured in magazines like "  Make " and "  Craft " and the documentary "  Handmade Nation . " She also has a shop on Etsy . Even before her creative career took off , Moxie simplified her life and identity by changing her name to her nickname . She tried many crafts before stumbling , through a children 's workshop , on feltmaking . Like a crayon , felt is a colorful , harmless material reminiscent of childhood . Turning airy tresses of bright wool into a flat sheet of felt came easy to her and evoked her sense of play . "  What would happen if I ... ? " she asked herself , then started poking "  a bajillion times . " Finally the wool formed into a solid , sculptured mass of fiber . "  Each poke , you are deciding what the piece will be and mean , " she said . "  There is a lot of possibility in the slowness and simplicity of the tool . " She chatted with CNN.com . Following is an edited transcript . CNN : How does your personal story , growing up as a "  Jewish marshmallow in northern California , " influence your art ? Moxie : Talk about a clash of wealth and status . Back when Marin County  outside San Francisco  had a poor section , I grew up in tiny crap houses next to the wealthiest people in California . I come from a working-class family with complicated family dynamics . In the last five years I lost both my parents , which is not exactly a tsunami tragedy , but it 's powerful stuff when you 've had a complicated relationship . I did an embroidery piece from the perspective of being behind a crowded street with a lot of people . That was about my parents . That was about loss . You never stop missing your parents . You never stop knowing life is different when they are gone . But life is so enriched with that knowledge , too . Their deaths really focused me as a working person to ask why we are here on this planet . I do n't think it 's to say yes to people who want us to do the wrong things . We all have a complicated back story and I 'm sure it 's there in my work . CNN : Your "  Hunger " series  priced $ 80 to $ 400 each  featured doll parts being gobbled up by felted aliens . What was that about ? Moxie : There is a whimsy and desperate nature and a shameful feeling to some of those creatures . It is just about my feelings about humanity -- embracing it and also being repelled .  When  every question I could answer poses for me more questions . That 's when I know my piece is working . CNN : How did working with children influence you ? Moxie : I was teaching an after-school program for 65 kids and hiring artists to come in once a week to teach them . I learned along with them when I hired Nikola Davidson , a  flat  needle felter . ... I was like someone playing with a new toy , getting some satisfaction from the look , feel and whimsy of it . I started wondering what would happen if I made up stories for myself and made 3-D finger puppets to tell my story . No one else had done anything like that with felt . If someone gave me clay at the same time , would it have been the same transformational effect ? I do n't know . It 's hard to say what your own outliers are . CNN : What 's your technique ? Moxie : Wool , like every animal hair , has scales up and down each fiber . My industrial felting needle has notches on it . When I poke it into the wool , the needle opens and shuts the scales so they lock like Velcro . Basically the wool is my clay and the needle is my fingertips . I poke it where I want it to indent . I add more wool where I want to build shape . CNN : Is that connecting of fibers a metaphor for the connection you want your art to make ? Moxie : I believe in the high five . Everyone has a context , a history that no one can know like you know your own . I look for the opportunity every day to celebrate , in a spontaneous and deliberate way , to laugh with someone in a grocery line about something funny that happens or to give someone change for a dollar . I 'll offer to high five you . I 'm not a special ed kid or anything . I just believe in the potential of people . My day will only be what I make it , and I look for ways to feel human every day . One way is to connect to you . I encourage everyone to try it . CNN : How does doubt and fear influence you ? Moxie : More than anything else , I 've mastered the ability to ignore the voice in my head that tells me I do n't know how to do anything . Some people call it the lizard brain , and it never goes away . I 've learned to just do it anyway -- not that I 'm not afraid . CNN : Do you listen to or watch anything while felting ? Moxie : I ca n't watch films that are important to me , like any cinematography . I do n't watch TV . I listen to podcasts like "  You Look Nice Today : A Journal of Emotional Hygiene , " "  Stitching n Junk , " and "  WireTap . " A relatively new one , "  Back to Work , " is about productivity and creative process . It 's about how to stop getting distracted by people teaching you not to be distracted , and putting your butt in the chair . I also love "  WTF , " because I 'm an old-school stand-up comedy nerd and Marc Maron , the host , is really smart and complicatedly broken . He interviews his colleagues and sometimes talks about how broken they are . That is white hot , really good . Moxie published an instructional book , "  I Felt Awesome "  North Light Books  in 2010 .	Seattle artist Moxie creates creatures and objects from bright wool felt She learned how to felt when she hired an artist while running an afters-school program Her "  Hunger " series features doll parts being gobbled up by felted aliens She says there 's a "  whimsy , desperate nature and shameful feeling " to some creatures
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Hollywood publicist Ronni Chasen was murdered as she was driving through Beverly Hills , California , in a random "  robbery gone bad , " by a man who killed himself last week , according to preliminary findings in the Beverly Hills police investigation . Speculation that Chasen was targeted by a professional hit was shot down Wednesday by investigators who said much of what has been reported by the media since her killing three weeks was untrue . Harold Martin Smith , 43 , was apparently riding his bicycle when he shot Chasen several times as she was on her way home from a Hollywood movie premiere party , police said . Smith later committed suicide with the same gun that was used in the Chasen killing , Beverly Hills Police Chief David Snowden said Wednesday . Smith shot himself in the head last week as police approached him for questioning as "  a person of interest " while he was at his Hollywood apartment building . A preliminary ballistics test showed that Smith 's gun was used in the slaying of Chasen , 64 , said Beverly Hills Detective Sgt. Mike Publicker . "  With Mr. Smith 's background , we believe most likely it was a robbery gone bad , " Publicker said . "  We believe it was a random act . " Publicker said it appeared no connection existed between Chasen and Smith prior to slaying . "  The detectives were able to do numerous interviews and through the information obtained in the interviews , it appears that he did act alone , " Publicker said . "  We believe his mode of transportation was by bicycle . " Authorities said the investigation , which is 60 % to 70 % complete , remains ongoing . "  There are additional interviews to be conducted , but this is our belief at this time , " Publicker said . "  Carjackings are not unusual in Los Angeles , but "  in our city it 's more than exceedingly rare , " said Chief Snowden of Beverly Hills . "  It 's non-existent . " "  We do n't believe it was a professional hit , and this is an open and ongoing investigation , " Snowden said . Smith , an ex-convict , pulled a handgun and shot himself as Beverly Hills detectives approached him at Hollywood 's Harvey Apartments last Wednesday . The television show "  America 's Most Wanted " put police in touch with a tipster who will likely received a $ 125,000 reward , Publicker said .	Police : preliminary tests show a suicide victim used the same gun that killed a publicist Police say the suicide victim , Harold Martin Smith , had tried to rob publicist Ronni Chasen Chasen was driving her car through Beverly Hills while Smith was on his bicycle , police say
CNN  -- Since 2001 , there have been many excellent , award-winning and ground-breaking films , both narrative and documentary , about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  The Hurt Locker , " "  Taxi to the Dark Side , " "  Control Room , " "  Occupation : Dreamland , " "  Gunner Palace , " "  Why We Fight , " "  Body of War , " "  Ghosts of Abu Ghraib , " "  No End in Sight , " "  Restrepo , " "  The Prisoner : Or How I Planned To Kill Tony Blair , " "  Stop-Loss " and so on . All of these films have their place . Many are exceptional , moving and award-winning pieces of work , but of those that I have seen , none pack the visceral , emotional and artistic wallop that Danfung Dennis ' documentary "  Hell and Back Again " delivers , and all without any politics whatsoever . There 's nothing , not one word of whether the United States should be fighting these wars , why we 're there or who 's to blame . This is an intimate film about then-25-year-old Marine Sgt. Nathan Harris , his wife  and high school sweetheart  Ashley and the personal cost of war . It is also an astonishing technical achievement in war journalism and documentary filmmaking that may very possibly change the way conflicts are reported forever . Dennis designed and built a customized Steadicam rig  a device that enables a filmmaker to move over an uneven surface without the camera bouncing up and down  , allowing him to shoot footage that looks "  Hollywood , " but was shot with a "  prosumer " Canon 5D Mark II digital SLR : Basically a still camera that shoots HD video . Along with a customized sound rig , Dennis was able to shoot intimate war footage that until now has been impossible . The combat footage is , however , only part of the story . Six months into his third tour of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan , and just days from rotating out , Harris  Echo Company , 2nd Battalion , 8th Marine Regiment  is gravely wounded during a Taliban ambush . His hip and leg are broken , and blood transfusions and multiple surgeries are required to save his life . Dennis was embedded with Echo Company when it was dropped deep behind enemy lines , and as an embedded reporter , he did his job , filming the troops in combat and interacting with Afghan locals . During his time with the troops , Dennis got to know Harris , and after he was wounded , Dennis rejoined him in North Carolina and continued filming there . As the film moves back and forth between Afghanistan and North Carolina , where Nathan is undergoing rehab for his injuries , it becomes painfully clear that the hell of war does n't end when troops return home . And after watching the film , it 's unclear whether the "  hell " of the title is Afghanistan or back home . Harris ' injuries are horrific , and he 's on multiple medications . In an early scene , his wife is driving the pair on a shopping trip and he 's going through his meds  OxyContin , Dilaudid , etc.  . It 's a pharmacy of addictive painkillers . Later in the film , one of Harris ' doctors explains the process of weaning him off the drugs , including withdrawal and the risk of dependency . It 's clear that Harris does n't want to have to use the drugs forever , as he continuously complains of being nauseated and out of it , but he is also is just as clearly becoming dependent on them . In Afghanistan , life is chaotic and dangerous and terrifying , but it is also , on one level , very simple . Troops are there to do one main thing : kill bad guys .  An early shot of a Marine instructor telling his charges that they are "  experts in the application of violence " is chilling .  However , once a Marine returns home , the frustrations of everyday life can be crippling . For example , looking for a space in a crowded mall parking lot can be irritating enough as an everyday experience , but to a Marine recently returned from a war zone , this and many other mundane annoyances can be extremely frustrating , trivial and ultimately useless . Add to that a body full of pain and medications , and you have the makings of a difficult re-entry into life on the home front . With injuries as severe as Harris ' , it 's virtually impossible to avoid getting hooked on pain pills . Not only does the injury cause pain , but the brutal physical therapy that is needed to regain maximum usage of his leg is excruciating . The differences between the strong , vigorous and professional leader in Afghanistan and the severely injured , angry , depressed , dependent and occasionally almost childlike man at home is shocking . One chilling scene involves Harris relating his mindset when he first joined the Marines : "  All I wanted to do was kill people . " He was told by the recruiters that was the best answer they 'd heard . He says he no longer thinks that way , but it 's clear that the Marines and the wars have had a serious effect on his psyche , as he is rarely seen in the film without a handgun , nervously loading and unloading it , pretending to play Russian roulette and even sleeping with it , loaded , under his mattress . An additional casualty of the war is his wife , Ashley . Portrayed as loyal and loving , it 's clear that at times , she is scared for , and occasionally of , her husband . War and his injuries have changed him , and in one unsettling scene , she recounts how there are times when Harris basically becomes a different person . Friday marks the 10th anniversary of the start of the war in Afghanistan , and if this film does anything , it reminds us that the cost of war extends far beyond those who die in battle . The returning troops and those to whom they return are also casualties , and they deserve our care and attention . "  Hell and Back Again " opened in New York on Wednesday and rolls out in major cities across the country over the coming weeks . Check the movie 's website for the release schedule . The film is rated R . As one would expect , it contains a fair amount of off-color language as well as some brutal imagery . But this is a documentary , and war is ugly .	"  Hell and Back Again " is a documentary that follows the life of a young Marine A reporter embedded with Echo Company was dropped behind enemy lines in Afghanistan The Marine 's injuries are horrific , and the film deals with his coping
Republicans released a new battery of campaign ads that play on fears of ISIS and terrorism , and the Republican charged with helping elect new GOP congressmen said national security was "  popping " as a key issue heading into November . "  We 're seeing a big uptick on national security issues , " U.S. Rep. Greg Walden , R-Oregon , told reporters at a breakfast hosted by The Christian Science Monitor on Friday . He cited a CNN poll showing that 57 % of Americans did n't approve of President Obama 's handling of terrorism . Walden said it was too early to tell if the issue had overtaken the economy as the chief concern of voters , but on Friday , the National Republican Congressional Committee rolled out paid television ads in four competitive districts that accused Democrats of cutting funds to fight al Qaeda . One of the new spots said that a Democratic candidate supported suspected terrorists keeping their U.S. passports . Three of the ads featured images of groups of men carrying weapons with ominous music and a narrator warning that positions supported by Democratic candidates made them "  dangerous . " A spokesman for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee said the GOP was "  resorting to Karl Rove 's scare tactics . " "  It 's a shame that at a time when our nation is facing real threats abroad and economic challenges at home , the NRCC would stoop to these lows just to try to win seats , " Josh Scherwin told CNN in a written statement . Walden railed on the President 's leadership on the international stage and asked , "  Can you show me a foreign policy success ? " But the issue is somewhat complicated for the party , and it 's unclear how a continued -- and likely expanded -- U.S. military operation in the Mideast will affect voters ' opinions in the final days of the fall campaign , when voters tend to pay closer attention . More House Republicans than Democrats backed the President 's request for authority to arm and train Syrian rebel groups to combat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Walden said he supported assisting groups in the region , but like other Republicans , he said the administration did n't have a clear strategy for fighting ISIS . He said the issue will play out "  district by district " across the country . The NRCC chairman repeated that he believes his party can win 245 Republican seats in the House , which would mean a net gain of a dozen seats in November . "  I 'd rather be us than them , " Walden said , referring to Democrats , and he downplayed the financial advantage that the DCCC has had over his committee consistently over the election cycle .	National security issues are becoming a top priority in midterm campaigns Republicans are putting up new ads that play on fears of ISIS and terrorism National Democrats say the GOP is "  resorting to Karl Rove 's scare tactics "
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's supreme leader is warning the thousands of people who have been protesting last week 's presidential vote to maintain self-restraint or face a stiff reaction from authorities . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei speaks to a crowd in Tehran during Friday prayers . Members of the opposition -- who have staged noisy demonstrations for the last six days to protest what they believe was a rigged election -- are weighing their options after Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei drew a line in the sand during his all-important sermon during Friday prayers . The supreme leader declared last week 's presidential election a "  definitive victory " for President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and sloughed off charges of vote tampering . "  Any extremist move will fan up another extremist move , " said Khamenei , who criticized the street protests and said those who caused violence during demonstrations would be held accountable . "  If the political elite want to ignore law and break the law and take wrong measures which are harmful willy nilly , they will be held accountable for all the violence and blood and rioting . " Khamenei called on those who do n't believe the results to use proper legal avenues , such as requesting a recount they could observe . Watch Khamenei deny allegations of vote-rigging " He did not , however , issue a call for a new vote -- a move that opposition leaders such as Mir Hossein Moussavi have been demanding . Instead , he passionately defended the election as he addressed a crowd at Tehran University . The election is expected to be a topic of conversation on Saturday before the Guardian Council , which supervises the country 's elections . A council official said the body has invited three candidates -- Moussavi , Mehdi Barrubi , and Mohsen Rezaie -- to its meeting to discuss any issues they see fit , according to the Islamic Republic News Agency . Watch Khamenei defend the outcome of the election " More protest rallies are planned for Saturday -- one sponsored by supporters of opposition candidates Moussavi and Karrubi and another by supporters of former President Mohammed Khatami . While both camps said they had no plans to cancel the marches , the Interior Ministry told FARS news agency there were no permits issued for either event . Analysts and observers are now debating what will happen next as more developments emerged on Friday . "  We do not yet know whether Ahmadinejad will stay , whether Mousavi will somehow be given a second chance , and if the ongoing political struggle will affect the security of the Supreme Leader , " Anthony H. Cordesman of the Center for Strategic & International Studies wrote in a paper published Friday after the speech . Watch CNN 's Christiane Amanpour describe what she saw while reporting on Iran election " He said that it 's clear Khamenei is backing Ahmadinejad and any review of the election will be under those loyal to the supreme leader . But at the same time , Khamenei "  can not put this genie back in the bottle . " "  Whatever happens , if Ahmadinejad stays without a truly legitimate election , the result will fester , not go away . Every embarrassing new piece of excessive rhetoric , every new threat to Iran 's neighbors , every new problem in the economy , and every new act of social repression will be a reminder of the fact that Iran 's leadership has questionable legitimacy at best , " Cordesman wrote . Human rights monitor Amnesty International issued a statement on Friday saying Khamenei 's sermon "  indicates the authorities ' readiness to launch violent crackdowns if people continue to protest which may cause a widespread loss of life . " "  We are extremely disturbed at statements made by Ayatollah Khamenei which seem to give the green light to security forces to violently handle protesters exercising their right to demonstrate and express their views , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , Amnesty 's deputy director of the Middle East and North Africa program . "  If large numbers of people take to the street in protests in the next couple of days , we fear that they will face arbitrary arrest and excessive use of force , as has happened in recent days . " The group said Khamenei should have warned security to act with restraint . "  For a head of state to put the onus of security on peaceful demonstrators and not on the security forces is a gross dereliction of duty and a license for abuse , " Sahraoui said on Friday . Ahmadinejad got more than 24 million votes , defeating Moussavi , his main challenger , Khamenei said . He called the result plausible . "  Eleven million votes difference ? Sometimes there 's a margin of 100,000 , 200,000 , or 1 million maximum . Then one can doubt maybe there has been some rigging or manipulation or irregularities . But there 's a difference of 11 million votes . How can vote rigging happen ? " he asked . He lauded the election as a "  political earthquake . " "  It was a great manifestation of people 's participation in the affairs of their country . It depicted very well people 's solidarity with their establishment , " he said . Khamenei praised the 85 percent voter turnout of about 40 million people , but said that some critics "  wanted to indicate that as a doubtful victory ; some even wanted to show that this is a national defeat . They wanted to give you bad taste in the mouth . " He also criticized what he said was a media narrative that the election pitted people who support the government against those who do n't . He said all four candidates support the Islamic revolution . "  Enemies try through various media , and some of those media belong to the Zionists , ill-wishers . They try to make believe in those media that there is a fight between supporters of the Islamic establishment and the opposition . No , that 's not true , " he said . Watch CNN 's Kara Finnstrom on how information is coming out of Iran " At various junctures through the talk , the crowd chanted "  Allah is Great , " "  Death to Israel , " "  Death to America , " and "  Death to Britain . " The supreme leader took on the United States , Britain , and Israel and apparently people in Iran , accusing them of manipulating and undermining the process . The comments prompted Britain 's Foreign Office to summon Iran 's ambassador to Britain . Watch how world has reacted to the election " The U.S. House of Representatives on Friday overwhelmingly approved a resolution that supports "  all Iranians who embrace the values of freedom , human rights , civil liberties and the rule of law . " A similar measure was being prepared in the Senate . And President Obama , in an interview with CBS News , said he was "  very concerned -- based on some of the tenor and tone of the statements that have been made -- that the government of Iran recognize that the world is watching . "  And how they approach and deal with people who are , through peaceful means , trying to be heard will , I think , send a pretty clear signal to the international community about what Iran is and is not , " Obama said . Since Iran 's 1979 Islamic revolution , sermons during Friday prayers have been delivered by prominent officials , including by the supreme leader on usually important occasions . This appearance comes at what observers call a critical juncture in Iranian history , and since last Friday , tens of thousands of demonstrators have taken to the streets of Iran 's capital to protest the election results . When Iranian TV airs Friday prayers , the camera regularly focuses on important officials . In this case , the event was noteworthy for who was and who was not there . iReport.com : Share images from Iran Ahmadinejad and Rezaie were there , but Karrubi and Moussavi -- who called for a boycott of the prayers -- were not seen . Parliament speaker Ali Larijani , who has had a tense relationship in the past with Ahmadinejad , was sitting next to the president . But former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , who has been in a power struggle with Khamenei , was n't shown on the TV broadcast . Rafsanjani is chairman of the Assembly of Experts -- which is responsible for appointing or removing the supreme leader and monitoring that body 's attitudes toward Khamenei . Khamenei remained staunch in his defense of Ahmadinejad , saying his views were closer to the president 's than to those of Hashemi Rafsanjani , a supporter of Moussavi . The supreme leader at the same time defended Rafsanjani from charges of corruption made by the president during the presidential debate . However , he opened the door to corruption charges against Rafsanjani 's relatives . Khatami , a supporter of Moussavi , was n't seen as well . In discussing Iran 's support of human rights , Khamenei slammed U.S. policies in Afghanistan and Iraq . There have been arrests and casualties since the election , with Amnesty International saying reports suggest up to 15 people have died . The government maintains the death toll is seven . An activist told CNN that the death toll has climbed to 32 across the nation , with 12 of those victims in Tehran . Iranian TV Thursday night aired confessions from people who authorities say were paid to destabilize Iran . TV aired remarks from some "  terrorists " who said the United States paid them to come from Iraq to Iran for the purposes of committing terrorist acts against the Iranian leadership . CNN 's Badi Badiozamani , Christiane Amanpour and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Ayatollah Khamenei urges demonstrators to maintain self-restraint He criticizes protests , says those who caused violence would be held accountable He also criticizes international media for how they have portrayed the election Khamenei says candidates can make appeals through legal avenues
CNN  -- A substitute preschool teacher suspected of molesting up to 50 children has been arrested in Amsterdam , the Netherlands , the international police organization Interpol said . Dutch prosecution officials have said the 27-year-old man , known as "  Robert M , " confessed to abusing dozens of children and had images of child sexual abuse at his home , according to a statement Monday from Interpol . An investigation started after the image of a young boy was identified by his family following its broadcast on Dutch television on December 7 at the request of Dutch national police , Interpol said . The victim 's image was part of a series depicting the sexual abuse of a child under age 5 seized during an operation in the United States by officials from Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Interpol said . The series was added to the International Child Sexual Exploitation database  ICSE  at Interpol 's general secretariat in Lyon , the police organization said . Images from the same series of child pornography had already been seized and added to the database by victim identification specialists from the National Child Exploitation Coordination Centre of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , Interpol said . "  This case is a clear demonstration of the fact that so-called ` child pornography ' can only be produced through the actual sexual abuse of children and that the global trade in child sexual abuse material can only be effectively policed by international cooperation through global channels of the type facilitated by INTERPOL 's victim identification team , " Bernd Rossbach , director of Interpol 's specialized crime unit , said in the statement .	Officials identify the suspect as "  Robert M , " a substitute preschool teacher He is arrested in Amsterdam on suspicion of molesting up to 50 children Interpol : Child pornography can only be produced through the sexual abuse of children
Seven years after its finale , one of the greatest cult hits in television history is making a return . "  Arrested Development " lasted three season during its initial run on FOX , with critical acclaim but dismal ratings . Since its final episode aired in February 2006 , a little thing called Netflix ushered in a new way of watching television . In doing so , the comedy found a massive following who kicked themselves for missing the dysfunctional antics of the Family Bluth before it received the dreaded "  canceled " sentencing from prime-time television . In a rare move , the Emmy-winning comedy is making a return , with 15 new episodes with the original cast and crew in tow . After a reported bidding war among outlets , Netflix won the rights to the fourth season everyone hoped for , but no one saw coming . After numerous false starts and scheduling conflicts , series creator Mitch Hurwitz was finally able to work in time for his entire clan to continue the saga of the least redeemable family in Orange County . CNN recently caught up with the cast to discuss the new episodes , and star Jason Bateman appeared overjoyed at their family reunion . "  There really are n't a lot of shows that get to come back together , at least under these circumstances , where it 's not a desperate retread and no one 's really done much since the show went off the air . This was a celebratory gathering , a lot of good news , and we knew that we were being included in this effort that Netflix is making to change the way television is brought to people . We 're just fortunate to be a part of that . " "  Arrested " is the latest in Netflix 's recent foray into producing original content , and marks a new way for people to enjoy television . For those who missed the show during its original run , Netflix made it possible to watch the entire series in one sitting . The increase in popularity for streaming and subscription services has created a culture of television binge-watching . Many fans of "  Arrested Development " have never seen the show any other way , and on May 26 , these same fans will have 15 new half-hours for their viewing pleasure . Portia de Rossi , aka Lindsay Bluth , admits to being a victim of binge-watching herself . "  I find it really frustrating to have to wait a week to watch a show , and I 'm just so used to seeing things back to back when I want to see them . I think what Mitch has done with ` Arrested ' for Netflix is even more brilliant because he 's used that format and created something brand new within it . " With the abundance of reality series taking over both prime-time lineups and Nielsen ratings over the last decade , more and more people have begun turning to cable and premium networks to get their scripted television fix . Netflix is hoping to take a bite out of that population tuning away from the "  Big Five " broadcast networks . In fact , these original series are even eligible for Primetime Emmy awards thanks to a recent rule change allowing broadband programming to be nominated alongside any broadcast , cable or premium network show . Will the magic that has kept the original 53 episodes as must-see television a decade since the show 's debut still be there ? The cast believe so and if this upcoming season is a success , do n't expect this to be the last you see of Never Nudes , Cornballers , and frozen banana stands . Bateman is quick to point out that Season 4 is the first arc in a new story . "  It 's a three-act story that was too big to put in a feature , so we put the first act in these episodes and a movie would be acts two and three . " That 's right , the long-rumored film version of the series is still in the works . The stars of "  Arrested Development " may have to keep their characters within arm 's reach in the coming future . They said they reveled at the chance to jump back into the shoes of their Bluth personae , and Jessica Walter had no trouble slipping into boozy matriarch Lucille . "  How bad does this make me seem ? It 's not that difficult . I hope I 'm not like her ! But when you play something for three seasons like we did , it 's sort of like bike riding : You never forget . As soon as I saw the script and saw the people the first day we were all together in that dysfunctional crazy family , it all came back . " Season 4 features an interesting twist on the show 's successful formula . To make the most of the limited time scheduled with the entire cast at once , each episode of the new installment focuses on a different member of the Bluth family . For de Rossi , it was the few scenes the ensemble got to shoot together that made her feel back at home . "  Once I was reunited with my cast on the set of Lucille 's penthouse , that was that moment where it all just kind of clicked , for all of us . Because it was n't just me and Lindsay and what she was like ; it was how she related to everybody else and her place in the family . That was really awesome and that was when it all came rushing back . " With the release just a week away , will fans both old and new turn out to get a new slice of afternoon delight ? De Rossi believes everyone will walk away satisfied . "  It 's going to feel the same as it did . I was surprised how similar it looked and felt , and although we are all older , somehow it all worked . "	Seven years after its network finale , cult TV show "  Arrested Development " will return on Netflix The new season will have 15 episodes that can all be watched beginning May 26 Portia de Rossi says the reboot retains the show 's original magic
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner was released from a Buenos Aires hospital Sunday , days after undergoing surgery there , state media reported . Doctors operated on Fernandez on Tuesday to remove a blood clot on the surface of her brain . "  The president is in very good spirits and due to her excellent recovery she will be released from the hospital , " government spokesman Alfredo Scoccimarro told reporters . The state-run Telam news agency reported that Fernandez left the hospital Sunday afternoon . Last weekend , doctors diagnosed Fernandez , 60 , with a subdural hematoma and said she needed to take a month off of work . On Sunday , doctors said she must follow strict rest for 30 days and avoid air travel . A subdural hematoma is a blood clot on the brain 's surface beneath its outer covering , called the dura . Often , in people over 60 , a brain trauma can cause the blood vessels in the brain to tear and blood to clot . According to Argentina 's constitution , the vice president assumes the presidency temporarily in the president 's absence . CNN 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez reported from Buenos Aires . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta .	Spokesman : "  Due to her excellent recovery she will be released from the hospital " Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner underwent surgery Tuesday Last weekend doctors diagnosed her with a subdural hematoma
CNN  -- Last week , Republicans and Democrats alike chastised U.S. Rep. Todd Akin for coming up with a highly troubling reference to "  legitimate rape , " implying that not all rapes were unjustified , like say when a married man forces his wife to have sex . Akin has since corrected himself and said he opposes only "  forcible rape . " Critics point out that there is only one kind of rape -- a violent one . Rape is , by definition , a form of aggravated assault . Opinion : Rape can make you pregnant . Period . What all the very justifiable media hoopla ignores is that Akin 's view of rape is far from unique . It follows that the educational agenda we all face is much greater and more challenging than setting straight one congressman who claims that he is suffering from a mild case of foot-in - the-mouth disease . The extent to which young people do not get what rape means has changed little over the years . According to statistics in the 1988 book , "  I Never Called It Rape , " by Robin Warshaw , 84 % of college men who committed rape claimed that what they had done was not , in fact , rape . One in 15 male students reported that they raped someone or attempted to do so in the preceding year . And "  nearly one third of college men said they were likely to have sex with an unwilling partner if they thought they could get away with it . " A more recent study published in the Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology in 1998 asked students to what extent it was acceptable for a man to verbally pressure or force a date to have sexual intercourse . The responses show that 17 % of men considered that using force was an acceptable strategy to get their way . Opinion : Wake up , it 's not just Akin We need to use the recent uproar over Akin 's remark as a learning opportunity . A good place to start is with young people in high schools and colleges . Assemblies will do as a starter , especially if one can find rape victims who are willing to come forward and tell what it is like to be forced and the psychological scars that remain for years to come . Open discussions among men and women best follow , in smaller groups . Moreover , I highly recommend role playing . I used to scoff at role playing , which I considered a gimmicky approach to education . I changed my mind after seeing it enacted . I saw a husband playing a wife , and the wife acting as if she was the man of the house . She asked her husband : "  What did you do the whole day ? " and "  Why is the baby still fussing and the laundry not done ? " The husband later related that for the first time in his life , he truly felt what it is like to stay home the whole day , doing household work and dealing with children , and then to be treated as if one did not work . iReport : Making my voice public Asking men -- who after all are 99 % of the rapists -- to role play as if they have been raped by a woman is very unlikely to work . However , my colleagues in the psychology department tell me that men , especially young men and those who are not particularly athletic , are very sensitive to the notion that they may be raped by another man . Role playing in which a man is cornered by someone who pretends to be , say , a football coach is likely to evoke in them what women feel when they are cornered . I am not arguing that this , or for that matter any , educational device or program will convince one and all that rape is a shameful violent act  and , of course , a violation of the law  . But at least we should use the Akin incident to engender a discussion of what are and what are not acceptable ways for people to proposition each other . Any use of force to gain sex deeply wounds those who are raped and reveals the predator is not much of a man . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Amitai Etzioni : Todd Akin 's comment about "  legitimate rape " is not uncommon Etzioni : The extent to which young people do not get what rape means has changed little He says role playing can be an effective tool in teaching people that rape is a violent assault Etzioni : We should use the Akin uproar to educate people about what rape really is
CNN  -- At least 29 students died in a February 25 attack on a college in Buni Yadi , northeastern Nigeria , during which several buildings were torched . The attackers escaped the scene , but Nigeria 's military suspects that the militant group Boko Haram , which has wreaked havoc in the region for several years , are the perpetrators . The Nigerian government is struggling to control the bloodshed between the mainly Muslim north and Christian south that has claimed more than 3,000 lives since Boko Haram came to prominence in 2009 , according to Human Rights Watch . Who are Boko Haram ? Boko Haram means "  Western education is a sin . " The group 's ambitions range from the stricter enforcement of Sharia law -- which is derived from the Koran as the "  world of God " -- across the predominantly Muslim north of Nigeria , to the total destruction of the Nigerian state and its government . What 's causing the unrest ? Armed militant groups in Nigeria 's northeastern region are nothing new , but Boko Haram has taken the violence to unprecedented levels since 2009 , murdering and kidnapping Westerners and bombing schools and churches . In late 2013 , Human Rights Watch said Boko Haram had abducted scores of women and girls and used children as young as 13 in their campaign of violence . The country 's immense oil wealth is concentrated in the south , while the predominantly Muslim north remains extremely poor . There were riots and accusations of vote-rigging when former military ruler Gen. Muhammadu Buhari , much of the north 's favored candidate for president , lost to Goodluck Jonathan , who hails from the south , in the 2011 national election . What 's the Nigerian government doing about it ? In mid-May the Nigerian government declared a state of emergency in three northeastern states -- Adamawawa , Yobe and Borno state -- and created the Joint Task Force wing of the military to try to stamp out the insurgency . A media blackout has also ensued , which ensures that communications in and out of the remote area are nearly impossible and that the Nigerian military can operate out of the media spotlight . The military has been accused of committing atrocities against civilians by Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International . After raising concerns with Nigeria 's foreign minister last May , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said : "  The government has acknowledged that there have been some problems ... they 're working to try to control it . " In November 2013 , Nigeria 's national assembly extended the state of emergency for a further six months at the President 's request . Is the violence a purely sectarian dispute ? While it 's easy to frame the violence as Christians versus Muslims , it 's much more than sectarian . Boko Haram will attack other Muslims when they feel they 're not adhering to strict Sharia law . Meanwhile , the Joint Task Force 's actions in the region are n't winning them any fans -- and there are also vigilante thugs who stop and search cars entering northeastern cities like Maiduguri . Why has Boko Haram attacked mosques in the past ? Boko Haram does n't view all Muslims as supporters and allies -- and there have been suggestions that the group is attacking certain mosques because members of that mosque have assisted the Joint Task Force in tracking members of the militant group . Does Boko Haram enjoy support from the people ? Although the northern populace mostly abhors the violence , there is considerable local sympathy and support for Sharia law , seen by many as the only way to put an end to what is widely regarded as a corrupt and inept government . Northern Nigeria has some of the worst human development indicators in the world -- and as the military struggles to stop the spread of attacks from Boko Haram 's base in the northeast , the militant group is winning perhaps its most important battle : making Nigerians question the competency of their government . Could the violence spread to other countries ? It already has . Boko Haram is active in neighboring Cameroon , where a French family was kidnapped in February 2013 , as well as a French priest in November that year . And in a video released in August 2013 , the group 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , said : "  Our strength and firepower is bigger than that of Nigeria . Nigeria is no longer a big deal to us , as far as we are concerned . We will now comfortably confront the United States of America . " The U.S. says the group has links to the al Qaeda affiliate in West Africa , and extremist groups in Mali . In March 2011 , Gen. Carter Ham , then the commander of U.S. Africa Command , warned Congress that Boko Haram elements "  aspire to a broader regional level of attacks , " including against United States and European interests . Why is n't the international community stepping in ? In November 2013 , the U.S. State Department designated Boko Haram and its offshoot Ansaru as "  terrorist organizations , " legally enabling Washington to take various steps against the groups , their members and their supporters . A year earlier it had designated the leader of Boko Haram as a terrorist and put a $ 7 million bounty on his head , in addition to providing technical and financial support to the Nigerian teams fighting on the ground . But there 's a growing international reluctance to put boots on the ground unless there 's a direct national security threat to the West , like in the case of the French intervention in Mali last year . Why is Nigeria so important to the region and rest of the world ? What 's the role of oil ? Nigeria , with nearly 175 million people , is considered the political and economic powerhouse of West Africa . Rich in oil , the country is a key U.S. partner and has a massive banking sector . China is the biggest trade partner for Africa , and Nigeria is the hub of global business in the region . CNN Wires contributed to this report .	Nigeria is battling an Islamist insurgency that has claimed 3,000 lives since 2009 Boko Haram is fighting for stricter Sharia law in Nigeria 's predominately Muslim north Rights groups have blamed both Boko Haram and the military for atrocities against civilians Oil-rich Nigeria is a key U.S. partner and the economic powerhouse of West Africa
EW.com  -- The 2012-13 TV season is already a month old and , as expected , returning favorites have remained just that â $ " favorites . Naturally , this year 's best comedy winner at the Emmys remains in the Top 5  way to go , Cam !  , while Shonda Rhimes ' trusty medical drama is still fighting the good fight for ABC . But how are all those new shows faring opposite the veterans through the first four weeks ? Here 's the top  and low  rated dramas through Oct. 21 and what they are averaging in the uber-important adults 18-49 demographic .  New shows are bolded and cancelled ones are crossed out  . Remember , each ratings point equals 1.3 million viewers . 1 . Sunday Night Football  NBC  7.7 rating/19 share 2 . Modern Family  ABC  5.8 / 15 3 . The Big Bang Theory  CBS  5.7 / 18 4 . Sunday Night Pre-Kick  NBC  5.6 / 15 5 . The Voice  NBC  5.1 / 13 6 . Grey 's Anatomy  NBC  5.0 / 13 7 . NCIS  CBS  4.5 / 13 7 . The Family Guy  FOX  4.5 / 11 9 . The Voice Tuesday  NBC  4.5 / 13 10 . The OT  Fox  4.4 / 13 11 . Revolution  NBC  4.3 / 11 11 . Football Night in America  NBC  4.3 / 12 13 . Two and a Half Men  CBS  4.1 / 12 13 . Once Upon a Time  ABC  4.1 / 10 15 . 2 Broke Girls  CBS  4.0 / 10 15 . Glee  FOX  4.0 / 11 15 . The Simpsons  FOX  4.0 / 10 18 . The X Factor Wednesday  FOX  3.9 / 11 19 . How I Met Your Mother  CBS  3.8 / 11 20 . NCIS : Los Angeles  CBS  3.7 / 10 20 . New Girl  FOX  3.7 / 10 22 . X Factor Thursday 3.3 / 10 22 . Person of Interest  CBS  3.6 / 10 24 . Criminal Minds  CBS  3.5 / 9 24 . Elementary  CBS  3.5 / 10 26 . Revenge  ABC  3.4 / 8 26 . Mike & Molly  CBS  3.4 / 8 28 . Survivor : Philippines  CBS  3.3 / 10 29 . American Dad  FOX  3.1 / 7 30 . The Middle  ABC  3.0 / 9 31 . Go On  NBC  2.9 / 8 31 . The Office  NBC  2.9 / 8 33 . Amazing Race 21  CBS  2.8 / 7 33 . CSI  CBS  2.8 / 8 33 . Bones  FOX  2.8 / 8 33 . 60 Minutes  CBS  2.8 / 7 33 . Suburgatory  ABC  2.8 / 7 38 . Bob 's Burgers  FOX  2.7 / 7 38 . Vegas  CBS  2.7 / 8 40 . Mindy Project  FOX  2.6 / 7 41 . Castle  ABC  2.5 / 7 46 . Scandal  ABC  2.5 / 7 41 . The New Normal  NBC  2.5 / 7 41 . Hawaii Five-0  CBS  2.5 / 6 45 . Cleveland  FOX  2.4 / 7 45 . Private Practice  ABC  2.4 / 7 45 . Parenthood  NBC  2.2 / 6 45 . Nashville  ABC  2.4 / 7 45 . Dancing with the Stars  ABC  2.4 / 6 50 . The Last Resort  ABC  2.3 / 7 50 . The Mentalist  CBS  2.3 / 6 50 . Law & Order : SVU  NBC  2.3 / 6 50 . 666 Park Avenue  ABC  2.3 / 6 56 . Dancing with the Stars results 2.4 / 6 56 . Grimm  NBC  2.2 / 7 58 . The Good Wife  CBS  2.1 / 5 58 . The Neighbors  ABC  2.1 / 6 60 . Shark Tank  ABC  2.0 / 7 61 . Raising Hope  FOX  1.9 / 6 61 . Football Night in America Pt . 2  NBC  1.9 / 5 63 . Ben & Kate  FOX  1.8 / 5 64 . Chicago Fire  NBC  1.7 / 5 64 . Guys with Kids  NBC  1.7 / 5 64 . Up All Night  NBC  1.7 / 5 67 . Blue Bloods  CBS  1.6 / 5 68 . Saturday Night Football  ABC  1.5 / 5 68 . 30 Rock  NBC  1.5 / 5 68 . CSI : NY  NBC  1.5 / 5 68 . Fringe  FOX  1.5 / 5 73 . Animal Practice  NBC  1.4 / 5 73 . America 's Funniest Home Videos  ABC  1.4 / 4 73 . 20/20 Friday  ABC  1.4 / 4 73 . Dateline Friday  NBC  1.4 / 4 77 . Mob Doctor  FOX  1.3 / 3 77 . Arrow  CW  1.3 / 4 79 . Notre Dame Football  NBC  1.1 / 4 79 . Made in Jersey  CBS  1.1 / 4 79 . Fox College Football 1.1 / 4 79 . Vampire Diaries  CW  1.1 / 3 83 . 48 Hours  CBS  1.0 / 3 84 . Beauty and the Beast  CW  .9 / 2 84 . Rock Center with Brian Williams  NBC  .9 / 3 84 . Supernatural  CW  .9 / 2 84 . SVU Saturday  NBC  .9 / 3 88 . Saturday Night Football Pregame  ABC  .8 / 3 89 . Chicago Fire Saturday  NBC  .7 / 2 89 . Grimm encore  NBC  .7 / 2 91 . America 's Top Model  CW  .6 / 2 91 . Crimetime Saturday  CBS  .6 / 2 91 . Hart of Dixie  CW  .6 / 2 95 . Revolution Saturday  NBC  .5 / 2 95 . Emily Owens MD  CW  .5 / 1 95 90210  CW  .5 / 1 98 Gossip Girl Monday  CW  .4 / 1 98 . Oh Sit !  CW  .4 / 1 100 . Nikita  CW  .3 / 1 100 . LA Complex  CW  .3 / 1 See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Some of the favorite TV shows so far are returning ones "  Sunday Night Football " is the top rated show None of the new shows cracked the top 10
Washington  CNN  -- If there 's a contest for worst travel experience of the year , United Airlines Flight 857 might be in the running . The plane departed San Francisco on Sunday for a 13-hour trip to Shanghai . But most of the 262 passengers did n't get to China until Tuesday evening -- three days late -- after an unplanned and prolonged layover in Anchorage , Alaska . About three hours into the flight , the United jetliner was diverted to Anchorage because of broken bathrooms . When a replacement plane arrived Monday , it also was grounded because of mechanical problems , prompting most of the passengers to catch a third plane Tuesday . "  It was just one thing after the other , " said Kristin Bishop , who was on a business trip from Chicago . "  It was honestly unbelievable . We could n't believe it . It definitely was the flight from hell . " Flight 857 shows the impact -- and limits -- of the Airline Passenger Bill of Rights , designed to protect passengers from being held on tarmac-bound jets . In this instance , United appeared to go to great lengths to avoid violating the tarmac rule , which fines airlines if they keep passengers on ground-bound planes more than four hours , with some exceptions . But a string of delays and mechanical problems plagued the voyage almost from the very beginning . Passengers said the the flight left San Francisco at 2 p.m. Sunday , and the first inkling of trouble came three hours later , when the pilot announced a detour to Anchorage because of problems with several of the Boeing 777 's lavatories . According to Bishop , the captain announced , "  You may have noticed some lavatories are n't working . We 're making an unplanned stop in Anchorage . " When the plane landed , Bishop said , the passengers sat for an hour and a half before they were allowed to get off and wait in a secure area . That wait lasted about four hours , Bishop said , before they got word that the flight was canceled and that a replacement plane would arrive the next day . "  They told us to wait in line and get our meal and hotel vouchers . But it just took them hours and hours to make that announcement , and there was only one guy handing out the vouchers , " Bishop said . "  And they were checking us off one-by-one , so it took like 10 minutes per person to get your voucher , and there was like 280 of us , I believe . " When all was said and done , passengers got one $ 12 meal voucher , Bishop said . Bishop said she was issued her hotel voucher shortly after midnight , and the airline refused to release people 's luggage , which contained clothing and medication . The bad luck continued Monday . When passengers arrived at 11 a.m. for the 1 p.m. flight , they were informed that the flight had been delayed 2Â 1/2 hours , Bishop said . Once on the second plane , they waited a couple more hours before the captain made an announcement . "  They announced that that plane also has broke down , " Bishop said . "  The captain acknowledged that it was ironic , which is one way to put it . " Passengers were told that another replacement plane would arrive Tuesday . Bishop said she opted to catch a red-eye plane back . For several dozen passengers who opted to take that overnight flight to San Francisco , there was added drama when lightning harmlessly struck their plane . In a statement Wednesday , United said it provided its customers with hotel accommodations and meal options and provided a different Boeing 777 aircraft . It made no mention of that aircraft 's mechanical problems . "  We sincerely apologize to our customers for the delays and are fully refunding their tickets . We are also actively reaching out to our customers to offer additional compensation , " the statement read . A Department of Transportation spokesman said Wednesday that the agency had received one complaint . "  We sent the complaint to United and asked them to reply to the passenger , " Bill Mosley said . Meanwhile , Bishop says she still does n't have her luggage . "  The luggage is in China . Hopefully , I 'll get it back , " she said .	Flight from San Francisco to Shanghai landed after lavatories broke Replacement plane also had mechanical problems Passenger says she got one $ 12 meal voucher but not her luggage United apologizes , says it is reaching out to customers
CNN  -- It 's a beautiful afternoon on the beach . The sun is shining , you 're rolling in the waves , showing off the toned torso you worked on at the gym all winter . Suddenly a sharp , burning sensation hits your skin . You 've just been stung by a jellyfish . If experts ' warnings are true , swimmers around the world can expect to experience these unwanted love taps in greater numbers than ever before . "  Jellyfish and tourism are not happy bedfellows , " says Dr. Lisa-Ann Gershwin , author of the recently published book , "  Stung ! On Jellyfish Blooms and the Future of the Ocean . " Gershwin says popular beach resorts around the world are seeing huge increases in jellyfish "  bloom " activity , a result of overfishing and changing water temperatures . "  The French and Spanish Rivieras , Chesapeake Bay , the Great Barrier Reef , Hawaii ... some of the numbers are staggering , " says the American scientist who 's now based in Australia . "  In Hawaii there have been times that 800 or 1,000 people have been stung in a day . In Spain or Florida , it 's not uncommon in recent years for a half a million people to be stung during an outbreak . These numbers are simply astonishing . " At the beginning of October , a large amount of jellyfish inhabiting a cooling-water intake at a Swedish nuclear plant caused operators to manually shut down production at its largest reactor . Jellyfish prompt nuclear shutdown In Ireland , a jellyfish bloom reportedly killed thousands of farmed salmon , according to the Irish Times . This past summer , southern Europe experienced one of its worst jellyfish infestations ever . Experts there have been reporting a steady increase in the number of jellyfish in the Mediterranean Sea for years . According to a report titled "  Review of Jellyfish Blooms in the Mediterranean and Black Sea , " written by Fernando Borea for the General Fisheries Commission for the Mediterranean and the United Nations , scientists are catching up to what travelers in the Med have been experiencing for years . "  In the last decade ... the media are reporting on an increasingly high number of gelatinous plankton blooms , " reads the report . "  The reason for these reports is that thousands of tourists are stung , fisheries are harmed and even impaired by jellyfish . " Although noting that significant jellyfish blooms "  have been known since ancient times and are part of the normal functioning of the oceans , " the report cites global warming and global overfishing  which removes jellyfish predators  as causes for exploding jellyfish populations in recent years . The situation in the Mediterranean was dire enough to prompt Britain 's foreign office to issue a warning to its citizens vacationing along Europe 's southern coast to watch out for jellyfish . The world 's deadliest jellyfish There are more than 2,000 species of jellyfish swimming through the world 's waters . Most stings are completely harmless . Some will leave you in excruciating pain . Then there are the killers . Many of the world 's deadliest jellyfish are box jellyfish , which refers to the species ' cube-shaped meduae . "  There are several species of big box jellyfish that have caused many deaths -- these include chironex fleckeri in Australia , chironex quadrigatus in Japan and related species in Thailand , Papua New Guinea and Indonesia , " says associate professor Jamie Seymour , a venom biologist at Australia 's James Cook University . Also known as the sea wasp and the northern Australian box jellyfish , the chironex fleckeri is possibly the worlds most venomous animal . Its tentacles can reach lengths of up to three meters long , while its bell is about the size of a human head . It can be found throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific . A close cousin and fellow contender for the "  world 's most venomous " cup is the Irukandji , which is the size of a thimble . Good luck scanning the waters for that one before you leap in . "  How toxic they are is just phenomenally frightening and equally fascinating , " says Gershwin . "  Just the lightest brush -- you do n't even feel it -- and then , whammo , you 're in more pain than you ever could have imagined , and you are struggling to breathe and you ca n't move your limbs and you ca n't stop vomiting and your blood pressure just keeps going up and up . "  It is really surprising how many places they occur around the world -- places you would never expect : Hawaii , Caribbean , Florida , Wales , New Caledonia , Thailand , Malaysia , Philippines , India ... as well as Australia . " Asian giant hornets and other terrifying creatures Is any place safe ? "  More and more , places around the world that are suffering from jellyfish problems with tourists are developing prediction systems so that tourists can know when it is safe , " says Gershwin . The irony , she says , is that tourists who avoid an area because of the known risk may alter their plans to hit a "  safe " beach whose officials are merely less up front about the jellyfish situation , putting themselves more at risk . A common misconception is that places such as Indonesia , Thailand , Malaysia and the Philippines are free of dangerous jellyfish . "  Jellyfish occur in all marine waters from pole to pole and at all depths , " says Gershwin . "  The life threatening ones are found from about 40 degrees north to 40 degrees south latitude . "  Australia is upfront about its jellyfish dangers , and also assertive in safety management , whereas other places have them , but may understand less about them or , in some cases , just do n't want to say . I think tourists need to be very aware of local hazards and not expect to necessarily be provided with information . " What to do when you 're stung Thanks to that infamous "  Friends " episode that aired in 1997 , millions of people think it 's smart to treat a jellyfish sting with urine . In reality , peeing on a jellyfish sting is n't a good idea . A report in the Scientific American says urine can actually aggravate the jellyfish 's stingers into releasing more venom . Meanwhile , there 's debate over what actually works on a jellyfish sting . Many doctors say it all depends on whether the sting occurs place in tropical or nontropical waters . If stung in tropical waters , one should rinse the area with vinegar to deactivate any nematocysts -- the parts of the stinger -- that are still hanging on . "  A freshwater rinse will have the opposite effect , " says the Scientific American report . "  Any change to the balance of solutes , such as the concentration of salts inside and outside of the cnidocyte -LSB- a venomous cell -RSB- , sets off stinging . " In North America , doctors recommend using hot water and topical pain killers on a sting . Can we turn this around ? Gershwin says the explosion in jellyfish populations is a visible indicator that life in the oceans is out of balance . "  If we somehow managed to eradicate all jellyfish , then something else -- some other weedy thing -- would find a perfect situation , " she says . "  So the reason we should care is because they act as a flashing red light . " She says there 's no one single factor to blame for the rise in jellyfish populations , but rather places blame on a combination of overfishing , warming water , low oxygen and pollution . By fishing out jellyfish predators and competitors , humans are creating perfect conditions for jellyfish to multiply . "  Sadly , I am one of a growing chorus of people who believe that , yes , it is too late to turn things around , " says Gershwin . "  So many species are in such low numbers , and habitats are so badly damaged , that restoring them to their original splendor is simply no longer possible . "  I believe that our only option now is to decide how much we value what we currently have , and to decide what we are willing to do to maintain it -- or at least slow down its disappearance . But honestly , can you really see all 7 billion of us agreeing on that ? "	Scientists say jellyfish are proliferating faster than ever before Changing water temperatures and overfishing are behind the surge in population Irukandji , box jellyfish among the world 's most deadly varieties Contrary to popular belief , treating a jellyfish sting with urine is n't advised
CNN  -- On the basis of the evidence currently in the public record , one likely outcome of the case against George Zimmerman is a mixed one : There may be sufficient evidence for a reasonable prosecutor to indict him for manslaughter , but there may also be doubt sufficient for a reasonable jury to acquit him . Any such predictions should be accepted with an abundance of caution , however , because the evidence known to the special prosecutor , but not to the public , may paint a different picture . It may be stronger or weaker . Media reports suggest that police found Zimmerman with grass stains on the back of his shirt , bloody bruises on the back of his head and other indicia that may support his contention that Trayvon Martin was banging his head against the ground when Zimmerman shot him . We do n't know what Martin 's body or clothing show , other than the fatal bullet wound . If there are no comparable bruises or grass stains and if the bullet wound and powder residue establish that the gun was fired at very close range , this too might support a claim of self-defense . Then there is a recorded cry for help , which , if it turns out to be the voice of Martin , would undercut the defense -- if the voice analysis passes scientific muster and is deemed admissible into evidence . There may be additional forensic evidence -- or witnesses -- of which we are now unaware , though it is unlikely there is a "  smoking gun . " Finally , there is the overarching and historically painful reality that an unarmed black teenager lies dead at the hand of an armed Hispanic man who ignored a dispatcher 's advice not to follow and engage the "  suspect , " and who may have -- and this too is forensically unclear -- uttered a racial epithet while chasing him . These "  facts " give rise to several possible scenarios of what may actually have occurred on that dark rainy night . Under the Florida self-defense statute , it matters greatly what happened , most especially who "  initially provoke -LSB- d -RSB- the use of force , " and who started the physical encounter . If Zimmerman initially provoked the deadly encounter , then he can not invoke any "  stand your ground " defense . He would then be under a legal obligation to "  exhaust ... every reasonable means to escape . " Though this statute is anything but a model of clarity , it does suggest that whoever "  provokes " a deadly encounter has a heavy burden of justification in claiming self-defense . But the statute does n't define "  provokes , " and that ambiguous word may hold the key to the outcome of this tragic case . If provocation is limited to a physical assault , and if Zimmerman 's account that Martin blindsided him with a punch is believed , then Zimmerman did not provoke the encounter . But if provocation includes following the victim and harassing him , then Zimmerman may well qualify as a provocateur . Moreover , a jury may believe that Zimmerman started the physical confrontation by grabbing Martin . This would almost certainly constitute provocation . But to complicate matters further , even a provocateur has the legal right to defend himself under Florida law if he ca n't escape and if he is in imminent danger of death or great bodily harm , as Zimmerman claims he was . All this goes to show how factually driven this case is under Florida law . And we do n't yet know all the facts . The special prosecutor , who has said she will not use a grand jury to decide whether to indict Zimmerman , has an obligation to consider all the evidence and to apply the law to the facts . All she needs in order to indict is probable cause that a crime has been committed . A jury that ultimately decides whether the defendant is guilty needs much more : proof beyond a reasonable doubt . But what if a prosecutor concludes that there is both probable cause and a reasonable doubt ? That is the nightmare scenario that this prosecutor may well face . In ordinary circumstances , most prosecutors would not bring such a case , because it would be a waste of resources to indict someone who will probably be acquitted . But this is anything but a run-of-the-mill case . Moreover , the Florida statute provides an additional layer of protection to a defendant claiming self-defense : A judge must decide whether the defendant is "  immune from prosecution , " that is , if the judge believes his actions fall under the law of self-defense . So the following mixed outcome is certainly possible : The special prosecutor indicts ; the judge does or does n't grant immunity ; if he does n't , the jury acquits . Many people would be unhappy with such a mixed outcome , but it is not the job of the law to make people happy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan Dershowitz .	Alan Dershowitz : Prosecutor in Trayvon Martin case could face "  nightmare scenario " He says based on evidence that is public , there could be probable cause to indict But there may not be enough evidence to remove reasonable doubt of guilt Dershowitz : Many people would not be happy with such a mixed outcome
CNN  -- Outdoor dining , fresh ingredients and local festivals make summer the perfect season for food lovers to explore the world . Check out these 10 destinations for fresh summer eats . See more top summer food destinations Istria , Croatia In Istria , Croatia 's northern peninsula , the land is bursting with all things green . Vineyards flank winding roads . Trees , heavy with figs and peaches , hang over garden gates . Croatia 's 1,390-square-mile northern peninsula is known for its freshly caught seafood , terraced olive groves , hilltop vineyards and truffles . Head to 120-year-old Kabola , Istria 's first green-certified winery , to taste wines that have been partly aged in amphoras , or clay vessels . The family vintners are especially passionate about regional Malvazija grapes ; if you like red , do n't miss the peppery 2009 Teran . Afterward , drive 15 minutes south to dine on cuttlefish in its own ink topped with silky puréed potatoes and a generous portion of black truffle shavings at San Rocco Hotel 's restaurant . Beyond Croatia , summer 's food groups are as distinctive as countries themselves . 10 surprising facts about turbulence Northern Italy The weather in northern Italy might be similar to neighboring Croatia , for example , but altitude and Austrian influences in the Dolomites means regional specialties include pork sausages and apple strudel . Regional specialties such as speck  smoked ham  , cajinci  a ravioli with ricotta and spinach  , and wild berries pair well with hikes and overnights in rifugios , or mountain huts , in this northern corner of Italy . Head there with Whole Foods ' new tour company , Whole Journeys , at the end of August . The seven-day itinerary includes a hands-on cooking lesson -- Alto Adige gnocchi is one menu highlight -- a private dinner in a century-old vineyard , and yogurt-making classes on a dairy farm . Turks and Caicos Whether you resort hop or hit local hotspots on the Turks and Caicos Islands , be sure to pair a cool Turks head beer with conch , a Caribbean specialty . You 'll find the sweet shell meat fried , stewed and served ceviche style at weekly Island Fish Fries , where travelers and island residents mingle on the beach and local "  rake and scrape " bands bang out tunes . Or head to haute restaurants such as Parallel23 at the Regent Palms Hotel , where new chef Ingo Möller serves up flaky sea bass and fresh crab rolls ; meals end with dessert and cocktails on a moonlit beach . August also means lobster season on the islands , something Grace Bay Club 's Anacaona restaurant celebrates with a decadent lobster tasting menu . America 's best urban running trails Portland , Oregon Progressive culinary scenes in cities like Portland , Oregon , mean farmers and chefs have close relationships , so seasonal summer ingredients such as heirloom tomatoes , hazelnuts and sorrel do n't travel far before landing on your plate at locally loved restaurants like Castagna . You could also sign up for a farm dinner or trip with Farm to Fork , a food , wine and agritourism event company that creates culinary experiences that directly link consumers with craft winemakers , food artisans and family farmers throughout the state . On a four-day canoeing trip down the Rogue River , for example , participants take cooking classes and stop by vineyards and leafy orchards . Montreal , Canada It 's no wonder that Montreal earns frequent comparisons to Paris : The city 's culinary culture -- influenced by 80 rich ethnicities and a genuine focus on local -- is a favorite among foodies , especially during warmer summer months . Neighborhoods are dotted with patisseries and boulangeries and the city 's restaurant scene -- there are more than 5,500 to choose from -- has standout options such as the hip La Salle á Manger , where spicy fried rabbit and halibut ceviche make the menu and Nora Gray , where chef Emma Cardarelli turns out rich venison tartare and house-made pasta . Madrid , Spain Global capitals also vie for attention . "  Madrid is the place -- do not hesitate ! " says Virginia Irurita of Made for Spain tour company , based in the Spanish capital . Her enthusiasm is n't just rooted in particular chefs and dishes , but also in Spain 's summer food traditions : Café tables spread out along sidewalks and in park squares , and boisterous crowds sip Tinto de verano , a refreshing wine spritzer , until late at night . World 's best airport spas Cape Town , South Africa While Cape Town is not at its weather peak in June through August , popular restaurants stay packed with travelers looking to bookend a South African safari with an urban jaunt . Among the culture capital 's latest offerings , chef Bruce Robertson , formerly of Cape Grace and the Showroom Restaurant in Cape Town , now hosts bespoke dining experiences -- a five-course , seafood-focused menu paired with South African wines -- at the intimate Boat House in Scarborough just outside of the city . Colorado Dining also heads outdoors in Colorado , where crisp , dry air and 75-degree days invite foraging excursions and food festivals . Here , cozy lodges ' winter comfort foods and après-ski hot toddies have given way to farmers ' markets and restaurants with sprawling terraces . Brooklyn , New York Restaurant access alone is what defines summer dining to many New Yorkers . In Brooklyn , where up-and-coming restaurants are overrun by travelers in fall and spring months , hotter temps mean saying goodbye to tourists and finally getting seated at popular restaurants such as Battersby and Runner & Stone . Dubai No matter what the season , you might still get denied entry to Dubai restaurants such as At.mosphere , the world 's tallest at 1,350 feet , where doormen ask for a reservation code . With a $ 122 per person minimum , rejection might be a blessing in sleek disguise -- and there are plenty of other posh options to choose from in the Middle Eastern culture capital . See more top summer food destinations here . © 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Croatia 's 1,390-square-mile northern peninsula is known for its freshly caught seafood In farm-to-table focused Oregon , foodies hone in on heirloom tomatoes Restaurant access alone defines summer dining to many New Yorkers
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The younger son of political activist Aung San Suu Kyi left Myanmar Tuesday after a long-awaited visit with his mother , from whom he 'd been separated for a decade . Kim Aris was seen arriving back in Bangkok , Thailand , later in the day . Aris had been in Myanmar for a little more than two weeks visiting with his mother . He last saw his Nobel Peace Laureate mother in 2000 , when he spent about two weeks with her , according to one of her attorneys . Suu Kyi was released from house arrest on November 13 , after spending most of the past 20 years under house arrest or in prison . Suu Kyi release came after national elections in Myanmar . Suu Kyi and her National League for Democracy party boycotted the November 7 elections , faulting the country 's ruling military junta . Before the election , the regime had enacted a new law that forced the Suu Kyi 's party to choose between honoring her as its leader and risking the party being declared illegal , or ejecting Suu Kyi from the party and contesting the elections . Generals in Myanmar refused to allow international monitors to oversee the elections and overhauled Myanmar 's constitution in a way critics say is aimed at tightening the regime 's grip . The constitution now requires more than 100 military nominees in parliament . Myanmar , also known as Burma , has been under military rule since 1962 . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Suu Kyi was released from house arrest on November 13 They had been separated for a decade The political activist has spent most of the past 20 years under house arrest or in prison
A Kentucky pastor who starred in a reality show about snake-handling in church has died -- of a snakebite . Jamie Coots died Saturday evening after refusing to be treated , Middlesboro police said . On "  Snake Salvation , " the ardent Pentecostal believer said that he believed that a passage in the Bible suggests poisonous snakebites will not harm believers as long as they are anointed by God . The practice is illegal in most states , but still goes on , primarily in the rural South . Coots was a third-generation "  serpent handler " and aspired to one day pass the practice and his church , Full Gospel Tabernacle in Jesus Name , on to his adult son , Little Cody . The National Geographic show featured Coots and cast handling all kinds of poisonous snakes -- copperheads , rattlers , cottonmouths . The channel 's website shows a picture of Coots , goateed , wearing a fedora . "  Even after losing half of his finger to a snake bite and seeing others die from bites during services , " Coots "  still believes he must take up serpents and follow the Holiness faith , " the website says . A faithful death : Why a snake handler refused treatment On Sunday , National Geographic Channels spokeswoman Stephanie Montgomery sent CNN this statement : "  In following Pastor Coots for our series Snake Salvation , we were constantly struck by his devout religious convictions despite the health and legal peril he often faced . "  Those risks were always worth it to him and his congregants as a means to demonstrate their unwavering faith . We were honored to be allowed such unique access to Pastor Jamie and his congregation during the course of our show , and give context to his method of worship . Our thoughts are with his family at this difficult time . " In February 2013 , Coots was given one year of probation for crossing into Tennessee with venomous snakes . He was previously arrested in 2008 for keeping 74 snakes in his home , according to National Geographic . Tennessee banned snake handling in 1947 after five people were bitten in churches over two years ' time , the channel says on the show site . On one episode , Coots , who collected snakes , is shown trying to wrest a Western diamondback out of its nook under a rock deep in East Texas . He 's wearing a cowboy hat and a T-shirt that says "  The answer to Y2K - JESUS . " The pastor is helped by his son and a couple of church members . "  He 'll give up , just sooner or later , " one of the members says . "  Just be careful . Ease him out . " The group bags two snakes , which a disappointed Coots says hardly justifies the trip to Texas . "  Catching two snakes the first day , ` course we 'd hoped for more , " Coots says in the video . "  We knew that the next day we was gon na have to try to hunt harder and hope for more snakes . " Death of snake handling preacher shines light on lethal Appalachian tradition Pastor dances with venomous snakes People we lost in 2014	Star of "  Snake Salvation " has died of venomous snakebite Pentecostal Pastor Jamie Coots believes that God protects against venomous snakebites Coots refused treatment for the bite , authorities said
CNN  -- The Chinese-French painter Zao Wou-ki once told me that painting expresses the thoughts we struggle to put into words . Faced with this challenge , "  It 's easier to learn English ! " he joked , his wit shining through , even though Alzheimer 's disease had already begun its slow , relentless onslaught on his mind . Zao , widely regarded as one of the foremost Chinese contemporary painters of the 20th century , passed away at his home in Switzerland on Tuesday at the age of 93 . Born in Beijing in 1920 , he formed part of the second generation of Chinese artists to turn westward in their search for inspiration . Encouraged by the French-educated Chinese artist Lin Fengmian , his teacher at the prestigious Hangzhou National College of Art  today the China Academy of Art  , he relocated to Paris in 1948 . Although he did not know it at the time , the move would be permanent , due in part to the rapidly changing political situation in China . Apart from brief trips abroad , Zao would remain in France until the year before his death , one of the few Chinese artists from his generation to emigrate to Europe . Embraced by France , he was elected to the prestigious Academie des Beaux Arts society in 2002 and received the Legion of Honor in 2006 from then-president Jacques Chirac . For Zao and his contemporaries , Paris represented the source of modern art . Living there meant direct access to the paintings that he had until then only encountered as black-and-white reproductions in art magazines . An oil painter by vocation , he immersed himself in the riches that surrounded him -- heading directly to the Louvre on the very day he arrived in the city . Meanwhile , with the assistance of his friend and mentor , noted poet and painter Henri Michaux , and blessed with the warm charm and wit that would impress me decades later , Zao cultivated an extensive circle of fellow artists and cultural figures . In just a few years , he established himself as an integral member of the postwar French art world . Zao worked hard to find his artistic voice . At first he made a determined effort to distance himself from ink painting -- the medium most closely associated with the Chinese painting tradition -- and subject matter that might be construed as overtly Chinese . He wished to be appreciated on his own merits and not to fall victim to stereotype . His breakthrough , however , came with his 1954 masterpiece "  Wind , " a painting that was both his first purely abstract work and a return to his origins : the inky black forms rising in two wavering columns are abstractions of oracle bone characters -- the most ancient of Chinese scripts . In the decades that followed , Zao committed himself fully to abstract painting , rarely using even figurative titles after 1959 . Instead , he titled his works with their date of completion , marking their entry into the world . The lyrical qualities that defined him as an artist appeared early on , first in his oil paintings and later in his ink paintings , after his reengagement with the medium in the early 1970s : oscillating planes of color , light , and shade met , collided , and diverged , skidding across the surface of his works . The apparent disorder of his paintings concealed an underlying structure , sometimes described as Daoist in nature , which bore striking parallels to a similar balance between order and chaos found in Chinese traditional painting . In Zao 's case , this phenomenon is perhaps best understood as a self-statement : the artist 's insistence on his personal and aesthetic identity in the face of the vagaries of borders and time . Zao 's given name , "  Wou-ki "  or "  Wuji " in the standard Hanyu Pinyin romanization used in China  , means "  no boundaries . " No single phrase better encapsulates the union in his person and art of the two often disparate cultures and aesthetic visions of France and China . "  French thought and Chinese thought are not the same , " he told me . "  It 's hard to translate between them . Sometimes you must wear yourself out trying to understand . Painting must express these feelings . " An artist friend once asked about my research . Hearing that I studied Zao Wou-ki , he grew suddenly pensive . "  Zao Wou-ki , " he mused , "  his work is n't representative of either Chinese or French art . " "  Yes , " I answered . "  He represents himself , and that is enough . "	Chinese-French painter Zao Wou-ki died Tuesday at age 93 Zao was regarded as one of foremost Chinese contemporary painters of the 20th century Zao was uniquely able to combine cultures , aesthetic visions of France and China in his work
Nicole Uvieghara is only 18 , but that 's old enough to remember the good old days on Facebook . "  I used to log in to Facebook every day , " said Uvieghara , a Murrieta , California , native and freshman at Arizona State University . "  Now , I go , like , once a week . On my news feed , I rarely see posts from my friends and I have not posted things on my wall in the past year . " Her experience is n't unusual . Teens are cooling on Facebook , a trend suggested by recent research and acknowledged , this week by Facebook itself . The shift was confirmed time and time again in e-mail and phone interviews with dozens of teens and their parents in CNN 's reporting of this story . While the social-networking juggernaut continues to chug along among adults , boasting more than 1 billion active users , younger users are flocking to newer , and arguably hipper , networking tools . Sherman Watson of San Francisco said he 's noticed a dip in Facebook use by both his 18-year-old son and the younger employees at the retail store he manages . "  I think his generation , and definitely the younger ones , view Facebook as boorish and -- let 's face it -- something that their parents use , " Watson wrote in response to a Facebook post seeking thoughts on the issue . "  Funny how history repeats itself in this regard . " Instead , he said , mobile apps like Facebook-owned Instagram , and Vine , Twitter 's video tool , are where teens increasingly go to share . For the first time this week , Facebook confirmed the trend is real . "  We did see a decrease in  teenage  daily users , especially younger teens , " Facebook Chief Financial Officer David Ebersman said Wednesday during a quarterly earnings call . It was just months ago that Ebersman called the decline of teens using Facebook an "  urban legend , " saying they were active on more sites , but not cutting back on their Facebook visits . CEO Mark Zuckerberg added that it "  just is n't true " that Facebook has a teen problem . But even then , there were signs of a slide . In May , a survey by the Pew Internet & American Life Project included focus groups with teens who said their enthusiasm for Facebook had waned . They cited the increasing presence of adults on the site , as well as stressful "  drama " among friends . The survey showed use of Twitter among teens jumping from 11 % to 26 % between 2011 and 2012 . Teen Facebook use , on the other hand , remained essentially flat .  Albeit at a massive 93-94 %  . Instagram use , which was n't measured in the 2011 survey , was at 11 % in last year 's . Most teens in the focus groups said they kept their Facebook pages , but had migrated to new tools and sites for most of their activity . That sounds about right to Alex Hager , 16 , a high school junior in Darien , Connecticut . He said the rise of new networks -- video-clip app Snapchat and messaging tool KiK are other popular choices -- has met a desire among his peers who would rather communicate directly than broadcast to hundreds of Facebook friends . "  Everybody was Facebook friends with everybody in my grade , regardless of how well they knew each other , " he said . "  This meant that whenever somebody publicly interacted with somebody else in your grade , you would see it instantly . " Now he 'll post things like the YouTube videos he and some friends make about his school 's sports teams to the site , but said "  I rarely ever use Facebook to post statuses or photos anymore . " While Facebook has downplayed the importance of the trend , the site simultaneously appears to be taking steps to address it . Earlier this month , Facebook changed privacy settings for teens , allowing them for the first time to make their profiles public . Teens may now also turn on the site 's "  Follow " feature , which allows people to view their posts whether the teen has accepted a friend request from them or not . Teens who join the site will still have their settings default to "  Friends Only " and , if they switch to public , they will get pop-up warnings explaining what having a public profile means . The public nature of Twitter has been appealing , teens say , because they can build bigger followings and interact with people up to and including their favorite celebrities . The same goes for other apps . "  It makes you feel relevant and wanted because of the number of followers a person can have and the likes you can have on your photos , " Uvieghara said , describing Instagram . She said she does n't think her Facebook use will ever pick back up . Hager , meanwhile , was n't so sure . His thoughts might provide a ray of hope for Facebook . Because , given enough time , the teens who are fleeing Facebook become the adults who still flock to it . "  I hope that my peers continue to use Facebook in the future , " he said . "  It will be a valuable means of staying in touch as we move on to college and careers . "	Facebook acknowledges that teen users are becoming less active on the site Newer social tools like Snapchat , Instagram and Vine are picking up steam instead Surveyed teens said "  drama " and the presence of adults have cooled them to Facebook But teens who do n't use Facebook as much do n't close their accounts
CNN  -- Consumers who bought "  Caylee Sunshine " dolls and Michael Vick dog toys were misled into believing that a portion of their purchases would go to charity , according to a lawsuit filed this week . The "  Caylee Sunshine " doll cost $ 29.99 before Showbiz Promotions halted its production . The Florida Attorney General 's Office filed a lawsuit Thursday against Showbiz Promotions and its owner , Jaime Salcedo , seeking $ 10,000 in penalties for each violation under the state 's Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act . But Salcedo denies the allegations , saying he has been trying to resolve the disputes and compensate charitable organizations . The Jacksonville-based entrepreneur claims he has been working with the attorney general 's office for more than one year to settle the issue . The suit also asks that Salcedo stop running the Web site , www.cayleedoll.com , his short-lived vehicle for selling dolls that critics said were modeled after slain Florida toddler Caylee Anthony . Salcedo says the doll was not meant to be Caylee , but rather a tribute to her memory . The dispute began with the attorney general 's investigation into complaints about dog chew toys in the likeness of suspended NFL star Michael Vick , who is serving a federal prison sentence for his role in a dogfighting operation . Consumers said they ordered and paid for merchandise from the company but did not receive the items , according to the lawsuit . The lawsuit also claims that Showbiz Promotions told consumers that a portion of the proceeds would go to local animal shelters , another promise Salcedo allegedly never made good on . "  Defendant Salcedo began cooperating with the Attorney General and made attempts to either make delivery on consumer orders for the Vick Dog Chew Toy or to provide refunds . However , numerous consumer complaints remain unresolved , " the complaint alleges . But Salcedo claims the scope of the damage is less extensive . Of 200 complaints that he says the attorney general 's office received , all but 10 were resolved . "  Those people purchased on PayPal , so the only way I had to get in touch was going though e-mail . If they do n't respond , then I ca n't help them , " he said in a telephone interview Friday . Salcedo also insists that his company made donations to animal shelters in forms of merchandise , including Vick chew toys , T-shirts and hats . "  They 'd rather have $ 100 in toys because they can sell them or auction them off , " he said . "  We said they could have either and every time they said they wanted the toys . " The suit also addresses Salcedo 's promotion of the Caylee Sunshine Doll and other members of the Sunshine Doll Collection , including Gracie Sunshine and Hope Sunshine . The dolls set off a firestorm of controversy with its launch in January , drawing allegations that Showbiz Promotions was attempting to profit off the death of Caylee Anthony , whose mother is facing trial for her murder . Members of the public , media pundits and the Anthony family called for production of the dolls to be halted . One month later , Showbiz Promotions pulled the plug on the Sunshine Collection , citing high manufacturing costs and tepid consumer response . The company had fulfilled just five orders and provided refunds for 20 , according to Salcedo . The lawsuit alleges that the product 's Web site , www.cayleedoll.com , falsely claimed that "  100 % of the profits " from the Sunshine Doll Collection would go to charity , accusing Salcedo of fabricating a donation receipt and posting it on the site so visitors could view "  the first donation " made to charity . The receipt -- a purported screen grab from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children 's Web site -- shows an "  online credit card donation confirmation " for $ 5,000 in the name of Showbiz Promotions , according to the lawsuit . Salcedo says he never posted any such image on the site . The alleged receipt is attached as an exhibit to the lawsuit , along with another purported receipt in Salcedo 's name that the attorney general 's office says is the only existing NCMEC donation associated with Salcedo or Showbiz Promotions . See exhibits attached to the lawsuit "  The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children confirmed that their records showed that a donation was made by Jaime Salcedo on March 12 , 2009 at -LSB- 5:28 p.m. -RSB- in the amount of $ 10 , " the lawsuit states . "  The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children confirmed that they had no record of a donation from Showbiz Promotions in any amount or any additional donation from Jaime Salcedo . " Salcedo insists that the receipt for $ 5,000 is not real -- and says his company had nothing to do with it . "  They 're saying this was posted on our Web site and clearly it was not . That is clearly something that someone made and sent to them and they 're jumping the gun , " he said . Furthermore , he does not deny making a $ 10 donation to NCMEC out of his own pocket . "  We had nothing left to give to charity apart from what I give every year , which is $ 10 , " he said . "  If giving $ 10 every year to charity is a crime , then I 'm guilty . "	Showbiz Promotions and its owner accused of misleading consumers Florida Attorney General 's Office : Company never gave portion of sales to charity Owner Jaime Salcedo accused of fabricating donation receipt to trick customers Salcedo denies allegations , says he did everything possible to resolve dispute
CNN  -- Naming your baby is the first major decision you make for your babe , but how do you choose ? Here , we share the baby names Parenting.com readers searched for most in 2012 and the baby name trends we 'll be seeing in 2013 . Top 10 Searched Baby Girl Names : 1 . Isabella 2 . Millie 3 . Sookie 4 . Ann 5 . Ella 6 . Betty 7 . Ellie 8 . Emma 9 . Eithne 10 . Charlotte Top 10 Searched Baby Boy Names : 1 . Jacob 2 . Max 3 . Liam 4 . Ted 5 . Mo 6 . Aiden 7 . Andy 8 . Bertie 9 . Ned 10 . Gus Top picks Isabella  Italian , God 's oath  and Jacob  Hebrew , supplanter , substitute  were the top baby names in 2011 , and these classic names wo n't soon lose their appeal . But there 's a new name in second place on the girls ' list : Millie  English , short of Millicent , Amelia , Camilla , Mildred  , which ranked eighth last year . Max  Latin , short for Maximillan , Maxwell  , the rising star in boys ' names , was in second place again this year and has become a celeb darling , chosen by Christina Aguilera and Jennifer Lopez . Parenting.com : The ultimate baby name guide Golden oldies Names that you 'd likely find in a retirement home are coming back , proving our grandparents , or at least their names , are still pretty cool . With Millie in second place for girls , accompanied by Ann , Ellie  English , short for Eleanor , Ellen Elaine  and Betty  English , short for Elizabeth  , spunky grandma names are making a stylish comeback . Grandpa names are back , too , with Max , Ted  Greek , short for Theodore , Edward  , Mo  English , short for Moses  , Bertie and Gus  Latin , short for Augustus , Gustave , Angus  all in the top ten names for boys . And one of the most popular baby name lists this year ? Grandparents ' Names that are Cool Again . Parenting.com : Unique baby names Royal baby name fever If the 2011 royal wedding had an effect on baby name trends , with both Kate  English , pure  and William  English , German , protector  skyrocketing in popularity last year , then the yet-to-be-named royal baby certainly will make its mark . For a girl , many speculate the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will go with Diana  Latin , divine  ; for a boy , they could potentially choose from one of William 's names  his full name : William Arthur Philip Louis  . Parenting.com : Most popular girl names While the birth of a royal baby will power a surge in English name popularity , Irish names are also enjoying a comeback . Unique Eithne was a top ten girl name and Aiden  Irish , fiery  and Liam  Irish , short for William  were favorites for boys . The lyrical , storied qualities of these names make them soulful picks . Parenting.com : Top boy baby names Celebrity baby names : Places and colors Three celebs have chosen geographically inspired names for their kids . Reese Witherspoon named her third child , a boy , Tennessee  Cherokee , mighty warrior  in a nod to her home state . Alicia Keys and Mariah Carey each choose African country names for their sons : Egypt and Morocco , respectively . Kristin Cavallari and Vanessa Lachey may have crowned the new celeb boy "  it " name with Camden  Scottish , winding valley  ; each new mom chose it for their son , and its evocation of the hipster London neighborhood makes it an edgy pick . Celebs also looked to colors for baby name inspiration . Two new celeb moms went serene with blue : Beyonce with Blue Ivy for her daughter , and Alicia Silverstone with Blu as a middle name for her son Bear . Drew Barrymore picked Olive  Latin , olive tree  for her daughter , a shorter , quirkier alternative to the popular Olivia . We tip our hat to Jennifer Garner for starting this trend when she named her firstborn sweet , sassy Violet  Latin , purple flower  . Opinion : Where have you gone Nancy and Joe ? Elegant girl names Feminine names have risen in popularity since 2009 , and their mass appeal will keep them in favor for a while . The top ten baby girl names list was peppered with beauties like Isabella , Ella  English , beautiful fairy  , Emma  German , universal  and Charlotte  English , strong  . In 2013 , expect to see some pithy alternatives that take the ultra-girly edge off , like Ellie instead of Ella . Short and sweet Many of the top baby names have one thing in common : they 're three or four letters long . One of readers ' top searches was for one-syllable baby names , meaning new parents may be giving formal names the boot ; think Ted instead of Theodore  Greek , gift of God  and Andy in lieu of Andrew  Greek , strong and manly  . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Top baby names searched on Parenting.com include Isabella and Jacob Grandparentish names like Betty and Gus are still pretty cool English and Irish names are capitalizing on Royal baby name fever
New York  CNN  -- A Bosnian immigrant accused of plotting to bomb New York 's subway system as an "  al Qaeda terrorist " has been found guilty on all counts , including conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction , conspiracy to commit murder and supporting a foreign terrorist organization . Adis Medunjanin , wearing a black suit with a gray shirt and tie , gazed at family members as the verdict was read aloud in court Tuesday . His sentencing is scheduled for September 7 . "  I want to commend prosecutors for the conviction of Adis Medunjanin , " Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . "  His conviction stands as a stark reminder of terrorists ' desire long after 9/11 to return to the city to kill more New Yorkers . " During the trial , prosecutors said Medunjanin traveled to Pakistan 's tribal region with two high school friends , Pakistani-born Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay , an immigrant from Afghanistan . His friends have pleaded guilty to planning the attack with Medunjanin , testified against him and are awaiting sentencing . Prosecutors said Medunjanin sought to join the Taliban , but ended up being recruited by al Qaeda to perform a suicide mission back in the United States . Upon their return , Medunjanin and his two friends hatched a plan to rig backpacks with explosives and blow them up , prosecutors said . "  As this case has proved , working against sophisticated terrorist organizations and against the clock , our law enforcement and intelligence agencies can detect , disrupt and destroy terrorist cells before they strike , saving countless innocent lives , " U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said in a statement on the verdict . Robert Gottlieb , Medunjanin 's attorney , said his client "  was always realistic about the environment in which the case was tried , " referring to U.S. court proceedings in a post-9 / 11 America . Gottlieb added that Medujanin told him , "  Tell my family to be strong . " In closing arguments last week , Assistant U.S. Attorney Berit Berger said the defendant was willing "  to strap a suicide bomb to himself , walk into a New York City subway and blow it up . " Berger told jurors that al Qaeda leaders assigned the mission to Medunjanin in 2008 , while he was in Pakistan 's tribal region with his friends . Gottlieb had denied that account , insisting that his client traveled there "  not to join al Qaeda but to join the Taliban in fighting foreign troops in Afghanistan . " He said Medunjanin wanted to join the Taliban to stand up for Muslims and defend Islam , calling all three young men "  immature , naive and clueless " when they set out . "  They wanted to fulfill some romantic version of jihad , " Gottlieb said .	Sentencing for Adis Medunjanin is set for September 7 Prosecutors said Medunjanin traveled to Pakistan 's tribal region with two friends His attorney said his client went to Pakistan "  not to join al Qaeda , but to join the Taliban "
CNN  -- "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " follows the life of Cecil Gaines , an African-American butler who serves in the White House under eight presidencies . Inspired by real-life butler Eugene Allen , Gaines  played by Forest Whitaker  witnesses the rise of the civil rights movement , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's assassination , Vietnam and the election of the Barack Obama , all while simultaneously balancing the highs and lows of his family life . Tracing the evolution of 20th century American society through the lens of one man 's life , this passion project from director Lee Daniels and screenwriter Danny Strong drew Hollywood 's top talent . Along with Whitaker -- Oprah Winfrey , David Oyelowo , Cuba Gooding Jr. , Lenny Kravitz , Mariah Carey , Terrence Howard , James Marsden , Robin Williams and more signed on to the film . The star-studded cast opened up to CNN about what it took to make one of summer 's most buzzed about movies , and revealed the behind-the-scenes secrets on the set of "  The Butler . " Set secret No. 1 : Lee Daniels despises his name in the film 's title Following an extensive battle with the MPAA over the movie 's original title "  The Butler , " also the name of a 1916 short , Lee Daniels reluctantly agreed to differentiate his film by using the title "  Lee Daniels ' the Butler . " Yet the director admits he does n't like seeing his name on the marquee , and says the title change broke his heart . "  I do work for kids that are impoverished , that come from where I come from , which is the projects , and I do n't want them to feel that your name is more important than your work , " Daniels said . "  I do n't feel comfortable with it . I do n't feel like I 'm Martin Scorsese , or Quentin Tarantino . I 'm just a filmmaker trying to tell a story . " Set secret No. 2 : Cuba Gooding Jr. was up for the role of Cecil Gaines Cuba Gooding Jr. once eyed the role of leading man Cecil Gaines , and even did a screen test for the part before Forest Whitaker was cast as the butler . "  But after watching the movie , " Gooding Jr. said , "  I could not picture anybody else other than Forest Whitaker . " Set secret No. 3 : Terrence Howard avoided looking ` too pretty ' by removing a fake tooth Daniels wanted to cast his pal Terrence Howard in "  The Butler , " but thought he was "  too pretty " for the role of Gaines ' feisty neighbor . That is , until Howard removed a fake tooth he 's had for 25 years to toughen up for the part . "  Lee called me and he was like , ` TT , I 'm having trouble . I want to put you in this movie , but I ca n't now . There 's this one character left but you 're too pretty for him . I do n't know what to do ! ' " Howard recalled . "  And he 's like , ` Can we cut your hair off or maybe give you an eye patch or a scar or something ? ' And I was like , ` You know what , I got a crown on this front tooth , you know , I can take that out . ' He 's like , ` Do n't you do it ! Do n't you do it ! ... I 'll set up a dentist appointment right away ! ' " Set secret No. 4 : Cuba Gooding Jr. jumped into a pool sans swimsuit at a ` Butler ' kick-off party Daniels says his lips are sealed about many of the behind-the-scenes moments on the set of "  The Butler . " Yet he does indulge in one story about a raucous launch party . "  Cuba , Cuba ... " Daniels reminisced . "  At our opening party for the cast , Oprah was there and everybody was there , and Cuba decided to jump into the pool naked . Let 's just say that was the beginning of "  The Butler . " Oh , "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler . " Set secret No. 5 : Oprah Winfrey took Daniels ' direction with a smile ... until he asked her to get into her underwear Daniels said he felt very protective of Oprah Winfrey on the set , as she readily took his direction and allowed herself to become vulnerable . But the duo did clash once : when Daniels asked the Big O to bare it all . "  I had her in her bra and panties , " Daniels said . "  She was like ` No ! ' And I said ` Oh , OK . ' I would have fought her on it , but the only reason why I did n't is because it was a PG-13 movie . ` You win . ' " Set secret No. 6 : Terrence Howard thinks he and Oprah have chemistry Terrence Howard and Oprah Winfrey share a hot and heavy scene in "  The Butler , " and Howard brags they teamed up well on screen because they have chemistry in real life too . Making out with Oprah , he said , is "  the greatest dream for any man . A guy can get the prom queen , but to get Miss America or get Miss Universe ? That 's the notch in the belt . " But really , he insists , "  She was into me ! She had to approve me in that role . You 're not going to pick somebody to kiss and have a closeness like that with , that you do n't have a potential attraction for ! " Set secret No. 7 : James Marsden faced incredible pressure to get his JFK accent right To prep for the enormous task of playing John F. Kennedy , James Marsden kept podcasts of the president 's iconic speeches on his iPod , which he listened to as he went to sleep . The actor said getting the accent right was crucial in accurately portraying Kennedy . "  That was a really defining part of Jack : his accent , " Marsden said . "  It was n't necessarily Boston -- it was a little bit of New York , it was all these things mixed in . It was the Kennedy accent . And I knew that was going to be the barometer by which you 're measured . And then beyond that you just hope to bring something else that you might not have ever seen -- capture sort of his essence , his intelligence , his charm . But I knew that all those other pieces would not have fallen into place if you did not have the accent . " Set secret No. 8 : Yaya Alafia nearly vomited after being spit on during a dinner sit-in scene When Yaya Alafia played a black college student engaged in a sit-in at an all-white lunch counter , she was actually spit on by another actress during filming . Alafia reveals she had an overwhelming reaction to the degradation . "  The things that happen in the body when something like that happens in real life happened on set . You 're acting , it 's make believe , but the lines get blurry in scenes like that . Especially when you 're using real saliva , " Alafia said . "  I actually had to jump up after cut , run out to the street and get some fresh air . I thought I was gon na vomit . I just gagged a bunch and washed my face probably four times . It took a while energetically to cleanse as well . But it was always great to remind ourselves as difficult as this was , it was nothing compared to the people that really sat at these lunch counters and endured this time and again , and again , and again . They could n't go back to their hotel rooms and just shake it off . There was no cut . " Set secret No. 9 : Forest Whitaker referenced high-profile news stories to play Cecil Gaines Whitaker said he examined today 's racially charged cases , and internalized these stories , to get better into the mindset of his character . "  I had to take this whole shape of history and make it a part of myself personally , " Whitaker said . "  To be able to take these experiences we 're experiencing today ; what people are feeling about Trayvon Martin or Oscar Grant . These things are affecting people and they 're affecting their lives and their souls . We have to remember when you talk about ` The Butler , ' we 're talking about the civil rights movement , which is continuing . It 's a living history , it 's not a dead history . " Set secret No. 10 : The movie portrays a first in Hollywood history While "  Lee Daniels ' the Butler " chronicles the evolution of the civil rights movement throughout the 20th century , it is also a story about family . With the film , screenwriter Danny Strong strove to portray African-American families in a way that Hollywood has historically ignored . "  We do n't  usually  see the black family in this situation ; intact and loving and talking , and being . We do n't see that on the screen , " Strong said . "  I had a moment with Lee in the editing room ; we were watching the scene where they send Louis  David Oyelowo  away to college and he turned to me and said , ` Never in the history of cinema has there been a scene of a black family sending their kid off to college . ' He said , ` You should be really proud of yourself . ' And I started to tear up . " CNN 's Nischelle Turner contributed to this report	Director Lee Daniels wishes his name were n't in the movie 's title Cuba Gooding Jr. auditioned for Forest Whitaker 's role Oprah Winfrey refused to film a scene in her underwear ` Lee Daniels ' The Butler ' opens August 16
CNN  -- Three coalition service members died after a suicide attack Friday in the Afghan capital of Kabul , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . The NAT0-led force said the suicide strike was carried out with a vehicle-borne improvised explosive device . The nationalities of the service members were not immediately available . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . The attack comes two days after two rounds of "  indirect fire " struck the U.S. Embassy compound in Kabul , the embassy said . No one was injured in the Wednesday incident . A claim of responsibility was posted on the Taliban 's official website . The violence is occurring during an important juncture in U.S.-Afghan relations . The two countries are working on an important security pact . The deal will lay out the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan after 2014 when the NATO-led force of some 80,000 troops is scheduled to leave . This month , U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel was in Afghanistan and said the security pact will be agreed upon despite a failure so far to forge a deal .	Strike was carried out with a vehicle-borne improvised explosive device The nationalities of the service members were not immediately available "  Indirect fire " struck the U.S. Embassy in Kabul earlier this week The United States and Afghanistan are working on a security pact
CNN  -- A judge has ordered that accused Colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes undergo an additional sanity examination , saying there was good cause to believe previous testing was "  incomplete and inadequate , " according to a ruling issued Wednesday . Arapahoe County District Judge Carlos Samour Jr. ordered Holmes to undergo an independent exam by the Colorado Mental Health Institute in Pueblo by early March , and the report must be filed by July 14 . Samour further ruled the new examiner may not take into account any mitigating factors that are identified in the state 's death penalty statutes . Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against Holmes , who is accused of opening fire in a packed movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , during a July 2012 midnight showing of the latest Batman installment , "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Authorities have said Holmes was dressed head to toe in protective gear . Holmes allegedly threw tear-gas canisters in the theater and then opened fire on the patrons , according to witnesses . Police say he used several weapons , including an AR-15 rifle , before fleeing the theater . Outside the theater , the shooter was apprehended , identifying himself to police as "  The Joker , " one of Batman 's archenemies . Holmes faces 166 charges in the rampage that left 12 people dead and dozens more wounded . Holmes was a neuroscience doctoral student at the University of Colorado 's Anschutz Medical Campus until the month before the attack ; prosecutors have argued that he began plotting his attack while still enrolled . The defense , meanwhile , appears to be focused not so much on what Holmes allegedly did that night but his mental state then and earlier . A psychiatrist who treated him had warned campus police at the University of Colorado how dangerous he was , prompting them to deactivate his college ID to prevent him from passing through any locked doors , according to court documents .	District Judge Carlos Samour Jr. ruled James Holmes must undergo a new exam Defense attorneys claim Holmes is not guilty by reason of insanity Holmes is charged with opening fire in movie theater , killing 12 people
CNN  -- Salwa Salah was 16 years old when she was arrested by Israeli forces and jailed for seven months . Israeli court minutes said Salwa Salah , 16 , had been involved in "  planning military operations . " To this day she says she does not know her crime and is struggling to get her life back on track . She was released shortly before her final school exams but was unable to catch up and now has to re-sit before she can go to university . Salah was held under administrative detention - detention without charge or trial . It is legal under international law which permits its use only in exceptional cases to protect the security of a state . But human rights groups say Israel abuses this right . A report released Wednesday by human rights groups B'Tselem and HaMoked has called on Israel to release the detainees or charge them . They say there are currently 335 Palestinians being held under administrative detention , three of them women , one a minor . When asked about Salah 's case , Israeli prosecutors gave CNN the court minutes which read , "  It has been shown that the prisoner was involved in planning military operations very close to the time that she was detained . " Watch more about the story " Salah insists she is a schoolgirl and not a terrorist but no further information was given to her lawyer . Much of the evidence in these cases remains secret . Sahar Francis , a lawyer from Ademeer human rights association said : "  It is submitted to the military judge and me as a lawyer . I do n't have access to this file so actually I ca n't defend my clients properly since I do n't know what the exact suspicion against my client is . " Talking to CNN about her incarceration , Salah said the prison conditions were fit only for animals and she found her time inside psychologically hard . "  The prisoner does not know if he or she is going to be released or not , " she said . "  So sitting in a prison confused and weary asking ` am I going to be released ? ' You are distorted by this one question . " Israel says administrative detention is a valuable pre-emptive tool in its ongoing war on terrorism and often evidence can not be made public . Lt. Col Maurice Hirsch , Israeli prosecutor , said : "  Most of the evidence is not shown to the detainee but rather is kept a secret in order to protect the lives of the people that provide the information and the technological means by which the information is acquired . " The al-Hidmi family has found itself on the wrong side of administrative detention for many years . One son Islam , 20 , was held for twenty one months without charge or trial . Two months ago there was an emotional homecoming for Islam , his mother had not seen him since his arrest . Two weeks ago , Islam was arrested again , again without charge . Islam 's brother , Wa'ad is also in prison . Held since April 2008 from the age of 16 , his administrative detention has been renewed six times . His father Arafat al-Hidmi tells CNN , "  They arrested him and said this is an administrative detention meaning his file is secret and no-one can look at it except the Israelis . " His mother , Fawzia al-Hidmi says of her 18 year old son , "  I want my son here so he can do his exams and I can be proud like everyone else who celebrated their children 's graduation . " Both sons had previously been charged with throwing stones at Israeli troops and affiliation with Islamic Jihad . "  The default should always be towards trial and punishment , " said Mark Ellis of the International Bar Association . "  These types of administrative detention can never be a substitute for punishment and trials . Based on the numbers of individuals detained , the Israeli military appears to be using it as the default and that is what makes it in my opinion illegal under international standards . "	B'Tselem , HaMoked call on Israel to release the detainees or charge them Rights groups say 335 Palestinians being held under administrative detention Detention without charge or trial legal only in cases of national security Israel says this is a valuable pre-emptive tool in its ongoing war on terrorism
CNN  The U.S. Navy is getting ready to "  swarm " its adversaries . The Office of Naval Research over the weekend released video of tests conducted in August that showed five "  drone " boats swarming a vessel that posed a threat to a Navy ship . "  The U.S. Navy is unleashing a new era in advanced ship protection , " the service says in the video . Controlled by what the Navy calls Control Architecture for Robotic Agent Command and Sensing  CARACaS  , a sensor and software kit that is transferable among small vessels , a fleet of more than a dozen small unmanned boats cruise along the James River in Virginia , setting up a protective screen on a Navy research ship . When a threatening vessel is detected , five boats break off to confront it . "  If I was the actual target it would be pretty intimidating to see five boats rushing at me , " Sam Calabrese , pilot of the "  bad guy " vessel , said in the Navy video . One developer likened the robot boats to "  guard dogs " that could swim around a warship and detect threats before they come within striking range . And like dogs , the robot boats actually think for themselves , with their software choosing the best route for each boat to confront a threatening vessel . The drone boats could be armed to fire on adversaries , but fire control would come from a sailor on an accompanying warship . The system also allows the Navy to save money because no special boats have to be built to deploy it . The boats used in the August demonstration came from inventory now carried on Navy warships , the Navy video said . "  Any boat can be fitted with a kit that allows it to operate autonomously and together swarm on any threat , " the video says . The CARACaS software was originally designed for NASA 's Mars rovers , the Navy video says , and adapted for use by small boats . The Navy released the video just a week before the 14th anniversary of the terrorist attack on the destroyer USS Cole in Yemen that killed 17 American sailors . The Cole was attack by a small boat packed with explosives which blew a 40-foot-by-60-foot hole in the side of the destroyer when detonated . It 's the kind of attack Navy officials think a swarm of unmanned surface vessels , or USVs , could prevent without putting any sailors in harm 's way . "  While the attack on Cole was not the only motivation for developing autonomous swarm capability , it certainly is front and center in our minds , and hearts , " Rear Adm. Matthew Klunder , chief of naval research , said in a statement . "  If Cole had been supported by autonomous USVs , they could have stopped that attack long before it got close to our brave men and women on board . " The Navy release says swarmboat capabilities could also play a role in protecting U.S. ports . The U.S. Coast Guard was part of the tests the Navy carried out in August . With the success of the August tests , the system could soon be in use within the Navy 's fleet . "  We believe we will be able to deliver this to the fleet for operational testing within one year , " Peter Vietti , spokesman for the Office of Naval Research , said Monday .	Small , unmanned boats could act as "  guard dogs " for Navy warships Unmanned boats choose their own course to confront threatening vessels Navy says unmanned boats could prevent attacks like one that killed 17 aboard USS Cole System uses technology developed by NASA for Mars Rover
CNN  -- The FBI is offering a reward in its search for the wife of an 88-year-old Georgia man who was found decapitated . It will pay "  up to $ 20,000 for information leading to the location of Shirley Wilcox Dermond and/or the arrest of the individual  s  responsible for her disappearance , " Special Agent Stephen Emmett of the FBI 's Atlanta office said Wednesday . Investigators are treating Dermond 's disappearance as an abduction , Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills has said . Investigators believe Russell Dermond of Eatonton , Georgia , was killed between May 2 and May 4 , and they 're still searching for his severed head , Sills told reporters last week . With no breakthrough in the case , authorities are reaching out to commuters . The FBI commissioned at least 100 billboards throughout the state in its search for 87-year-old Shirley Dermond and her husband 's killer . The digital billboards say , "  Missing and in danger , " and include a photo of the gray-haired , blue-eyed Dermond , along with her height , 5 feet 2 inches tall , and weight , 148 pounds . Anyone with information is encouraged to call the FBI 's Atlanta field office at 404-679-9000 or the Putnam County Sheriff 's Office at 706-485-8557 . "  They 're basically running in all corners of the state , " said the Outdoor Advertising Association of Georgia 's executive director , Conner Poe . "  They 'll run once a minute , every minute , 24/7 . " The billboards can be seen as far south as Valdosta , as far east as Brunswick , and as far north as Chattanooga , Tennessee , with 50 in metro Atlanta alone , Poe said . There is no indication that Shirley Demond is a suspect , and there 's "  plenty " to indicate she was taken , Sills said . Her pocketbook , cell phone and vehicle were all at the million-dollar waterfront home . "  I do n't think it 's a random incident . I think for whatever reason these people were singled out for this , " Sills said . "  They live in the most exclusive neighborhood , or one of the most exclusive neighborhoods , in this county . ... They 're on a cul-de-sac in a gated , multimillion-dollar resort community that we have no crime in . " The Dermonds ' friends had n't heard from them in days and went to their home in the lakeside Great Waters community , where they found Russell Dermond 's headless body in the garage . Authorities have searched Lake Oconee in the vicinity of the Dermonds ' home -- turning up only a lawn chair and a Christmas tree -- and sent cadaver dogs into the nearby woods , to no avail , Sills said . Residents described Reynolds Plantation -- a tony resort complex about 75 miles east of Atlanta , which also boasts a Jack Nicklaus signature golf course and a Ritz-Carlton Lodge -- as a safe enclave where people were comfortable leaving their doors unlocked . The 3,300-square-foot home where the Dermonds had lived since 1994 is valued at more than $ 1 million . The Rev. David Key of Lake Oconee Community Church last week said he has known the couple for about eight years and counts them among his church 's 350 attendees . He said he 's "  baffled " as to why anyone would commit such crimes against them . He described the couple of 68 years , who had three adult children , as grounded , "  beloved in the community " and "  sweet as can be . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo , Devon M. Sayers , AnneClaire Stapleton and John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	The FBI offers a reward of up to $ 20,000 Shirley Dermond is missing and in danger ; agencies ask anyone with more details to call Worried friends went to their home in upscale neighborhood , found body in garage Pastor describes parents of three as "  beloved in the community "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Republicans kept the pressure on the president 's Supreme Court pick Friday , pushing the idea that Judge Sonia Sotomayor is an activist judge who will bring a leftist agenda to the bench . Judge Sonia Sotomayor in the White House with Vice President Joseph Biden and President Obama . Meanwhile , the White House tried to soften remarks Sotomayor made in 2001 that have rankled conservatives , who say her assertion that her experiences as a Latina woman might make her judgments more sound than those of a white man brands her as a racist . "  I 'm sure she would have restated it , but if you look at the entire sweep of the essay she wrote , what 's clear is that she was simply saying that her life experiences will give her information about the struggles and hardships that people are going through that will make her a good judge , " President Obama said in an interview with NBC 's Brian Williams . Sotomayor , a U.S. District Court judge who would be the first Hispanic on the Supreme Court if she is confirmed , spoke on her reflections as a Latina judge during a 2001 speech at the University of California-Berkeley Law School . Different perspectives brought on by individual experiences , she said , create a "  diversity of opinion " even within groups , and those perspectives will especially differ from the majority in a white male-dominated society . Pointing out that studies show "  women and people of color ... report in significantly higher percentages than white men that their gender and race has shaped their careers , " Sotomayor said that the idea of "  impartiality is an aspiration because it denies the fact that we are by our experiences making different choices than others . " Thus , she said -- in the remarks that have offended conservatives -- "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " "  Let us not forget that wise men like Oliver Wendell Holmes and Justice -LSB- Benjamin -RSB- Cardozo voted on cases which upheld both sex and race discrimination in our society , " she said . "  Until 1972 , no Supreme Court case ever upheld the claim of a woman in a gender discrimination case . " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said that Sotomayor 's "  word choice in 2001 was poor . " "  She was simply making the point that personal experiences are relevant to the process of judge , " he said , "  that your personal experiences make you have a tendency to make you more aware of certain facts and certain cases , that your experiences impact your understanding . I think we all agree with that and that on a court that is collegial , that it can help others that are trying to wrestle with the facts of those cases . " Gibbs took issue with a former congressman 's comparison of the Hispanic civil rights group that sponsored that speech with the Ku Klux Klan . "  It 's sort of hard to completely quantify the outrage I think almost anybody would feel at the notion that you are being compared to somebody who used to be a member of the Ku Klux Klan , " Gibbs said , referring to remarks made by former Republican Rep. Tom Tancredo , who condemned Sotomayor on CNN Thursday for her membership in the National Council of La Raza , an organization he called "  a Latino KKK without the hoods or the nooses . " On CNN Friday , La Raza president Janet Murguia disputed Tancredo 's statements about the 40-year-old group . The motto , she said , is not "  All for the race , nothing for the rest , " the organization is very much "  mainstream , " the group 's name does not translate to "  the race " as understood in English . Our name has a long history to it , but the bottom line is that words in English and in Spanish , have different meanings , " she said . "  Race in Spanish , la raza in Spanish , has a broader meaning . It means the people , the community . And it really is meant to be a very inclusive term . It comes from the term ` la raza cosmica , ' the cosmic race , which is a very inclusive term . " Sotomayor 's remarks drew charges of racism from former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , radio talker Rush Limbaugh and others , although Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas said such language about the nominee was "  terrible . " And former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay , also of Texas , slammed La Raza and another Hispanic civil rights organization , the League of United Latin American Citizens , as "  a bunch of radical leftists that try to make the world believe that they speak for Hispanics , " but said the debate about Sotomayor 's background "  is racist in itself . " "  I am disgusted that we are considering her nomination because she is Hispanic , " he told CNN . "  She has a world view . She has a judicial temperament . She has a record . And that 's what we ought to be looking at . It 's racist in itself to have this debate . " DeLay add that "  in my mind " Sotomayor is not qualified for a seat at the Supreme Court . "  She 's an activist , " he said . "  She 's a judicial activist , and I 've worked my entire career against judicial activism . And if Obama -- Obama could n't have appointed a more activist judge , and , therefore , I do n't think she 's qualified . I do n't want somebody writing law from the bench . " Most conservatives oppose what they call "  judicial activism , " which they define as enacting legislation through rulings , although it generally refers to reaching beyond the U.S. Constitution to bring rulings in line with contemporary values . Many support a "  strict constructionist " judicial philosophy that requires judges to apply the text of the Constitution as written to the matters at hand , although there are differences of opinion about what the term actually means , even among conservatives . The true opposite of judicial activism , however , is not strict constructionism , but rather judicial restraint , which urges judges to defer to Congress whenever possible .	Republicans kept pressure on Obama 's Supreme Court pick , calling her "  activist " White House sought to soften remarks Sotomayor made in 2001 White House spokesman slams ex-congressman 's comparison of La Raza to KKK Judge 's remarks drew charges of racism from numerous high-profile conservatives
CNN  -- A member of the group dubbed the "  Jena 6 " is facing misdemeanor assault charges after a fight at his Texas high school Wednesday , police said Thursday . Bryant Purvis was arrested after a fight Wednesday at his Texas high school , police said . Bryant Purvis , 19 , was arrested after the incident at Hebron High School in Carrollton , Texas . Carrollton police Sgt. John Singleton told CNN the altercation does not appear to be racially motivated . School officials contacted police about the fight Wednesday morning . An 18-year-old student told authorities two males approached him and asked if he had flattened the tires of "  their homeboy 's " car , according to an affidavit supporting the arrest warrant . The student said he did n't , but the two told him they did n't believe him and walked away . Purvis , he said , approached him from behind immediately afterward , then grabbed him with one hand and began to choke him . "  Purvis continued to choke -LSB- the student -RSB- and told him , ` Do n't you ever mess with my car again , ' " the affidavit said . "  Purvis then pushed his head into the seating area of the bench , " causing the student to strike his left eye , then walked away . The affidavit said that in a written statement , Purvis wrote , "  I walked over to him and grabbed him by his neck , then told him not to mess with my car anymore , then I left . " Police reported the student had marks on his neck and bruising on his eye . A municipal judge set Purvis ' bond at $ 1,000 , and he was transferred to the Denton County Detention Facility , Singleton said . Purvis is one of six former students in Jena , Louisiana , accused of being involved in the beating of a white student . He initially was charged with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy , but charges against him were reduced in November to second-degree aggravated battery . He is awaiting trial in that case . Civil rights leaders Martin Luther King III and Al Sharpton led more than 15,000 marchers to Jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- in September to protest how authorities handled the cases against Purvis and the five others accused in the December 2006 beating of fellow student Justin Barker . After his arraignment in November , Purvis told reporters he had moved to another town to complete high school . E-mail to a friend	Bryant Purvis , 19 , is facing misdemeanor assault charges , police say Fight involving Jena 6 teen does not appear to be racially motivated , official says Purvis allegedly choked a teen who he thought flattened friend 's car tires Teen , whose bond is $ 1,000 , is still awaiting trial in the Jena 6 case
Lady Gaga singing "  If I Ever Lose My Faith in You " ? Martin Short leading a seeming cast of thousands  OK , dozens  doing "  Yankee Doodle Dandy " ? Bruno Mars performing "  Message in a Bottle " ? It can only be the Kennedy Center Honors . This year 's broadcast , which aired Tuesday night , paid tribute to R&B great Al Green , the multitalented Sting , Oscar-winning actor Tom Hanks , dancer Patricia McBride and comedian Lily Tomlin . It 's hard to do wrong with a Green song , and Earth , Wind & Fire led off with a heartfelt version of "  Love and Happiness . " The band was followed by such performers as Jennifer Hudson  "  Simply Beautiful "  , Usher  "  Let 's Stay Together "  and Mavis Staples and Sam Moore  "  Take Me to the River "  . Green was visibly moved by the tribute . McBride was feted with performances by dancers including Tiler Peck and Misty Copeland , and Hanks enjoyed a speech from David Letterman and Short 's song-and-dance routine .  Oh , and Pentatonix did "  That Thing You Do ! " from the 1996 movie Hanks directed , wrote and appeared in . Tomlin received compliments from Garrison Keillor , Jane Fonda and Jane Lynch , among others . And then there was Sting . Gaga sang to him , giving "  Faith in You " a little Green-esque soul . Herbie Hancock played for him . Bruce Springsteen , Mars and members of Sting 's musical "  The Last Ship " performed for him . An appreciative Hanks had an amusing way of sizing up the show . "  It 's not unlike a very healthy way of watching your life flash before you eyes , " he said . The show was recorded December 7 .	Notables paid tribute to Kennedy Center honorees Jennifer Hudson sang Al Green 's "  Simply Beautiful " Lady Gaga sang Sting 's "  If I Ever Lose My Faith in You " The event honors excellence in the arts
Fort Meade , Maryland  CNN  -- The fate of a former Army intelligence analyst accused in the largest leak of classified information in U.S. history is now in the hands of a military judge . Closing arguments in the court martial of Bradley Manning , accused of handing over hundreds of thousands of documents on the Iraq War and other issues to WikiLeaks , wrapped up on Friday . "  While the U.S. government showed trust in Manning , he was trusting in WikiLeaks , " chief prosecutor Maj. Ashden Fein said in rebuttal comments that followed the defense summation . Manning , among other counts , is charged with aiding the enemy , which carries a potential life prison sentence . He has pleaded guilty to nearly a dozen lesser charges that carry a sentence of up to 20 years behind bars . Judge Col. Denise Lind will render a verdict . Lead defense attorney David Coombs guessed that a decision was possible next Tuesday or Wednesday at the earliest . In closing arguments , Coombs said prosecutors "  cherry picked " information and took statements "  out of context " in alleging Manning ' -LSB- s crimes . In addition to a Iraq War combat video and documents , Manning is accused of downloading and transmitting information about detainees held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and diplomatic cables , officials said . Fein said on Thursday in the courtroom at Fort Meade , Maryland , that Manning was not interested in obeying the oaths and non-disclosure agreements he swore to before going to Iraq . He also indicated during his summation that Manning did all of it knowing that enemies of the United States , including al Qaeda , would be able to access the information . "  Manning had no allegiance to the United States , " Fein said , adding that he was "  not a whistle blower ; he was a traitor . " But Coombs said the government failed to make a convincing case . "  The evidence is circumstantial . The government failed to prove actual knowledge " that the information he leaked would get to the enemy , he said . Manning has said previously that he passed on information that "  upset " or "  disturbed " him but he did n't give WikiLeaks anything he thought would harm the United States if it were made public . WikiLeaks has never confirmed that Manning was the source of its information . Coombs on Friday made several points in trying to upend the prosecution arguments . The defense showed the Iraq War video that is at the heart of the case . The video was shot from a U.S. Apache helicopter as it attacked a group of people in Baghdad in 2007 . A Reuters TV news cameraman and his driver were among a dozen people killed . Manning , 25 , has said the video and the behavior of the Americans involved bothered him to the point where he uploaded the images to WikiLeaks . "  Did they all deserve to die ? That is what PFC Manning is seeing when he watches this , " Coombs said . Coombs said Manning told Adrian Lamo , a former computer hacker who tipped federal authorities to Manning 's activities and testified for the prosecution , that he believed the leaks would "  disclose true casualty figures in Iraq " and it was "  important that the information got out . " Coombs also pointed to a photo that was shown several times in court on Thursday . Prosecutors depicted a smiling Manning in a cross-dressing image as proof he was proud of the crimes he is accused of committing . But Coombs said Manning , who is gay , was happy because the picture showed a situation in which Manning could "  be himself . " Manning has attracted a number of supporters who claim he is a whistle blower . On Friday , Lind barred a member of the media for allegedly posting threatening messages regarding some court-martial participants . Details were sealed . Earlier in the day , military officials removed the man 's belongings from the media center . He was wearing a "  Support Bradley Manning " shirt when he arrived at court .	NEW : Military Judge Col. Denise Lind will render a verdict in sensational leak case Defense says prosecutors "  cherry picked " information in presenting evidence Bradley Manning is accused in largest leak of classified information in U.S. history Prosecution says Iraq War vet and intel analyst had "  no allegiance " to the United States
CNN  -- The United Nations official overseeing efforts to help Iraq 's many displaced people said Monday the country could be at a turning point . "  This new government represents an enormous opportunity for Iraq , but also for our work , " said Antonio Guterres , the U.N. high commissioner for refugees , on his first visit to Iraq since the country formed a new government in December . "  I hope today we are marking the beginning of the end of the displacement chapter in Iraq . " There are 196,000 Iraqis registered as refugees with UNHCR , mainly in neighboring Syria , Jordan and Lebanon , the agency said in a news release . The UNHCR also "  estimates there are about 1.3 million internally displaced Iraqis , and some 500,000 of them living in extremely precarious conditions . " Guterres met with top Iraqi leaders , including President Jalal Talabani , Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and Minister of Foreign Affairs Hoshyar Zebari . He proposed "  a government-led national plan of action " to create the conditions that would allow Iraqis to return home , the UNHCR said . But Guterres stressed that returning to Iraq should be voluntary . "  To force people to return home against their will where insecurity prevails is unacceptable , " Guterres said . The UNHCR said it was a reference to recent deportations of Iraqis from a number of European countries . Sweden last week defended its decision to deport 26 Iraqi asylum-seekers . The country said the European Court of Human Rights supports a Swedish immigration court 's ruling that an asylum-seeker from Iraq would have to show an individual threat directed toward him or her . The UNHCR said several of the men deported from Sweden were from Iraq 's volatile provinces -- Baghdad , Diyala , Salaheddin , Nineveh and Kirkuk . Last year , western European countries deported more than 400 Iraqis , according to the UNHCR . In June , the UNHCR announced that a milestone had been reached , with 100,000 Iraqi refugees approved for resettlement .	The U.N. high commissioner for refugees meets with top Iraqi officials He proposes a plan of action to create conditions that will allow refugees to return home U.N. says there are 196,000 Iraqi refugees in other countries , 1.3 million internally displaced Iraq 's new government "  represents an enormous opportunity , " UNHCR says
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Emergency Management Agency has not attempted to recoup some $ 643 million in payments that were improperly given to 160,000 individuals for housing and other aid following Hurricanes Katrina and Rita , an independent government investigator says . In a letter to FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate , Inspector General Richard Skinner wrote that a federal court in 2008 ordered FEMA to change its process for recovering the money . But Monday , three years after that court ruling , "  These payments remain uncollected because your office has not given final approval of a new recoupment process , " Skinner wrote . Following the back-to-back storms in 2005 , FEMA disbursed more than $ 7 billion in assistance to survivors . At the time , the government placed a premium on distributing the money quickly because of the dire needs of residents of the Gulf Coast . The money was intended for rental assistance , home repairs , housing replacement , moving costs , medical costs and other individual assistance . But in the storm 's wake , FEMA estimated that approximately $ 643 million of the payments were improper due to human error and fraud . Early efforts to recover the money were themselves flawed , and in June of 2007 , a federal judge ordered FEMA to discontinue its debt collection until changes were made to the process . FEMA immediately complied , Skinner wrote , and in 2008 the agency announced that it was stopping its recoupment of improper disaster payments until it could establish new procedures . FEMA also announced it would review each case of suspected fraud to confirm the validity of the debt . But , Skinner wrote , FEMA 's new recovery process has been awaiting approval by the administrator since late 2008 . While FEMA has established a strategy , identified the necessary staff and initiated a review of the 160,000 cases , "  your office has not instructed the responsible parties to restart the recoupment process , " Skinner wrote to Fugate . "  Further delay only makes aging debts more difficult to collect , " Skinner wrote . In a statement to CNN , FEMA spokeswoman Rachel Racusen said FEMA is "  committed to being responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars . " "  Not only do we agree with the Inspector General 's recommendation to recoup disaster assistance payments that were improperly disbursed ... but we are and have been actively working with state and local leadership and other stakeholders to finalize plans to recoup misspent funds , while continuing to support Gulf Coast communities as they recover , " she said . "  Under our current leadership , we have worked diligently to put protections in place that will safeguard against fraud and abuse , significantly reduce the percentage of improper payments , and develop a fair , open and transparent process for recovering these payments , " Racusen said . Racusen said she did not have a date for when Fugate would authorize collection of debts , but said , "  We are well underway in taking the steps we need to begin this new process . " In Skinner 's letter to Fugate , Skinner wrote Fugate should "  promptly take action " to recover the money . Noting that President Barack Obama signed a presidential memorandum in March of 2010 asking departments to identify and reclaim misspent funds , Skinner said Fugate should "  promptly authorize the collection of this debt , " he wrote .	FEMA disbursed more than $ 7 billion in aid after hurricanes Katrina and Rita hit in 2005 Later , FEMA estimated that about $ 643 million were improper payments FEMA cited human error and fraud as the causes of improper payments An inspector says FEMA "  has not given final approval " on a process to recoup the money
CNN  -- In the fall of 1995 , I jumped into a large van with about 20 other young black men , and we headed out from the small college town of Kalamazoo , Michigan , to Washington . Destination : the Million Man March . The mission : addressing the ills crippling black men . We were an intellectually curious and rambunctious group . Loud , idealistic Gen Xers , raised on the sweet nectar of Public Enemy 's message of personal responsibility and the films of Spike Lee that encouraged us to fight the power . So convinced that this event was going to change the world that when we turned on the radio , and McFadden and Whitehead 's "  Ai n't No Stopping Us Now " came on , I took the song as providence . Nearly 20 years later and I 'm sure I do n't need to rattle off all of the discouraging statistics regarding men of color in this country to illustrate that moment was anything but the awakening it was designed to be . Yet I sat Thursday in the East Room of the White House -- listening to President Barack Obama as he announced his "  My Brother 's Keeper " initiative , looking at the young men who stood on risers behind him , listening to the affirmative audibles of the attendants , like the congregation of a Southern Baptist church -- and I found myself fondly reminiscing . I found myself inspired . When I first came to Washington to address the unique circumstances hindering men of color , it was with a megaphone shouting at the White House . On this day , I was in the White House , and the megaphone had been replaced with a microphone clipped to a podium that bears the seal of the President . Progress . Afterward I was asked if I thought this initiative would make a difference . My answer was yes . True , the cynic will look at the laundry list of already created programs -- locally and nationally -- that were designed to dismantle the debilitating factors that have plagued men of color over the years , look at "  Keeper " and shrug . Others will accuse Obama of promoting division by using the office to highlight the issues of minorities over those of their white counterparts . As if one in three black males being projected to go to prison at some point in their lives can be construed as some sort of highlight . But such is the world of the first black President of these United States . Obama spent the first five years of his administration cautiously touching on the issue of race -- a beer summit here , a hypothetical "  son " in the wake of the killing of Trayvon Martin there -- likely for fear of being perceived as only caring about the needs of "  his people " as opposed to "  the people . " As a result , he has been the target of sharp criticism from some within the black community who see him aggressively addressing the pain of the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community , or tackling issues such as immigration that greatly affect Latinos , and they wonder what about us ? What about our pain ? The wealth of black households has declined more than any other demographic during Obama 's time as President and those hurt most by this wonder : What about us ? Blood continues to flow and bullets fly in the neighborhood streets he calls home and the residents wonder , what ... about ... us ? Thursday he said , I hear you . I was asked if that would make a difference . My answer is yes . Obama 's address was not about government . It was about community . His community , which is my community , which is your community . For as much as the narrative has historically reflected a storyline framed around the troubles of one section of society , the reality is no section is immune economically from the effects of this crisis . Men of color are more prone to drop out of high school than anyone else . A majority of inmates lack a high school diploma . In a 21-year span ending in 2003 , the amount of money spent on prisons increased by 570 % . That money comes from taxes . Dots connected . Not to mention the loss of workers and the well-documented effects of unplanned pregnancies coupled with absentee fathers . And when news reports of young men dying from gang violence no longer elicit an emotional response -- a sad reality the President talked about -- we are indeed in a moral crisis . Will "  Keeper " make a difference ? . Yes . Whether Obama is freed from the need to appease now that he 's in his second term or driven by the urgency of the moment , the forming of "  My Brother 's Keeper " is the most tangible manifestation of his "  Change We Can Believe In " slogan in years . And while $ 200 million promised by various corporations and philanthropic groups is but a "  drop in the bucket " in terms of the resources needed -- as one of his critics , Tavis Smiley , pointed out soon thereafter -- the fact he was able to raise that amount quietly is an indication that addressing this crisis has been on his mind for some time . Even if he was hesitant to talk about it . Michael Cruz , a local student involved in an education supplemental program called Communities in Schools , was one of those young men standing on the risers behind the president . He spoke to me about what it was like to spend time with Obama and how he has already been encouraged by what the President wants to do . "  People are always trying to bring your self-esteem down , " the 16-year-old from Washington told me . "  I have neighbors and kids in school telling me that I wo n't turn out to be anything and stuff like that . "  Some parts of my neighborhood are good and some parts people are doing drugs and stuff like that . But I try not to pay any attention to them and stay focused on my goals . " Goals that include going to college and becoming a chemical engineer . Over the past two days , he has gotten to know Michael Carter , a 15-year-old at his school . While Cruz has two parents in the home , Carter said he is raised by his mother and gets support from his aunts and cousins who help him stay out of trouble . "  Getting to know Michael has been a great experience because he has goals like I do , " Carter said . "  I did n't know him before , but now that I have , we 've become good friends . I know I will do all I can to encourage him and help him because seeing him do well will inspire me to do well . " Carter , who wants to attend Syracuse University and major in computer science , is his brother 's keeper . And so if you saw the President 's address or read some of his remarks and wonder if it would make a difference ... First think of Cruz and Carter and invariably your answer will be yes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Will President Obama 's "  My Brother 's Keeper " initiative make a difference ? He says it will address dangers of dropping out of school , getting in trouble with the law The problems of young black males affect all of society economically , Granderson says He says Obama returns to "  change " theme by addressing his community 's issues
CNN  -- Being top of the tennis tree can make grand slam predictions a little predictable , especially if your name is Serena Williams . The world No. 1 breezed into the third round of Wimbledon Thursday with a 6-1 6-1 victory over South African Chanelle Scheepers . The demolition lasted just 49 minutes and was more than enough to confirm Williams ' status as favorite for a sixth Wimbledon crown . "  I 'm always the favorite , " the American told reporters at the All England Club . "  It 's been that way for the last three years and maybe years before that . So it can create pressure . But it 's OK -- I 'd rather it was that way . " Being the favorite , and defending champion , did not help Williams at last month 's French Open , where she crashed out in the second round . The 32-year-old is now taking a softly-softly approach to the British grass court tournament , as she aims to finally claim her 18th grand slam to tie with legends Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova . She next faces French 25th seed Alize Cornet , who won their last meeting on hard courts in Dubai this year but lost their first three encounters . "  I do n't want to feel great necessarily right now because hopefully I have several more matches I can play , " said Williams . "  The goal for me is just to feel a little better every day . I feel there 's some things I still want to work on to hopefully stay in the tournament . " It was a case of once bitten twice shy for men 's second seed Rafael Nadal on Centre Court . Spain 's world No. 1 lost the first set to Czech Lukas Rosol , who dumped him out of the tournament in 2012 , and found himself heading for a repeat at 2-4 down in the second . But the 2008 and 2010 Wimbledon champion regained his composure and pulled himself back into the match . He roared with delight as he sealed a 4-6 7-6 6-4 6-4 victory to reach the third round for the first time since 2011 , setting up a clash with Kazakhstan 's 63rd-ranked Mikhail Kukushkin . "  I was just trying to fight , " said nine-time French Open winner Nadal . "  I was waiting for my moment , trying to find my moment . "  He was serving very well -- that always happens on the grass . That second set was very important for me . To be two sets down against a player like Rosol is very dangerous . " Roger Federer cantered into the third round after his match with Gilles Muller was interrupted to close the roof on Centre Court as a late evening shower washed London . When the players returned under lights , Federer did n't waste any time . The seven-time Wimbledon champion wrapped up a 6-3 7-5 6-3 victory over the Luxembourg qualifier . The Swiss star will meet either Spain 's Marcel Granollers or Colombian Santiago Giraldo next . Federer was satisfied to advance after last season 's shock second-round defeat to Ukraine 's Sergiy Stakhovsky , who is also into the third round . "  It was really a serving contest out there , I 'm happy I made it , " Federer , the fourth seed , told the media . "  The second set was tough today with the rain delay . It 's nice to get those wins but better keep working hard and try to be consistent . " Maria Sharapova made short work of Swiss challenger Timea Bacsinszky on Thursday evening , sweeping into the third round with a 6-2 6-1 victory . The Russian fifth seed won her first grand slam of the grass of Wimbledon in 2004 as a 17-year-old and returns to London in ominous form as the French Open champion . Sharapova faces American Alison Riske , who defeated Italian Camila Giorgi , in the third round . Elsewhere , in the men 's draw , French seeds Richard Gasquet and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga faced five-set zingers on day four at the All England Club . Promising Australia Nick Kyrgios sent 13th seed Gasquet packing 3-6 6-7 6-4 7-5 10-8 while Tsonga , the No. 14 , defeated American Sam Querrey with another epic scoreline 4-6 7-6 6-7 6-3 14-12 . The 19-year-old Krygios , who turned professional only last season , is playing in his first Wimbledon and faces Czech Jiri Vesely next . Australian Open champion Stan Wawrinka dropped a set against Taiwan 's Yen-Hsun Lu on his way to a third round encounter against Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin . Canadian eighth seed Milos Raonic also defeated young American Jack Sock 6-3 6-4 6-4 and will next face Poland 's Lukasz Kubot . Last year 's women 's runner-up , Sabine Lisicki , stayed on track with a straightforward 6-3 7-5 victory over Czech Karolina Pliskova , and the German will next play former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic . The Serbian 11th seed beat China 's Zheng Jie 6-4 6-0 .	Serena Williams underlines title status with quickfire win over Chanelle Scheepers "  I 'm always the favorite , " says American world No. 1 , who is seeking sixth Wimbledon win Men 's No. 1 Rafael Nadal fights back to avoid repeat shock loss to Lukas Rosol Former champions Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova breeze through
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Tariq Aziz , formerly Saddam Hussein 's top diplomat , who has been in U.S. custody in Iraq , has been transferred to the custody of the Iraqi government , an Iraqi official said Wednesday . Aziz was handed over on Monday from Camp Cropper and is being held at Kadhimiya prison in Baghdad , Boshu Ibrahim , deputy Justice minister , told CNN . This move comes as Camp Cropper , the last major U.S. detention facility in Iraq is being officially handed over to the Iraqi government on Thursday . Serving a 15-year sentence , Aziz was part of a transfer of more than two dozen former Saddam Hussein regime members , 26 on Monday and three last month . Aziz , who has been hospitalized a number of times while in custody , has been in poor health , and his lawyers and family members have voiced their concerns about his handover to the Iraqi government and how we would be treated while in their custody . Ibrahim said that the Ministry of Justice detention facilities provide health care for inmates and Kadhimiya prison has a clinic . He said if needed the detainees could be taken to medical facilities elsewhere . Aziz was one of the best-known faces of Hussein 's government , serving as deputy prime minister from 1981 to 2003 and as foreign minister for part of that time . In March 2009 , he was sentenced in connection with the 1992 executions of 42 merchants . He was captured by U.S. forces in April 2003 , shortly after the U.S.-led invasion that toppled the Hussein regime . According to Boshu , being former regime members will not affect the way Aziz will be treated by Iraqi authorities .	Tariq Aziz was a face of the Hussein regime The transfer comes as U.S. closes Camp Cropper Aziz has been hospitalized frequently during his jailing
CNN  -- The Dakar Rally is arguably the world 's most dangerous motorsport race , but for one newcomer it can not compare with what he has already been through . British soldier Tom Neathway will be co-driving in the 16-day event , which traverses the mountainous desert terrain of South America , despite losing both his legs and an arm after standing on a booby trap while serving in Afghanistan in 2008 . He effectively died three times , and had to be resuscitated on each occasion on the operating table back at base . "  I think the Dakar 's less dangerous than what I 've done , and I think I knew what I was getting myself into when I signed up for it , " Neathway told CNN . "  Saying that , most of the guys I 've spoken to about the Dakar never do it again , so it 's clearly not easy . " Founder Thierry Sabine described the grueling endurance event as "  a challenge for those who go , a dream for those who stay behind . " A total of 25 competitors have lost their lives since the inaugural race started in Paris in late 1978 , and more than 50 people overall including spectators . Only 74 of the 182 entrants for that first staging made it as far as the Senegalese capital Dakar . Sabine himself died during the 1986 race when the helicopter in which he was traveling was struck by a sudden sandstorm . Traditionally , the race wound its way from Europe down to the south-west of Africa , but was relocated to South America in 2009 because of terrorist threats . This year 's 33rd staging will start on January 5 in Lima , Peru , and finish in the Chilean capital of Santiago . Neathway is well aware of the rigors of rallying -- he has only just recovered from a broken arm after crashing badly at one of his warmup events -- but it pales into insignificance compared to what he experienced on July 22 , 2008 . "  We were on a routine patrol when we came under enemy fire , " recalls Neathway , who is one of five injured military personnel taking part in the 2013 race . "  I was part of the sniper team and moved into position to provide covering fire for my fellow troops . "  The area I went to was already cleared by metal detectors where there was a sandbag . I asked for it to be checked again and it was . Then I lifted the sandbag and the blast took off my feet and badly damaged my left arm . "  At the time , the first thing I checked was my cock and balls . Once I saw my feet were n't there , I was more focused on just stopping the bleeding than worrying about not walking again . I remember joking around -- as I 'm into my cars -- that I would n't be driving my Subaru anytime soon . "  It 's odd to think there 's that sort of banter just after getting blown up . There was n't any panic , it was all very straightforward . "  I remember I was conscious throughout the whole thing . I was surprisingly okay and chatting to the medic throughout . It was then that I felt I 'd be okay despite quite heavy blood loss . I 'd been blown up a couple of times before but obviously this one was a lot more serious . " Having been restored to full health , Neathway will compete for the Race2Recovery team , with funds raised going towards injured servicemen and women . He will be the navigator for able-bodied driver Justin Birchall for the 8,000-kilometer event . The challenging route has desert stages virtually from the outset , then goes through gaucho territory in Argentina after crossing the Andes before the challenge of the Chilean dunes . Despite the dangers of the race , for some its lure is just too much . Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's son Mark was a notable entry in 1982 , when he went missing for six days along with his co-driver and mechanic . After being spotted by a Algerian air force plane , Thatcher downplayed the severity of the incident , insisting that all he needed was "  a sandwich , a bath and a shave . " Prince Albert of Monaco was another high-profile entry three years later along with five-time Tour de France cycle race winner Jacques Anquetil in 1986 and French rock singer Johnny Hallyday in 2002 . Former France international rugby player Christian Califano competed in the motorbike category from 2009-11 . "  I did n't worry about accidents . I did n't think about that at all . I did n't really worry about the dangers until the end as there 's no point worrying about these things as that 's when things go wrong , " he said . "  For me , the Dakar was always a dream . When I played rugby , I used to say , ` Guys , one day I will do the Dakar and they 'd be like ` Shut up Christian , do n't be crazy , you 'll never do it , you 're a liar . ' "  When they heard I 'd entered they again said I was crazy but I did n't feel crazy . I just loved the whole experience . I was like nothing else . " This year 's entry list features almost 200 competitors in the motorbike class , 115 in the cars , 40 in the quad bikes and 176 in the trucks . The amateur element accounts for about 80 % of the entrants -- including Tarek El Erian , who planned to be on his honeymoon during the race but put his wedding plans on hold after receiving a late wildcard entry . "  I 'm grateful towards my wife-to-be because this is unthinkable in Egypt , but we postponed the marriage so that I could take part in the rally , " he explained . It is not just an event for the competitors -- the 2013 version will be televised in 189 countries , with an audience of 2.2 billion from start to finish . But it will once again attract criticism , as has been customary since Sabine first came up with the idea after getting lost on his motorbike in 1977 in Libyan desert during another event , the Abidjan-Nice Rally . France 's Green Party once described it as "  colonialism that needs to be eradicated " while the Vatican once called it "  a vulgar display of power and wealth in places where men continue to die from hunger and thirst . " The race 's history is entwined with tragedy . The helicopter crash which accounted for Sabine 's death also led to the death of four others on board . Just two years later , six people lost their lives , including a 10-year-old Malian girl struck by a competitor 's car , and a mother and daughter killed when hit by a television crew 's vehicle . But for those who take part , the risks are part of the excitement . Michel Merel , runner-up in the motorbike class in 1980 , said fear was the biggest lure of the Dakar . "  The piste is like the ocean , " he said . "  It is wrong not to fear it . As for me , the piste makes me scared -- you do n't mess around with it . You ca n't be an artist . " The race 's most successful entrant is Stephane Peterhansel , a six-time winner of the motorcycle category who also has four car titles , including last year . The Frenchman , 47 , describes his Dakar years as "  the most memorable of my life , " reveling in the "  complete emptiness , nothingness " of the desert tundra at night . While Peterhansel will once again hope to make the headlines , Neathway is likely to be one of the unsung battlers just trying to make it home . "  I 've always been a petrolhead and did motocross as a kid , " he says . "  Since recovering from my injuries , the Dakar has been the dream . "  Most people do n't get to do that but I 've got the chance . For me , the main thing is just to finish . "	Dakar Rally begins in Peruvian capital on January 5 and finishes 15 days later in Chile Tom Neathway is one of five injured military personnel taking part in 8,000-kilometer trek British soldier lost both legs and an arm during active duty in Afghanistan in 2008 He will be taking part as a co-driver , helping with navigation in the South American race
CNN  -- When American basketball player Kevin Sheppard moved to Iran in 2009 , he was greeted by elaborate graffiti that read "  Down with the USA " and "  America is the Devil . " Similar rhetoric came from the United States , with the government decrying a nuclear weapons program from the country that was part of the "  Axis of Evil . " It was in this tense political climate that the 6-foot point guard from the Virgin Islands accepted a job with the Iranian Super League after being recruited to carry his team to the playoffs . Filmmaker Till Schauder joined Sheppard on his journey , chronicling the basketball player 's experience in one of the most feared countries in the world in a documentary called "  The Iran Job . " Although Sheppard had played basketball in several countries around the globe -- including Israel , Spain , China and Brazil -- he accepted the job in Iran with some reluctance . "  I said to myself , ` Well , if I get there and it 's everything like the news said it was , weapons of mass destruction , these people are crazy ... then I 'm just going to get on the next plane and come right back home , ' " Sheppard said . Yet , what he encountered upon arrival was the unexpected : a team of dedicated basketball players , devoted fans cheering his name , friends with a sense of humor and families that opened their doors and their homes . "  They love Americans ! " Sheppard exclaimed . "  It was so ironic , because here I was in a country where they have all these signs : ` Down with USA ' and ` USA 's the Devil ' and ` USA 's the Evil One . ' And then with the people , they 're like , ` Man ! I love Kobe Bryant ! I love LeBron James ! I love you guys . I want to be like you . I want to go to America and be a superstar ! ' " Understanding Iran : U.S. athlete reveals his inside story Sheppard became a local star in the cultural center of Shiraz , where he gradually led his low-ranking basketball team to more wins and ultimately to the playoffs . And with nothing more than a than a small HDV camera , a wireless mic and an extension cable packed in an unassuming backpack , Schauder began filming Sheppard 's progress "  under the radar . " Without a journalist 's visa and running the risk of imprisonment , the German-American filmmaker planned to tell authorities he was a European tourist filming Iran 's ancient sites if questioned . Yet despite the rigid measures , Schauder saw the opportunity for intercultural dialogue through the charismatic ball player . Sheppard , along with 12 other American basketball players in the country , came under investigation by the U.S. State Department for technically breaking the trade embargo against Iran by accepting a salary . The investigation reminded Schauder of the lack of diplomatic relations between the two nations and the fact the U.S. had n't had an embassy in Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution . "  It struck me that these players could potentially be bridge-builders , " Schauder said . As an athlete , Sheppard strove to avoid politics and focus on the game but soon learned that politics is the game for nearly every aspect of Iranian life . The women he befriended could be imprisoned for visiting his apartment ; police could stop a car that they suspected carried unmarried women with men ; people who spoke out against the government could be detained without explanation . Sheppard found himself literally in the middle of the tense political situation in spring 2009 , when Iranians took to the streets to protest the results of the presidential election . It was the beginning of the country 's Green Movement , when demonstrators claimed a rigged election and demanded the removal of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Sheppard , in the capital of Tehran for the playoffs with his team , unwittingly found himself in the heart of the protests . "  I was getting ready to go to practice , and they had this street , like this long street as far as your eyes could see , " Sheppard explained . "  On one side was Hezbollah , which is like their police , their military police , and the other side were the Green protesters . I had to go through the middle of that road , and I was just saying to myself , ` If one of these guys throw a bottle , a stone , shoot a gun , I 'm going to be caught between almost a million people . ' That 's when I said , ` Man , this thing right here ai n't no basketball ; this thing right here is starting to get serious . ' " Although the protests were quickly quelled by the government , Iran 's Green Movement was the prelude to the Arab Spring , laying the groundwork for subsequent uprisings across the Middle East and even the United States ' Occupy Wall Street movement . "  It 's important to remember that all of these uprisings in the countries that we now associate with the Arab Spring , all of these uprisings were initiated by the Green Movement in Iran , " Schauder said . "  So it 's ironic that Iran , of all places , has n't quite gotten there yet . ... I really hope at some point in history , we 'll remember the Iranian people as the ones who got things going . " Schauder is determined to record that piece of Iranian history , and as the revolutionaries go online to mobilize support , the filmmaker likewise utilizes the Internet to spread their story . Along with his co-producer and wife , Sara Nodjoumi , Schauder launched one of the most successful Kickstarter campaigns in the fundraising site 's history , raising $ 100,466 for the production of "  The Iran Job . " Another campaign is under way to fund distribution of the film . "  When you get so much support from every corner of the world , you literally feel the love , " Schauder said . "  It 's a combination of basketball fans , people interested in bettering relationships between the two religions , between the two cultures , and a lot of people coming together and entering this big tent that we 're trying to create . " The ultimate goal of the documentary for Schauder and Sheppard is intercultural dialogue . Both hope that a clearer understanding of the Arab world in the West will lead to more informed policy decisions and will foster support for the ordinary people who are fighting to realize democracy . "  This story here needs to be told because we 're grouping Iran with the government and not the people , " Sheppard said . "  We 're not understanding that the people wanted an opportunity to change the government . "	Kevin Sheppard moved to Iran in 2009 to play basketball Filmmaker Till Schauder joined Sheppard on his journey to chronicle his experience As an athlete , Sheppard said , he strove to avoid politics and focus on the game
CNN  -- Despite appearances to the contrary , the West does n't have a Ukraine problem . It is clear from the large demonstrations that have swamped the streets of Kiev in recent weeks that the Ukrainian people want closer integration with the European Union , to secure higher prosperity and cleaner government . The problem lies with Russia and its determination to keep Ukraine within its orbit using threats and inducements . In contrast to the EU 's adherence to democratic institutions , competitive markets and the rule of law , Vladimir Putin has a rival integration project based on his own model of corrupt state capitalism . Read more : Ukraine , Russia sign economic deal It used to be said that the best way to encourage political and economic reform in Russia would be to use the power of example by making a success of reform in Ukraine . The events of the last few weeks may cast doubt on whether that approach is enough . The focus of Western policy-makers should also be on how to re-engage Russia , not least because the decline of the country 's energy dominance and the failure to modernize its economy is breaking its growth . Political repression is adding to these problems by stifling the creative energies of the middle class . Without meaningful reform , Russia faces long-term stagnation and the risk of a major systemic crisis . A troubled Russia that strives to hold back the countries around it is not in anyone 's interests . But what scope do western governments have to influence change for the better ? The "  Ukraine first " approach came into vogue because Russian leaders simply brushed aside criticism of their record on human rights and business standards . If anything , President Putin 's tone suggests an increasingly belligerent attitude . Despite this , there are underused levers of persuasion that could form the basis on new transatlantic approach towards Russia , especially in the fields of trade and economic relations . Read more : Beware Russia 's power play in Ukraine Unlike the Soviet Union , Russia is becoming highly integrated into the global economy and dependent on the advantages it brings . Growth and state revenues require access to foreign export markets . Large investment shortfalls , especially in the energy sector , demand inflows of foreign capital and technology . Russia now enjoys the privileges of WTO membership and aspires to join the OECD . Its elites like to take advantage of international mobility to enjoy life in the West . These needs and preferences create points of leverage that the West could be using to much greater effect . By insisting that its status within the global economy is conditional on its maintenance of agreed standards , we can push Russia to address deficiencies relating to property rights , investor protection , judicial independence and the rule of law . The EU and the U.S. are already showing that a rules-based approach to business standards can have an impact . In targeting Russians responsible for human rights violations committed against those seeking to expose unlawful activities carried out by government officials , for example , the 2012 U.S. Magnitsky Act provides a powerful deterrent to corruption . Separate provisions of the act press the U.S. administration to implement a rule of law for the business agenda with Russia addressing investor protection . European and American leaders should keep such lessons in mind as they negotiate the planned Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership  TTIP  . Closer economic ties can provide opportunities to influence third party countries . One of the TTIP 's aims is to "  enhance co-operation " on principles of global concern . For Russia , this could involve the adoption of a common position on the country 's OECD application , investor protection and a crack-down on corruption and economic crimes . Read more : Putin defends Russia 's record on free speech TTIP could even be accompanied by an agreement to treat an attack on the economic interests of one as an attack on the economic interests of al -- a sort of economic counterpart to NATO 's Article 5 . For example , the so-called Magnitsky Act mandates the U.S. government to seek compensation of American investors who had their assets illegally seized with the break up of Yukos Oil . European investors in Yukos suffered the same fate . TTIP could incorporate principles of collective action and mutual support in such cases . Initially Russia would n't like these measures , but it has far more to lose from a damaged trade and investment relationship than the West does . Read more : Who broke the law , Snowden or NSA ? Europe and North America are bound together in their support for an open global economy . It is in their interests to prevent countries like Russia from taking advantage of that openness without abiding by the fair market rules that undergird it , or respecting the wishes of independent countries like Ukraine to develop their own economic ties . But the country that stands to gain most is Russia itself . Only major economic change will guarantee the growth and prosperity it needs to be strong in the world , and that economic change can only come through partnership with Europe and the U.S. Read more : Putin pardons oligarch Read more : Protestors warn of "  blood and war " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Al Larson .	The West does n't have a Ukraine problem , but rather one with Russia , Al Larson argues Larson says the focus of Western policy-makers should be on how to re-engage Russia The trade negotiations between the U.S. and EU could be used to increase pressure North America and Europe are bound together , and need to keep Russia in the fold
CNN  -- A judge ruled Tuesday that a lawsuit from a former member of Lady Gaga 's entourage who alleges the pop star failed to pay her overtime wages can move to trial . Judge Paul G. Gardephe of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York set the trial date for November 4 . In her lawsuit , Jennifer O'Neill says that she worked "  24/7 " as Gaga 's personal assistant . O'Neill was employed in early 2009 , and again from February 2010 to March 2011 . After she was rehired , she was told her annual salary would be $ 75,000 . O'Neill is seeking to recover more than $ 350,000 in unpaid wages . "  Every day is a work day for her , so every day is a work day for the rest of us , " she said , according to court documents . "  There is no , we 're going to stay in , we 're going to sleep . There is no , let 's put on sweatpants and go out to the movies and be girlfriends . It does n't work like that . " Gaga , whose real name is Stefani Germanotta , testified that O'Neill "  deserves every one of her $ 75,000 that we agreed to . But she does not deserve a penny more . " Representatives for the singer have told CNN the lawsuit is completely without merit . CNN 's Breeanna Hare contributed to this report .	Jennifer O'Neill is suing Gaga , alleging more than $ 350,000 in unpaid overtime wages She worked as the singer 's personal assistant in 2009 , 2010 and 2011 "  Every day is a work day for her , so every day is a work day for the rest of us , " says O'Neill
The first case of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome believed to be transmitted within the United States has been identified in an Illinois man who was infected and is no longer sick , a doctor with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Saturday . The unidentified Illinois man had "  extended face-to-face contact " during a 40-minute business meeting with an Indiana man who was diagnosed with MERS after traveling from Saudi Arabia , Dr. David Swerdlow told reporters during a telephone briefing . A blood test confirmed the Illinois man had been previously infected , and he reported suffering only mild cold-like symptoms and did not seek or require medical care , Swerdlow said . "  We think that this patient was likely infected with MERS . But technically he does n't count as an official case of MERS , " he said . The case does not meet the World Health Organization definition of an active case , which requires evidence of a live virus , according to Swordlow . Even so , U.S. health officials appear to be treating it as one . MERS : 5 things to know U.S. investigation The case was discovered as part of an investigation by U.S. health officials to track people who came in close contact with the Indiana man , who became the first person diagnosed with MERS in the United States . He was diagnosed with the virus on May 2 . MERS , first found in the Arabian Peninsula in 2012 , is a coronavirus -- the same group of viruses as the common cold . It attacks the respiratory system . Symptoms , which include fever and a cough , are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure . Gastrointestinal symptoms such as diarrhea have also been seen , according to the WHO . There is no vaccine or special treatment , and it can be fatal in up to one-third of cases , Dr. Anne Schuchat , assistant surgeon general for the U.S. Public Health Service told CNN recently . To date , there have been more than 570 confirmed cases of MERS , including 171 deaths , according to the World Health Organization . The number of countries with confirmed cases expanded to 18 , with a case in the Netherlands , according to the WHO . Many of the cases are in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . No one knows exactly how the virus originated , but evidence implicating camels is emerging . In a recently published study in mBio , researchers said they isolated live MERS virus from two single-humped camels , known as dromedaries . They found multiple substrains in the camel viruses , including one that perfectly matches a substrain isolated from a human patient . 2 health care workers exposed to MERS patient Indiana case The Illinois case was discovered as part of an investigation by U.S. health officials who tracked the movements and contacts of the Indiana man , who was an American health care provider who had been working in Saudi Arabia and was on a planned visit to Indiana to see his family . He traveled April 24 from Riyadh to London , then to Chicago , and took a bus to Indiana , officials said . The Indiana man "  had extended face-to-face contact with a business associate  Illinois man  on April 25 , and then another brief contact on April 26 , " Swerdlow said . The Indiana began experiencing shortness of breath , coughing , and fever on April 27 , the Indiana State Department of Health has said . He was admitted to Community Hospital in Munster , Indiana , on April 28 , the same day he visited the emergency department there , the health department said . The man was released from the hospital last week . Health officials tested 53 health care workers , six family member and an additional business associate . The MERS virus appears to have presented differently in the Illinois man , who reported only mild-like cold symptoms . "  There is a broader spectrum of MERS than first thought ... you can have no symptoms , " Swerdlow said . There are no travel restrictions to the Arabian Peninsula ; however , the CDC suggests that people who visit there monitor their health and watch for any flu-like symptoms . If you do feel unwell after such a trip , be sure to tell your doctor about your travel . Second MERS case confirmed in Netherlands Outbreak becomes more urgent , WHO says	An Illinois man has tested positive for a past MERS infection , a doctor says It is not being counted by the World Health Organization as an official MERS case WHO requires a live active infection be present to be counted
Washington  CNN  -- The chairman of the Republican Party and a leading GOP senator called on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to give up his post Sunday , following the publication of remarks he made about President Obama 's race in 2008 . A new book quotes Reid , D-Nevada , as saying privately in 2008 that Obama could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his "  light-skinned " appearance and speaking patterns "  with no Negro dialect , unless he wanted to have one . " The remarks were "  embarrassing and racially insensitive , " said Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , head of the GOP 's Senate campaign arm , in a statement to CNN . GOP Chairman Michael Steele , on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " said : "  Racism and racist conversations have no place today in America . " Steele also was on the defensive for a remark he made last week that members of both parties have called a racial slur . In an interview with Fox News , Steele used the phrase "  honest injun . " The Congressional Black Caucus has accepted Reid 's apology and is dismissing calls for him to step down as majority leader . Rep. Barbara Lee , chairwoman of the caucus , issued the following statement : "  I have had an opportunity to speak with Senator Reid and he apologized for his unfortunate remarks concerning the president , and he understands the gravity of such remarks . There are too many issues like the economy , job creation and energy for these regrettable comments to distract us from the work that must be done on behalf of the American people . " Democrats also rejected the calls for Reid 's dismissal . Gov. Tim Kaine of Virginia , chairman of the Democratic Party , said "  the case is closed " following Reid 's round of apologies . Douglas Wilder of Virginia , who 20 years ago became the nation 's first elected African-American governor , also rejected calls for Reid 's ouster . "  I think that what Reid was giving was a personal opinion , which was n't affecting the laws or the operation of the dispensation of justice in our country , " Wilder told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " But he said he believes the incident "  illustrates the need for more open discussion about race . " Reid 's office made clear he has no plans to step down . Democrats rejected the calls for Reid 's dismissal , and Reid 's office made clear he has no plans to step down . "  Sen. Reid will stay in his position as majority leader and will run for re-election , " his spokesman said . "  As the leader in the fight to pass the Voting Rights Act and legislation banning hate crimes , Sen. Reid has a long record of addressing issues that are important to the African-American community . His Republican critics who are looking to politicize the issue ca n't say the same . " Reid 's controversial quote is in the book "  Game Change , " due in stores Monday . The authors write that "  Reid was convinced , in fact , that Obama 's race would help him more than hurt him in a bid for the Democratic nomination . " In a statement to CNN , Reid said , "  I deeply regret using such a poor choice of words . " "  I sincerely apologize for offending any and all Americans , especially African-Americans for my improper comments . I was a proud and enthusiastic supporter of Barack Obama during the campaign and have worked as hard as I can to advance President Obama 's legislative agenda , " Reid said . In his defense , he pointed to his efforts to integrate the Las Vegas strip and the gaming industry , among other legislation favored by African-American voters . "  I have worked hard to advance issues important to the African-American community , " he said . And the senate leader called Obama on Saturday afternoon to apologize for the remarks . In a statement issued after the call , Obama said , "  As far as I am concerned , the book is closed . " "  Harry Reid called me today and apologized for an unfortunate comment reported today , " the president said . "  I accepted Harry 's apology without question because I 've known him for years , I 've seen the passionate leadership he 's shown on issues of social justice and I know what 's in his heart . " An aide to the senator told CNN that Reid also offered apologies to several prominent African-American political figures , including House Democrats Jim Clyburn of South Carolina and Barbara Lee of California ; the Rev. Al Sharpton ; CNN political contributor and Democratic strategist Donna Brazile ; NAACP chairman Julian Bond ; and the head of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights , Wade Henderson . Steele , the GOP 's first African-American chairman , was asked about the remarks on both "  Meet the Press " and "  Fox News Sunday . " He told NBC on Sunday he believes Reid is out of touch with "  how African-Americans generally feel " about sensitive issues . Steele was asked by NBC whether he believes the situation is similar to one involving former Sen. Trent Lott , who lost his post as Senate majority leader in 2002 after saying that the nation would have been better off if one-time segregationist candidate Strom Thurmond had been elected president . "  Oh , yeah . There is a big double standard here , " Steele said on NBC . Steele added : "  When Democrats get caught saying racist things , you know , an apology is enough . " Steele said that if a Republican senator had made the same remark Reid did , Steele himself and the Democratic Party "  would be screaming for his head very much as they were with Trent Lott . " Cornyn , in his statement , also accused Democrats of following a "  double standard , " and noted that they had pushed Lott to step down . "  As we await his explanation , Sen. Reid should do the right thing , follow the example that he himself set in 2002 , and step down as majority leader , " Cornyn said . Kaine shot back against those arguments . "  Anybody looking at Trent Lott 's statements praising somebody who had been a pro-segregation candidate for president will see that there is no comparison between those comments and those of Sen. Reid , " Kaine told NBC . The comments "  were in the context of praising the senator and acknowledging that the senator could be a great president , but they were still insensitive , " Kaine said . Asked whether Reid should resign , he said , "  Absolutely not . ... We 're moving on . " Nevada state Senate Majority Leader Steven Horsford , who is African-American , affirmed his support for Reid in a statement Saturday . "  While I am disappointed in Sen. Reid 's comment and choice of words , I accept his apology , " said Horsford , a Democrat . "  I have known Sen. Reid for many years and he has consistently been supportive of advancing the interests of the African-American community as he has for all Nevadans and all Americans . " Steele , meanwhile , was asked about his remark in a Fox News interview last week that the GOP platform "  is one of the best political documents that 's been written in the last 25 years , ` honest injun ' on that . " "  Fox News Sunday " host Chris Wallace noted that lawmakers from both parties have called that a racial slur . "  Well , if it is , I apologize for it . It 's not an intent to be a racial slur . I was n't intending to say a racial slur at all , " Steele said . CNN 's Dana Bash , Mark Preston and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	NEW : Congressional Black Caucus rejects calls for Reid to step down Michael Steele calls for Reid to step down , accuses Dems of "  double standard " GOP chair says Senate majority leader 's language "  harkens back to the 1950s and '60s " New book quotes Reid discussing "  light-skinned " Obama 's lack of "  Negro dialect "
CNN  -- Mobile World Congress is the world 's largest mobile phone trade show , held every year in Barcelona . It is the venue for manufacturers like Nokia , HTC , LG , and Samsung to reveal the must-have mobile devices and services of the year . This year is likely to be no different with big launches expected from all the major players except Apple . So what can we expect ? Some phone makers have already announced their MWC line up , some have hinted , others have been rumored . Talking to sources , joining the dots , and getting the word on the street , this is what is expected at the show : Nokia Nokia is rumored to be launching a number of handsets at MWC this year . Some will focus on emerging markets  Brazil , Russia , India , and China  , while the others , the developed ones . The phones you are most likely to be interested in will be a European version of the recently announced Nokia Lumia 900 , and a low end Lumia ; the Nokia Lumia 610 . Both models will work with Microsoft 's Windows Phone 7 operating system . HTC We are expecting three handsets from the Taiwanese company ; The HTC One X , The HTC One S , and the HTC One V . The top-of-the-range One X will feature the new Nvidia Tegra 3 quad-core processor and run Android , while Pocket-lint has confirmed with sources that the One V will be a music-focused device aimed at men and similar to the more female friendly  if that is possible  HTC Rhyme that is already on the market . Samsung Although Samsung was expected to launch the Samsung Galaxy S III at MWC this year , the company has now confirmed that it wo n't . With a number of pre-MWC launches already detailed , Samsung is expected instead to focus on tablets at the show . If rumors are to be believed , it will launch a 10.1-inch version of the Samsung Galaxy Note announced in September 2011 . The difference from all the other tablets it sells ? It will have a built-in stylus . LG Following Samsung 's lead with the Galaxy Note , LG has announced its LG Optimus Vu prior to the show . A cross between a phone and a tablet , it will measure 139.6 mm x 90 . mm , meaning it 's going to be one for those with big hands and big pockets . There are also rumors that the company will announce a follow up to the LG Optimus 2X called the 3X . Expect it to have a quad-core processor too . Research In Motion BlackBerry maker RIM has said that there will be no new hardware at the show this year , but that it will be showing off the new PlayBook 2.0 operating system and the software operating system , BB OS 10 , that it hopes will power its new phones expected later in the year . Panasonic Having just announced a new waterproof and dustproof phone called the Eluga , Panasonic has also confirmed it has a second handset in the pipeline to launch at MWC . It will feature a dual-core processor , OLED screen and will run Android . Fujitsu Japanese brand Fujitsu has confirmed that it will be launching phones in Europe following its success in Japan . The company has yet to announce which models it will be bringing the continent , however the smart money is on the waterproof quad-core Tegra 3 powered Android smartphone it announced at CES in Las Vegas in January . Sony  aka Sony Ericsson Trying to pinpoint a Sony phone destined for Mobile World Congress is as hard as Sony Ericsson 's transitions to Sony . We are expecting a European launch for the already announced  at CES  Sony Ericsson Xperia S though . Rumors and leaked internet photos suggest maybe a bigger screen version too , as well as an array of other Android devices . Motorola Motorola 's MWC plans are even quieter than Sony 's with the company traditionally focusing on CES in Las Vegas to launch many of its first-half-of-the-year handsets . There is a suggestion that Motorola has teamed up with Intel to launch one of the first Intel-powered smartphones , but that is still to be confirmed . Motorola does n't have a press conference at the show , but Intel does .	Nokia , HTC expected to lead a busy field for new mobile device launches at Mobile World Congress Samsung 's Galaxy S III will remain under wraps as Korean manufacturer focuses on tablets Sony and Motorola 's plans remain a mystery ahead of Barcelona event
CNN Student News  -- August 31 , 2009 Quick Guide Japan Election Day - Explore the reasons behind a shift in political power in Japan . Replacing Kennedy - Consider what could be next for Ted Kennedy 's seat in the U.S. Senate . Shuttle Liftoff - Find out how many shuttle missions remain on NASA 's schedule . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It 's the last day of the month , the first day of the week , and for some of you , the start of a new school year . So , welcome to CNN Student News . With your commercial-free source for classroom news , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Japan Election Day AZUZ : First up , a big shift in political power as Japanese voters weigh in at the ballot box . The Liberal Democratic Party has run Japan 's government for decades . Not anymore . Early results from yesterday 's parliamentary elections show that the Democratic Party of Japan won in a landslide . The country 's current prime minister announced his resignation based on this outcome . That 's because the position , which is similar to the U.S. president , is filled by someone from the majority party . Kyung Lah explores some of the reasons behind the transition in Japan 's ruling party . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP MAN ON STREET : Bonzai ! KYUNG LAH , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : This is the sound of a political earthquake in Japan . A landslide victory for the opposition , the Democratic Party of Japan , booting out the prime minister and his ruling party . Supporters wept as candidates for the Liberal Democratic Party lost seat after seat in the parliament . A crushing defeat for a party that had run Japan 's government almost continuously since 1955 . Here at the opposition party headquarters , they 're watching the final vote tally to come in . At the end of it , the opposition expects to win Japan 's parliament by 3 to 1 , a mandate by the voters . A change that 's long overdue , says longtime Japan watcher Richard Jerram . RICHARD JERRAM , MACQUARIE CAPITAL SECURITIES : It 's tremendously exciting . You 've got a change of government , probably on a lasting basis , for the first time in 50 years . You 've got the prospect of changing how they run the government by reducing the bureaucracy and trying to increase the political influence on policymaking . So politically , it 's very exciting . LAH : What led voters to line up at polling places was a sense of frustration over domestic scandals , but more importantly , the economy . Voting for an untested party like the opposition is a sign of how much anger there is about the slowdown in the world 's second largest economy . YOSHIKO SHIRAISHI , VOTER -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  I want them to change something , " says this voter , punching her card for the opposition . MASAYUKI NAKAMURA , VOTER -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  The money 's been going the wrong way , " says this man . "  I hope the money will now go towards jobs and creating a safety net . " LAH : Voters are now counting on sweeping change to match the sweeping political victory of Japan 's new ruling party . Kyung Lah , CNN , Tokyo . END VIDEO CLIP Fast Facts ERIK NIVISON , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for some Fast Facts ! When a U.S. Senate seat opens up , how is it filled ? It depends on the state . In 37 states , the governor picks the senator 's replacement . The remaining 13 states can schedule a special election to replace the senator , but when and how those special elections are held can vary by state . Massachusetts , the state that Senator Ted Kennedy represented , has a special election . It 's held 145 to 160 days after the Senate seat becomes vacant . Replacing Kennedy AZUZ : It 's a situation that 's taking place right now after Senator Kennedy 's death last week at the age of 77 . Funeral services were held in Boston on Saturday . President Obama and the first lady attended , along with past presidents and many of Kennedy 's colleagues in the U.S. Senate . People gathered to honor the late senator , both in the streets of Boston and on the steps of the U.S. Capitol building in Washington , D.C. Senator Kennedy was laid to rest Saturday evening in Arlington National Cemetery . We just mentioned how Massachusetts selects a Senate replacement . But recently , someone asked that the state 's law be changed : Ted Kennedy . He wanted his seat to be filled quickly . Jessica Yellin looks at why . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP JESSICA YELLIN , CNN POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT : Before he died , Sen. Kennedy sent a letter to his state 's top officials writing , "  I believe it is vital for this commonwealth to have two votes in the Senate . " He asked that state law be changed to allow the governor to appoint someone to Kennedy 's seat as soon as it became vacant . Massachusetts ' new senior senator echoed that request . SEN. JOHN KERRY ,  D  MASSACHUSETTS : He 's asking simply for a temporary ability to appoint someone who will not run , who will not get in the way of other people who want to run , who will be there for a moment only . YELLIN : Currently , the state is required to hold a special election , which would happen January 19th at the earliest . That 's probably too late for a vote on health care reform , the issue Kennedy called "  the cause of my life . " In this climate , Democrats need every vote they can get . The math is not good . With Kennedy 's death , Democrats are one vote shy of a 60 vote super majority . They could try to pass reform using a special tactic called "  reconciliation , " that requires only 51 votes . But Senator Robert Byrd is ill and top Democrats worry at least six of their own Senators plus independent Joe Lieberman could vote no , depending on the contents of the bill . If they pick up no Republicans and lose all fence sitters , Democrats have barely enough votes to pass health care reform . Massachusetts ' governor is pressing lawmakers to change the law and give Democrats that vote . GOV. DEVAL PATRICK ,  D  MASSACHUSETTS : I 'm hoping that the legislature will turn to it and turn to it soon , and if they send me a bill , I will sign it . YELLIN : State leaders have not made clear whether they favor a temporary appointment , but top national Democrats tell CNN they believe lawmakers will ultimately support it . END VIDEO CLIP Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Snidman 's current events classes at Ladue Horton Watkins High School in Ladue , Missouri . How many more space shuttle missions has NASA scheduled ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Three , B  Six , C  Twelve or D  Fifteen ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! NASA is planning six more shuttle missions , with the last one launching in September 2010 . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Shuttle Liftoff AZUZ : Those six planned trips we mentioned do n't include the current mission of the space shuttle Discovery , because it already took off . The shuttle launched just before midnight Friday night , and was scheduled to meet up with the international space station last night . Discovery will be connected to the ISS for eight days , transferring supplies and equipment to the orbiting station . This marks just the second time that thirteen people -- the full crews of Discovery and the ISS -- will be on one spacecraft at the same time . California Wildfires AZUZ : Coming back down to Earth , California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has declared a state of emergency because of a raging wildfire in Los Angeles country . This move will help free up resources to help fight the blaze . As of yesterday afternoon , no deaths had been reported , although several people had been injured . The flames are threatening more than 12,000 buildings in the area , forcing thousands of people to evacuate . More than 1,800 firefighters were battling the blaze , which Gov. Schwarzenegger says is one of more than half a dozen wildfires burning across the state . Jimena Path AZUZ : Experts say residents in southern California also need to keep an eye on Hurricane Jimena . Yesterday afternoon , the storm was a Category 4 , with winds of 135 miles per hour . It was approaching Baja , California , which is actually part of Mexico , and moving through the Pacific Ocean heading north . Jimena is the 10th named storm of the Pacific hurricane season . That 's a totally separate list from the Atlantic season , which so far has seen storms like Bill and Danny . Blog Report AZUZ : Following up on last Friday 's story about schools reducing bus service to save money , here 's what some of you guys had to say about it . Katie says "  schools have to do whatever it takes to survive in our economy . If it takes budget cuts and fewer school bus stops , then that 's what they have to do . " But Syera disagrees , writing that "  some students might not have rides to school ; they should not have to walk . And some students do n't own a bike . " Janai felt the same way , noting that "  not all parents had other options -- besides the bus -- on getting their child to and from school . " Thomas wrote this on Facebook : "  Cutting busses ... Encouraging students to walk to school ... It 's helping both the environment and improving your health . " But back on the blog , Austin said , "  You hear about all kinds of money being spent on other somewhat useless things . Ca n't they give just a little more to the school systems ? " Tell us what you think about all this on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com . And for the blog , please remember , it is first names only . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , trying to set world records can be a slippery slope , especially when it involves an attempt at the world 's biggest slip 'n slide . Or slip 'n scoot . Maybe slip 'n crawl . Are you sure you guys know how this is supposed to work ? Looks like organizers pulled out all the stops to break the record . They laid out a 575 foot slide , they turned on the water , then they sent 235 people down the hill . Goodbye AZUZ : It 's just too bad that was n't enough to break the record . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz . You guys have a great day .	Explore the reasons behind a shift in political power in Japan Consider what could be next for Ted Kennedy 's seat in the U.S. Senate Find out how many shuttle missions remain on NASA 's schedule
