CNN  -- I logged onto Facebook this afternoon , terrified of what I would read . I grew up near Newtown , Connecticut , and went to high school in Danbury , Connecticut . A close friend spent her childhood at Sandy Hook Elementary School , the school where a shooter killed at least 26 people today , police said , most of them children . Police reports are still coming in , and we are only beginning to grasp the scale of this tragedy . Friends are describing their panic as they try to reach their children in schools that are on lockdown . One of my high school classmates is trying to support her best friend , whose daughter was one of the children killed . My Facebook timeline is filled with expressions of relief for those who escaped the violence , sorrow for those lost , and prayers for recovery . It 's also filled with friends demanding that America take action on gun control . Their calls are answered by others who protest that this is a time to mourn , not a time for politics . A tragedy like today 's shooting demands we both mourn and take action . In April of this year , One L. Goh shot 10 nursing students at Oikos University in Oakland , California . In July , James Holmes shot 70 people in a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado . In August , Wade Michael Page shot 10 people in a Sikh gurdwara in Oak Creek , Wisconsin . With today 's tragedy , 2012 is likely to be the worst year for mass gun violence in U.S. history . It follows a year in which a mass shooting killed six and critically injured Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . And on Tuesday two people killed when a gunman opened fire at a shopping mall in Oregon . News : ` Our hearts are broken ' Outside of these mass shooting incidents covered by the media , 2012 is likely to be a bad one in terms of "  ordinary " shootings . The CDC reports that 30,759 were treated in hospitals for gunshot wounds in 2011 , a 47 % increase over 2001 . Homicide rates in the U.S. are going down while incidences of shootings are increasing , because doctors are now so experienced at treating gunshot wounds that they are saving more lives . Yet conventional wisdom argues that the U.S. is too polarized and divided for any meaningful changes to our broken and inadequate gun laws . The National Rifle Association and other lobbying groups are too well-funded and powerful for politicians to stand behind even modest gun control measures , like Sen. Frank Lautenberg 's proposed ban on high-capacity magazines , which lapsed in 2004 . Americans who follow the gun-control debate have stopped expecting change in the wake of events like today 's shooting for the simple reason of precedent : If Aurora , Oak Creek , Tuscon and Columbine have n't changed the politics of gun control , why should we believe the tragedy in Newtown will have a different outcome ? The NRA 's most powerful weapon against gun control is n't postcard campaigns , primary battles or political advertising . It 's silence . So long as we assume gun control is impossible , we do n't talk about gun control . So long as we do n't talk about gun control , gun control is impossible . The NRA fights any attempts to control firearms , no matter how common-sensical , because their greatest fear is public debate over any controls over guns . Once we begin discussing whether it 's reasonable for civilians to be able to buy unlimited amounts of ammunition without a background check , we 've moved gun control from the realm of the unthinkable into the possible . News : Support crucial for kids after trauma It sounds reasonable and compassionate when New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie responded to the Aurora shootings by demanding , "  This is just not the appropriate time to be grandstanding about gun laws . Can we at least get through the initial grief and tragedy for these families ? " Christie , and my friends on Facebook who demand we mourn apolitically , have the best of intentions , but they are missing a simple truth . Moments like today 's tragedy in Newtown remind us that the U.S. suffers from an epidemic of gun violence , a pattern that does not exist in other highly developed nations . Moments of crisis , like the shooting in Newtown , tend to produce brief spikes of popular interest in gun control . My research on media attention suggests these spikes are extremely short-lived , and that they may be decreasing in intensity . There was less popular interest in gun control , as measured by Google searches , after the Gabrielle Giffords shooting and the Aurora killings than after Virginia Tech . There were almost no spikes of popular interest in gun control after "  smaller " mass shootings , like that in Oak Creek . To have any chance of combating the NRA 's campaign of silence , gun control groups have to seize moments of media attention to push for change . When the story about the Newtown shooter comes out , it is likely that we will hear about a disturbed and deranged shooter and about "  senseless violence , " as if to distinguish it from more sensible gun violence . This language turns mass shootings into natural disasters , as unpredictable and preventable as hurricanes and tornados . Human behavior is unpredictable , but gun violence is not . In Chengping , Henan , China today , a deranged man slashed 22 schoolchildren with a knife . None died . School shootings in America are a product both of mad people and bad laws . As we learn more about the young children killed in Newtown today , we will hear calls not to "  politicize " their deaths . I urge you to ignore those calls . There is no better way to mourn these senseless deaths than to demand we change our laws and our culture so that the killing of innocent children truly becomes unthinkable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ethan Zuckerman .	Ethan Zuckerman : Friends react to Newtown shooting with grief , prayers , calls for gun control He says some say talk about gun control insensitive ; he says no . We must mourn and act He says 2012 may be worst year for gun violence in U.S. , yet we avoid talk of gun control Writer : Best way to mourn these deaths is to demand we change our laws , our culture
Anaheim , California  CNN  -- As tensions roil between Latinos and city officials over accusations of police brutality , Hispanic activists will press the Anaheim City Council for a way to have at least one elected Latino to represent them , leaders said Thursday . Their pledge to continue their grass-roots campaign came after the City Council rejected Wednesday night a ballot measure that would have established voting districts , including at least one to represent Latino neighborhoods . The measure , voted down 3-2 after more than three hours of passionate appeals by residents , would have ended how city council members are now elected at-large . Latino residents feel that under the current conditions they are not being represented adequately -- especially in the wake of videotaped violent confrontations between police and Latino residents . Last month videos captured protestors confronting Anaheim police and officers shooting rubber bullets at mostly Latino residents . One video also shows a police dog running at several people and biting a man in the arm . The City Council is scheduled to meet again August 21 , and Latino residents said they would be back to call for city leadership to reflect the diversity of the community . "  When you have a representative that lives in the neighborhood and that is elected , he 's responsible to address the needs of that community , " said MartÃn LÃ ³ pez , a community activist . "  I believe if we had districts , it would be easier for these people to deal with the socio-economic problems from our communities that have been forgotten . " Anaheim resident Juan Alvarez is the son of Mexican immigrants who supports the districting ballot measure , but told CNN he has an issue with the idea that new representatives have to be Hispanic . "  I think it 's all about what does a representative have to say , how are they going to fix the issues , what can they do for the community and how can they serve . That 's the way we should choose our officials , " Alvarez said . "  But definitely districting will help alleviate a lot of the issues . " Currently , 52 % of the city 's 336,000 residents are Latino but few have held public office . The City Council struck down the ballot measure saying it needs to be studied more and instead they will put into place a citizen 's advisory committee on elections and community involvement . Anaheim Mayor Tom Tait was among the supporters of the measure to elect council members from districts . "  I believe Anaheim residents should have a say in how they want to be governed , " Tait told CNN . "  District elections bring government closer to the people . Whether this is accomplished through the courts or the vote of the people , district elections are Anaheim 's future . " Also in attendance was Genevieve Huizar , the mother of Manuel Angel Diaz , the 25-year-old unarmed man whom a police officer shot to death last month . Bob Dunn , spokesman for the Anaheim Police Department , said the officer fired in self-defense . Police said Diaz was a gang member and held a concealed object in his front waistband with both hands . Police added that Diaz had a criminal record that included various drug charges . "  The entire family of Manuel Diaz is disappointed in the council 's vote yesterday , although she appreciates the efforts of the council that voted in favor it , " Dana Douglas , attorney for the Diaz family , told CNN . The mother "  wants people to demonstrate and make their voices heard , but peacefully . She 's not going to stop until there is justice for her son 's dead and fair treatment for all the people of Anaheim , " said Douglas . When Huizar spoke at the council meeting , she was interrupted by a person who yelled , "  You are a bad mother ! " This caused commotion as the man who shouted the comment immediately left the meeting . Diaz 's family filed a $ 50 million lawsuit July 24 in Orange County Superior Court against the Anaheim police department and the officers involved in the shooting . According to Douglas , the money that Huizar recovers for the death of her son will be used to create a community center or some other facility in her son 's name to benefit underserved children in the community . A day after Diaz 's death , police killed another man , Joel Acevedo , 21 , after a brief pursuit that involved Acevedo allegedly opening fire on police . The violence sparked outrage within the community and a series of protests aimed at the police . On July 24 , hundreds of demonstrators flooded the streets of downtown Anaheim vandalizing shops , including smashing the windows of a Starbucks and looting apparel from retailers at the Anaheim Towne Center mall . The violence was at odds with how Anaheim is home to Disneyland , which markets itself as the "  happiest place on Earth . " The American Civil Liberties Union also filed a lawsuit July 28 in Orange County Superior Court suing the city of Anaheim for violating the California Voting Rights Act by excluding the city 's Latino community with the at-large process to elect city officials . The suit seeks to change Anaheim 's election policies by adopting districting to guarantee diversity in representation . Some Anaheim residents at Wednesday 's meeting said the change needs to start with the police department in order to rebuild the relationship between the city and its residents . "  I would like for the officers to be more patient , not to be so scared . Just because of one man , does n't mean that everybody 's the same , " said Anaheim resident Perla Castillo . "  There 's people that are nice , that are hard workers and if there 's riots and stuff it 's because they do n't have answers . " Other Latino residents at the meeting expressed their support for the actions of the police department . "  I really think that the community needs to look at themselves , " said Anaheim resident Alexandra Araiza . "  And realize that their kids might be the problem . " Anaheim police officers have shot seven people , killing five , since January 1 and said the shootings are a result of the increase in gang-related crime in the last year . Mayor Tait said he asked the U.S. Attorney 's office in Los Angeles to investigate the Diaz and Acevedo shootings , but said the city would not tolerate unlawful protests . Meanwhile , more than 17,000 Orange County residents signed a petition that was delivered July 30 to the California attorney general 's office and seeks a state investigation of the Anaheim police in the wake of the fatal shootings , according to Presente.org , a national Latino advocacy group that collected the petition signatures . "  We 're trying to do the best we can in the neighborhoods that are controlled by gangs , " said Anaheim Police Chief John Welter . "  We do n't want to be seen as law enforcement to come in and just do nothing but be an occupying army of a neighborhood . "  We want to have a good relationship with our residents so that they can do more about helping us stop the crime before it occurs . "	Anaheim City Council says no to a ballot measure about creating election districts Latino leaders ask police to tone down use of force and seek a seat on council Mother of man killed by officer sues police for $ 50 million Anaheim is home to Disneyland , "  the happiest place on Earth "
CNN  -- Like many voters on Election Day , Nurul Aman and his family dutifully rose before sunrise and headed to the polls in Andover , Massachusetts , to cast their votes . Nurul , Nilufur and Samuel Aman voted as a family for Barack Obama in their first presidential election this year . But this election was especially significant for Aman , wife Nilufur and son Samuel , who were all voting for the first time . "  As the first-time voter , it was emotionally remarkable to perform my civic duty , " said Aman , a Bangladeshi native who became a U.S. citizen in 2005 . "  I felt great taking the ownership of this voting process that created a historic moment for the nation and the world . " As a family , the Amans represented two major groups from the bloc of first-time voters , which accounted for roughly 11 percent of this year 's electorate . Samuel Aman is a college student , and his parents , both in their 50s , are recent citizens . An overwhelming majority of first-time voters , including the Amans , voted for Sen. Barack Obama over Sen. John McCain by a margin of 69 to 31 percent , CNN exit polls show . For Aman , a business and economics professor at the University of Massachusetts , it was an easy choice . He felt that Obama 's campaign reflected a "  paradigm shift " that would restore the American dream that had drawn Aman to the United States as a post-graduate student in the 1980s . "  I expect Obama will restore the American dream and create economic security by creating new jobs in new fields like alternative energy , science and math , global warming and health care . That is the only way economy can get back on track , " Aman said . Aman 's views reflect those of first-time voters who were drawn to Obama for his pledges to restore the America dream . Now , with Obama headed for the White House , first-time voters are hoping he will stick to his campaign promises . Alex Patel became a citizen in 1995 , but he was n't inspired to vote until now because of America 's deteriorating image abroad . "  This time , I felt it was very important to vote , because I saw where the country was heading , in a very opposite direction from the rest of world , " said Patel , who moved to the Houston , Texas , area from India with his parents in 1990 . Patel said Obama campaigned on issues that were important to him : working with allies on security issues , energy concerns , civil rights issues like closing the Guantanamo Bay detention facility and withdrawing troops from Iraq . For young voters , discontent over the Iraq war emerged as a key issue , according to CNN exit polls . "  The first thing I want Obama to do is to get our men out of Iraq ; that 's all that really matters to me right now , " Clara Baldwin , a sophomore majoring in secondary education in English at Gallaudet University in Washington , wrote in an e-mail . "  We have really spent a lot on war ; why not focus on our own economy ? " Like many college students , Baldwin also considered the candidates ' positions on issues that affect her directly . As a deaf person , she looked for the candidates ' disability plans and could find one only for Democrats . Gillian McGrath , a Temple University senior who is studying social work , hopes Obama will make good on his promise to implement funding for social services so that she can do her job -- if she finds one . "  A lot of families ca n't afford food and need food stamps and health care , even just child care so they can finish school or go to work , " said McGrath , who volunteers with children at her local Police Athletic League . "  I 'm hoping he 'll start taking out troops and create more jobs , especially within social service agencies , because I 'm going to need a job when I get out of school . " About 66 percent of voters between the ages of 18 to 29 cast ballots for Obama , a number attributed to his campaign 's use of new media , including the Internet and mobile media . But equally inviting among young voters was his fresh perspective and direct appeals to them to become engaged in the process . "  The fact that Obama appealed so much to the youth to make us feel like our voices count , they 've grown to idolize him . That 's what kind of sparked my interest . He really mobilized youth , " said Sophia Le Fraga , a freshman at New York University . For many new citizens struggling with English , the act of casting a vote was their own form of civic commitment . "  When you do n't speak English , it 's difficult to be heard , but the person who votes speaks for himself and the community , " said Ysidra Frias , a Dominican living in Lynn , Massachusetts , who became a U.S. citizen in January 2007 . After becoming a citizen , Frias became active in the Massachusetts-based community organization Neighbor 2 Neighbor , which helped register 1,111 voters in low-income neighborhoods throughout the state . Frias said that for minorities like her , Obama was a sympathetic voice who understood the pervasive effect of poverty , unemployment and lack of social services in their communities . "  He talks about creating sources of employment and social programs , but he also talks about how the communities must help themselves , "  said Frias , who plans to continue working for Neighbor 2 Neighbor to help bring about the changes Obama has promised . "  To give a plate of food to the hungry does n't help , because where does the next meal come from ? Obama gives us hope for finding the tools to help ourselves . " Then there were others who were dislodged from political apathy by the prospect of casting a historic ballot for the first African-American president . "  I actually started paying attention because Obama was a black man running , but once I started listening , he started making sense to me , and I decided to get out there and vote , " said Michael Fogle , an African-American grocery store stocker and father of five from Lexington , Kentucky . Those who voted for McCain are less optimistic about what an Obama presidency will do for them . "  I hope he succeeds , simply because I care for our country too much , but I do n't really expect him to , " said Keith Neely , a senior at Brentwood High School in Brentwood , Tennessee . "  More specifically , I 'm unsure as to which Obama will be inaugurated in January . Will it be the more liberal Democratic primary Obama , or will it be the more moderate general election Obama ? " Neely said in an e-mail to CNN.com . "  I firmly believe that Barack Obama has the ability to be a successful president , but that depends entirely on his willingness to stick to his campaign promises and avoid the temptation that an extremely liberal congress will provide . "	First-time voters such as students , new citizens made up 11 percent of electorate 69 percent of new voters chose Barack Obama based on platform of change College students want Obama to end war , improve job market for them to enter New citizens hope Obama will boost economy , improve America 's image abroad
CNN  -- Iranian intelligence officials have detained the sister of Nobel laureate Shirin Ebadi , the Iranian lawyer and human rights activist said . Ebadi said Monday that three men and a woman arrived at the Tehran home she shared with her sister , searched the house and seized Nushin Ebadi , 47 , and her computer . "  They have detained her so I stop my work , " Shirin Ebadi , 62 , told CNN 's Reza Sayah in a phone call from London . "  She has done nothing wrong . She 's not involved in human rights work , and she 's never participated in any of the protests . " Nushin Ebadi 's arrest came in the middle of a deadly crackdown on anti-government protests that has left at least eight dead , according to the Supreme National Security Council , although the Iranian government denies its forces have killed anyone . Shirin Ebadi , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2003 for her human rights work , left Iran for a conference in Spain the day before June presidential elections that sparked an earlier round of violent protests . Friends , she said , warned her not to return to Tehran . The Nobel laureate said she spoke with her sister Monday , a few hours before the 9 p.m. visit by ministry officials while Nushin Ebadi was at home with her husband and two sons . Iranian Information Ministry officials contacted Nushin Ebadi several times previously , her sister said , telling her to leave their apartment and warning her not to contact her sister . Both women thought those demands were absurd . "  Not only does my sister not do any human rights work , she does n't do any cultural work either , " Shirin Ebadi said . "  They only took her because of me . " Information Ministry officials contacted Nushin Ebadi on Wednesday and told her to tell her sister to stop her work and stop saying the things she says , according to her sister . Nushin responded , Shirin said , that her sister was 15 years older and would not listen . Shirin Ebadi 's law firm represents seven members of Iran 's Baha'i Community who have been charged with espionage . She said she is certain Iranian officials are trying to intimidate her by harassing her sister , but , she said , she will not back down . "  They want to intimidate me , " she said . "  The only thing they want is for me to change my work . " "  I am worried . I 'm worried because she -LSB- Nushin Ebadi -RSB- was detained because of the work I do , " she said , adding it was that work that made Nushin a target . "  She 's not interested in this kind of work . She 's not involved in this kind of work . " Shirin Ebadi said she advised her sister to contact an attorney when Information Ministry officials first began approaching her and that she did so . Nushin Ebadi and her husband are professors of dentistry at Azad University in Tehran , Shirin Ebadi said , and Nushin Ebadi 's husband also has a private dental practice .	Ebadi left Iran for a conference in Spain the day before June presidential elections Friends warned her not to return to Iran , Ebadi says Iranian Information Ministry officials contacted sister several times , Ebadi says
CNN  -- "  Now we 'll never know whether Tony Soprano got whacked or not . " This , believe it or not , was how somebody on a social networking site greeted last night 's shocking news of James Gandolfini 's death , at 51 , of a heart attack while vacationing in Europe . The first thing you want to say to this is : Really ? Six years have passed since the last episode of "  The Sopranos " left the fate of its psychically damaged crime boss and suburban patriarch to speculation -- and you still want closure after all this time ? Is that really the first thing you thought about after someone died so young , so unexpectedly ? On the one hand , this sounds at best shallow and at worst callous . It is true , of course , that Tony Soprano , one of the great characters in American television and folklore , was indeed the role of a lifetime , for which Gandolfini was deservedly honored with multiple Emmys , unanimous acclaim and the type of reverberating legacy that is rarer than awards or praise .  It may be somewhat premature to call this immortality , but we 'll see in another 30 years or so . Appreciation : James Gandolfini , a pure actor It is also true that in what turns out to have been a painfully brief time , Gandolfini had also distinguished himself in many roles on stage and screen in which his gruff , bearish demeanor proved adaptable enough to play everything from a well-heeled New York parent in the 2009 Broadway production of "  God of Carnage " to the recalcitrant father of an aspiring rocker in "  Not Fade Away , " last year 's movie-directorial debut of "  Sopranos " creator David Chase . He could also veer into the offbeat with surprising results , making a poignant impression while giving wounded , anxious voice to one of the beasts in Spike Jonze 's 2009 movie adaptation of "  Where the Wild Things Are , " a film I liked better than most of my fellow film critics did at the time . In last year 's "  Zero Dark Thirty " he made a deeper impression playing CIA director Leon Panetta than his relatively brief screen time would have suggested . It was the resume of the consummate character actor . And yet , it 's just possible that only an actor as versatile and magnetic as Gandolfini could have rendered a character as complicated , forbidding and intimately familiar as Tony Soprano powerfully enough to have raised the bar for dramatic television . David Chase set the table for his quirky crime series by giving his menacing main character a streak of emotional vulnerability so deep and wide that he needed psychotherapy to cope with the consequences of his actions -- and the often trauma-inducing behavior of his family members . Galdolfini left his mark on New Jersey And for all the tough talk , squalid activities and violent reprisals endemic to his profession , Tony was also flummoxed by life as a well-heeled New Jersey businessman trying to get his daughter into a decent college , his son into a better  less illicit  line of work and his wife to accept his peccadillos and keep the household together while he tried to keep his motley troops in line and the authorities at bay . One minute he could scare you  and his shrink  with his flashes of intense anger ; the next minute he made you empathize with his obsessive fascination with the wildlife  ducks , bears , etc.  wandering into his spacious backyard . He was both a dedicated thug and a lost soul , a philandering sociopath who lugged his own unwieldy , twisted sense of propriety and honor . It was this tension between Tony 's warring selves that , as much as any of the show 's other virtues , kept millions of viewers riveted to "  The Sopranos " for six seasons . It also broadened the possibilities for new dramatic series featuring lead characters with similarly conflicted morals and sordid deeds . In other words : Without Tony Soprano , there would be no Don Draper of "  Mad Men "  created by "  Sopranos " writer Matthew Weiner  or Walter White of "  Breaking Bad . " From the mouth of Tony Soprano : Best quotes And without James Gandolfini bringing his own intelligence , charisma and intuitive graces to Tony Soprano 's portrayal , television might have been more resistant to the deeper , more complex drama that has catapulted the medium to being the main event in American popular culture . Gandolfini , known among fellow actors and others for his generosity of spirit toward others , gave all of us a gift that will keep on giving for generations . The real regret , the awful , terrible knowledge that informed so many grief-stricken tributes online Wednesday , is not that we 'll never know what happened to Tony Soprano at that last supper . It 's that we 'll never have a chance to see all the other wonderful gifts we would have received from the man who brought him to riveting , haunting life . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : James Gandolfini helped elevate the medium of dramatic television Without an actor of his gifts , the character of Tony Soprano might not have worked , he says Seymour : Complex , conflicted Tony Soprano paved the way for others such as Don Draper He says it 's sad that we wo n't get to see Gandolfini make other dramatic breakthroughs
CNN  -- Two of Europe 's smaller clubs got lucky on Friday following match-fixing sanctions imposed on Turkish teams . APOEL Nicosia and Tromso were the beneficiaries of match-fixing bans handed out to Fenerbahce and Besiktas relating to games in Turkish football . Fenerbahce had an appeal against a two-year ban from European competition rejected by the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  on Wednesday . Cypriot champions APOEL were beaten in this week 's Europa League playoff matches by Belgium 's Zulte Waregem , but emerged as the "  lucky loser " plucked from a draw conducted by UEFA in Monaco on Friday . . It means APOEL will compete in the group stages of Europe 's second-tier club competition against France 's Bordeaux , Eintracht Frankfurt of Germany and Israeli club Maccabi Tel Aviv in Group F. APOEL are best known for a run to the Champions League quarterfinals in 2012 , where they were beaten over two legs by Real Madrid . Besiktas , another Turkish club banned from European competition for match-fixing , also saw their appeal over a one-year sanction rejected by the CAS on Friday . The Istanbul team beat Tromso in the Europa League playoffs , but the Norwegian club will now take Besiktas ' place in the group stages . Blog : Can Qatar 's World Cup be moved ? Tromso were drawn in Group K alongside English Premier League team Tottenham Hotspur , Russia 's Anzhi Makhachkala and Sherrif Tiraspol of Moldova . Elsewhere , Valencia , Champions League finalists in 2000 and 2001 and winners of this competition in 2004 , have been drawn against English League Cup winners Swansea City , Kuban of Russia and Swiss team St Gallen in Group A. Valencia 's fellow Spaniards Sevilla , winners of the Europa League in 2006 and 2007 , are in Group H along with Freiburg of Germany , Portugal 's Estoril and Czech side Liberec . Chelsea won the competition last year , beating Benfica in the final . Jose Mourinho 's team play Champions League winners Bayern Munich in the European Super Cup in Prague on Friday .	APOEL Nicosia and Tromso given places in the Europa League APOEL replace Fenerbahce in the group stages as a "  lucky loser " Tromso replace Besiktas after losing to the Turkish team on Thursday Fenerbahce and Besiktas are both banned from competing due to match-fixing
RollingStone.com  -- Lady Gaga and Elton John , who teamed up to open the 52nd Annual Grammys back in January , have collaborated on a new song , "  Hello , Hello . " It will appear on the soundtrack for the animated Disney film "  Gnomeo and Juliet "  and not on Gaga 's upcoming album "  Born This Way , "  EW 's The Music Mix reports . The film hits theaters February 11th , 2011 . Gaga and John performed "  Pokerface , " "  Speechless " and Elton 's "  Your Song " at the Grammys , and John has since been keen on working with Gaga on new music . "  I 'd love to -LSB- work with her -RSB- in the future , " John recently told EW . "  There 's a chance I might do one track with her -LSB- for "  Born This Way , " -RSB- but it 's just , she 's so busy , and I 'm so busy , we can never get together ! " See Lady Gaga 's Wildest Looks John , who is a producer on "  Gnomeo and Juliet , " co-wrote the movie 's soundtrack with composer James Newton Howard . He has contributed music to movies before -- most notably with his Oscar-winning "  The Lion King " soundtrack -- "  Hello , Hello " marks Gaga 's first contribution to a film . Photos : Random Notes Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Gaga and John 's song "  Hello , Hello " will appear on the soundtrack for a Disney film The animated film , "  Gnomeo and Juliet , " hits theaters on February 11th , 2011 John has contributed music to movies before , most notably with "  The Lion King " soundtrack
CNN  -- North Korea has raised political tensions on the peninsula with a barrage of bombastic comments directed at its enemies South Korea and the United States . Even by North Korean standards , the series of threats during the past six weeks by enigmatic young leader Kim Jong Un have been incredibly provocative , making the situation worrisome for analysts . Here 's a look at Kim 's escalating rhetoric and his country 's actions since he came to power after his father 's death in 2011 : March 2012 As South Korea hosts world leaders at an international nuclear security summit in Seoul , North Korea moves a long-range rocket toward a launch pad . Pyongyang says it plans to carry out the test in mid-April as part of a commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the nation 's founder and Kim 's grandfather . April 2012 Defying warnings by U.S. President Barack Obama that Kim has nothing to gain from provocations , Pyongyang launches the rocket . It breaks apart and falls into the sea . August 2012 Kim visits the same military unit behind a 2010 attack on South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island , where he reminds the troops to be ready to fight a "  sacred war " against Seoul . The North Korean leader makes the veiled threat just ahead of an annual war games exercise conducted on the Korean Peninsula by the United States and South Korea . The dictator calls the joint Seoul-Washington military exercises a "  war rehearsal " to invade . October 2012 North Korea claims to have developed missiles that can reach the U.S. mainland . December 2012 Kim announces plans to launch another long-range rocket in a renewed effort to send a satellite into space . Two days after the government announces the launch window is being pushed back because of technical issues , the rocket lifts off from the west coast of North Korea . Pyongyang declares the mission a success . January 2013 North Korea announces it is planning a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches , all of which it says are part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States . The threats come two days after the U.N. Security Council approves the broadening of sanctions in response to the rocket launch in December that apparently put a satellite in orbit . February 2013 North Korea carries out an underground nuclear bomb test on February 12 . The test is designed "  to defend the country 's security and sovereignty in the face of the ferocious hostile act of the U.S. , " the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency says at the time , referring to new U.S.-led sanctions . "  This nuclear test is our first measure , which displayed our maximum restraint . ... If the U.S. continues with their hostility and complicates the situation , it would be inevitable to continuously conduct a stronger second or third measure . " March 2013 Angered by U.N. Security Council sanctions over its nuclear test , North Korea threatens for the first time to launch a preemptive nuclear strike against the U.S. and South Korea . It 's one of a series of provocative threats and , in some cases , actions by North Korea that begin with Pyongyang saying it is scrapping the 1953 truce that effectively ended the Korean War . At the same time , it cuts off its direct phone links with South Korea at Panmunjom , the abandoned village that sits on the border between the two countries . North Korea then doubles down on the threat , saying it is nullifying the joint declaration on the de-nuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . One of the country 's top generals , according to published reports , claims Pyongyang has nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missiles that are ready to be fired . Although U.S. officials do n't believe North Korea is in a position to strike the United States , the Obama administration responds to the threat by announcing plans to deploy additional ground-based missile interceptors on the West Coast . U.S. officials also say B-52 bombers are making flights over South Korea as part of annual , joint military exercises this month that have enraged North Korea . Pyongyang releases a new propaganda video that shows an imagined missile attack on U.S. government buildings in Washington , including the White House and the Capitol . The roughly four-minute video is posted on the YouTube channel of the North Korean government website , Uriminzokkiri . North Korea threatens to attack U.S. and South Korea bases , putting its troops on alert . It announces through state-run media that the military is ready for combat . The threat follows claims that U.S. B-52 bombers again made flights over South Korea . Later it 's revealed that F-22 Raptors and B-2 stealth bombers also take part in the U.S.-South Korea drills . Pyongyang says it 's readying rockets aimed at U.S. targets , releasing photos that show Kim meeting with military officials with strike plans on U.S. maps visible in the background . The North also cuts its last military hotline with South Korea . April 2013 North Korea begins the month pledging to restart its Yongbyon nuclear complex , including a uranium enrichment plant and a reactor that was shut down under an agreement reached in October 2007 during talks among North Korea , the United States and four other nations . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry responds by warning the United States will not accept North Korea as a "  nuclear state . " Later that week , Pyongyang warns that it can not guarantee the safety of safety of embassies and international organizations in the event of armed conflict . It comes as a U.S. official tells CNN that two medium-range missiles have been loaded onto mobile launchers along North Korea 's east coast . Tensions then move to a joint industrial complex that serves as an important symbol of cooperation between the two countries . The Kaesong Industrial Complex sits on the North 's side of the border but houses operations of scores of South Korean companies . Pyongyang blocks the entrance of hundreds of South Korean workers to Kaesong , where more than 50,000 North Koreans work , producing hundreds of millions of dollars worth of goods each year . Soon after , North Korea warns foreigners to secure shelter or evacuate in case of hostilities , as Japan moves its missile defense systems into place at three sites around Tokyo . A U.S. official , who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the information , tells CNN recent intelligence suggests that a missile test could be "  imminent . " Meanwhile , North Korea 's state media published articles that described festive events , suggesting a much less fraught situation inside the country . The state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  reported that various sporting events were happening or scheduled to take place to mark the 101st anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of North Korea and the grandfather of Kim Jong Un . "  The ongoing sports tournaments make the country seethe with holiday atmosphere , " KCNA said . Kim Il Sung 's birthday , known as the Day of the Sun , is a major public holiday in North Korea . CNN 's Elise Labott , Jethro Mullen and Brad Lendon contributed to this report	U.S. and South Korean officials believe Pyongyang poised on a missile test North Korea warns foreigners in South Korea to leave , following similar advice to diplomats Pyongyang blocks workers from entering joint commercial zone operated with South
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq awarded a lucrative oil contract to BP and China National Petroleum Corp. , government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said Wednesday , while rejecting other companies ' offers for other oil fields . BP and China National Petroleum Corporation have won a lucrative oil contract in Iraq . The joint BP-CNPC bid was for the al-Rumeila oil field , one of the largest in the world . The energy companies are expected to increase production at the oil field by 50 percent , to 285,000 barrels a day , for a service charge of $ 2 for each additional barrel produced , al-Dabbagh said in a statement . The Iraqi government rejected bids for five other oil fields and a natural gas field because the bidders did not agree to the service charge set by the Ministry of Oil , he said . The Ministry of Oil rejected the idea that the failure to award more than one contract made the much-anticipated auction a flop . Iraq did not say how much the BP-CNPC bid was worth . It runs for 20 years . Oil Minister Hussein Shahrastani chaired the government-sponsored auction for the oil and natural gas field contracts Tuesday , after a day 's delay due to a sandstorm . Much of the auction was broadcast live on state television , which Ministry of Oil spokesman Assem Jihad told CNN was a sign of the transparency of the process . He said the government was satisfied with the auction , even though only one contract was awarded , because the contract was for Iraq 's largest oil field . Iraq plans to open bidding this year on 10 more oil fields and one natural gas field , all of which are undeveloped , Jihad said . The companies whose bids were rejected Tuesday have been given time to review their offers , he said . Iraq has some of the largest oil reserves in the world , with an estimated 115 billion barrels -- tying Iran for second place , behind Saudi Arabia 's 264 billion barrels , according to estimates from the Energy Information Administration in the United States . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh in Baghdad contributed to this report .	Iraq awards lucrative oil contract to BP , China National Petroleum Corporation The joint BP-CNPC bid was for the giant al-Rumeila oil field Energy companies expected to increase production at the field by 50 percent
UNITED NATIONS  Reuters  -- The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously on Tuesday to authorize up to 26,000 troops and police in an effort to stop attacks on millions of displaced civilians in Sudan 's Darfur region . A Sudanese boy at the Sheria Camp for Internally Displaced People in southern Darfur in July . Expected to cost more than $ 2 billion in the first year , the combined United Nations-African Union operation aims to quell violence in Darfur , where more than 2.1 million people have been driven into camps and an estimated 200,000 have died over the last four years . The resolution allows the use of force in self-defense , to ensure freedom of movement for humanitarian workers and to protect civilians under attack . But the measure , which has been watered down several times , no longer allows the new force to seize and dispose of illegal arms . Now they can only monitor such weapons . Gone also is a threat of future sanctions , but British Prime Minister Gordon Brown warned on Tuesday that "  if any party blocks progress and the killings continue , I and others will redouble our efforts to impose further sanctions . " "  The plan for Darfur from now on is to achieve a cease-fire , including an end to aerial bombings of civilians ; drive forward peace talks ... and , as peace is established , offer to begin to invest in recovery and reconstruction , " he said on a visit to the United Nations . Specifically , the text authorizes up to 19,555 military personnel and 6,432 civilian police . The resolution calls on member states to finalize their contributions to the new force , called UNAMID or the United Nations-African Union Mission in Darfur , within 30 days . UNAMID would incorporate the under-equipped and under-financed 7,000 African Union troops now in Darfur . Rape , looting , murder and government bombardment drove millions from their homes in Darfur , where mostly non-Arab rebels took up arms in early 2003 , accusing Khartoum of neglecting their arid region . The rebels have now split into a dozen groups , many fighting each other . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	26,000 troops and police will try to stop attacks on displaced people The effort is expected to cost $ 2 billion the first year 2.1 million people are refugees ; an estimated 200,000 Sudanese dead
CNN  American society has a double standard when it comes to sexuality . We have a puritanical taboo against talking about sexuality directly , yet we are fine with the sexual images that pervade television and glossy magazines . We sexualize children in advertising by turning girls into objects that bear little resemblance to what young women actually look like . And we do this in movies where even animated characters take on curvaceous hips and big breasts . But then when it comes to our kids having some kind of sexual identity , we freak out . That needs to stop . We vilify sexting , or sending sexually explicit messages and images via text messaging . But sexting , if not taken to the extreme or exploited by bullies , is not the social evil that it is made out to be . Sexting is a normal part of human sexual expression not only for adolescents , but for adults as well . New data from the Pew Internet and American Life Project show that adults 25 to 34 years old are more likely to sext than those in other age groups . Anxious parents might think that sexting leads to a slew of negative consequences like early and risky sexual behavior . But there is evidence to suggest this is not the case . The proportion of American adolescents who are sexually active has declined in recent years  though the rates are still high and warrant concern  . Adolescent pregnancy rates have also declined over the last two decades , perhaps due to more teenagers using contraception . Sexting is not related to riskier sexual behaviors like having unprotected sex . About the only thing sexting is related to is sexual activity -- adolescents who are sexually active are more likely to sext . Sexting does n't indicate a significant change in teenage sexual behaviors ; it just makes teenage sexual behaviors more visible to adults . Sexting can help adolescents discover their sexual identity , something that is developmentally appropriate in the teenage years , whether they are sexting or not . But sexting is not without problems . Because laws have not yet caught up with the realities of technology use , in some states , a minor could potentially be charged under child pornography laws for sexting . There are a few , rare instances when this has happened . In these cases , there is usually quite a bit of backlash against prosecutors attempting to indict minors under child pornography laws . Seventeen states have created legislation that either decriminalizes sexting or makes it a misdemeanor . States like Florida and Vermont make the creation , possession , or sending of a nude image of a minor by a minor a non-criminal violation for the first offense . That being said , there is nothing stopping an overzealous prosecutor in another state from making an example of a teenager and charging him with the most severe penalty possible . The social consequences of sexting are more troubling . Messages shared in confidence can be shared with other people or broadcast to a wider audience . Luckily , this does n't happen often . One study found only 2 % of sexters had their photo shared with someone they did n't want to see it . Although it 's unlikely , imagine how future employers might evaluate your daughter if they Google her and find a sexually explicit image . What is more likely is that your teenage daughter 's peers will share and shame her for the image . In the worst cases , sexting can lead to tragedy . Thirteen-year-old Hope Witsell sexted a photo to her boyfriend . Somehow , a classmate got hold of the photo and passed it around . Before you know it , the photo went viral . Witsell committed suicide reportedly after repeated bullying and taunts from other students who called her names like "  slut " or "  whore . " Eighteen-year-old Jessica Logan also committed suicide reportedly after her boyfriend circulated a nude picture of her that was meant to be seen in confidence . These cases are heartbreaking . They show that we must educate young people , especially young men , about how harmful such acts can be . And as a society , we must do more to raise awareness and combat bullying and cyberbullying . If sexting is not abused and done discretely , it is an acceptable form of exploration of sexual identity , especially for adolescents . You can talk about sexting as a way to talk with your teenage son or daughter about safe sex . Once you have established a good rapport , explain the pitfalls of sexting -- that if they 're not careful , nude images of them can be shared with the whole world and used to harm their reputations . Adolescents are naturally impulsive because the teenage brain is still developing the ability to self-regulate . Try to be understanding and keep your cool . Remember : Sexting is the ultimate form of safe sex -- the sender and receiver are not even in the same room .	Rey Junco : American society has a double standard when it comes to sexuality Junco : Sexting , if not abused or exploited , is not a social evil He says sexting is a way to express one 's sexual identity , especially for teenagers Junco : But sexting presents legal and social ramifications , including bullying
The parents of Peter Kassig spoke to reporters Monday , asking for prayers and privacy . "  Our hearts are battered , but they will mend . The world is broken , but it will be healed in the end . And good will prevail as the one God of many names will prevail , " Paula Kassig said at a church in Indianapolis . Kassig , 26 , grew up in that city , the only son of Paula and Ed Kassig . A video released over the weekend appears to show the aftermath of his beheading , at the hands of ISIS . He was captured in 2013 while on his way to Deir Ezzor , Syria . While in captivity , he converted to Islam and took the name Abdul-Rahman Kassig . "  Please pray for Abdul-Rahman , or Pete if that 's how you know him , at sunset this evening , " Ed Kassig said . "  Pray also for all people in Syria , in Iraq , and around the world that are held against their will . And lastly , please allow our small family the time and privacy to mourn , cry -- and yes , forgive -- and begin to heal , " he said . Peter Kassig joined the U.S. Army in 2006 . He became part of the elite 75th Ranger Battalion and deployed to Iraq in 2007 . He served only a brief tour . He was honorably discharged for medical reasons and returned to the United States to study political science at Butler University . He also married and quickly divorced . And he felt stirrings of a higher calling even then . "  I was going to school with kids who look the same , were the same age as me , but we were n't the same , " he told CNN 's Arwa Damon in a 2012 interview . "  I wanted more of a challenge , a sense of purpose . " After receiving training in emergency medical skills , Kassig returned to the Middle East -- this time as an aid worker . He later formed a nonprofit , Special Emergency Response and Assistance , to deliver humanitarian aid to Syrians affected by the fighting there . "  I am not a doctor . I am not a nurse , " he said in the 2012 interview . "  But I am a guy who can clean up bandages , help clean up patients , swap out bandages , help run IVs , make people 's quality of life a little bit better . This is something for me that has meaning , that has purpose . " Before his capture , he was not unaware of the dangers of what he was doing , but said his work was crucially important . "  There 's this impression , this belief that there is no hope . That 's when it 's more important than ever , against all odds , to try to do something . " In a letter to his parents , he wrote : "  If I do die , I figure that at least you and I can seek refuge and comfort in knowing that I went out as a result of trying to alleviate suffering and helping those in need . " Margaret Brabant , a professor who served as Kassig 's academic counselor during his time at Butler , said all those who knew him are in mourning , but that even in death , her former student can serve others . "  I hope that our students will learn from this individual , and that he tried to give back to the world and that he cared very deeply and loved the world he was in , " she said . On Sunday , President Barack Obama praised the "  selfless acts of an individual who cared deeply about the plight of the Syrian people . " "  Today we grieve together , yet we also recall that the indomitable spirit of goodness and perseverance that burned so brightly in Abdul-Rahman Kassig , and which binds humanity together , ultimately is the light that will prevail over the darkness of ISIL , " Obama said .	The father of Peter Kassig asks for prayers and time to heal Kassig , 26 , grew up in Indianapolis , the only son of Paula and Ed Kassig "  Our hearts are battered , but they will mend , " his mother says
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A British couple convicted for having sex on a public beach in Dubai will not face jail after a judge suspended their prison sentences , their lawyer said Tuesday . File image of one of the co-accused -- Vince Acors -- arriving at court in Dubai in September . The couple , Michelle Palmer and Vincent Acors , had faced a three-month sentence , but they were freed on bail in October pending an appeal . Hassan Mattar , one of their lawyers , said he was trying to get permission for Palmer -- who worked in Dubai -- to stay in the United Arab Emirates , and for Acors to travel back to Britain . Acors had been on a business trip to Dubai when he was arrested . The United Arab Emirates , where Dubai is located , is home to thousands of expatriates and is among the most moderate Gulf states . Still , the oil-rich kingdom adheres to certain Islamic rules . Palmer and Acors were arrested on a public beach shortly after midnight on July 5 . Police charged them with illicit relations , public indecency , and public intoxication . A court found them guilty in October and fined them 1,000 dirhams  $ 367  for the charge of public indecency . Both denied they had intercourse . And during the trial , Mattar argued that the public prosecutor failed to produce corroborative evidence against his clients on the first two charges , though he said both tested positive for liquor . More than a million British visitors traveled to the UAE in 2006 , and more than 100,000 British nationals live there , according to the British Foreign Office . The country is in the midst of a building boom to position itself as one of the world 's premier tourist destinations . It is already home to the world 's largest mall , the world 's largest tower , and -- despite being in the Middle East -- the largest indoor snow park in the world . -- CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	The couple , Michelle Palmer and Vincent Acors , faced three-month sentence The pair were arrested at a Dubai beach shortly after midnight on July 5 They were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication Although a relatively moderate Gulf state , Dubai adheres to certain Islamic rules
London  CNN  -- A pair of British journalists held by a Libyan militia have been handed over to the central government , British government sources said Wednesday in what one called a possible step toward their freedom . Nicholas Davies and Gareth Montgomery-Johnson were seized in late February , along with the Libyans who accompanied them , according to Human Rights Watch . Libya 's transitional government had been trying to get the militia to hand over the two men , the group said . The British sources said the men have now been transferred to the transitional government . "  We are pretty hopeful this is a prelude to their release , " one of the sources , who asked not to be named while discussing sensitive issues , told CNN . Some militias that established themselves to fight former dictator Moammar Gadhafi have remained intact and outside government control since Gadhafi 's government fell in August . The Saraya Swehli militia accused the journalists , who work mainly for Iran 's state-run Press TV , of lacking proper immigration paperwork . The group told Human Rights Watch that it did not have faith in the central government , an HRW official told CNN in February .	"  We are pretty hopeful this is a prelude to their release , " a source tells CNN Nicholas Davies and Gareth Montgomery-Johnson were seized in late February A Libyan militia accused them of lacking proper immigration papers
CNN  -- Didier Drogba muscled his way through for a late winner to put Chelsea into the FA Cup final with a 2-1 victory over Arsenal at Wembley on Saturday . A bare-chested Drogba is congratulated by Salomon Kalou after scoring the winner at Wembley . The all-London clash rarely hit the heights on a difficult pitch , but Drogba 's 84th minute strike gave Guus Hiddink 's men a deserved victory and leaves them in contention for three trophies . Dutchman Hiddink , who took temporary charge of the Blues in February and has lost only one match , said Drogba had proved his worth again . "  He is proving already he is so dangerous , very strong and physically fit , " he told Press Association . "  We respect each other very much but also challenge each other without thinking this is a big name . " Arsenal went ahead in the 18th minute as Theo Walcott 's volley deflected past Petr Cech , but Florent Malouda equalized for Chelsea just after the half hour mark . Chelsea looked the stronger against an Arsenal team missing key defenders and goalkeeper Manuel Almunia and it came as no surprise when Ivory Coast star Drogba scored a typical winner . He latched on to Frank Lampard 's hopeful volleyed through ball , shrugged off Mikael Silvestre before rounding Lukasz Fabianksi to roll the ball into an empty net . Ivory Coast international Drogba scored the winning goal against Manchester United in the 2007 FA Cup final and may get the chance to repeat the trick . Quintuple chasing United play Everton in the second semifinal , also at Wembley , on Sunday . Chelsea , who are a still challenging third in the Premier League and semifinals of the Champions League , showed their character after falling behind to Walcott 's strike . The England international winger connected with a chipped cross from Kieran Gibbs and his effort took a cruel deflection off Ashley Cole 's arm to beat Cech . Arsenal had made a fine start , but without injured central defender William Gallas and with Fabianski showing a lack of authority in goal , Chelsea came back strongly into the game . Malouda went close with a cross shot which eluded Fabianski , but he was not be denied soon afterwards as picked out by Lampard he cut inside Emmanuel Eboue and beat Fabianski at his near post . More slack defending from Denilson allowed Nicolas Anelka time to shoot and his shot hit the post with Fabianski beaten . Walcott looked occasionally dangerous on the flank and twice sent in crosses which might have been converted , but Chelsea looked the more threatening and the teams were spared extra time when Drogba powered through to score . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left to rue their defensive errors and the performance of his 20-year-old Polish goalkeeper . "  He 's a great goalkeeper but it was not his greatest day , " Wenger said . "  Inexperience , yes . It was a game when any mistake could be costly . "	Didier Droba winner ends Arsenal 's long unbeaten run and puts Chelsea in final Theo Walcott put Arsenal ahead before Florent Malouda equalized Manchester United and Everton play in second FA Cup semifinal on Sunday
CNN  -- Three anti-whaling activists were injured in a clash with Japanese whalers off the coast of Antarctica on Wednesday when the Japanese crew used grappling hooks against pursuit boats , the conservation group Sea Shepherd said in statement . The environmental group claims two of its crew from the anti-whaling ship Steve Irwin were struck in the shoulder with iron grappling hooks and one crewmember was struck twice in the face with a long bamboo pole . The group said the incident occurred at about 3am  Australian Eastern Daylight Time  in waters 300 miles north of Mawson Peninsula in Antarctica . Sea Shepherd claims the Japanese whaler Yushin Maru No. 2 continued to tail the Steve Irwin which is in Antarctic waters attempting to disrupt the Japanese whalers . "  Our small boats were attempting to slow down the Japanese harpoon vessel Yushin Maru No. 2 , which is aggressively tailing the Steve Irwin , " said Captain Paul Watson . The group said that American crewmember Brian Race , 25 , from New York , was jabbed twice in the face with a bamboo pole receiving lacerations above his right eye and on his nose . South African cameraman Russell Bergh , 35 , and French photographer Guillaume Collet , 27 , received deep bruising when the hooks struck them . Sea Shepherd said two of the three harpoon ships had been assigned to tail the Steve Irwin and its pursuit boats , effectively putting two of the three killing boats out of action .	Conservation group claims crew were attacked with grappling hooks Two crew were struck with iron hooks , the group says It claims a third crew member was struck twice in the face with a bamboo pole Sea Shepherd 's vessel Steve Irwin is attempting to disrupt Japanese whaling ships
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India successfully launched five satellites into orbit Monday , one of them a mini-spacecraft built by students , space officials said . The main payload was a remote-sensing satellite -- CARTOSAT-2B -- which the country 's space agency said would be used in infrastructure programs because of its capability to take high-resolution images of the Earth . Other smaller devices comprised satellites from a Canadian university , Algeria and STUDSAT , a light-weight rocket made by Indian engineering students , the Indian Space Research Organization said . Monday 's launch came two months after an Indian satellite powered for the first time by a home-made cryogenic engine failed in what was seen as a setback to the country 's space ambitions . ISRO spokesman S. Satish told CNN that scientists have identified the causes behind April 's misfire . India now aims to test the same domestically built technology within a year , he said . The South Asian nation has an expansive space program . In 2008 , India sent its first unmanned mission to the moon , called Chandrayaan-I . Chandrayaan-1 , meaning moon craft , dropped a TV-sized probe on the lunar surface , completed more than 3,400 orbits and met most of its scientific objectives in 312 days before vanishing off radars abruptly last year , according to the space agency . The satellite carried payloads from the United States , the European Union and Bulgaria . One of its aims was to search for evidence of water or ice and identify the chemical composition of certain lunar rocks . The Chandrayaan-1 mission came to be seen in India as the 21st century Asian version of the space race between the United States and the former Soviet Union -- but this time involving India and China . China launched a manned space flight in October 2003 , becoming the third nation in the world to put a person into orbit . India has not launched any manned space flights . Satish said the Indian agency also was planning to launch a second version of Chandrayaan in 2013 . India held its first rocket launch from a fishing village in southern India in 1963 . Now , the South Asian nation lists more than 60 events as "  milestones " in its space program , which includes the successful use of polar and geosynchronous satellite launch vehicles . Indian scientists say their country has the world 's largest constellation of remote-sensing satellites.These satellites , according to the Vikram Sarabhai Space Center , capture images of the Earth used in a range of applications -- agriculture , water resources , urban development , mineral prospecting , environment , forestry , drought and flood forecasting , ocean resources and disaster management . Another major system , or INSAT , is used for communication , television and meteorology .	The payload ranged from a remote-sensing satellite to a student-built mini-spacecraft . Monday 's launch came two months after rocket failure India also has launched satellite into lunar orbit Aims to launch another lunar probe in 2013
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The Libyan government vowed Friday to sink any ship approaching the besieged port city of Misrata , essentially threatening NATO patrols and humanitarian aid ships that have been bringing in food and medical supplies and ferrying out refugees and the wounded Libya 's threat came hours after NATO said it intercepted Libyan government forces laying mines in Misrata 's harbor , which has been a lifeline for humanitarian aid in the months-long conflict between troops loyal to Moammar Gadhafi and rebels demanding an end to the dictator 's four-decade rule . NATO-led forces began bombing regime targets in Libya last month after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution authorizing any means necessary to protect civilians . It also came as Gadhafi 's forces were shelling Misrata in an attempt to re-enter the city after being pushed out by rebels . Misrata , the country 's third-largest city , has been hemmed in on three sides for weeks by Gadhafi 's forces , leaving the sea as the only escape route . At least nine people were killed and another 30 were wounded in Friday 's attacks in Misrata , said a doctor , who is a member of the medical committee in the city . "  There is an indiscriminate shelling now in Misrata , " said the doctor , who asked not to be identified because he feared retribution by Gadhafi 's forces . Rebels accused Gadhafi forces of dismantling rocket launchers so they would escape detection by NATO forces during transport , and then reassembling for use in attacking civilians , a spokesman for the rebels said . "  We have reports that Gadhafi troops are loading fish boats with weapons in Tripoli and may be coming to Misrata , " he said . NATO personnel Friday stopped small boats carrying pro-Gadhafi forces who were laying anti-ship mines in Misrata 's harbor , NATO spokesman Brig. Gen. Rob Weighill told reporters during a briefing in Brussels , Belgium . NATO warships were in the process of disarming and clearing the mines that had been laid , he said . Meanwhile , Libyan state TV announced that the Libyan military had successfully suppressed operations of the port . "  We will not allow any ship to dock at the port without being inspected by the Libyan government , " Musa Ibrahim , a Libyan government spokesman , told reporters in Tripoli . He said any aid to Misrata must be delivered through designated land routes . Elsewhere , a senior rebel member , Omar al-Jernazi , told CNN that rebels "  took complete control " Friday of Wazin -- a key Tunisian-Libyan border crossing -- after forcing Gadhafi forces to flee into Tunisia . The Tunisian army allowed Gadhafi 's troops to return to Libya at another border crossing , the rebel said . Meanwhile , thousands more Libyans fled to Tunisia , stirring further concerns about a humanitarian crisis there , according to Tunisia 's state-run news agency TAP , which cited Tunisian security sources . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees set up more tents in the Remada refugee camp , it said . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Kareem Khadder and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Libyan government threatens to sink aid ships NEW : NATO says Libyan forces intercepted while mining port At least nine dead , 30 wounded , a doctor says
CNN  -- The NAACP chapter in Dallas is calling for an end to the Texas state lottery , saying the game drains the finances of low-income ticket-buyers who can least afford it , especially minorities . "  It 's an addiction , " chapter President Juanita Wallace said . "  Many , many people have actually spent all their money in hope of getting out of a situation , when in fact , they 're getting themselves into a worse situation . " She said one man she knew died last week without health insurance . "  He had an insurance policy , " she said , "  and he withdrew all of the funds from the policy , actually , to play the lottery . " Wallace also believes that minorities are disproportionately drawn to playing the lottery . "  The way things are set up in the store is targeted for black people and poor people , " she said . A spokeswoman with the Texas Lottery Commission rejected that assertion , saying the Texas lottery does not target low-income areas specifically and does not market any differently from one demographic to another . Four $ 1M Powerball tickets sold in same county , at same chain "  Our marketing and advertising efforts are designed to reach a broad audience of adult Texans , " spokeswoman Kelly Cripe said . Wallace says her NAACP chapter is already lobbying lawmakers , as are organizations like the Baptist General Convention of Texas that were already opposed to the lottery . But at a convenience store in Dallas this week , some ticket-buyers did not appreciate the idea of losing the option of playing . "  It 's up to me , " David Anderson told CNN affiliate station KTVT as he stood in line . "  If I make a certain amount , it 's up to me : Should I spend this $ 5  on a ticket  ? Or should I go buy a loaf of bread and hamburger to feed the kids ? " Professor Irwin Morris of the University of Maryland says low-income people are more likely to play the lottery , not necessarily because they are targeted but because they have more to gain . "  It 's an opportunity to change your living circumstances , " he said . "  So for someone who 's already wealthy , it would take a dramatic lottery win -- a Lotto , let 's say -- to significantly change their living circumstances . If someone is of much more meager means , a much smaller win could literally change the character of their living circumstances . " Adviser to lottery winners : Take the money and hush As a result , he said , "  I think there is considerable evidence that the poor pay a greater portion of their income on lotteries than the wealthy . " Statistics show that for the Pick 3 lottery in Texas , a third of people who make less than $ 20,000 play , but only about a quarter or fewer of people making more than $ 20,000 do . And for instant scratch-off tickets , the most popular game , unemployed people were more likely to play than employed people or retirees . Wallace says that means the people who can least afford it are the most likely to splurge . Lottery players point out that the games are fun to play , and they offer the hope of winning life-altering riches . The ticket sales also raise substantial revenues for state coffers . "  Since the first ticket was sold in 1992 , the Texas Lottery has generated $ 20 billion in revenue for the state , " Cripe said , "  and contributed more than $ 14 billion to the Foundation School Fund . These are not insignificant numbers . " Morris said he has not seen evidence that states with lotteries spend more on schools than states without . But now that states have come to rely on those revenues , he said , it would be difficult for a state to pull the plug on its lottery . "  If that were eliminated , " he said , "  how difficult would it be politically to come up with the same amount of revenue through other taxes or fees ? " School teachers become secret millionaires with Mega Millions win	Dallas chapter says lottery drains money from those who can least afford it Chapter president says lottery setup targets minorities Lottery commission spokeswoman rejects claims , touts billions in revenues Professor says low-income ticket-buyers have more to gain by playing
CNN  The Pakistan Taliban claimed responsibility for a Friday attack on a Shiite Muslim mosque in Peshawar in northwestern Pakistan -- a suicide bombing and gunfire assault that a hospital representative said killed 19 people . The Islamist militant group said the attack was orchestrated by a commander who was behind December 's massacre of 145 people , including 132 children , at a Peshawar school . Sixty-seven people were injured Friday , said Tauheed Zulfiqar , a representative of the Hayatabad Medical Complex in Peshawar . The Pakistan Taliban attacked the mosque , spokesman Muhammad Khurasan said in an email to CNN , as revenge for the government 's December 19 execution of a militant who was allied with the group . Up to five attackers executed the assault , including a suicide bomber and someone who was shooting in the mosque , Nasir Khan Durrani , the city 's police inspector general , told reporters . One would-be suicide bomber was stopped by people in the mosque who held him by the throat , Durrani said . Pakistan has seen plenty of violence , much of it involving militants targeting restive regions in northwest Pakistan along the border with Afghanistan . It is the home base of the Pakistan Taliban , known as the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan , or TTP , which seeks to enforce its conservative version of Islam in that nation . The group has battled Pakistani troops and attacked civilians , including in Peshawar , an ancient city of more than 3 million people . Khurasan , the TTP spokesman , said the attack was orchestrated by TTP commander Kalifa Omar Mansoor . The militant group and the Pakistani army said previously that Mansoor commanded the December 16 massacre at the Army Public School and Degree College , which largely teaches sons and daughters of army personnel from around Peshawar . In the school attack , gunmen burst in and gunned down children and staff , including in an auditorium filled with students taking exams . Khurasan said Friday 's mosque attack was revenge for the government 's December 19 execution of Mohammed Aqeel , a man condemned in part for his role in an attack on an army headquarters in 2009 . Aqeel was a member of a militant group allied with the TTP . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Faith Karimi and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Gunmen and a suicide bomber attack a mosque in Peshawar , police say Attack is revenge for the government 's December execution of a militant , Pakistan Taliban say The group says the attack 's orchestrator is a commander who it previously said planned a December school massacre
CNN  -- The body of a University of Georgia professor accused of killing three people was found Saturday buried in woods near Athens , Georgia , authorities said . George Zinkhan , a professor at the University of Georgia , disappeared after the slayings of his wife and two others . George Zinkhan , 57 , is suspected of fatally shooting his wife and two other people last month outside a community theater in Athens , which is home to the University of Georgia . Cadaver dogs discovered the body with two guns in a wooded area of northwest Clarke County , about a mile from where Zinkhan 's red Jeep Liberty was found last week , Athens-Clarke Police Chief Joseph Lumpkin said . Athens-Clarke County police confirmed the identity of the body , citing results from the Georgia Bureau of Investigation . The guns are like those authorities believe were used in the shootings , Lumpkin said . The body was found "  beneath the earth , " Lumpkin said , without any clothes . "  A person who 's not accustomed to the woods would never have found the body , " he said . Significant "  efforts " were undertaken to conceal the body 's location , Jim Fullington of the GBI said . Authorities say Zinkhan fatally shot Marie Bruce , 47 , Zinkhan 's wife and a prominent Athens attorney , Tom Tanner , 40 , and Ben Teague , 63 , on April 25 . The victims all were associated with the Town and Gown Players , a theater group that was holding a reunion picnic at the time of the shootings . Zinkhan arrived while the Town and Gown event was under way and got into a disagreement with his wife , police said . Police believe he went to his car -- where the couple 's children apparently were waiting -- and returned with two handguns . In addition to the three deaths , two other people were wounded , police said . After the shooting , Zinkhan left with his children -- ages 8 and 10 -- in the car , police said . He drove to a neighbor 's home in nearby Bogart , Georgia , where he lived , and left the children with the neighbor . Authorities put out bulletins across the nation for Zinkhan after the shootings and revealed that he had purchased a May 2 ticket in March to the Netherlands , where he owns a house . The day of the flight passed without any sign of Zinkhan . He had been an endowed marketing professor at the University of Georgia 's Terry College of Business . The university fired Zinkhan the day after the shootings . CNN 's Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	NEW : Efforts made to conceal body found unclothed with guns , police say Cadaver dogs searching for George Zinkhan found body buried in woods , police say Body was a little more than a mile from professor 's Jeep University of Georgia professor was suspected of killing his wife , 2 other people
CNN  -- There is a growing interest among U.S. foreign policy officials and scholars in deterring Iran ; that is , in tolerating a nuclear armed Iran but keeping it at bay by threatening it in kind should it use its nuclear weapons . Although the Obama administration has not embraced this position , some observers believe this is the direction it is headed . One indication comes from Thomas Donilon , the national security adviser . In a speech late last year , he remarked , "  We will continue to build a regional defense architecture that prevents Iran from threatening its neighbors . We will continue to deepen Iran 's isolation , regionally and globally . " And a recent report sponsored by the U.S. Air Force outlines a strategy for deterrence that includes expanding the United States ' regional nuclear presence and improving American missile defense capabilities . As one expert puts it , "  Deterrence against a nuclear Iran should not be terribly difficult . " For deterrence to work , the leaders of the nations that command nuclear arms must be rational . The champions of deterrence claim to demonstrate that Iran 's leaders are not insane by showing that they react in sensible ways to changes in the world around them . For instance , after the U.S. military easily wiped out Saddam Hussein 's army in Iraq and President George W. Bush told Iran it was on the very short list of members in the "  Axis of Evil , " Iran made a very conciliatory offer regarding its nuclear program . In short , proponents of deterrence argue that leaders and governments in fact do respond to changes with reason and logic . However , there 's another type of decision-making process that sociologists have known about . It 's nonrational behavior , such as when people act in response to deeply held beliefs that can not be proven or disproven . People have long shown they are willing to kill or be killed for their beliefs , and that God commanded them to act in a particular manner . They may respond to facts and pressures , but only as long as those factors affect the ways they implement their beliefs -- but not the beliefs themselves . Thus , a religiously fanatical Iranian leader who believes that God commanded him to wipe out Tel Aviv may calculate whether to use missiles or bombers and in what season to attack , but not whether to heed God 's command to destroy the infidels . An example of nonrational thinking is summed up best in these words : " -LSB- Iran 's -RSB- religious zealotry causes it to exaggerate the significance of issues that are , objectively speaking , only tangentially related to its interests . The Israeli-Palestinian conflict , for instance , has no direct bearing on Iran 's security , but much of the regime sees it as fundamental to Iranian interests and even to Iran 's identity as a Muslim nation . " Even rational heads of states have shown themselves in the past to be fully capable of making gross miscalculations that cost them their lives , regimes and all they were fighting for . Hitler would fall in that category . Similarly , the Japanese , when they attacked Pearl Harbor , believed they would be able at least to drive the United States out of their part of the world . Saddam Hussein believed the United States would not invade Iraq in 2003 , but he was dead wrong . History is littered with numerous other , though less grand , miscalculations , from Lord Cardigan 's Charge of the Light Brigade in the Crimean War to Pickett 's Charge in the American Civil War . In short , it might be possible to deter Iran , but no one can assume that we can safely rely on the rationality of Iran 's leaders and their decisions and reactions to the events around them . No one can predict if they will unleash forces on Saudi Arabia or Israel -- perhaps not even the Iranians themselves . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Amitai Etzioni : There is growing interest among U.S. officials , scholars in deterring Iran For deterrence to work , leaders of nations with nuclear arms must be rational , he says Etzioni : even rational heads of states have made gross miscalculations He says no one can assume that we can safely rely on the rationality of Iran 's leaders
Entertainment Weekly  -- Jaden Smith is getting a small taste of what it 's like to walk in dad Will 's action-blockbuster shoes . Keanu Reeves stars in the remake of the 1951 sci-fi flick "  The Day the Earth Stood Still . " As expected , the remake of the 1951 sci-fi flick starring Keanu Reeves easily replaced "  Four Christmases " atop the box office leader board with an opening weekend gross of $ 31 million , according to Sunday 's estimates . Despite mediocre reviews , the film held fairly steady throughout the weekend , falling slightly shy of our $ 36 million estimate . The Vince Vaughn-Reese Witherspoon yuletide comedy came in second with $ 13.3 million , bringing its three-week total to just under $ 88 million , while "  Twilight " faded to the third spot during its fourth week with just over $ 8 million . The teen vampire romance managed to reach one milestone , however , grossing a total of $ 150 million -- the amount director Catherine Hardwicke surmised the movie would have to suck in for sequel "  New Moon " to get the go ahead . Obviously , Summit executives saw the writing on the wall weeks ago and have hired Chris Weitz  "  About a Boy , " "  American Pie "  to direct next fall 's follow-up . Rounding out the top five are Disney 's doggie flick "  Bolt " with $ 7.5 million and Baz Luhrmann 's underperforming "  Australia " with $ 4.3 million . The weekend 's other new major release -- "  Nothing Like the Holidays , " starring John Leguizamo and Debra Messing -- got coal in its stocking with a measly $ 3.5 million during its first weekend . Also of note is the Clint Eastwood-starring "  Gran Torino "  rumored to be the actor-director 's last turn in front of the camera  . Although it opened in only six theaters  three in New York , three in L.A.  , the film scored the best per screen average , $ 47,333 , with a gross of only $ 284,000 . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Day the Earth Stood Still " debuted with a weekend gross of $ 31 million The yuletide comedy "  Four Christmases " slipped to second with $ 13.3 million Teen vampire romance "  Twilight " reached a gross total of $ 150 million
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Mickey Rooney 's wife has agreed to drop a legal claim over her husband 's remains , according to Rooney conservator Michael Augustine . Rooney will be buried at Hollywood Forever cemetery following a private family service , Augustine said , instead of another cemetery plot he bought years ago before splitting with his wife . Hollywood Forever is the final resting place of Rudolph Valentino , Cecil B. DeMille and a long list of show biz A-listers . A date for the funeral will be decided next week , Augustine said . Augustine said he 'll approach studio leaders about holding another memorial service the public can attend . The agreement between Jan Rooney and Augustine , reached just before a court hearing on the dispute Friday , also bans Rooney 's estranged stepson Chris Aber from attending the service . Rooney died Sunday of natural causes at age 93 . While Rooney disinherited his children , his wife and all but one of her children in a will he signed just weeks before his death , court papers suggest there is not much in his estate to fight over . His personal property is valued at just $ 18,000 despite an unmatched 90-year film career . Augustine had said in a court filing that he believed Rooney 's estranged wife , Jan Rooney , and her son , Christopher Aber , would attempt to remove Rooney 's body from Forest Lawn Memorial Park 's mortuary . A Los Angeles judge signed a handwritten order Tuesday preventing anyone from removing Rooney 's remains until Friday 's hearing . Augustine , who is named as estate executor in the will , asked for that authority . Jan Rooney signed an agreement waiving all claims to her husband 's estate after the couple separated in June 2012 after 34 years of marriage , according to a court filing . She will benefit from Rooney 's Social Security and other pensions totaling $ 8,400 a month , Augustine said . Rooney : A spokesman against elder abuse The will signed by Rooney on March 11 , 2014 , left the entire estate to stepson Mark Rooney , one of Jan Rooney 's sons , who was the actor 's caretaker the last two years of his life . Rooney had no negative feelings toward his surviving children , but they were all financially better off than he was , Augustine said . He believed what little he had to leave should go to Mark Rooney and his wife , because they had been taking good care of him in the final two years , Augustine said . Augustine acknowledged hearing "  grumbling " from Rooney 's family members about being left out of the estate but said none of the others "  ever changed one of Mickey 's Depends  adult undergarments  . " A probate hearing is scheduled for May 12 to start the process of probating the actor 's will .	Rooney will be buried at Hollywood Forever , resting place of many stars His wife dropped a legal challenge before a Friday court hearing Rooney 's personal property is valued at about $ 18,000 , court papers said Rooney left his estate to stepson Mark Rooney
CNN  -- Three years ago , Phillip Loughlin made a choice he knew would brand him as an outsider with many of his fellow hunters : He decided to shoot "  green " bullets . "  It made sense , " Loughlin said of his switch to more environmentally friendly ammo , which does n't contain lead . "  I believe that we need to do a little bit to take care of the rest of the habitat and the environment -- not just what we want to shoot out of it . " Lead , a toxic metal that can lower the IQs of children , is the essential element in most ammunition on the market today . But greener alternatives are gaining visibility -- and stirring controversy -- as some hunters , scientists , environmentalists and public health officials worry about lead ammunition 's threat to the environment and public health . Hunting groups oppose limits on lead ammunition , saying there 's no risk and alternatives are too expensive . The scope of the trend is difficult to measure . Americans spent an estimated $ 1.08 billion on ammunition in fiscal year 2008 , according to tax reports from the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau . But the bureau does not track ammunition sales by type . Industry groups are tight-lipped about their sales figures . Manufacturers contacted by CNN declined to release specific numbers . Barnes Bullets , which manufactures copper bullets because , the company says , they perform better than lead , is seeing increased interest in its non-lead products , said Jessica Brooks , the Utah company 's spokeswoman . Loughlin , of Union City , California , has noticed new manufacturers jumping into the green bullet game . "  They 're definitely coming out . Winchester and Remington , all the big-name ammo makers are loading green ammunition now , " he said . Some firing ranges are banning lead for safety reasons . Lead bullets contaminate military training grounds across the country and are the subjects of many environmental cleanups . California and other state governments have taken up lead bullets as a matter of policy . They worry that lead from the bullets contaminates ecosystems and could affect people . Last year , California banned lead bullets in the chunk of the state that makes up the endangered California condor 's habitat . The large birds are known to feed on scraps of meat left behind by hunters . Those scraps sometimes contain pieces of lead bullets , and lead poisoning is thought to be a contributor to condor deaths . Arizona , another condor state , gives out coupons so hunters can buy green ammunition . Utah may soon follow suit . In North Dakota , a hunter has raised concerns about lead 's potential impact on humans . Dr. William Cornatzer , a dermatologist and falconer , saw a presentation about the potential dangers of lead at a board meeting of the Peregrine Fund , a group devoted to conserving birds of prey . He decided to collect and test venison samples that were going to be donated to a local program for the hungry . About half of the 100 samples -- all shot by hunters -- tested positive for lead , he said . Food banks and shelters pulled the meat from their shelves after the report . "  When we did this , I about fell out of my shoes , " he said . "  The scary thing is these fragments are almost like dust in the meat . They 're not like metal fragments you would feel when you bite down . " States in the area started investigating the issue after Cornatzer 's findings . Working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the North Dakota Department of Health ran a test to find out the health effects of lead-shot game . The agency compared blood-lead levels of people who regularly eat meat shot with lead bullets with the levels of those who do n't eat much wild game . The results were inconclusive . Those who ate the lead-shot meat had slightly higher blood-lead levels than those who did n't , but none of the 738 people in the study had levels above the government 's threshold for danger . Still , the health department recommended that children younger than 6 and pregnant women stop eating venison shot with lead bullets because those groups are at particular risk for lead poisoning , even at low levels . The department also recommended lead-free bullets as the simplest solution to possible contamination . The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources followed with its own study , which found that when lead bullets explode inside an animal , imperceptible particles of the metal can infect meat up to a foot and a half away from the bullet wound -- farther than previously thought . More research is needed to tell for sure if lead-shot meat poses a risk to people , said Dr. Steve Pickard , an epidemiologist at the North Dakota Department of Health . But until that research is done , people should take sensible precautions , he said . "  There is no cause for alarm , but it is another source of lead in the environment , " he said of lead ammunition . Hunting groups say lead bullets pose no risk to people or the environment . Available studies -- particularly the one from North Dakota -- prove that point , said Ted Novin , spokesman for National Shooting Sports Foundation . "  The CDC study confirmed what hunters have known for centuries : Consuming game hunted with traditional -LSB- lead -RSB- ammunition has never been shown to pose a health risk to anyone , " he said . Pickard said Novin 's group is misrepresenting science . The NSSF and the National Rifle Association say efforts to ban lead ammunition are veiled attempts to take guns away from hunters . They also point to the fact that lead 's main alternative , copper , is more expensive and is n't available in all calibers . Novin said the added expense will drive many people away from a sport that is part of American heritage . "  Many hunters believe lead is the best metal to be used for hunting , " he said . "  Add into that that it -LSB- lead -RSB- is very affordable and it is very available . We think this absolutely should be left up to hunters . " Dr. Joseph Graziano , interim department chair of environmental health sciences at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health , said the public should switch away from lead bullets -- even if the research is still developing . "  It 's hard to imagine that you could make a bullet out of something more toxic than lead , " he said . Loughlin , who switched to green ammo and blogs on the issue , said that lead should n't be banned from hunting but that hunters and the public should be more aware of lead 's potential to cause harm . "  Lead will get into you , and we need to be working towards getting it out of the system , " he said . "  I think it 's something we could do away with over time . "	Green bullets are those that do n't contain lead , a toxic metal Last year , California banned lead bullets in the area where an endangered bird lives Copper bullets are the main alternative to lead Hunting and gun groups oppose bans on lead bullets , saying they pose no risks
Mental Floss  -- 1 . Backgammon Other than chess -- the history of which is well-covered elsewhere -- the most enduring table game of the last few centuries is backgammon , also known as "  tables " early in its history . Backgammon itself is a descendant , at least in spirit if not in direct lineage , of the games of Senet and Ur . The missing link may be the Middle Eastern game Nard or Nardshir , with rules nearly identical to backgammon 's and appearances in Babylonian and Persian literature between 300 and 850 A.D. ; when the Arabs conquered Persia in the 6th century , the game spread throughout the Muslim world , moving up the Caucasus and into Central Asia as well as Spain , from which it headed further into Europe . Mental Floss : 5,000 years of boardgames  Part I Willard Fiske , author of the misnamed Chess in Iceland  which includes histories of many table games beyond chess  , argues for Nard as the connection between tables/backgammon and the table games of antiquity , while David Parlett identifies its entry into Europe as Table , later Tabula , by way of the Byzantine Empire and then Greece . Tabula first appears in literature through an epigram written by the Byzantine Emperor Zeno , who lamented a particularly unfortunate throw of the dice in verse that was reproduced several decades later by the Greek poet Agathias . An early variant of Tables , called Tick-Tack  derived from the game tric-trac , where the goal was achieving certain scores or positions rather than bearing off all of one 's pieces  , even earns mention in Shakespeare 's "  Measure for Measure " , as Lucio says to Claudius in response to the latter 's plea for Lucio to talk to Claudius ' nunnery-bound sister : "  I pray she may ; as well for the encouragement of the like , which else would stand under grievous imposition , as for the enjoying of thy life , who I would be sorry should be thus foolishly lost at a game of tick-tack . I 'll to her . " The term "  backgammon " itself first appears in 1645 , spelled "  baggammon , " in a letter that also referred to Irish , a simpler predecessor that did n't include doubles or the levels of winning found in the modern game . Mental Floss : 5,000 years of boardgames  Part II 2 . Othello Popular today under the trademarked name Othello , the game previously called Reversi predates the Othello brand name by more than a half-century , but the name Reversi fell into the public domain several decades after its invention and publication . The inventor of Reversi remains in dispute ; the original patent went to Briton Lewis Waterman in 1888 , but he was later accused of theft by James Mollett , whose Annexation game purportedly dated to 1870 . Othello differs from Reversi only in name , in starting placement  in Reversi the first four pieces go in the center , but not necessarily in the familiar diagonal pattern  , and in origin myth , as Othello was "  invented " in Japan in the 1960s by Goro Hasegawa . 3 . Risk Risk was first published in France in 1957 as La Conquete du Monde , or "  World Conquest , " the name under which Parker Brothers first published it in the United States . The game was invented by Oscar - and Palme d'Or-winning film director Albert Lamorisse , who was also the author of the children 's book "  The Red Balloon , " adapted from his Academy Award-winning short film of that name . Game historian Bruce Whitehill has written that the choice of the Risk name reflected the first initials of the four grandchildren of the company salesman who suggested the name , although the story seems to be apocryphal . Mental Floss : Settlers of Catan : Monopoly Killer ? 4 . Diplomacy Diplomacy , tabbed by one gamer friend of mine as "  Risk for grown-ups , " was developed by Allan Calhamer in the early 1950s but was not published until 1959 , when Calhamer decided to print it himself after existing game houses were n't interested . A favorite of John F. Kennedy , Henry Kissinger , and Walter Cronkite , the game has sold over 300,000 copies since its 1960 publication by Games Research , and the game has endured the vicissitudes of the game-publishing industry , going to 3M , Avalon Hill , and now Hasbro . Calhamer , a Harvard graduate , drifted through law school and a few other jobs before settling on a career as a postal worker . He never published another game . Mental Floss : Card Game World Domination : The Rise of ` Dominion ' Part of the brilliance of Diplomacy is that it involves no luck whatsoever . Seven players  no more , no fewer  represent seven great powers in Europe at 1900 . They must form and break alliances with each other to try to be the one player left at the end who controls the majority of the 34 spaces on the map of the continent . The game relies entirely on negotiations and player strategy , with numerous strategy guides abounding online , including an entire Wikipedia article on a popular opening sequence for Italy called the Lepanto opening . One of a handful of games  with Risk  in both the GAMES Magazine and Origin Awards Halls of Fame , Diplomacy is an excellent choice if you enjoy knife fights with your friends and holding grudges that last well beyond the final move . Mental Floss : The story behind settlers of Catan 5 . Checkers The game known today as checkers or draughts likely traces back to Alquerque , a game that first appears in a 1283 treatise by Alfonso the Wise , summarizing the state of dice , table , and board games in that era . The "  de doze " variety of Alquerque , where each player began with twelve pieces , was played on a five-by-five grid , with only the central space unoccupied at the opening . A player moves by sliding any piece horizontally , vertically , or diagonally to an adjacent , vacant space , or by jumping over an opponent 's piece to a vacant space , thereby capturing the piece he jumped . The game could , and arguably should , end in a draw , as there is no luck involved and the second player can always simply counter the first 's moves . Alquerque was found throughout southwestern Europe from Sicily to France to Catalonia . Alquerque itself was related to the games known collectively as "  merels , " from the Latin merellus meaning a token or game piece . Parlett asserts that merels were viewed on par with chess and tables by the aristocracy of the Middle Ages , where the wealthy could afford the specially-designed boards required for these games , often owning two-sided boards to allow for the play of two of the three games . Merels were two-player games where each player is trying to line up three of his pieces in a row , a style of game largely fallen into disuse but recognizable in Tic-Tac-Toe  also known as "  noughts and crosses " in the U.K.  and the 1970s staple Connect Four . 6 . Scrabble In 1938 , architect Alfred M. Butts revised his own word-tile game , Lexiko , calling the new version Criss-Cross Words and -- stop me if you 've heard this before -- found his idea rejected by the game-publishing establishment .  Among those rejecting it : Milton Bradley , Parker Brothers , and Simon & Schuster . When early demand proved more than he could handle while holding down a full-time government job and some freelance work as an architect , Butts sought a publisher , eventually selling the rights to James Brunot , executive director of the President 's War Relief Council , in exchange for a royalty on future game sales ; Brunot tweaked the board , retitled the game Scrabble , and lost money for three years before his fortunes turned . For reasons lost to history , sales started to increase radically in the summer of 1952 , led by a large order from Macy 's . From sales of just 1632 units in 1950 -- a drop of about 33 percent from 1949 -- Scrabble moved just under 3.8 million copies in 1954 , by which point Brunot had licensed the game to Selchow & Righter . If you 're interested in Scrabble , I highly recommend Stefan Fatsis ' entertaining history of both the game and his own obsessive efforts in the world of competitive Scrabble players , Word Freak . Mental Floss : 10 words that will help you win at Scrabble 7 . Hex One entire class of games that has largely disappeared since its heyday in the 1960s and 1970s is connection games -- largely abstract games where players would try to capture areas or block opponents ' paths by connecting disparate points on a board of lines or pegs . The best-known example is Hex , invented independently in the 1940s by two mathematicians : Piet Hein of Denmark , and John Nash of the United States and "  A Beautiful Mind " fame .  Parlett actually gets this one wrong , referring to Hein as "  a Princeton University student , " conflating the two men . First commercialized in 1952 by Parker Brothers , who gave it the name "  Hex , " the underlying game is played on a board of variable size but equal length and width where the game spaces are hexagonal , thus each bordering six adjacent spaces . The players play at perpendicular angles to each other , and each player 's goal is to connect from his side to the opposite side . Nash proved that the game is a determined game : There can be no tie or draw , as the only conclusion is when one player completes a path between two opposite sides of the board . 8 . TwixT TwixT , now out of print , was invented by Alex Randolph in 1962 and published by 3M as part of its "  bookshelf games " series a decade later . TwixT 's board is a 24 × 24 grid of holes , where each player places pegs to connect to his pegs already on the board . The only permitted placement mimics that of a chess player 's knight -- two holes in one direction , then a 90-degree turn and shift of one more hole . The goal of TwixT , as in Hex , is to connect from one side to the other , but in TwixT the chain would be a series of pegs and connectors . TwixT , unlike Hex , is in GAMES Magazine 's Hall of Fame , but is not commercially available , as the rights went to Hasbro when the company purchased legendary board game publisher Avalon Hill . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Backgammon is the most enduring table game , other than chess Risk may have been named after the first initials of a company salesman 's grandchildren Checkers can be traced back to Alquerque , a game that first appeared in 1283
CNN  -- With about 150 million active users , the mobile photo-sharing app Instagram has become a popular way for people to document their lives . It lends itself particularly well to travel , when even the most reluctant photographer can be tempted to take a few pictures . The most Instagrammed places in the world last year included an airport , amusement parks and a Las Vegas casino . CNN journalist and avid Instagram user Jethro Mullen has racked up nearly 800,000 followers on the app . Here are his tips for getting the best out of your phone camera when you travel . 1 . Get high Everything looks better , or at least different , when seen from above . Viewing platforms , sky bars , cable car rides and overhead walkways are great for expansive perspectives . If you 're shooting through a window , get your lens as close to the glass as possible to reduce unwanted light reflections . 2 . Learn from locals Nobody knows a place better than the people who live there . You can discover photogenic spots in the places you 're going to visit through hashtags , geotags and the feeds of local Instagram users . When I visited Atlanta last year , a photographer I knew through Instagram pointed me in the direction of the colorful staircase you can see in photo no. 2 above . 3 . Be on the look out when you 're on the move Do n't tune out while in transit . Architecture and human activity at airports and rail stations often provide rich photo opportunities . And the views from planes , trains and automobiles can be compelling . Window seats offer great shots . Flights from southern China to Europe can provide majestic views of mountains on the edge of the Tibetan Plateau , for example . 4 . Get lost Avoid hopping from landmark to landmark . Some of the most satisfying and memorable pictures from a trip can be those you stumble upon when exploring a less frequented area . Take some wrong turns , wander , see what you find . 5 . Pack some extras A number of gadgets allow you to get more out of your phone camera . Lens attachments , like the Olloclip , provide fisheye , wide-angle and macro options . Flexible tripods , like the GorillaPod , allow you to set up long-exposure shots using apps like Average Camera Pro and Slow Shutter Cam . Make sure you check any gear you buy is compatible with your make and model of phone . 6 . Use the right apps Native Instagram filters can undoubtedly jazz up a run-of-the-mill image . But their effects can be heavy , bludgeoning subtler elements of a photo . Editing apps like Snapseed , Afterlight  both of which I used in photo no. 6 above  and VSCO Cam allow you to tinker in a gentler manner with brightness , saturation , contrast and other aspects . I edit nearly every Instagram I take using these tools . 7 . Embrace bad weather Rain can put a dampener on a vacation , but it creates a range of appealing subjects for pictures : puddle reflections , colorful umbrellas , raindrops on windows . What 's more , the sky can be at its most dynamic before and after stormy weather . To optimize puddle shots , turn your phone upside down so the lens is closer to the water 's surface . 8 . Plan your sunrises and sunsets Think about where you want to be for the often rewarding light conditions at the start and end of the day . Consider how the sunlight is likely to interact with the surroundings , like trees , buildings or water . Apps like Sun Seeker can tell you the sun 's predicted path through the sky . 9 . Look up In outdoor areas where your surroundings feel cramped or cluttered , try tilting your head back and seeing what lies above . In cities , clusters of skyscrapers or geometrically arranged facades work well . Natural surroundings , like forests of tall trees , can also be eye-catching . Jethro Mullen is the newsdesk editor for CNN Digital in Hong Kong , and a popular Instagrammer .	CNN 's Jethro Mullen gained nearly 800,000 Instagram followers He shares some tips for improving pics when you travel Get up high , get lost and use editing tools are just some of his suggestions Instagram has around 150 million active users
CNN  What if I had n't worked so hard ? What if ... I had actually used ... my position to be a role model for balance ? Had I done so intentionally , who 's to say that , besides having more time with my family , I would n't also have been even more focused at work ? More creative ? More productive ? It took inoperable late stage brain cancer to get me to examine things from this angle . -- Eugene O'Kelly , former CEO , KPMG While working on "  The Last Supper , " Leonardo da Vinci regularly took off from painting for several hours at a time and seemed to be daydreaming aimlessly . Urged by his patron , the prior of Santa Maria delle Grazie , to work more continuously , da Vinci is reported to have replied , immodestly but accurately , "  The greatest geniuses sometimes accomplish more when they work less . " -- Tony Schwartz , "  Be Excellent at Anything " In his 1932 classic essay , "  In Praise of Idleness , " Bertrand Russell heralded a coming time when modern technology would bring shorter work hours and time for leisure to be enjoyed equally by everyone . Work and leisure both would be "  delightful , " and the world would be the better for it . "  Every person possessed of scientific curiosity will be able to indulge it , and every painter will be able to paint without starving ... Above all , there will be happiness and joy of life , instead of frayed nerves , weariness and dyspepsia . " Russell , along with scholars like Josef Pieper , author of "  Leisure , the Basis of Culture , " thought that it is in moments of leisure that civilization gets created . Both were extraordinarily productive , despite their call for what may today be seen as slacking . But they argued that it is only when we take the time to lift our noses from the grindstone and are not busy with the getting , making and doing that ensures our survival , that flights of imagination , bursts of insight can lead to inventions like the wheel , art , philosophy , literature , scientific discoveries and innovation . At the turn of the 20th century , leisure time was the ultimate status symbol , a way not only of conspicuously showing off your wealth , but of your ability to enjoy the best that life had to offer . Even those without wealth in the labor movement sought a living wage and shorter work hours so they could , as a famous protest song of the time put it , not only have their bread , but the time to enjoy the roses , the fruits of their labor . Ironically , it was only when Henry Ford took the wildly controversial step of shuttering his automobile manufacturing factories on Saturday and cutting daily work hours from the then-standard 12 to 8 that workers began not only enjoying leisure time at home , but became more efficient and productive at work . Though his fellow captains of industry screamed in protest , Ford had based the decision on his own in-house research of how far he could push manual laborers before they became so exhausted or resentful that they 'd begin making costly mistakes . Within a few years , the Ford way became the industry standard , and thus was born the 40-hour work week . Economists , too , began making rosy predictions of a coming age of abundant leisure . Keynes thought that by 2030 , we 'd be working a 15-hour work week , and all would have time to enjoy "  the hour and the day virtuously and well . " Others predicted a 22-hour work week , six-month work year or a standard retirement age of 38 . If anything , thinkers at the time worried about what the masses would do to occupy themselves with so much free time on their hands . The predictions seem ludicrous now . In the United States , white-collar workers work longer and more extreme hours than their peers in just about any other advanced economy , save South Korea , where the Wall Street Journal has reported overworked Koreans are checking themselves into prison-like meditation retreats just to get away from it all , and Japan , where they 've even coined a word for death from overwork : karoshi .  No one leaves until the boss leaves . And the boss never leaves . Workers in the United States give up among the most vacation days . We are the only advanced economy with no national vacation policy  see how we stack up in the chart below  . And technology has enabled not just flexible work , but for work to seep into every corner , every hour and every minute of the day . The 40-hour work week of Ford 's legacy can seem like a cruel dream -- the labor policy that later enshrined it , the 1938 Fair Labor Standards Act , now perversely gives businesses incentive to work salaried workers to the point of burnout , and to keep hourly workers ' hours artificially low to avoid paying benefits or overtime . Salaried workers have too little leisure time that they can choose and control , what leisure scholars say is the essence of pure leisure . And hourly workers , too much . Though without either choice or control , those blank , unfilled hours of insecurity and gnawing anxiety can hardly be called leisure . Just as with income inequality , our experience of work and leisure is increasingly diverging . As millions of Americans remained sidelined from the economy , working far less than they 'd like , and for a minimum wage that in no major city in the country could cover the cost of a two-bedroom apartment , others wear long work hours like a badge of honor . Economists have found that our workplaces reward employees by how long they sit at their desks in the office , not for what they do . Leisure is seen as unproductive at best , and frivolous or a waste of time at worst . And that 's not just stupid , it 's dangerous . We need to build an economy that creates enough work at fair wages for everyone . And we need to recapture our lost leisure . Those two aspirations can work together . In a knowledge economy , our strength comes from the power of our ideas . And we are wired for those ideas and inspiration to hit in quiet moments of -- leisure . Psychologists John Kounios and Mark Beeman have mapped brain waves and found the "  a-ha " moment comes in a calm , relaxed state , when we are doing anything BUT work -- like when physicist Richard Feynman idly watched students goofing off spinning plates in the cafeteria and began making calculations of the wobbles , "  for the fun of it , " which led to his developing the "  Feynman diagrams " to explain quantum electrodynamics and ultimately resulted in his Nobel Prize . Neuroscience is finding that when we are idle , in leisure , our brains are most active , the Default Mode Network lights up , which , like airport hubs , connect parts of our brain that do n't typically communicate . So a stray thought , a random memory , an image can combine in novel ways to produce novel ideas . Anders Ericsson studied elite musicians at the Berlin Academy of Music and is credited with the now wildly popular notion that it takes 10,000 hours of deliberate practice to master anything . But the key that separated the truly great from the good and the adequate was the way they spent those 10,000 hours : they practiced intensely , first thing in the morning when they were freshest , for no more than 60 to 90 minutes at a time , and they rested more . In other words , like brain waves , like heart beats , they worked in short bursts and recovered in leisure and became excellent at what they did . But perhaps the most compelling case for leisure is this : despite our overwork culture , we have a lot of butt-in-chair presenteeism , sick , unhappy , burned out and disengaged workers . We work long hours , but we do not necessarily work productive , efficient or creative hours . Some years , international comparisons of GDP per hours worked have found , workers in Norway , Ireland , Denmark and even France , with their 30 days of paid vacation every year , their café culture , their generous paid family leave policies , their short work hours mandated by law and their new directive forbidding some employers from expecting workers to check work-related texts and emails after hours , beat us by a mile . As we think about the next American economy , we need to consider policies , as well as cultural shifts , that respect that people need time , especially relaxed and personal time , every bit as much as they need money . By dialing down on overwork , by once again matching wages , which have been stagnating , to productivity , which has been rising , we might not only be able to create more work for those who need it , and work smarter , but foster the creativity and innovation that will lead to a more dynamic , productive economy , and a better life . After all , is n't the pursuit of happiness part of what defines us as Americans ?	In the United States , white-collar workers work longer than peers in most advanced countries Brigid Schulte : We need to recapture our lost leisure ; more work does n't raise productivity She says companies reward workers for how long they sit at their desks , not for what they do
Hong Kong  CNN  "  Go back home ! " "  Locusts ! You 're not welcome here ! " These were just some of the insults hurled at Chinese shoppers Sunday as hundreds of Hong Kongers surged through through the old neighborhood of Yuen Long , an area close to the city 's border with China . It was the latest in a series of angry protests that have seen brawls erupt in humdrum shopping malls , with demonstrators singling out the "  parallel traders " who crowd into Hong Kong to purchase tax-free products and then resell them for a profit back in China . "  I 've grown up here , and ever since a lot of the Chinese started coming into Hong Kong , things have changed , " said Suen , a law student who only gave her surname . Clad in a mask to protect against police wielding pepper spray , she took part in the protest with her mother . Local residents say the traders are not only disturbing the peace , but are driving up the price of food , rent , and gutting local neighborhoods of their character - the city has become a blur of jewelers , pharmacies and other businesses that cater primarily to Chinese shoppers . "  Previously there were a lot of indigenous places like restaurants , but all of them have closed , " said Suen , standing across from a store selling baby milk powder - the top item on many Chinese tourists ' shopping lists . "  It 's very difficult to be very welcoming . " Tensions have long been simmering between Hong Kong and the motherland , and parallel trading is just one of the thorny issues brought about by the influx of mainland Chinese to the city . A series of food scandals -- most notably in 2008 when melamine-tainted milk powder caused infant deaths across China -- led to shortages of baby milk formula in Hong Kong as Chinese flocked to buy up the city 's supplies . The ensuing uproar led the government to introduce a law limiting the purchase to two tins per traveler leaving the city . Last year , 31 million Chinese visitors traveled to Hong Kong , accounting for 78 % of all tourists , according to the government . But the numbers hide that the visitors are n't all sightseeing tourists in the traditional sense . There are the day-trippers , wheeling suitcases and carting boxes of goods and supplies across the border , but there is also an increasing number of wealthy mainland Chinese who are buying up luxury properties , and visit the city on a regular basis . According to the Global Property Guide , developers say as much as 40 % of new home buyers are from China . Residents blame them for causing a hike in real estate prices in what reports say is already the most expensive property market in the world . Both the Chinese and Hong Kong government have encouraged mainland tourists to visit the city and boost the local economy . Relaxed restrictions have made it easy for Chinese residents to get a hold of individual multiple-entry permits -- some mainlanders enter hundreds of times a year on a single pass . This has infuriated protestors , particularly the younger generation , who want the government to scrap the permits . In a speech last Tuesday , the city 's pro-Beijing leader C.Y. Leung announced that his government would examine restricting mainland visitors , acknowledging the pressure the crowds have had on the everyday lives of Hong Kong residents . But the permit controversy is just one symptom of a deeper conflict . When it comes down to it , it 's simple : Many Hong Kongers just do n't feel very Chinese . According to a recent survey by the Chinese University of Hong Kong , the number of Hong Kong residents identifying primarily as "  Chinese " has dipped to an all-time low since the former British colony was returned to Chinese control in 1997 . The majority of respondents said they were "  Hong Kongers first , and also Chinese . " Earlier in 2012 , plans to add Chinese civic education into the Hong Kong public school curriculum caused an uproar , resulting in a city-wide protest with locals claiming it would "  brainwash " school children with pro-mainland propaganda . Hong Kong , ruled under China 's principle of "  One country , two systems , " means the city is a officially part of China , but is allowed rights and freedoms unseen in other Chinese cities . But there 's one key privilege Beijing has refused to grant to Hong Kong : Free and open elections for their own leader . Frustrated Hong Kongers have tried everything to demand greater voting rights , from hunger strikes to massive street occupations , with no luck . That 's why people in Hong Kong feel an increasing sense of resentment and helplessness when it comes to solving the complex , growing rift between their city and mainland China . A small but growing minority of disgruntled activists go as far as to say Hong Kong should not belong to China at all . "  We Hong Kong people have our own culture , we have our own currency , we have all the requirements to build a country . " said Julian Li , a member of a radical pro-Hong Kong group . "  For decades we have been fighting against civic rights , democracy . However , no matter how much we have been working , it 's like we 're begging for something that will never happen . " Many mainland Chinese are bewildered by the anger directed at them . "  It 's normal for people to spend money and shop here , why are they protesting ? " said a Chinese tourist waiting at a bus stop to get away from the angry crowds . She said her suitcase was loaded with make-up and clothing that is much cheaper to buy in Hong Kong than across the border in her hometown of Zhuhai . "  There 's definitely an element of discrimination against mainlanders here . I 'm not saying everyone is like that in Hong Kong , but there are certain people who are very prejudiced , " she added . Another Chinese resident who makes weekly visits to relatives in the city was sitting on a curb away from the ruckus . She said her friends have considered boycotting Hong Kong altogether . "  My friends on WeChat say , do n't come to Hong Kong , let 's burn our travel permits , " she said as she thumbed through the receipts of her latest purchases . "  We should all just be more considerate and tolerant of each other , we 're just here to shop . Let 's just be happy , " she said .	Hong Kong protests highlight rift between the city and mainland China Residents say massive influx of Chinese has disturbed peace , and driven up prices But the protests points at a deeper issue about Hong Kong identity
Los Angeles  CNN  -- When film documentarian Maria Agui Carter and other Latino producers banded together 13 years ago to address their underrepresentation in mass media , the mission seemed daunting and desperate , Carter said . "  We used to be few hundred people that started in 1999 , very frustrated at lack of access , trying to kick down the doors " of major media and film making outlets , Carter told CNN . "  Through our own community building , we finally realized that we are the ones that we were waiting for . " The National Association of Latino Independent Producers now touts a newsletter of industry trends with 10,000 subscribers , and this week the group will address how the nation 's second-largest group watches more television , buys more movie tickets and consumes more media than any other ethnicity -- and yet comprises less than 1 % of executives in Hollywood . "  We are celebrating the incredible explosion of Latinos in the media both in front and behind the camera , " Carter , board chairwoman of NALIP , said Tuesday . "  There are great improvements in the representation of Latinos , especially in television , but there are very few directors , vice presidents and above , film and TV executives and very few at the major and mini-major studios and few in the  talent  agencies and the management companies , " Carter said . "  That , of course , affects the opportunities that Latinos in the media are able to take advantage of , " she said . The group 's efforts have taken on urgency as the latest U.S. census shows that Hispanics have exceeded the 50 million mark and are officially the country 's second-largest population group , surpassing African-Americans . At its annual conference beginning Friday in Universal City , California , the group will honor actress Rita Moreno , who has won an Oscar , an Emmy , a Tony and a Grammy Award , and will feature a keynote speech by director Robert Rodriguez , who will be launching a new cable network called El Rey for Latino and general audiences . NALIP describes itself as the nation 's pre-eminent association for Latino independent film and video makers . The NALIP 2012 conference , called "  Diverse Voices , Universal Content , " is chiefly sponsored by Time Warner  the parent company of CNN  and the National Latino Media Council . "  It 's a deeply empowering moment because it 's the one time of year when Latinos in the media gather into one community , " said Carter , who also writes , directs and produces documentaries and feature films through her firm Iguana Films . "  We have generated a really powerful feeling of belonging and an ethos of Latino artists supporting one another , " she said . The group points out how the presence of minority industry writers in film and television has been stuck at 6 % since 1999 and the percentage of minority directors is even smaller . Meanwhile , Latinos are estimated to spend $ 1 billion on U.S. filmed entertainment and hold $ 1 trillion in general market buying power , NALIP says . On Saturday , the organization will discuss "  race and the media " in a closing plenary that will look at how systemic , economic and cultural factors affect representation in mass media . Joseph Torres , a NALIP board member and co-author with New York Daily News columnist Juan Gonzalez of "  News for All the People : The Epic Story of Race and the American Media , " said among the ways to remedy the inequities is continued training of "  the new generation of film makers . " Advocacy groups also need to hold media companies accountable through federal laws and policy , said Torres , who also is senior director at the national media reform and public interest group Free Press . Government policy "  determines who are the corporate gatekeepers , who owns media outlets under mergers , and whether the Internet will continue to remain a communications network for people to express themselves , " Torres said . One such example is how the Federal Communications Commission and the U.S. Justice Department last year approved the merger of Comcast and NBC Universal , and now Comcast is starting the Aspire cable network for African-Americans led by Magic Johnson ; the Revolt network for pop music by Diddy Combs and MTV veteran Andy Schuon ; and Rodriguez 's El Rey network , Torres said . The El Rey network would be "  the biggest opportunity , the biggest bellwether trend , for opening mainstream media to Latinos , " Torres said . "  It 's one of the biggest opportunities to come around in a while for Latinos , to have a presence in cable television , " Torres said . "  It 's going to be an opportunity for jobs and producing content . "	National Association of Latino Independent Producers has 10,000 followers of its newsletter "  We are celebrating the incredible explosion of Latinos in the media , " group 's leader says But the group will discuss challenges at an annual conference this week
CNN  -- They 'd hoped to trade political potshots for wet snowballs . Instead , the storm billed as "  Snowquester " is turning out to be nothing more than a big wet blanket for members of the Washington D.C. Snowball Fight Association . The group had planned a big showdown in DuPont Circle , where a few years ago 3,000 people turned out for a humdinger of a fight . But where 5 to 10 inches of wet snow was supposed to fall on DuPont Circle , not even slush was accumulating Wednesday afternoon , said organizer Michael Lipin . "  Quite a letdown , " he said . While the storm was dumping plenty of snow in other places , Washington was getting just fractions of an inch , said CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . In fact , the National Weather Service dropped its winter storm warning for the Washington area Wednesday afternoon . "  It 's just not panning out to be the storm we 'd thought it would be , " Morris said . In nearby Virginia , however , things were quite different . Gov. Bob McDonnell declared a state of emergency , state police extended shifts and the National Guard called up 100 troops for snow duty as inches of wet , heavy snow fell across parts of the state . Authorities opened shelters for the 215,000 Virginians without power , according to the Virginia Department of Emergency Management . Transportation officials reported particularly nasty conditions on many secondary and some primary routes in 15 central and northern counties , with deep snow or ice covering the pavement . State and many county offices closed early . About 4,200 utility workers were in the field trying to deal with outages , Rodney Blevins of Dominion Power said during a news conference . How do you really feel about the snow ? Airlines canceled more than 1,600 flights , leaving passengers such as Alex Thompson , who had hoped to take a flight to San Francisco , with plenty of time on their hands . Thompson traveled all the way from Kenya only to find that his next flight was one of hundreds called off until Thursday because of the storm . With no hotel reservations and nowhere else to go , he said he 'd find a place to sack out at Dulles International Airport and "  waste my time until I can get on my flight . " Capital closings The dire forecast issued Tuesday prompted the federal government to close offices in the nation 's capital , but emergency workers and telecommuters were expected to be on duty , according to the Office of Personnel Management . The White House canceled a planned celebration for the Alabama Crimson Tide , college football champions , and Congress called off several hearings . More than 954,000 students who attend major school districts in Washington , Virginia , Maryland and Ohio got the day off . Amtrak shut down some trains in Washington , Virginia , West Virginia and New York . Track the late-winter storm But tourism goes on Not all of Washington was shut down . Although the National Zoo was closed , the Smithsonian said its museums would be open for visitors . Washington 's Metrorail system was running , although some bus service was disrupted , according to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority . Flooding threat Along the coast , the problem was n't snow , but high winds and the threat of flooding . The National Weather Service issued coastal flood warnings for parts of Massachusetts , New Jersey , New York , Delaware , Maryland and Virginia . Officials in parts of New Jersey suggested residents evacuate from flood-prone areas along the coast , including areas still recovering from damage done by Hurricane Sandy in October , according to CNN affiliate WABC . A flood warning was in effect through Friday morning for the eastern coast of Massachusetts based on a "  high confidence " for high winds , storm surge , and moderate to major coastal flooding , the state 's emergency management agency said . About 300 National Guard troops will be used along the Massachusetts coast to help with flooding and possible evacuations , agency spokesman Peter Judge said . Fifty Delaware National Guard troops were called up as emergency management officials urged some coastal residents in that state to evacuate , saying flooding would cut off exit routes . The agency warned of almost certain flooding in areas and said "  conditions during the height of the storm could make the process of leaving flooded areas dangerous or impossible . " High winds forced the brief closure of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge in both directions , Maryland authorities said , but not before a tractor trailer overturned on one end , CNN affiliate WJZ reported . Wind was believed to have been a major factor in the accident . Power was out across the Delmarva Peninsula , which includes parts of Maryland , Virginia and Delaware , Delmarva Power reported . In coastal Sussex County , the 911 center reported numerous calls for wires down , vehicle accidents and trees down . Water breached a sand dune in Sussex County , forcing the closure of State Route 1 in the county , according to DEMA . Is the snow helping ease drought ? Midwest recovering The storm is the same one that earlier dumped about a foot of snow in parts of Illinois , Minnesota and North Dakota , paving a white swath across the Upper Midwest . Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport had 6 inches of snow Tuesday , beating a 1999 record for the date by 2.2 inches . It was the first snowfall of 6 inches or more in the Windy City since February 2011 , the weather service said . Plows removed snow from roads and trucks spread salt and sand , but drivers still slipped off of roadways , leaving snow-covered cars to be retrieved by tow trucks . Tuesday 's snow put a drag on air traffic in the Midwest , leading to delays and cancellations , but planes continued to fly in Columbus , Ohio , and Minneapolis , Minnesota , after plows removed the snow from runways . Analyze the snowfall CNN 's Dave Hennen , Shannon Travis , Melissa Gray , Devon Sayers , Dave Alsup , Mariano Castillo , Dana Ford , Phil Gast , Ben Brumfield , Joe Johns , and Lawrence Crook contributed to this report	NEW : Shelters are open for 215,000 without power in Virginia NEW : A coastal flood warning is in effect for Massachusetts Virginia 's governor declares a state of emergency
New York  CNN  -- A man arrested in police probes following the apparent drug overdose death of actor Philip Seymour Hoffman pleaded not guilty Tuesday to drug charges , and two co-defendants in the case had not-guilty pleas entered for them at their arraignment . Robert Vineberg , 57 , who remains in jail after his bail was set Friday at nearly a quarter of a million dollars total , was arraigned on three counts of criminal possession of heroin . He pleaded not guilty to all charges , according to his attorney Edward Kratt . Kratt filed a motion seeking judicial diversion through the drug diversion court , which is a part of the New York State Supreme Court . If the motion is accepted by the judge , Vineberg will be evaluated for drug treatment . This means the charges against Vineberg 's could eventually be dropped if the motion goes through and Vineberg is successful in treatment , Kratt told CNN . Vineberg has been a heroin addict for "  quite a while , " said his attorney . They expect a decision regarding the motion on March 10 . The judge entered a not-guilty plea for Juliana Luchkiw and Max Rosenblum , both 22 , who appeared in court Monday charged with one count of criminal possession of cocaine , according to Rosenblum 's attorney , Daniel Hochheiser . The three were arrested earlier this month as police investigated drugs found in Philip Seymour Hoffman 's apartment . The Academy Award-winning actor was found dead February 2 of an apparent drug overdose . Investigators found close to 50 packets of what they believe to be heroin in the actor 's apartment . Police immediately set out to track down Hoffman 's source for heroin . Vineberg , Luchkiw , and Rosenblum were arrested on February 4 after police raided a Manhattan apartment , recovering 350 small plastic bags of what is believed to be heroin with labels that match those found at Hoffman 's residence , according to officials . Vineberg had Hoffman 's phone number stored in his phone , according to law enforcement . Vineberg hopes to make bail this week , which is set at $ 40,000 cash and $ 200,000 bond , according to his attorney . The heroin epidemic , and the antidote for overdose CNN 's Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	Actor Philip Seymour Hoffman was found dead of an apparent drug overdose NYC police launched investigations to determine the source of Hoffman 's heroin Three people were arrested and charged with drug possession The three pleaded not guilty Tuesday at their arraignment
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A NASA report on the last minutes of Space Shuttle Columbia cited problems with the crew 's helmets , spacesuits and restraints , which resulted in "  lethal trauma " to the seven astronauts aboard . Columbia crew members were killed when the shuttle broke apart upon re-entering Earth 's atmosphere . But the report also acknowledged that "  the breakup of the crew module ... was not survivable by any currently existing capability . " The spacecraft broke up while re-entering Earth 's atmosphere near the end of its mission on February 1 , 2003 . The NASA report found the astronauts knew for about 40 seconds that they did not have control of the shuttle before they likely were knocked unconscious as Columbia broke apart around them . Watch more details from the report " The report also found that while crew members were wearing their pressurized suits , one astronaut did not have on a helmet , three were not wearing gloves and none lowered the visors before the module lost cabin pressure . One astronaut also was not seated . "  In this accident , none of those actions would have ultimately made any difference , " said former shuttle program manager Wayne Hale , now a deputy NASA administrator . The graphic , 400-page investigative report relied on video , recovered debris and medical findings , supplemented with computer modeling and analyses . It also includes many recommendations to make space travel safer for future astronauts . A shuttle-program source told CNN the families of the astronauts who died were brought in specifically to look at the report and even in some cases to help with its preparation . The report took more than five years to complete . "  The members of this team have done an outstanding job under difficult and personal circumstances , " said Johnson Space Center director Michael L. Coats . "  Their work will ensure that the legacy of Columbia and her heroic crew continues to be the improved safety of future human spaceflights worldwide . " Columbia broke apart some 200,000 feet over Texas -- just minutes before it was to have touched down in Florida . The shuttle 's wing was damaged on takeoff when a large piece of heat-reflecting foam ripped off and gouged a hole in it . During re-entry , the hole allowed atmospheric gases to burn the wing and destroy the spacecraft . The oldest orbiter in the fleet , Columbia had just completed a 16-day science mission . Watch the view from the command deck as the shuttle enters the atmosphere " Killed were commander Rick Husband , pilot Willie McCool , payload commander Michael Anderson and mission specialists David Brown , Kalpana Chawla , Laurel Clark and Ilan Ramon , an Israeli Air Force colonel who was Israel 's first astronaut . By request of the families of the Columbia astronauts , NASA released the report between Christmas and New Year 's so that the astronauts ' children would be at home where they could discuss the findings with their families in private , said former shuttle commander Pam Melroy , deputy project manager for the investigation team . "  It was a way for us to work through our grief about the accident , " said Melroy about compiling the report . "  This was one of the hardest things I 've ever done . " The report stated that "  after the crew lost consciousness due to the loss of cabin pressure , the seat inertial reel mechanisms on the crews ' shoulder harnesses did not lock . "  As a result , the unconscious or deceased crew was exposed to cyclical rotational motion while restrained only at the lower body . Crew helmets do not conform to the head . Consequently , lethal trauma occurred to the unconscious or deceased crew due to the lack of upper body support and restraint . " Another section of the report focused on the pressure suits used by the space shuttle crew on launch and re-entry . It said the suits were not part of the initial design of the orbiter and that depressurization "  occurred so rapidly that the crew members were incapacitated within seconds , before they could configure the suit for full protection from loss of cabin pressure . " Melroy said investigators took some comfort in data that suggests the Columbia crew died abruptly and without suffering . "  Of course , we were relieved , " she told reporters during a NASA conference call Tuesday afternoon . "  It is a very small blessing , but we 'll take them where we can find them . " The NASA team 's report evaluated every aspect of the crew cabin infrastructure , including the design of the safety belts and helmets worn by the crew . The report also included recommendations to improve spacecraft design and crew safety . Those recommendations cover a broad range of subjects from crew training , procedures , restraints and individual safety equipment to spacecraft design methods and recommendations regarding future accident investigations . "  By learning these lessons and ensuring that we continue the journey begun by the crews of Apollo 1 , Challenger , and Columbia , we help to give meaning to their sacrifice and the sacrifice of their families , " the report stated . "  It is for them , and for the future generations of explorers , that we strive to be better and go farther . The report will have little if no effect on the nine remaining space shuttle flights to come . NASA is mothballing the shuttle program in 2010 as it begins a new program , Constellation , designed to send astronauts back to the moon . There is expected to be about a five-year hiatus in manned U.S. space flight as NASA transitions to the new program , which it hopes will launch in 2015 . CNN 's Brandon Griggs and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NASA released a report Tuesday on the last minutes of Space Shuttle Columbia Seven astronauts died when the spacecraft broke up while returning to Earth in 2003 Report : Astronauts knew for about 40 seconds that they 'd lost control of craft Report also cited problems with the crew 's helmets , spacesuits and restraints
CNN  -- The English Premier League has decided to dispense with the traditional pre-match handshakes before Sunday 's clash between Chelsea and Queens Park Rangers due to the legal case involving John Terry and Anton Ferdinand . Chelsea captain Terry is accused of racially abusing QPR defender Ferdinand during a match between the two teams at Loftus Road back in October . At a preliminary hearing in February , Terry 's lawyer entered a not guilty plea and the judge decided to adjourn the case until July 9 -- after the Euro 2012 finals . After the case was put back , Terry was stripped of the England captaincy , triggering the turn of events that eventually led to Fabio Capello 's resignation as coach . But ahead of the two players coming face-to-face at Chelsea 's Stamford Bridge stadium , the Premier League has decided to abandon their usual pre-match ritual , given the legal complexities involved . A statement on their official website read : "  The Premier League position on the pre-match handshake convention remains consistent . In all normal circumstances it must be observed . "  However , after discussions with both Chelsea and Queens Park Rangers about the potential and specific legal context in relation to John Terry and Anton Ferdinand the decision has been taken to suspend the handshake convention for Sunday 's match . " When the teams met in the English FA Cup in January , the Football Association dispensed with the pre-match handshake to "  diffuse further tensions . " The handshake ritual caused huge controversy earlier in the Premier League season when Liverpool 's Uruguayan striker Luis Suarez refused to shake the hand of Manchester United 's French defender Patrice Evra . This was after Suarez had been banned for eight games by the Football Association after being found guilty of racially abusing Evra in an earlier match . Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson called Suarez a "  disgrace " after the game . The striker later apologized , as did his club . Terry has remained Chelsea captain and was part of the side that made it into the European Champions League final at the expense of Barcelona on Tuesday , though he was sent off for an off the ball incident and will miss the final against Bayern Munich on May 19 .	The Premier League dispense with pre-match handshakes for Chelsea v QPR match Chelsea 's John Terry on charges of using racist language at QPR 's Anton Ferdinand Incident alleged to have taken place during Premier League game in October Terry denies the charges and has since been stripped of the England captaincy
Cupertino , California  CNN  -- Apple on Tuesday unveiled the iPhone 4S , a faster version of its best-selling smartphone that includes a virtual "  personal assistant " you can talk to . "  When you think about it , only Apple could make such amazing software , hardware and services and bring them together into such a powerful yet integrated experience , " the company 's new CEO Tim Cook said at a press conference Tuesday at the company 's headquarters in Cupertino , California . The next-generation iPhone also will be available on Sprint 's wireless network for the first time , in addition to AT&T and Verizon . A model with 16 GB of storage starts at $ 200 with a two-year wireless contract ; the 64 GB model costs $ 400 . An online presale for the phone begins on Friday , and the phone will become available in stores on October 14 . Steve Jobs , the Apple co-founder who recently resigned as CEO amid health concerns , did not take the stage at the press conference and was not seen by CNN reporters at the event . The iPhone 4S looks identical to a previous model , but it contains an A5 processor that the company says is up to seven times faster at rendering graphics and twice as fast at processing data . It has a personal assistant called "  Siri , " which takes voice commands and can translate speech into text . Siri also talks back , answering questions and reading calendar events and updates . "  I 've been in the AI  artificial intelligence  field a long time . This blows me away , " Apple 's Scott Forstall , a senior vice president for iPhone software , said after he announced the new service , which only works on the iPhone 4S , not on previous models . In a demo , Forstall asked the phone to "  find me a Greek restaurant in Palo Alto . " The phone pulled up restaurants from the app Yelp and said : "  I have found 14 Greek restaurants ; five of them are in Palo Alto . I have listed them according to ranking . " Some people who followed the event online joked that Siri reminded them of the computer HAL from the movie , "  2001 : A Space Odyssey . " "  We are clearly headed to Terminator/HAL territory here . Humans are doomed . Deal with it , " wrote Sam Grobart on the New York Times ' live blog of the press conference . The voice feature also pulls data from Wikipedia and search engine WolframAlpha , among other information services . The iPhone 4S is also a "  world phone , " meaning it will be able to place calls more easily on wireless networks all over the world , not just in the United States . Among the other updates : -- The phone also has "  fantastic battery life , " allowing people to talk for eight hours before needing to charge it again , said Phil Schiller , Apple 's vice-president for product marketing . -- It features an 8-megapixel camera with a better light sensor , making it as good or better than many point-and-shoot devices . -- It will shoot high-definition video , and it has a new image stabilization feature to make YouTube videos less shaky . Despite some new features , however , some market analysts were disappointed that Apple did not release a more radically designed version of its smartphone , as CNNMoney reports . Apple 's shares sagged slightly for the day on news of the phone 's update . At the event on Tuesday , Apple also announced updates to its mobile operating system , called iOS5 , which will be available for free on October 12 . The new version of the operating system works on the iPhone 4 and 3GS , as well as both versions of the iPad and the iPod Touch . The iOS 5 system includes several new features , including a cloud service that will sync some photos and files from the iPhone onto Internet servers . A product called iTunes Match will sync music from the iPhone with a database in the cloud , making it possible to play your music on any device or computer instead of just on the one where you purchased it . The iTunes Match product will be available later this month , the company said , and costs $ 25 per year . A new app called Cards will let iPhone owners send paper greeting cards to people for a fee that includes postage . And , finally , a new social networking app called Find My Friends lets users share their current location with close contacts . In all , Apple says it has sold 250 million gadgets that run on its mobile operating system . The company finds itself as the top mobile gadget maker . The iPhone 4 and the iPhone 3GS were the best-selling smartphone models in the United States in the second quarter of this fiscal year , according to data from the NPD Group . Apple says it sold more than 20 million iPhones in the last financial quarter alone , up 142 % from that same period of time in 2010 . Cook on Tuesday said the iPhone is the bestselling phone in the world . We 'll have to wait a few weeks to see how well the iPhone 4S continues that success .	Apple iPhone 4S is faster than previous versions It has enhanced voice-recognition features iPhone 4S goes on sale starting at $ 200 on October 14 For the first time , it 's available on Sprint as well as AT&T and Verizon
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A group of county and city prosecutors in California have sued Walgreen Co. , alleging that the drug store chain broke state laws when disposing of hazardous waste , medical waste and customer records . Prosecutors asked a judge this week to issue a preliminary injunction against the company . The county and city attorneys originally filed a lawsuit in June , asked a judge to stop the company from improperly disposing of waste and consider fining the company for allegedly violating state laws . "  This was n't an isolated incident . Walgreen 's actions were systematic and statewide , and the company must be held accountable , " Los Angeles City Attorney Carmen A. Trutanich said in a statement Monday . A company spokesman declined to comment on details of the case . "  We intend to work with state and local officials in order to resolve this matter , " Walgreens spokesman Michael Polzin said in a written statement . The lawsuit , filed by 35 California district attorneys and two city attorneys , alleges that Walgreens stores improperly disposed of items like batteries , liquid corrosive waste , aerosol cans and pharmaceutical waste in company trash bins , sending them to local landfills rather than authorized disposal sites . The complaint also says Walgreens improperly disposed of customer records containing confidential medical information , failing to take required steps to protect privacy . The drug store chain should be fined , prosecutors say , under state health codes . "  Prosecutors contend that Walgreens systematically ignored those laws to cut costs , " the Alameda County District Attorney 's Office said in a statement . Walgreen Co. mentioned the lawsuit in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission last month , citing regulations that require the company to disclose proceedings where monetary sanctions could exceed $ 100,000 . "  The company intends to work with state and local officials in an effort to resolve this matter , but can not predict the ultimate outcome of these efforts , " the filing said . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Jaqueline Hurtado contributed to this report .	Walgreens employees improperly disposed of materials , prosecutors say A lawsuit says the drug store chain broke California laws Walgreens says it is working with local and state authorities Attorney : "  Walgreen 's actions were systematic and statewide "
CNN  -- BP announced Wednesday it has reached a class-action settlement with attorneys representing thousands of businesses and individuals who made claims after the 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . The basic terms were announced two days before the second anniversary of the disaster that began with a rig explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon . Eleven workers died . A federal judge must give preliminary approval of the pact , which BP estimates will total about $ 7.8 billion , including associated costs and expenses . The company , in a statement , cautioned the final tally could be higher . " This settlement demonstrates BP 's continued progress in resolving significant issues related to the Deepwater Horizon accident , " said BP Chief Executive Bob Dudley . "  BP made a commitment to help economic and environmental restoration efforts in the Gulf Coast , and this settlement provides the framework for us to continue delivering on that promise , offering those affected full and fair compensation , without waiting for the outcome of a lengthy trial process . " The settlement would be paid from a $ 20 billion trust , BP said . Oil spewed into the sea for nearly three months before a cap was placed on the BP-owned Macondo well , nearly a mile beneath the surface . The spill damaged coral reef formations , according to researchers . Scientists have previously confirmed that a plume of hydrocarbons from the well settled in the deep Gulf . Coral damage linked to spill Two agreements would cover the majority of economic , property and medical damage claims , BP said . The plaintiffs and BP "  believe that the settlement agreements are a fair , reasonable and adequate resolution of the claims , " the company said . BP has asked a court to delay a liability trial until it decides whether to grant final approval to the agreements . The Plaintiffs ' Steering Committee said , generally , there is no cap on the amount BP will pay to those who agree to the settlement . The committee said BP has agreed to pay $ 2.3 billion to members of the seafood industry . "  The people and businesses of the Gulf Coast stand to reap great benefits from these settlements , " said plaintiffs counsels James P. Roy and Stephen J. Herman . "  We have held BP fully accountable for the Deepwater Horizon tragedy less than two years after the spill . Through extensive arms-length , good-faith negotiations , hundreds of thousands of Gulf Coast residents and businesses will be made whole . " The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said about 59,200 barrels of liquid oil a day flowed from the well . Pipeline company proposes new route In September , the government issued a formal report on the oil spill , finding that BP , Transocean and Halliburton all shared responsibility for the explosion , but that BP was "  ultimately responsible " for operations at the site "  in a way that ensured the safety and protection of personnel , equipment , natural resources , and the environment . " A federal judge in New Orleans earlier this year ruled that Halliburton is not liable for the some of the compensatory damages sought by third parties in the worst oil spill in U.S. history , leaving BP responsible for the majority of those claims . The judgment was similar to the decision that came down regarding Deepwater Horizon rig owner Transocean 's responsibility . Halliburton was contracted by BP to cement the well and had argued its contract protected the energy company from legal action resulting from its work . BP and Halliburton sued each other in April 2011 , each claiming the other was to blame for the deadly explosion and resulting leak . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	BP , plaintiffs reach settlement on class-action claims Company estimates payout costs will be about $ 7.8 billion Parties file for preliminary court approval 11 workers died in 2010 oil rig explosion that prompted the nearly three-month spill
CNN  -- Before dying , 2-year-old Riley Ann Sawyers was beaten with belts , picked up by her hair , thrown across the room and held under water , according to an affidavit from the Galveston County Sheriff 's Office . Police believe 2-year-old Riley Ann Sawyers is "  Baby Grace . " The affidavit says the girl 's mother , Kimberly Dawn Trenor , described to police how her daughter died and was put in a plastic storage box that Trenor and her husband , Royce Zeigler , later dumped into a Galveston waterway . Trenor told police Zeigler tried to commit suicide the weekend before Thanksgiving , and wrote a note that said , "  My wife is innocent of the sins that I committed . " The body of the then-unidentified toddler was found on October 29 . A fisherman found Riley 's body stuffed inside a blue storage container that washed up on an uninhabited island in Galveston 's West Bay . A medical examiner said the child 's skull was fractured , and a forensic dentist estimated her age at 2 to 3 years . Police dubbed the child "  Baby Grace . " A police artist 's sketch of her was widely circulated in the news media and prompted a call to Galveston police from Riley 's grandmother in Ohio , who had not seen the girl in months . On Saturday , police arrested Trenor and Zeigler on charges of injuring a child and tampering with physical evidence , the sheriff 's department said . Their bonds were set at $ 350,000 each . The affidavit , obtained by CNN , says when police interviewed Trenor on November 23 , she "  gave a voluntary statement on video with her attorney present in which she describes her involvement , with Royce Zeigler , in the physical abuse , death and disposal of the remains of her daughter , Riley Ann Sawyers . " Trenor 's statement said on July 24 , she and Zeigler both beat the child with leather belts and held her head under water in the bathtub . She said Zeigler picked the girl up by her hair and also threw her across the room , slamming her head into the tile floor . After her daughter died , Trenor 's statement said , she and Zeigler went to a Wal-Mart that night and bought the Sterilite container , a shovel , concrete mix , and other supplies . The statement said the box containing the child 's body was hidden in a storage shed for "  one to two months . " Then , Trenor said , she and Zeigler carried it to the Galveston Causeway and tossed it in , and she saw it drifting away . Riley Ann 's father , Robert Sawyers , on Monday tearfully remembered her as a "  fun-loving girl ... with a big imagination . " Watch Riley Ann 's father describe the little girl " Riley was "  very active , very hyper , but also very well-behaved , " Sawyers told reporters in Mentor , Ohio . She would play "  with a water hose ... spraying the whole patio soaking wet until she was done with it , " he said , as he sat behind two photographs of his daughter , a toddler with wispy blond curls . Robert Sawyers ' mother , Sheryl Sawyers , said the family was "  devastated " to learn that police believe Riley is dead . "  It 's hard to think that I 'll never see her again , " she said , clutching a red Elmo doll she had planned to give Riley for Christmas . Maj. Ray Tuttoilmondo of the Galveston County Sheriff 's Department said Monday that authorities are "  fairly confident " that the toddler whose body was found on October 29 is Riley Ann Sawyers . DNA analysis is still in progress to confirm the identification . The results will be available in two to three weeks , Tuttoilmondo said . Tuttoilmondo said Riley is originally from Mentor , Ohio , a Cleveland suburb , and that "  she and her mother came down to Texas earlier this year . " The toddler was last seen in Texas "  three or four months ago , " Tuttoilmondo said , although he did not know by whom . Tuttoilmondo said police did investigate whether Child Protective Services had taken Riley away , something the mother had reportedly alleged . Of that report , Tuttoilmondo said , "  What we believe is that is not what happened . " The affidavit said Trenor admitted that after the body was found , Zeigler had her type up a fake letter from the Ohio Department of Children 's Services saying that Riley was to be taken away . Trenor left Ohio in late May , after filing an allegation of domestic violence against Robert Sawyers and reaching a joint voluntary agreement that gave her custody of Riley and gave Robert Sawyers visitation rights , the Sawyers ' family lawyer said Monday . "  She disappeared , " Laura DePledge said Monday at the Ohio news conference with the Sawyers . Sheryl Sawyers said Monday that she saw widely distributed police sketches of "  Baby Grace " and contacted Galveston police in November . The girl in the police sketches strongly resembles photos of Riley . "  No , I never did think it would end up like this , " Sheryl Sawyers said Monday , eyes welling . "  I guess knowing is better than not knowing . " The girl 's family in Ohio has been "  very helpful " in this case , Tuttoilmondo said , adding that the FBI and a Galveston County police officer visited the family in Ohio on Sunday . DePledge said Riley was the product of a "  teenage pregnancy . " Trenor and Robert Sawyers were together for two years as a result of the pregnancy , DePledge said , during which time they lived with Sheryl Sawyers . DePledge said Monday that the family , whose grief she described as "  simply overwhelming , " wants Riley 's body returned to Ohio for a memorial service . "  What Riley needs is to be brought home , " she said . "  I think this family needs some closure . " Tuttoilmondo asked anyone who knew the child or her family to help detectives reconstruct the events of Riley 's short life . The toddler 's case has touched even hardened police officers , he said . "  Any way you look at it , we carry a piece of her with us , and we 'll always carry a little piece of her with us , " he said Monday . He held up a small , pink-and-white shoe identical to those the child was wearing when she was found . "  That says it all . A little-bitty shoe . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	Police affidavit quotes mother 's statement about beating that killed girl Mother 's husband threw Riley Ann Sawyers across room , affidavit says Husband later attempted suicide , mother told police Riley Ann 's mother and her husband arrested after a tip led to search
CNN  -- A French battleship sunk by German torpedoes in 1917 is lying upright and almost intact at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea , where it was found by an unmanned submarine surveying a proposed gas pipeline route between Italy and Algeria . The Vergniaud is a French battleship of the same class as the Danton , which is on the floor of the Mediterranean . Details of the Danton 's discovery were released at a news conference Thursday in Milan , Italy , where the pipeline construction company , Galsi , is based . The condition of the World War I-era ship is "  extraordinarily good , " said Robert Hawkins , a project director with Fugro , a geotechnical , survey and geosciences company based in the Netherlands . "  It is actually on the seabed in an upright position so you can see the superstructure , " he told CNN from England . The discovery was unexpected and caused considerable excitement , he said . Because Fugro was using an unmanned submarine to chart the seabed , it was not until later that its technicians realized they had found a large vessel . "  When we were processing the data , we discovered we had actually surveyed over this battleship , " Hawkins said . The ship was found in December 2007 , according to documents provided by Galsi . In January 2008 , Fugro collected enough data to determine it was the wreck of a battleship . Subsequent discussions with the French Navy Commission confirmed the discovery was the Danton , which was built in Brest , France , in 1910 . It was one of the largest French naval vessels of the era . The Danton was carrying 946 officers and sailors and 155 passengers on March 18 , 1917 , when it received a warning that enemy submarines were in the area . A lookout raised an alarm after seeing a wake in the water , but no vessel was seen before the Danton was hit by two torpedoes fired by the German submarine U-64 . Most of those aboard were rescued , but 296 sailors -- including the captain -- went down with the ship . After the torpedoes hit , the ship turned upside down , then rolled again before landing on the seabed , where it slid before coming to its final resting place , Hawkins said . Although the ship lost some of its superstructure , for the most part it is relatively intact , he added . The French confirmed the identity of the Danton by comparing Fugro 's data with design plans . Hawkins said he doubts the French will try to raise the ship because it lies nearly two-thirds of a mile  about 1,000 meters  , under water . The ship is 472 feet  144 meters  long with four 305 mm 1906 guns in twin mounts ; 12 , 240 mm 1902 guns , also in twin mounts ; and 16 , 75 mm guns in single mounts , according to the ship 's specs . It weighs nearly 18,000 tons . The Danton , which was traveling between Toulon , France , and Corfu , Greece , came to rest about 22 miles southwest of the island of Sardinia . The pipeline carrying natural gas from Algeria to Italy will be rerouted around the ship , the pipeline company said .	Torpedoes from a German submarine sunk the Danton on March 18 , 1917 The vessel is resting in an upright position about two-thirds of a mile under water At 472 feet , the ship was one of the largest French naval vessels of its era An unmanned submarine surveying a proposed pipeline route found the ship in 2007
London , England  CNN  -- Britain is about to have a massive expansion in renewable energy after awarding licenses for nine offshore wind farms Friday . The energy generated from the new wind farms will provide a quarter of Britain 's electricity needs by 2020 , according to the Crown Estate , which awarded the contracts . Companies had bid for the right to build wind farms in nine zones around Britain , from the English Channel to the North Sea off Scotland . The successful bidders must now plan their projects and receive approval before they can build . "  Our island has one of the best wind energy resources in Europe and today 's news shows we 're creating the right conditions for the energy industry to invest in harnessing it , " said British Energy Secretary Ed Miliband . The wind farms will be able to offer 32 gigawatts , or about a quarter of Britain 's electricity needs , said Roger Bright , chief executive of the Crown Estate . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the expansion could provide as many as 70,000 jobs by 2020 . He promised to remove any barriers to rapid development . The Crown Estate belongs to the queen and is one of the largest property owners in the United Kingdom . It pays its entire revenue to the British Treasury . It owns half of the United Kingdom 's foreshore , 55 percent of tidal river beds and estuaries , and almost the entire seabed out to 12-nautical-mile territorial limit . Under the Energy Act of 2004 , the Crown Estate can also issue leases for development beyond the territorial limit , out to 200 nautical miles . Friday 's announcement is "  the biggest tender for renewables ever , " said Antonio Mexia , chairman of EDP Renovaveis , a Portuguese company that won a license to build in the Moray Firth , off Scotland 's eastern coast . "  This is about delivering a whole new industry for the U.K. , one that provides sustainable , secure , and indigenous power as well as tens of thousands of new jobs throughout the supply chain , " said Eddie O'Connor , the chief executive of Irish company Mainstream Renewable Power . Mainstream , together with Germany 's Siemens Project Ventures , won the license to build off Hornsea , on England 's eastern coast .	New wind farms to provide 25 percent of UK 's electricity needs Prime Minister Gordon Brown says project could provide 70,000 jobs New wind farms will be built in nine zones around the country
CNN  -- A Philadelphia priest who narrowly escaped prosecution during a recent clergy abuse scandal that rocked the city 's archdiocese has been arrested on charges that include raping an altar boy . In a grand jury presentation in 2005 , the Philadelphia District Attorney 's office revealed allegations against Father Robert Brennan , now 75 , that included more than 20 alleged child sex abuse victims , according to Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams . All of the cases were beyond the statute of limitations , and Brennan was never charged in that case , Williams said at a press conference Thursday . That investigation led to the June 2012 child endangerment conviction of Monsignor William Lynn , the vicar of clergy for the diocese . The conviction marked the first time a U.S. church leader has been convicted of such a crime . Police : Pennsylvania priest caught with pantless 15-year-old Williams said that Lynn would 've faced additional charges in connection with this case but that he avoided prosecution by three months due to the statute of limitations . In this new case , Brennan is charged with rape , involuntary deviate sexual intercourse , and aggravated indecent assault in connection with alleged incidents that took place between 1998 and 2001 when the victim was 11 to 14 years old , according to Williams . The allegations include digital penetration and oral sex . He was arrested on September 25 in Maryland , according to a statement released by Williams ' office . "  A serial abuser is now behind bars thanks to the brave actions of this young man , " Williams said , adding that the young man was prompted to report the alleged abuse in the wake of Lynn 's conviction . Marci Hamilton represents the victim , now 26 years old , and two other alleged victims whose cases could not be prosecuted because they were beyond the statute of limitations . The archdiocese stripped Brennan of most of his duties in September 2005 , though he remained a priest . The diocese said in a statement that Brennan 's laicization is in progress with the Holy See , but did not provide a date when that process began or when Brennan would be formally defrocked . The diocese says it has "  cooperated fully " with the current investigation . Williams commended the diocese for promptly reporting these most recent allegations . According to a statement released by Williams ' office , the victim reported the abuse to the diocese in January 2013 and it was immediately brought to the attention of authorities . "  It takes tremendous courage for any sexual assault victim to come forward and report the horrors he or she endured , " the district attorney said . Ex-pope breaks silence , denies cover-up Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	DA : Robert Brennan was investigated before He was not charged in that case due to statute of limitations , DA says The archdiocese cooperated in the case , DA says
It 's a staggering statistic : 43 college students from the same school , all hoping to become teachers someday -- all missing and feared dead . Their disappearance became a flashpoint for national protests . Mexico 's President met their parents . The Pope sent them prayers . Mexico 's attorney general says they were captured by police on the orders of the Iguala mayor , Jose Luis Abarca , handed over to a drug gang and executed . Authorities say they believe the students ' burned remains were thrown into a river , but many family members say they 're still holding out hope until there 's DNA proof . On Friday , prosecutors said they had charged Abarca with six counts of aggravated homicide and one count of attempted homicide in the deaths . Abarca and his wife , Maria de los Angeles Pineda , were arrested in Mexico City on November 4 . As the controversial case grabs global headlines , the students ' families and classmates march in demonstrations -- carrying large photos of their faces , sharing their stories and demanding justice . "  Our children are not criminals . They are people who were just starting to study for their careers . They wanted to help others , " says Epifanio Álvarez , whose son is among the missing . Here 's a closer look at some of the students ' stories : Jorge Aníbal Cruz Mendoza , 19 Carmelita Cruz cries as she describes her youngest son . "  He has always told me that I am everything to him , and as my youngest son , I also told him , ` Son , you are everything to me , ' " she says . Once , during a family pillow fight , her other children complained that she was fighting too much on his side . Now , Cruz is fighting to demand answers from authorities over her 19-year-old son 's fate . Even before the September night of shootouts in Iguala , Mexico -- which left several students dead and the group of 43 missing -- she 'd been worried about his safety studying at Escuela Normal Rural de Ayotzinapa . The teachers ' college in Guerrero state is known for its political activism in addition to training teachers , and police have been known to spar with student protesters in the past . She 'd hoped he 'd study at one of Mexico 's large public universities . But Jorge made up his mind : He wanted to study at Ayotzinapa . "  He wanted to be here . His dream was to study in this school to help poor people , " Cruz told CNN en Español 's Fernando del Rincon in a recent interview . When investigators first started looking into the students ' disappearance , some suggested they could have been mixed up in gangs . Not true , Cruz says . "  I think the government is guilty . But obviously they want to wash their hands and blame those who are not responsible , " she says . "  In this case , my son is so young . I know him . He does not know how to use a weapon . ... He does n't even know how to use a knife . And I think that 's true of all 43 of the young people . If they had weapons , they would have defended themselves . " José Ángel "  Pepe " Navarrete , 18 Pepe went to the well-known teachers ' college with a clear goal , his father says : working with marginalized communities . It 's a common aim of many at the small , government-funded school , which gives the students it trains the opportunity to work in some of the poorest and most remote communities in Guerrero . His father -- like many parents of the missing students -- says he believes they are still alive . And he says he has a message for his son 's captors , whomever they may be . The 43 students , Emiliano Navarrete says , "  are kind , defenseless young people who should n't have to pay for the crimes of adults . " Whoever took the students , he says , must be human beings , too . "  They also have children , and they would n't like the same thing to happen to them . " Inside a barren dorm room , one of Pepe 's roommates told animalpolitico.com that he loved soccer . "  That 's why he got along well with everybody , " his roommate said . "  He knew how to relax . " Israel Jacinto Lugardo , 19 There 's one thing Isrrael Galindo knows for sure about the night his son went missing . The 19-year-old student had contacted his older brother and asked for help . "  He told him , ` Hurry , because the police have taken us . They used tear gas , ' " Galindo told CNN en Español 's Jaqueline Hurtado . From his home in San Jose , California , the construction worker said he believes his son is still alive , despite what government officials claim . He describes his son as playful , calm and hard-working . As a child , Galindo showed him how to repair bicycles , cars and farm machinery . "  He learned fast and could do anything , " Galindo told the San Jose Mercury News . Back in Mexico 's Guerrero state , where the students disappeared , the teen 's mother has marched in demonstrations , carrying a large photo of her missing son . "  He is a good boy . He came here very excited to study , " she told Mexico 's animalpolitico.com website . "  But we did not expect that something like this would happen . I demand that the government do something . " Julio César López Patolzin , 25 In a spiral-bound notebook that still sits in his dorm room , Julio César pulled out a pencil and documented his first days at the college . "  I entered this school for the simple reason that my parents are peasants with few resources and my ability is to be responsible also academically , " he wrote , according to a photograph of the August 27 entry that appeared in Mexico 's Proceso magazine . "  I try to pay close attention to the teachers in order to get ahead . " Less than a month later , he disappeared . Now there is just one student left living on that floor of the dorm , Proceso reported . Julio César and five others who lived there are among the 43 missing . Inside the dorm , a plastic cup and toothbrush are still sitting on Julio César 's duffle bag . The last student left living there told Proceso that he wo n't leave , because he 's waiting for his classmates to come back . Miguel Ángel Mendoza Zacarias , 23 Most of Miguel Ángel 's classmates are younger than he is . That 's because he had another job as a barber before he started at the teachers ' college . "  He cut hair and that 's how he got ahead , " his best friend told animalpolitico.com . "  He did n't start studying sooner because he did n't have money . And he decided it was better to help his parents with his business , and to work in the fields . " At the teachers ' college , his friend said he was known for being supportive and giving good advice . On September 26 , they were sitting side by side on a bus when violence broke out in Iguala . "  He ran one way , and I ran the other . I got on a bus and the police in Iguala arrested him . I managed to escape , " the friend told animalpolitico.com . "  But since then , I 've been searching for him . " Antonio Santana Maestro Antonio recently started playing guitar and loved spending hours playing video games , his friends told animalpolitico.com . But what he enjoyed more than anything was reading , his friends said . Classmates nicknamed him "  Copy , " because he was so good at recalling information and parroting it back . Antonio was among the students in the school 's so-called Activist House , a political education program students can volunteer to join . "  In our political workshops , he always expressed himself so eloquently , " one friend told the website . "  He is a very smart person who knows everything about everything you ask him . ... In one workshop , he spent 10 minutes speaking on subjects that no one has a command of . And he just made a remarkable speech out of what he had heard and read . " Jorge Álvarez Nava , 19 At first , it was hard for Jorge to adjust to his freshman year . But things were looking up , his father says . Jorge turned 19 on a Tuesday in September . He called his parents the next day . "  He told us that he was happy , that the most difficult things were over , " Epifanio Álvarez recalls . By Saturday , Jorge had vanished without a trace -- one of the 43 students who disappeared . "  In the morning , I went to work in the fields , " said Álvarez , a peasant farmer . "  When I came home , my wife found me and told me something horrible had happened in Iguala . " Since then , Álvarez says he has n't stopped searching for his son -- and he wo n't , until he finds him . But even as he pushes to keep looking , Jorge 's father says he finds himself filled with despair when he 's at home and sees his son 's belongings "  We saw his guitar . Really , seeing his things there , you start to cry , overcome by the feeling that he is n't there , " Álvarez says , tearing up as he described his son 's love for music . "  We wonder , what is happening to him ? And we do n't know . "	Former mayor charged with homicide in deaths of college students 43 college students went missing in Mexico in September Their disappearance sparked nationwide protests and has drawn worldwide attention "  Our children are not criminals . ... They wanted to help others , " one father says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide bomber killed himself and five other people , including a senior police official , in an attack in the center of the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar on Wednesday , a police officer at the scene said . Three police officials and two civilians were killed in the explosion , said Imran Shahid , the police officer . Thirty-one people were wounded , he added . Read more : 14 dead in bomb blast in northwest Pakistan Peshawar is the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and the gateway to Pakistan 's tribal region , which is largely ungoverned and has a strong militant presence . For more than a decade , Peshawar has been on the front line for the Pakistani government 's fight with militant groups such as the Taliban . A major terrorist attack near the U.S. Consulate in Peshawar in April 2010 killed at least 25 people . Who are the Pakistani Taliban ? The area where the attack took place Wednesday is known as the Storytellers Market . It is one of the oldest markets in the country and predates the creation of Pakistan in 1947 .	Three police officials , one of them senior , are killed in the blast The attack wounds 31 people , a police officer on the scene says Peshawar , where the attack took place , is a gateway to Pakistan 's restive tribal region
A new outbreak of a gastrointestinal illness aboard a cruise ship may have been caused by the norovirus , the ship 's operator said Wednesday . At least 66 passengers and 17 crew members came down with a quickly spreading digestive bug aboard the Crown Princess , said spokeswoman Karen Candy of Princess Cruises . They have been isolated in their quarters , and the ship has implemented sanitation procedures developed in coordination with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to slow the disease 's spread . The Crown Princess , which has room for more than 3,000 passengers , left Los Angeles on Saturday for a seven-day Pacific cruise . Though Princess Cruises believes norovirus is at the root of the outbreak , due to the quick increase in the cases of gastric ailment , Candy did not confirm it as the cause . Norovirus is known for being readily contagious . It causes nausea , vomiting and diarrhea , and is believed to have infected passengers on a number of cruise ships in recent months . In February , 114 passengers and 10 crew members took ill on the Holland America cruise ship ms Veendam during a week long voyage . In January , more than 600 people on cruise ships sailing in the Caribbean fell ill from the virus , the CDC reported . Norovirus infects many people on land , but health officials track it on cruise ships , leading to more frequent reporting of cases , the CDC said . It is passed in person-to-person contact and can spread more easily in closed quarters . How the Navy avoids norovirus Are cruise ships floating petri dishes ? Is your cruise safe ?	66 passengers and 17 crew members came down with a digestive bug Princess Cruises believes norovirus is at the root of the outbreak It is believed to have infected passengers on a number of cruise ships in recent months Health officials track it on cruise ships , leading to more frequent reporting
CNN  -- Legendary singer/songwriter Aretha Franklin sang "  My Country 'T is of Thee " at the inauguration Tuesday . Aretha Franklin says cold weather affected her voice during her performance at the inauguration on Tuesday . CNN 's Larry King talks with "  The Queen of Soul " about the reality of the nation 's first black president , singing at the inauguration and the much-talked-about hat she wore . Larry King : Where 'd you get that hat ? Aretha Franklin : Well , I bought it at a little millinery that I frequent out in Detroit . King : What was that like for you  Tuesday  ? Franklin : Oh . What a tremendous , mammoth morning , evening , the ball , everything , from one event to the other , was just too much . King : How did you find out you were singing ? Franklin : My agent called me and he told me that he had received an invitation and a telephone call , asking for my presence and performance at the swearing-in and the inauguration . King : Did you choose the song ? Franklin : Yes , I did . King : Is that a tough song to sing ? Franklin : No , not at all , but  Tuesday  it was . Mainly because of the temperature outside . I do n't have to tell you , it was freezing , if you were there . Some singers it does n't bother , and others it does . I do n't care for it . It affected my voice . Watch Franklin sing at inauguration " King : You sang at Martin Luther King 's funeral . What do you remember about that ? Franklin : There were very , very long lines , of course . I recall walking in the street behind the bier , somewhere maybe about 200 , 300 feet from the bier , I think . I recall Leontyne Price being there , as well as Eartha Kitt . They shuttled us from one point to the other . The passing of a great man was at hand . King : How did you feel yesterday about seeing a young black man elected president ? Franklin : Oh boy , how do you put it into words ? There 's a love affair going on with the country and Barack . I think it 's the age of Barack . People have just fallen head over heels in love with him . His ascent to the presidency was miraculous . But we have to remember that he 's not going to work miracles right off the top . It 's going to take time . Watch Franklin discuss joy of seeing nation 's first black president " There 's  a lot of problems , and there 's a plethora of things to deal with for he and his administration . King : One thing , with your magnificent voice , is it hard to sing outdoors ? Franklin : It depends on the temperature . Yesterday , Mother Nature was not very kind to me . I 'm going to deal with her when I get home . It , by no means , was my standard . I was not happy with it , but I just feel blessed because it could have been five above zero or five below zero like it is in Detroit . I was still blessed to be able to pretty much just sing the melody , but I was n't happy with it , of course . King : It was great to listen to . Franklin : I was delighted and thrilled to be there . That was the most important thing , not so much the performance , but just to be there and to see this great man go into office -- the promise of tomorrow coming to pass .	Aretha Franklin : Cold weather affected rendition of "  My Country 'T is of Thee " Franklin on Obama presidency : "  It 's the age of Barack " Franklin says she bought much-talked-about inauguration hat at Detroit millinery
U.S. electronics giant Apple is investigating reports in China that a woman died after being electrocuted while trying to make a call with her iPhone 5 while it was charging . Ma Ailun , a flight attendant with China Southern Airlines , was picking up her handset to answer a call last Thursday when she received an electric shock , police said Sunday , in reports carried by the state-run Xinhua news agency . Police , who are continuing their investigation , have not yet identified a cause -- whether the phone or anything else . In a statement received by CNN , Apple said : "  We are deeply saddened to learn of this tragic incident and offer our condolences to the Ma family . We will fully investigate and cooperate with authorities in this matter . " Many have taken to to social media to question how the 23-year old from China 's far-western Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region died . "  I  hope that Apple Inc. can give us an explanation . I also hope that all of you will refrain from using your mobile devices while charging , " a person identified as Ma 's sister posted on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like service . Meanwhile , Ma 's father , Ma Guanghui , said that his daughter was electrocuted , adding that her body showed signs of electrocution , Xinhua said . But Monday 's Xinhua report also pointed out that mobile phones have a low output of only 3 to 5 volts , which is n't enough to harm the human body .	Ma Ailun , 23 , was picking up her iPhone to answer a call when she was electrocuted , Xinhua reports Police have yet to say whether her phone was involved as they continue their investigation Apple : We will fully investigate and co-operate with authorities in this matter
CNN  -- The leaders of France and Japan vowed Thursday to work to bolster international safety standards for nuclear power plants , making the subject a prime topic at a pair of upcoming international summits . At the request of French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who visited Tokyo on Thursday , Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan said he would explain the situation at the stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in the context of overall safety during the G8 summit in May in Deuville , France , and again at November 's G-20 summit in Cannes , France . "  The world is one community , " said Sarkozy . "  So what happens in one place affects other places as well . This is an issue of global safety . " Kan said he concurred with the French president , noting he would be willing to detail Japan 's challenges at the embattled plant -- where at least four of the six reactors suffered significant damage , leading to the release of radiation into the air , soil and water -- at the upcoming global meetings . A discussion and possible adoption of international nuclear safety standards , he added , would be sensible and mutually beneficial . "  We need to accurately convey our lessons from this experience , " Kan said . "  The safety criteria should be taken up in these meetings . " The French president , who traveled to Japan in his capacity as current head of the G8 group that also includes Canada , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States , said that there was a lack of clear , universal guidelines for nuclear safety . "  An independent body ... should establish international safety standards , " he said . Still , Kan said that his government 's first priority , beyond addressing the humanitarian and reconstruction needs wrought by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami , is resolving the nuclear crisis without a further widespread release of radiation . After that , he said , Japan will analyze and assess its energy policy -- including the role that nuclear power will and should play . The initial goal in this assessment , according to Kan , will be maximizing safety at its existing nuclear facilities . "  We must position nuclear power plants to become safer , " he said , "  so that such an accident will never happen again . " Sarkozy acknowledged Japan 's crisis has affected France 's take on nuclear energy . He promised that inspectors there will expeditiously check out French nuclear plants to make sure they are safe . "  If they do not meet the  safety  criteria , we will be closing down the plants , " the president said . As to the immediate crisis , Sarkozy said that France would offer a special robot to work in contaminated areas in Japan as well as offer up experts and insight to help Japan navigate the current crisis . France is one of several nations to offer up such assistance . The United States , for one , has made numerous contributions , including dispatching a 140-member team of troops specializing in detecting , medical treating and decontaminating radioactive material .	French President Sarkozy , the current head of the G8 , visits Japan Japan 's prime minister says he 'll discuss the nuclear crisis at G8 and G-20 meetings Sarkozy says of the need for nuclear standards : "  This is an issue of global safety "
CNN  -- Nearly 500 cases of Norovirus have been reported on two Florida-based Princess Cruises ships , the cruise line said Sunday . The 499 cases occurred on the Ruby Princess and the Crown Princess , both based out of Fort Lauderdale , Florida , said cruise line spokeswoman Julie Benson . On Saturday , the Crown Princess returned from a Caribbean cruise with 364 sick passengers and 30 sick crew members , she said . In all , about 3,100 people were on board . Sunday morning , the 3,000 passengers and crew on board the Ruby Princess disembarked , Benson said . Of those on board , 92 passengers and 13 crew members were reported ill . "  We 're working in close cooperation with the CDC to identify the cause , " Benson said . Investigators with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have been on board both vessels and monitoring cleaning procedures , she said . The Crown Princess was cleaned Saturday and has returned to sea , she said . The Ruby Princess was also set to return to sea Sunday afternoon . Passengers on both departing cruises are notified of the outbreak and cleaning , she said , and advised of protective measures . Norovirus causes symptoms including diarrhea , vomiting and stomach pain , according to the CDC . It is spread from person to person through contaminated food or water or by touching contaminated surfaces . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The 499 illnesses occurred on the Ruby Princess and Crown Princess Princess Cruises is working with investigators to find the cause Norovirus can cause diarrhea , vomiting and stomach pain
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Embattled Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari met with Army Chief General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani -- a sign that , some say , shows tensions between Pakistan 's civilian and military leadership are cooling down . The two met on Saturday to discuss the "  current security situation , " presidential spokesman Farhatullah Babar told CNN . A second meeting between civilian and military leadership took place afterward , as Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani convened the Cabinet 's defense committee . The meetings come one day after Pakistani and British official denied a report that Pakistani prime minister contacted the British High Commission to express fears that a military coup was imminent in his country . Officials from both countries said such a call never took place . Saturday 's meeting signaled an easing of tensions between the military and the president , said retired Brig. Mehmoud Shah . "  It 's a good beginning to soothe the tension that 's gripping the country , " said Shah , a military analyst . "  It shows the two sides are prepared to talk and want the democratic system to move forward . " During the prime minister 's meeting with leaders , he stressed that Pakistan 's sovereignty is non-negotiable , according to a news release . "  We would reject any approach that would tend to compromise our sovereignty , honor and national dignity , " Gilani said . "  Our contribution and steadfast commitment to stability and peace at home and in our region is unquestionable and second to none . " For Pakistan , there is a need for national unity , especially between the military and the civilian government , he said . "  Together in complete harmony with each other and other vital institutions we can change the country 's destiny and accord , its rightful place in the comity of nations , " he said . Military officials did not immediately comment on the meetings and their outcomes . The military and the government have been locked in a tense standoff after an alleged secret effort by the government last year to ward off a possible military coup by curbing the army 's power with Washington 's help . The government denied the accusation but the Supreme Court is investigating the scandal and its findings could threaten President Zardari and his ruling party . A series of events have also added to the furor . The U.S. killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden during a May raid on a compound located only about a mile from the Pakistan Military Academy in Abbottabad enraged the Pakistani public and deeply embarrassed the military . Relations became even more strained in November , after NATO forces said they mistakenly killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers in airstrikes near the Afghan border -- an attack the United States insists was an act of self-defense after its troops were fired upon . Pakistan 's government has formally disputed the findings of the U.S. investigation into the airstrike , saying the bombardment went on long after it reported its troops were under fire . And the United States launched its first drone attack in Pakistan Tuesday after more than a month-long lull , killing at least four suspected militants . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	NEW : The prime minister also hosts a meeting with defense officials Pakistan 's president meets with the top general There have been tensions between the two sides for some time An analyst says the meeting helps relieve tensions
CNN  -- Fearing that flocks of unmanned aircraft might soon traverse U.S. skies , the Federal Aviation Administration on Friday quickly appealed a judge 's ruling that the agency does not have the authority to regulate commercial drones . The case involves Raphael Pirker , a drone enthusiast fined $ 10,000 by the FAA for using his 56-inch foam glider to take promotional videos of the University of Virginia Medical Center . The FAA said Pirker 's flight ran afoul of its strict rules governing the commercial use of drones . On Friday , less than 24 hours after losing its case , the FAA said it was appealing the decision by Patrick Geraghty , an administrative law judge with the National Transportation Safety Board . "  The agency is concerned that this decision could impact ... the safety of people and property on the ground , " the FAA said in a statement . Geraghty said FAA regulations approved for manned aircraft did not apply to unmanned aircraft any more than they applied to paper airplanes or balsa wood planes . Pirker 's attorney , Brendan Schulman , called it "  a tremendously significant decision for model aircraft and commercial drone operators . " "  As a general matter , the decision finds that the FAA 's 2007 policy statement banning the commercial use of model aircraft is not enforceable . It would appear to me to have a very significant impact on other operators , " Schulman said . But the decision confounded the FAA , which as recently as last week had publicized its restrictions on commercial use of drones . In a press release headlined "  Busting Myths about the FAA and Unmanned Aircraft , " it stressed that UAS enthusiasts could not use drones for commercial purposes . "  A commercial flight requires a certified aircraft , a licensed pilot and operating approval . To date , only one operation has met these criteria , using Insitu 's ScanEagle , and authorization was limited to the Arctic , " the FAA 's Busting Myths release said . "  There are no shades of gray in FAA regulations , " the FAA continued . "  Anyone who wants to fly an aircraft-manned or unmanned-in U.S. airspace needs some level of FAA approval . " The flight that got Pirker in trouble occurred October 17 , 2011 , when he remotely piloted a $ 130 RiteWing Zephyr II aircraft at the campus medical center . The FAA investigated , and the following April it proposed a $ 10,000 civil penalty , saying that Pirker operated the plane "  in a careless or reckless manner so as to endanger the life or property of another . " Pirker operated the aircraft within about 50 feet of numerous individuals , about 20 feet of a crowded street , and within approximately 100 feet of an active heliport at UVA , the FAA alleged . One person had to take "  evasive measures " to avoid being struck by the aircraft , the agency said . Pirker appealed the case to the NTSB , where the case went before Geraghty . The FAA is appealing the matter to the full safety board .	Raphael Pirker remotely piloted a model plane for commercial purposes The FAA said he needed to get authorization beforehand But federal administrative judge sides with pilot , dumps fine FAA appealed , saying it fears the decision could impact safety
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Six roasted fetuses covered with gold for black magic rituals were found in a Bangkok hotel room , and the gruesome discovery led to the arrest of a British citizen Friday , Thai police said . Chow Hok Kuen , a 28-year-old Briton of Taiwanese origin , faces charges of hiding and covering dead bodies and a jail term of up to a year , police said . The arrest came after police were tipped off about a website advertising the sale of the fetuses . Police searched Chow 's hotel room and found the fetuses packed in a box inside Chow 's baggage , they said . Chow said that he planned to sell fetuses in Taiwan and that one could be worth up to 200,000 Thai baht , or $ 6,300 , police said . He told police that the black magic rituals with fetuses are believed to bring good fortune for businesspeople . Police say it 's unclear where the fetuses came from . The British Foreign Office confirmed the arrest and will provide consular assistance if necessary .	The six fetuses were found in a Bangkok hotel room They are said to be used for black magic rituals Britain confirmed the arrest
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Before I went to Sudan , I did n't know much about the conflict in Darfur beyond everyone saying , "  It 's the worst genocide of our time " and watching footage on CNN of the Janjaweed militia wiping out whole villages . Really , we only decided to go there because one of our favorite photographers had been chatting with an old friend of his who is now a UN press officer in Khartoum . She offered to pull some strings and get us visas and organize flights around the country , so we said , "  F *** it " and got on a plane . On the flight over , I went through this huge binder of research about the situation . It really messed me up . The scale of the devastation was difficult to comprehend : There have been 300,000 people killed and at least 2 million displaced from their homes in Darfur since fighting broke out in 2003 . This comes right on the heels of another civil war in the south of Sudan that killed more than 2 million people and displaced a further 4 million over the course of the conflict . As the plane landed in Khartoum , I had the biggest "  Ummmm , what the f *** am I doing here ? " moment of my life . From the minute we got off the plane to the minute we flew out again , I was s *** - scared . And as it turned out , I was totally right to be . I never understood the motivation of the conflict until I went there . Why are they killing all these people , cutting their arms off and throwing them in the wells ? Well , obviously that 's a terror tactic , but it also makes the villages and towns where they do it unlivable afterward . Why ruin the land that you 're raiding ? It did n't seem to be about one group claiming rights to territory ; they 're all Muslim , so it is n't about religion or Arabs killing blacks , like it 's being portrayed in the media . What is it for ? Well , as little as 30 years ago , Sudan was one of the poorest nations in Africa . It experienced a huge famine in the early 1980s , just like Ethiopia . Then they found oil in the south , so they freaked out and sent all these paramilitary groups similar to the Janjaweed down there and kicked all the people off the land . These groups were not officially affiliated with the government , so the government could safely say , "  It 's got nothing to do with us , " but they were all secretly government-sanctioned . The civil war that this led to went on for nearly 20 years . They finally enacted a peace agreement to unite north and south Sudan , and the UN went to Sudan especially to monitor that agreement . But then -- bang ! -- same thing happened again , elsewhere in the country . The Janjaweed started killing people in Darfur , and the government was saying "  It 's not us doing it " and doing very little to stop them . See the rest of Inside Sudan at VBS.TV And that 's the interesting thing . In fact , we could point our finger at America for the early days of it , because Chevron sank the first well in southern Sudan . When we went down south in Sudan and saw the wells , we found out that it 's all Chinese companies there now . China does n't have any of America 's problems of bad press in the Middle East or Africa , or people back home saying they should n't buy conflict diamonds or whatever . China is in very good favor in those parts of the world . In 2009 , China gave $ 10 billion in aid to African countries . So Africans are like , "  We love China . " In turn , China comes in and says , "  We 'll take your oil and your gold . We do n't give a s *** about your conflicts or who hates who here . " The work camps are all completely enclosed and staffed by Chinese and Malaysians . All the money that Sudan gets from these wells goes to the north to Khartoum . The south of Sudan is supposed to get 2 percent , but they have no auditing there , so it 's like , "  Two percent of how much ? " It 's crazy , you 're in the poorest areas in the world , and you 're constantly in the shadow of rigs that are pumping out oil for China . Everyone likes to say that America is addicted to oil , but at this point it 's the entire world .	VBS goes to Sudan on a quest to learn the motivation behind the Darfur conflict Research just before the trip opened reporter Shane Smith 's eyes to scale of devastation Smith : "  From the minute we got off the plane to the minute we flew out again , I was s *** - scared . "
CNN  -- The coming summer and fall could be an "  active to extremely active " hurricane season in the Atlantic Ocean , U.S. forecasters with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration predicted . There is a 70 percent chance that three to seven major hurricanes will swirl in the Atlantic in the six months following the start of the hurricane season on June 1 , according to NOAA 's Climate Prediction Center . "  If this outlook holds true , this season could be one of the more active on record , " said Jane Lubchenco , the under secretary of commerce for oceans and atmosphere , and NOAA 's administrator . The forecast predicts between 14 and 23 storms with top winds of 39 mph or higher , the threshold for tropical storm status . It predicts eight to 14 of those will become named hurricanes , with winds topping 74 mph or higher , and three to seven of those will become major ones , meaning Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson scale . Category 3 storms have sustained winds of at least 111 mph . Forecasters have said that El Nino conditions will dissipate by summer and that unusually warm tropical Atlantic surface temperatures will persist , leading to favorable conditions for hurricanes to develop and intensify . A report released in April by Colorado State University 's forecasters William Gray and Phil Klotzbach also said that this year 's hurricane season could be difficult , but they predicted only 15 named storms , eight hurricanes and four major hurricanes . Gray and Klotzbach will issue a revised forecast next Wednesday . A typical season has 11 named storms , six hurricanes and two major hurricanes , according to NOAA . The hurricane season ends November 30 , although later storms have been known to happen . Last year 's hurricane season was below average , with only nine named tropical storms , three of which were hurricanes . The National Hurricane Center said it was the lowest number of tropical storms for the Atlantic basin since 1997 .	NOAA predicts three to seven "  major " hurricanes in the Atlantic Hurricane season starts Tuesday Unusually warm tropical Atlantic surface temperatures are expected to boost storms
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi government Friday demanded the withdrawal of an Iranian "  armed group " that it says seized an oil well in southern Iraq on Thursday night . Iran is denying any takeover took place . The Iraqi government issued a strong statement deploring the act after Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki headed an emergency meeting of Iraq 's National Security Council to discuss the situation . "  The council stressed that such incidents would be considered a violation of the border and violated Iraq 's sovereignty and its territories and calls upon Iran to pull out the group from well No. 4 and take down the Iranian flag from the tower of the well immediately , " Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said in the statement . Senior Iraqi government sources initially referred to the Iranians as "  security forces , " but the official Iraqi government statement later called them an "  armed group . " Drilled in 1979 , the well is in Iraq 's Maysan province , east of Amara , near the Iranian border . It is within the province 's Fakka oil field , the Iraqi government said . Al-Dabbagh said in the statement that the Iraqi government had summoned the Iranian ambassador in Baghdad , Hassan Kazemi Qomi , to inform him officially about the incident and asked him to provide a note to Iran 's Foreign Affairs Ministry "  to address such a violation . " The statement said the Iraqi government called upon Iran "  to resolve all border problems through diplomatic dialogue and avoid the use of military force in order to preserve our common security and bilateral relations between the two countries . " An official at the Iranian Embassy in Baghdad had said earlier that Iraqi authorities had not yet contacted them . Iraq and Iran share a long border , and high-ranking committees from both countries handle all border matters , an Iranian Embassy official said . Iraq and Iran fought a bloody eight-year war that ended in 1988 in a cease-fire with no clear victor and parts of the border under dispute . But political , economic , cultural and religious ties between Iran , a predominantly Shiite Muslim nation , and Iraq , a majority Shiite Muslim nation , greatly improved after the overthrow of the Saddam Hussein regime in 2003 . At the same time , there has been widespread concern among Iraqi and U.S. officials that Iran has been providing Iraqi insurgents with material for roadside bombs during the Iraq war . The report of the oil well incident comes several days after the Oil Ministry 's two-day auction of oil fields . Aimed at increasing Iraqi oil production , deals were struck for seven of the 15 fields offered . There also had been oil bidding in June . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	NEW : Iraqi official says Iranian ambassador to Iraq has been summoned over matter Iran denies Incident happened ; Iraqi government blames Iranian "  armed group " Well is in Maysan province , east of Amara , near Iranian border , officials say The two countries fought 8-year war that ended in 1988 with parts of border under dispute
CNN  -- The blog "  Stuff White People Like " is wildly popular with fans who 've embraced the hilarious , satirical sendup of the white middle class that -- according to the list -- have an ongoing love affair with things such as coffee  No. 1  , organic food  No. 6  , yoga  15  and the Toyota Prius  60  . Blogger-turned-author Christian Lander is the force behind "  Stuff White People Like . " The site also has spurred an outpouring from those who view it as offensive and racist . Now devotees and detractors alike have more to discuss with the release of the book "  Stuff White People Like : A Definitive Guide to the Unique Taste of Millions " by the blog 's creator , Christian Lander . Filled with photos and some content from the blog , the guide includes new entries exclusive to the book . Lander also worked with a designer to create things such as flow charts on "  How to Name a White Child " and "  White Career Trajectories " as well as a test of the reader 's "  whiteness . " As befitting the genius behind such a site and book , Lander is a bit of a ham  actually , make that Canadian bacon since he hails from Toronto , Ontario  . Watch Lander talk about what he likes " The origins of "  Stuff " date from January 2008 , he said , because of an instant messenger conversation between him and his friend Miles about the HBO drama "  The Wire . " Miles , who is Filipino , tossed off that he did n't trust any white person who did n't watch the series . That exchange started a back-and-forth between the two about what white people were doing instead of watching the show . "  We said , ` Oh , they are going to plays , they 're doing yoga , they 're getting divorced , ' " recalled Lander , who could n't pass up the gold mine of ideas and started blogging . "  The goal was to literally make Miles and a few of my friends laugh , and it just took off . " Within six weeks , Random House came calling , and a book deal was finalized . CNN talked to the blogger-turned-author about his "  whiteness , " whether he is like Stephen Colbert but instead mocks earnest , left-wing types , and why "  Stuff White People Like " will never make the list of "  Stuff White People Like . " CNN : Where do you get your ideas ? Christian Lander : Farmers ' markets . CNN : How do you get your ideas at farmers ' markets ? Lander : Keeping my eyes open . I just see what people are up to . And the mirror is another good place to look for inspiration . I really make fun of myself . CNN : So what makes you an authority on white people ? Lander : Look at me -LSB- laughing -RSB- . I mean , I have liberal arts degrees ; I look like this . I 'm on the inside . CNN : Do you ever worry about offending people ? Lander : No . I 'm glad when I offend people with this because it 's not offensive . What 's been great about it is the title draws people in , and right away they are like , "  What is this ? Am I going to get offended by this ? " Then they read it , and it 's not what they expect . People see the title and they expect "  Stuff White People Like " to be entries like mayonnaise , or dancing poorly , these old stereotypes that are really outdated and are n't even funny anymore . You 're sort of expecting it to be the lame white guy stuff and you go , "  Oh my God , this is all the stuff I actually like . " It 's playing off white stereotypes , but it 's not stereotypes in a demeaning way . CNN : If those are old stereotypes , could your stuff be considered "  new stereotypes " ? Lander : No , because they 're true -LSB- laughing -RSB- . I consider these valid observations . It 's an update on this idea of a yuppie . In the '80s , the idea of the yuppie was really about just consumerism : I have an expensive BMW , I have these things , and it 's buying , buying , buying . I think that that attitude is still there , but the materials changed into where it 's "  My carbon footprint 's lower , my music taste is better , I visited more countries than you . " The quest for status is still there . CNN : What are some of the entries that elicited the most negative responses and really pushed people 's buttons ? Lander : One was written by Miles . Now Miles is Asian , and I ca n't stress that enough . He wrote post No. 11 , which is "  White People Like Asian Girls . " That has been by far the most commented on . The other ones have all been pretty level in terms of drawing responses from people . CNN : What are some of the things that have been rejected from the list ? Lander : People send in stuff all the time , and one of the things is that people just do n't get what I am going for here . They send in -LSB- suggestions such as -RSB- guns , NASCAR , trailer parks -- these old stereotypes that are not what I 'm after . The one I reject a lot is people say , "  Well , you know what , ` Stuff White People Like ' should be on the list of ` Stuff White People Like . ' " I 'm just like , "  All right , postmodern hero , you 're not the first person to send this in . I 'm not putting it on the list . " CNN : Entry No. 92 is book deals , so we are assuming you like that one . What are some other things on the list you like ? Lander : There are things that I like that I am ashamed that I like . My favorite entry , which I wrote and where I attack myself the most , is "  Knowing What 's Best for Poor People . " That was one that definitely applies to me , and I sort of recognize the ego that 's behind that one and how ridiculous that one is . CNN : What 's some stuff white people do n't like ? Lander : Other white people . That 's it . The wrong kind of white people . CNN : Who are the wrong kind of white people ? Lander : Anyone you blame for everything that 's wrong in America are the wrong kind of white people . Not only do they hate them because they create all of these problems , but if those kinds of people start liking anything on this list , they immediately become unacceptable . CNN : Stephen Colbert made the list , and he 's renowned for making fun of the right wing . Do you consider yourself a type of Stephen Colbert for the lefties ? Lander : I do n't know because Stephen Colbert , in his heart of hearts , is a lefty and so am I. I consider myself a self-aware , left-wing person who 's not afraid to recognize the selfishness and contradictions that come on the left . I think a lot of people who are on that side really fail to do that a lot of the time . I think the people I write about here are very , very self-righteous and believe that everything they do is right , and they are very resistant to cast a critical eye to themselves . It was really fun for me to write in a cathartic way , sort of like I am attacking my own pretentiousness and my own ridiculousness . It 's just amazing because these people are so self-aware but so unaware at the same time .	Popular "  Stuff White People Like " blog now a book Blog and book have its fans and detractors Author says , "  It 's playing off stereotypes "
CNN  -- Wrestling legend and reality TV star Hulk Hogan reveals in a new book that he would have committed suicide were it not for a surprise phone call , according to a story in the New York Daily News . Hulk Hogan says a call from co-star Laila Ali saved his life . Hogan , whose real name is Terry Bollea , credits boxer and "  Gladiators " co-star Laila Ali with making the call that prevented him from taking his own life . In his new book "  My Life Outside the Ring , " the former wrestler describes how he hit rock bottom after breaking up with his wife of 23 years , Linda , and coping with his son Nick 's accident in which he lost control of Hogan 's Toyota Supra . The accident injured his son 's friend , who is now brain-damaged , and led to Nick Hogan being jailed . According to the story , the book documents Hogan 's distress about his marriage ending , especially given the turmoil the family was experiencing after Nick 's accident . "  I practically begged her , ` Please , do n't file , ' " the Daily News story quotes the book as saying . "  Our son 's just had this accident -- if we do this now , it 'll make us look like the Britney Spears family . Please , do n't file for divorce . ' " Hogan also says that his ex-wife is an abusive alcoholic who once threatened to beat their son with a wine bottle . Her behavior was not documented on their VH1 reality show "  Hogan Knows Best , " he said , because "  There were plenty of times when Linda would lose it , but no one wanted to see that kind of ugliness on TV . " Hogan said Ali , the daughter of boxing great Muhammad Ali , prevented him from committing suicide after he had downed a cocktail of Xanax and rum . She called after noticing he had been looking distracted at work . Hogan said in the book that he had reached for a gun and put his finger on the trigger when Ali called .	In new book , wrestling legend and reality TV star talks about hitting rock bottom He credits phone call from boxer and "  Gladiators " co-star Laila Ali with saving him Book says he was despondent after his son 's car accident and breakup with wife
The rolling hills that surround the city of Erbil in northern Iraq once helped the bustling Kurdish capital earn its reputation as the Switzerland of the Middle East . Beneath the verdant greenery which dominates this ancient landscape , however , lies the source of the region 's prosperity -- lots of oil and gas . These bountiful natural resources combined with the relative stability of northern Iraq have helped fuel a nascent luxury property boom in recent years -- no mean feat in a country that has been pummeled by three wars , brutal dictatorship and recurring sectarian tensions over the last three decades . See also : Where are the world 's most expensive luxury properties ? "  I do n't know how to describe it but it is growing and it will still grow , " explained Dean Michael , chairman of Atconz Group , a Iraqi company behind a series of developments in Erbil 's luxury property sector . Michael is overseeing the construction of a vast neighborhood of four bedroom villas spread over 8 million square feet of land to the north of the city at an estimated cost of $ 550 million . A 200-square-meter villa in 2010 here sold for $ 350 per square meter  $ 32 per sq ft  . That same unit in 2013 averaged $ 1,250 per square meter  $ 116 per sq ft  , more than tripling in value over three years . "  I believe that we will be comparable to modern countries and cities in about 10 years time , " Michael confidently stated . See also : Mumbai 's new star on the rise These ambitions are backed up by the figures . In the last six years alone , the Kurdish regional government says it has attracted $ 20 billion worth of foreign direct investment with some 2,000 companies either investing or setting up shop there . After three years of oil prices averaging more than $ 100 a barrel , meanwhile , Iraq 's fourth largest city is now enjoying a second boom as it welcomes wealthy Syrians , Egyptians and Lebanese fleeing violence and uncertainty in their homelands . Many end up in the Rotana , Erbil 's first five-star hotel . According to general manager , Thomas Touma , the Rotana is where local business deals have been sealed since the hotel opened its doors three years ago . See also : Micro-homes could have big potential "  The lobby of the hotel becomes a kitchen where all these business deals are cooked , " he said . "  Three years ago I remember we had in Erbil around 15 to 19 flights per week . Today there are above 90 . " But while business is booming for those at the higher end of the income spectrum , not all is green and pleasant in Erbil . Complaints from old traders about being left behind can still be heard within the ancient walls of the old citadel . Compared to the chaos and tragedy of the recent past , however , Erbil is a city on the move and a far cry from the days of Saddam Hussein or the violence elsewhere in Iraq .	Erbil in northern Iraq is experiencing a luxury property boom Vast oil and natural gas reserves have attracted investors from across the globe The city is situated far away from more volatile regions of the country which have experienced sectarian violence in recent years
Washington  CNN  -- The Environmental Protection Agency is proposing new rules aimed at limiting the amount of carbon pollution coming from new power plants . The standards , which would set separate limits for natural gas and coal power plants , are being called the first uniform national limits for new plants . "  Power plants are the single largest sources of carbon pollution , " EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said in remarks prepared for delivery at the National Press Club in Washington . "  New power plants can minimize their carbon emissions by taking advantage of modern technologies . These technologies offer them a clear path forward , today and in the long-term . " New coal power plants and small natural gas plants would be limited to 1,100 pounds of C02 emissions per megawatt-hour . Larger natural gas plants would be limited to one thousand pounds a megawatt-hour . These restrictions are slightly looser than a set first proposed in 2012 . McCarthy said the new proposal factors in public feedback from public comments received last year . Existing power plants are exempt from the proposed carbon regulation , but McCarthy said regulations on those plants will be proposed in June . Sen. Joe Manchin , a Democrat who represents coal-rich West Virginia , criticized the administration as trying to hold the coal industry to "  impossible standards " "  Never before has the federal government forced an industry to do something that is technologically impossible . Forcing coal to meet the same emissions standards as gas when experts know that the required technology is not operational on a commercial scale makes absolutely no sense and will have devastating impacts to the coal industry and our economy , " he said in a written statement . McCarthy said the EPA has a history of pollution standards driving technological development . "  The old rules may say we ca n't protect our environment and promote economic growth at the same time , but in America , we 've always used new technologies , we 've used science , we 've used research and development and discovery to make the old rules obsolete , " McCarthy said . The president and CEO of the National Mining Association also had harsh words for the proposal . "  The regulation announced today by EPA effectively bans coal from America 's power portfolio , leaving new power plants equipped with even the most efficient and environmentally advanced technologies out in the cold , " said Hal Quinn , asserting that the EPA is "  recklessly gambling with the nation 's energy and economic future . " He said standards should be based on the best technology available today . An EPA official briefing the media on the new clean air proposals Friday said that if they are finalized , the method of recouping costs associated with the new regulations would be determined by the industry . When pressed , the EPA official refused to say if the increased costs would be passed on to consumers . The standards will be open for public comment for 60 days , during which time the agency said , it plans to hold public hearings . U.N. panel says it 's more certain that humans drive global warming CNN 's Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	The standards are being called the first uniform national limits for new plants Existing power plants are exempt from these regulations , but others are coming Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia criticizes what he calls "  impossible standards "
PARENTING.com  -- Since last night 's unexpected announcement that terrorist Osama bin Laden had been killed , many parents are grappling with how to talk to their kids about this huge news story . Young children , most born after the horrible events of September 11 , may hear bits and pieces at school even if parents took care to keep the morning news turned off . How do you explain the contradiction that it 's wrong to hurt someone , but in this case the president said it was justified ? We talked to Paul Coleman , a clinical psychologist who specializes in trauma and wrote the book "  How to Say It to Your Child When Bad Things Happen " . He offers these tips to find out if you should bring it up with your kids , and what to say if you do . • Although Coleman generally suggests age 7 as the best time to start talking to kids about tough stuff , this story is ubiquitous enough that preschool and kindergarten-age kids may get wind of it anyway from classmates . Parenting.com : How to answer kids ' toughest questions "  I would ask leading questions , " says Coleman , "  like , ` Were the kids talking about anything different than normal at school today ? ' " Once you understand what your kids have heard , you can correct any misinformation and take it from there . Time.com : Kids ask ` Who is bin Laden ' • If you do broach the topic with your kids , keep the message simple . "  Kids are very black and white , without a lot of ability to think abstractly , " says Coleman . Emphasize that bin Laden was very bad and hurt many people , and that when you hurt other people , you get punished so you ca n't keep hurting . You might even give them the relatable analogy of a bully who gets in trouble so he 'll stop picking on other kids . Parenting.com : How to raise a good-hearted child • If you have n't discussed the events of 9/11 with your kids already , you 'll have to gauge if now is the right time . Since it happened before they were born , and may feel more historical than real , some kids will be able to handle it . But if your child 's a worrier to begin with , you might want to stick with giving her information on a need-to-know basis . Parenting.com : What I told my kids about 9/11 • Above all , emphasize that the grown-ups are in charge and that kids are safe , especially if they 've caught wind of retribution fears . No , we can never know with 100 % certainty that we are truly safe , but kids need the comfort of absolutes . Here 's how parents we polled are tackling this issue with their kids today : • My 8-year old overheard as we were reading about it and discussing . We explained simply that he killed a lot of people and was a very bad man . However , we do n't celebrate the fact that a man died  since he was a person  , but we do celebrate the fact that he can not hurt people anymore . • We will probably talk about it after school today . My kids are little , so I 'll keep it simple and say Bin Laden was a very bad man who hurt a lot of people before they were born and this was the best way our country could think of to make sure he could n't hurt anyone else . • My 9-yo daughter happened to be watching the news with me this morning , so I gave her and my 7-yo son a very brief synopsis of what happened . My daughter thanked me for telling her , so she 'll know the facts if other people were talking about it at school . • I did talk to my 6 yo daughter about it this morning . I would rather her hear about this topic from me and be able to ask questions and not be afraid than hear it from potentially misinformed classmates . She 's mature for her age and asked great questions . I 'll keep the lines of communication open to be sure she feels comfortable to ask more questions if she wants to . • We told them that there was a mean man , Osama , that killed a lot of Americans . Then explained to them about "  army men " and how they captured him and sent him away forever so the mean man will never hurt any Americans again ! I told them to be proud of our country and be proud to be an American ! • I told my sons the biggest bad guy in the whole world got caught by our good guys . Parenting.com : Teaching spirituality to kids the right way	Psychologist : Age 7 is when to discuss tough things like bin Laden 's death Ask younger kids leading questions to find out if they 've heard talk about it Keep discussions simple and reassuring ; bin Laden was bad and was punished Above all , emphasize that the grown-ups are in charge and that kids are safe
CNN  -- This week , champions of the "  open net " are decrying a U.S. Court of Appeals decision striking down an FCC ruling that required Internet service providers to be neutral in their restrictions on bandwidth . The idea here is that giant bandwidth users , like Netflix or YouTube , will be required to pay access providers , like Verizon or Time Warner Cable , for all that video they 're streaming to the likes of us . Maybe they 'd even be able to buy themselves a special faster lane on the Internet for their traffic . Of course , "  open Web " advocates see in the court decision the beginning of the end of a free and egalitarian Internet . By striking down the provisions of what the industry calls "  net neutrality , " the court has also struck down an Internet provider 's obligation to let all content through its servers . In theory , they can now legally pick and choose whose media makes it to its subscribers . Which would stink . But this whole issue , and the instantaneous outcry associated with every move by a court or agency , is more complex than it looks on the surface . By casting this issue in such stark terms , those who would defend Internet freedom from the evil corporations may just be playing into the hands of other corporations whose designs on the Internet are no better . In fact it seems like just yesterday when nearly all the Internet 's champions were telling government to stay away from the net . The Web was home to the revival of Ayn Rand and a new spirit of techno-utopian libertarianism . The idea was : The free market will cure any glitches along the way , as technology firms simply compete to bring us the best . The 1997 Wired cover story , "  The Long Boom , " argued that the only impediment to technology-fueled economic growth would be the regulation of the marketplace . "  Open good , closed bad . Tattoo it on your forehead . " This became a credo of Silicon Valley and the net in general . People acted as if the Internet just emerged out of culture , like a technological extension of the collective human nervous system , rather than a network that was meticulously planned and built by government and , yes , Al Gore . Instead the main metaphor for the net would be the Wild West , out of the reach of government meddling . But as anyone who has studied the Wild West  or even watched "  Deadwood "  has learned , gold rushes get messy at the end . Eventually a big , corrupt gold mining company starts exploiting all that lawlessness , and all of a sudden it 's the formerly independent law-haters turning to the sheriff for help . And so the defenders of the net now go running for assistance to an FCC that has been systematically excluded at every turn and diminished in its power by some of these very same parties . Slammed down as if it were burning books whenever it considers protecting kids from pornography or interfering in some affair that is being fought out in the marketplace , the FCC has become a derided and timid agency . That 's why the FCC was destined to lose this case . It never even defined the Internet as a "  common carrier " -- like a road or telegraph wire -- which would necessarily be regulated in a neutral fashion , permitting passage by all . Yet in its ruling this week , the court even made it clear that the FCC has the ability to define the net as it chooses -- opening the door for the agency to claim the Internet as its domain and enforce net neutrality . No doubt , Google  which owns YouTube  , and Netflix will be encouraging all free citizens of the Internet to push the FCC in this direction . After all , they 're the ones whose videos make up a majority of Internet traffic , and who would be forced to pay the tolls -- that is , until they passed them down to us , which would likely lose them some business . In such an environment , an "  open " Web really just means open to corporations , who maintain their monopoly on bandwidth by technological superiority . None of us will have the streaming capability of a Google or Netflix off our home servers -- unless , of course , the FCC regulates things that way . I , for one , would less like to see net neutrality than net favoritism : It 's the transmissions between real people , schools , artists and nonprofit organizations that need a special lane on the net if anyone 's going to get such a provision . So before we start shouting about what government and corporations should do to make the Web "  open , " we 'd better remember that one person 's "  open " may as well be another person 's "  closed . " If we want a better , freer net , we have to stop responding so impulsively to every action taken in one direction or another -- particularly when there are multibillion-dollar corporations paying handsomely to make us think they 're on our side . We have to remember instead who we did hire to protect our interests . Yes , it 's time to go get the sheriff  in this case the FCC  , apologize for having stamped on his badge , and tell him he has the authority to regulate this space . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Court strikes down rule that ISPs ca n't favor some websites over others Douglas Rushkoff : Corporations may have to pay for more bandwidth to stream videos He says FCC should be empowered to make rules to favor real people , nonprofits Rushkoff : The idea of letting Web be a lawless Wild West does n't work
CNN  -- School administrators carefully watched weather forecasts Thursday night with some schools in the South opting to play it safe and cancel class or close early on Friday . Forecasters at the National Weather Service are predicting 1 to 4 inches of snow for areas in the Ohio Valley and Mid-Atlantic regions on Friday with the Carolinas and Tennessee Valley getting freezing rain beginning early in the morning . Schools in Raleigh , North Carolina , will close early , a spokesman with Wake County schools said . "  We 're going to make sure we put a plan in place so that the buses are rolling while it 's still safe and the students are back home before weather becomes an issue , " he told CNN affiliate WRAL . Dozens of school systems in Tennessee and some in northern Georgia said they would be closed . Travelers were already affected Thursday night . A spokeswoman for Nashville International Airport said all inbound American Airlines flights for Thursday night and Friday morning were canceled . Though she had no official word from other carriers , Emily Richard said she anticipated they also would cancel flights . On the other side of the country , relentless freezing rain in Salt Lake City forced all of the runways at the city 's international airport to close , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . Road crews in the South were starting to prepare for the precipitation . "  Rest assured , our team is monitoring the winter weather and have been pretreating roadways across the Commonwealth , " the Kentucky Department of Transportation said on its Facebook page . How cold is it ? Brian Fitzgerald lives on top of a mountain billed as having some of the worst weather in the world , New Hampshire 's Mount Washington . And with temperatures of 22 degrees below zero and wind gusts of up to 100 mph , it 's living up to that reputation . "  It certainly makes getting out of bed very difficult , " said Fitzgerald , who lives on the mountain eight days at a stretch as a weather observer for the private Mount Washington Observatory . Wind chills on the mountain dipped to minus 85 on Wednesday . "  It 's a constant blast in the face every time you go out , " he said . That 's a sentiment millions of Americans might share at the moment , even if conditions are n't quite so extreme elsewhere . In Waterville Valley , New Hampshire , the ski slopes were almost empty . "  The weather is n't quite cooperative , Drew Vetere told CNN affiliate WMUR . "  It 's a good day to get some hot chocolate . " People in the Upper Midwest who have been dealing with temperatures below zero are likely to have little sympathy . "  It is going to warm up to 20 by the first of next week and I ca n't wait , " said Minnesota resident Margaret Davis in a comment on a CNN story . Temperatures for the morning commute in the North Star State stayed well below zero . But as with most things , the cold is a matter of perspective ... or one-upsmanship . "  Temperatures as meager as -40 seems absurd , " said reader Ben Edwards . "  That 's what one would call a warm day up here in Fairbanks , Alaska . " Not everyone was saddened by the conditions . Cathy Bryd , a third-grade teacher in King George , Virginia , got a day off and sent in an iReport . "  This is the first snow day of the season ... I 'm sure my kids are definitely enjoying -LSB- it -RSB- , " she said . She said her dog , Toby , wanted to stay out in the freezing temperatures and play in the snow . Share your cold weather stories , videos and images iReport : Cold Wisconsin ! Cold weather tricks The drop in temperature provided many with the opportunity to conduct some unusual experiments . Several readers sent in submissions to CNN 's iReport where they demonstrated the effects of the weather by tossing boiling water into the air and watching as the mist particles froze in midair . A reporter with CNN affiliate KVLY in Fargo-Grand Forks , North Dakota , used a frozen banana to hammer a nail . It worked . Others took soaking wet T-shirts , draped them on hangers and watched as the cold air quickly froze them stiff . Chicago firefighters hosing down a burning warehouse blaze ended up encasing the building in inches of ice . The cold weather was good news for those who sell hot coffee for a living . "  On days like this , coffee sells . Bagels do n't , " said Sami Akramia , a 41-year-old food cart worker bundled up in Midtown Manhattan as the temperature dropped to 4 degrees Wednesday . Deadly consequences National Weather Service forecasters say they expect the cold weather to last throughout the week and urged caution . The frigid weather can have deadly consequences . Authorities say exposure to subfreezing temperatures left at least three people dead in Wisconsin , Minnesota and Illinois . "  Those people who work outside have to be careful , " said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . "  We feel the wind chill , and so do pets . You need to find some place indoors and out of the wind for them . " In New York and New Jersey , homes destroyed by Superstorm Sandy in places such as New Dorp , Staten Island , and Far Rockaway , Queens , lacked basic utilities needed to restore heat . In the northern Maine town of Presque Isle , temperatures hung around 24 below Fahrenheit . And in Grand Forks , North Dakota , residents bundled up to stave off a potentially deadly wind chill that hovered even lower , around 33 below . "  The biggest thing is staying out of the wind . That 's what kills you , " said Michael Lannen , who works at a Menards hardware store in Grand Forks . "  It seems we get one of these kinds of weeks every year , so everyone is just trying to bundle up and stay indoors . " CNN 's Joe Sutton , David Ariosto , Christina Zdanowicz , Daphne Sashin and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	NEW : Schools in the South take cautious approach to predictions of freezing rain Forecasters predict possible ice accumulations Friday in Georgia and four other states National Weather Service forecasters say they expect the cold to last through the week Authorities say exposure to subfreezing temperatures left at least three people dead
Washington  CNN  -- The owner of one farm at the center of a massive egg recall apologized to anyone who may have been sickened by his product Wednesday , while another refused to answer questions about conditions at his operation . Orland Bethel , president of Hillandale Farms of Iowa , invoked his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination when asked whether he knew about unsanitary conditions at one of his farms before an August e-mail from a production manager . Bethel was appearing before a House subcommittee investigating the outbreak of Salmonella enteritidis that sickened more than 1,600 people and triggered the recall of more than half a billion eggs . Duane Mangskau , Hillandale Farms production representative , told the committee that the recall has forced his firm "  to take a hard look at our operations . " "  And even if the source of the salmonella illness is never confirmed , where we have fallen short in Iowa , we are committed to improving our operations , " Mangskau said . He said Hillandale has cut its marketing relationship with another DeCoster-owned farm "  because we were disappointed with the test results there . " Meanwhile , the owner of the other agribusiness firm involved in the recall said he was "  horrified " that eggs from his company may have sickened anyone . "  We apologize to everyone who may have been sickened by eating our eggs . I pray several times each day for all of them and for their improved health , " Austin "  Jack " DeCoster , the owner of Wright County Egg , told the House Energy and Commerce subcommittee . DeCoster -- whose chicken and hog farms have been repeatedly cited by state regulators in the Northeast and Midwest -- said his company 's compliance with food safety regulation suffered as it grew , and "  I am sorry for those failings . " "  I accept responsibility for those mistakes in our operations , " he told the committee . And DeCoster 's son Peter , Wright County Egg 's chief operating officer , told the subcommittee that "  while we always believed we were doing the right thing , it is now very clear that we must do more . " But the DeCosters faced sharp questions throughout the hearing from lawmakers , including the chairman of the full committee , Rep. Henry Waxman . Salmonella occurs naturally in chickens , but Food and Drug Administration inspectors reported in August that neither Wright County nor Hillandale fully followed their plans to prevent Salmonella enteritidis , the strain behind the outbreak . Federal investigators reported finding salmonella bacteria in chicken feed and in barn and walkway areas at the farms , as well as rodents , heaping piles of manure , dead animals and uncaged birds and flies too numerous to count . "  It 's hard for me to reconcile your words , that you wanted to clean up and you did clean up the facility , with the record before the committee , " said Waxman , D-California . "  The conditions in your facility were not clean . They were not sanitary . They were filthy . " But the committee 's ranking Republican , Texas Rep. Michael Burgess , also questioned why Department of Agriculture inspectors failed to report conditions at Wright County Egg to the FDA . "  If you know this is a high-risk food and a high-risk practice -- and the deCosters kind of have a history -- why would n't someone say something ? " Burgess asked Dr. Joshua Sharfstein , the FDA 's principal deputy commissioner . Burgess suggested the outbreak could have been averted "  if one federal agency had used common sense and talked to another feeral agency . " Sharfstein said the FDA and the USDA , which regulate different aspects of the industry , "  are working on improving communication . " But he said new regulations on egg producers and a food-safety bill pending in the Senate "  would allow us to make those inspections as effective as possible . " At the outset of the hearing , Waxman said the DeCoster family has had "  warning after warning " about conditions at its operations for decades . Despite those warnings , DeCoster family companies "  continue to raise chickens in slovenly conditions and make millions of dollars by selling contaminated eggs , " he said . And DeCoster 's remarks were briefly interrupted by a protester the Farm Animal Rights Movement , a group critical of industrialized agriculture . The man carried a banner that proclaimed , "  Recall ALL egg production . " "  DeCoster and his cohorts are a mere piece of a larger picture , " the man said before being escorted from the hearing room . There were fireworks among members of the committee as well , as its ranking Republican tried to rebut Democrats ' criticism of Oklahoma Republican Sen. Tom Coburn , who is fighting new food safety legislation supporters say could have prevented the outbreak . At one point , subcommittee Chairman Bart Stupak , D-Michigan , cut off Burgess 's microphone when he tried to read a statement blaming the Senate 's Democratic leadership for stalling the bill . Burgess later accused Stupak of "  censorship . " Stupak said Burgess -- who supported the legislation -- tried to "  back-door " a statement from Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn into the record after his time had expired and without the consent of the committee . One of those sickened in this summer 's outbreak was Sarah Lewis , who told the subcommittee she ended up in an intensive-care unit after eating a custard tart at a party for her sister 's college graduation . Her sister also fell ill . She said she still suffers from severe abdominal cramps , diarrhea and fevers and has to take between five to 10 drugs a day . "  I lost 30 pounds , " she said . "  My sick joke is , ` You can cure my salmonella in 30 more pounds , ' you know what I mean ? But it 's not funny . "	NEW : Hillandale CEO takes the Fifth Amendment in salmonella hearing Wright County Egg owners say compliance fell off as the company grew Congressman says farms had "  warning after warning " about conditions Protest and partisan friction punctuates the hearing
PARIS , France -- AC Milan 's Brazilian midfielder Kaka has been named European player of the year , lifting France Football 's Ballon d'Or award . Kaka has already claimed all of the game 's major prizes . His success comes two years after his fellow countryman , Barcelona 's Ronaldinho , claimed the award The 25-year-old Kaka was a major factor in AC Milan 's triumphant Champions League campaign . The runner-up was Manchester United 's Portuguese winger Cristiano Ronaldo with Barcelona 's Argentinian midfielder Lionel Messi finishing third . "  This is very special for me - it culminates an astonishing year for me , " Kaka said . "  It 's the top prize around and the only way to win something like this is to play for a team like AC Milan . It 's great to be part of a team that wins . " At 25 years old , he has already won all the game 's major prizes , individually and collectively . He was part of Brazil 's 2002 World Cup winning squad , although he was limited to just 19 minutes as a substitute against Costa Rica . He was top scorer in last season 's Champions League , helping Milan to avenge their loss to Liverpool in the 2005 final . He won the Italian domestic title in his first season at Milan having joined from Brazilians Sao Paulo for $ 8.5 million , a sum that Milan president Silvio Berlusconi then described as peanuts . E-mail to a friend	Brazilian Kaka is named European player of the year The AC Milan player is chosen ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo of Manchester Utd Argentine Lionel Messi of Barcelona finishes third
PARIS , France -- World number three Novak Djokovic crashed out of the Paris Masters after being trounced in his opening match by veteran Frenchman Fabrice Santoro on Wednesday . Fabrice Santoro returns the ball during his shock second-round victory against Novak Djokovic . The 34-year-old Santoro , who beat world No. 5 Andy Roddick at the Lyon Grand Prix last week , again rose to the occasion in front of his home fans as he stormed to a 6-3 6-2 second-round victory against the Serb . It was the first time the two players had met , with Djokovic making his first outing since losing to David Nalbandian in the semifinals of the Madrid Masters two weeks ago . Djokovic , like the American Roddick , has already qualified for the season-ending Masters Cup and will now have extra time to prepare for the event in Shanghai starting next month . The 20-year-old said he was struggling following dental surgery to remove two wisdom teeth . "  I could n't give my 100 percent , not even 30 percent of my possibilities , " Djokobvic said . "  He deserved to win . I 'm still on medications . I did n't practise for a whole week , I only started practising two days ago . Physically , I 'm not feeling at all good . " The result is a boost for rising British star Andy Murray , who earlier kept alive his hopes of an unexpected place at the Masters Cup by winning his first match in Paris and was expected to face Djokovic . The 20-year-old , who has missed three months this season due to a wrist injury , beat Jarkko Nieminen of Finland 7-6  7-5  6-3 to progress into the third round . The 15th seed is seeking to overtake Tommy Haas , who holds the eighth and final place ahead of the showpiece event in Shanghai . Murray , who trails the German by just three points , has not beaten Djokovic in three meetings so far but he has never played his unseeded next opponent Santoro . Ninth seed Haas , who has struggled with illness and injury this year , will play Djokovic 's compatriot Janko Tipsarevic in the second round . Murray , who won his second title this year at the St Petersburg Open last Sunday , made a confident start against Nieminen and showed little sign of the stiff back he suffered after a minor car crash on Monday . He held his serve to love against a player who was beaten in the final of the Swiss Indoors event by Roger Federer last weekend , but then struggled for his best form as the first set went to a tiebreak . The Scot was broken just one point after having a winner overturned following an on-court appeal , but he leveled immediately and then broke Nieminen again to win a third successive game before serving out for victory . Defending champin and fourth seed Nikolay Davydenko , one of six players to have already qualified for Shanghai , beat Argentina 's Juan Del Potro 7-6  7-3  6-1 in his opening match on Wednesday . The Russian , fined for "  lack of effort " after his defeat by Croatian qualifier Marian Cilic in St Petersburg , will next face Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus in round three after Baghdatis shocked 13th seed Ivan Ljubicic . Ivo Karlovic broke Roger Federer 's serve for the first time in his life , but the top seed and world number one progressed in a late match on Wednesday . Croatian Karlovic , the tallest man in tennis at 2.08 metres , went down 6-4 4-6 6-3 as Federer played for the first time at the Bercy event since 2003 . Federer had gone 67 service games over four previous matches without a loss before Karlovic ended his duck to claim their second set . But the Swiss top seed got straight back in harness , breaking to start the final set and rolling ahead against a man he had just beaten days earlier in the Basel semifinals . World numbet two Rafael Nadal also reached the third round after thrashing Italy 's Filippo Volandri 6-3 6-1 . The Spaniard will next play Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland , who won by the same scoreline against 16th seed Juan Ignacio Chela of Argentina . E-mail to a friend	World No. 3 Novak Djokovic beaten in the second round of the Paris Masters The Serb , who had a first-round bye , lost 6-3 6-2 to veteran Fabrice Santoro Top seeds Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal win opening matches at Bercy
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- A car bomb exploded Thursday in the Russian republic of North Ossetia , killing at least 17 people -- including an 18-month-old baby -- and wounding up to 123 others , local health officials said . The vehicle blew up near a market in the city of Vladikavkaz , the republic 's leader , Taimuraz Mamsurov , told the Interfax news agency . "  Information that I possess indicates that the explosion in Vladikavkaz was organized by a suicide bomber , who drove a Volga 3102 car to near the entrance to the market , " Mamsurov said . The injured included 10 people in critical condition and 90 in serious condition , health officials said . Investigators said the explosive device contained the equivalent of 40 kilograms of TNT . The bomb was placed inside a vehicle parked at the entrance to the central market in downtown Vladikavkaz , with a suicide bomber sitting inside the car , said the Investigative Committee of the Russian Prosecutor 's Office , which qualified the attack as a "  terrorist act . " The device detonated at 11:20 a.m.  3:20 a.m. ET  . The committee also said the bomb was stuffed with various pieces of metal to increase the human damage . A natural gas canister , stored in the car 's trunk , also detonated , the committee said . The Russian Emergency Situations Ministry is sending special medical planes to Vladikavkaz to airlift heavily injured patients to Moscow 's leading trauma clinics . Friday was declared a day of national mourning in North Ossetia , according to a local government decree . Flags on all regional buildings will fly at half-staff and all entertainment programs on local TV will be cancelled as well as concerts and theater performances . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , speaking on national TV , pledged that all organizers of the deadly bombing will be identified and punished -- or killed . "  We will do all we can to catch these monsters and animals ... who have committed a terror attack , a barbaric terror attack , against ordinary people . We will do all we can to find and punish them in accordance with the laws of our country , and we will destroy them if they offer resistance or in other circumstances , " Medvedev said . Meanwhile , the owner of the car used in the bomb attack has been identified and arrested , a local police official told the Interfax news agency . The detainee claims that he sold it to an unknown buyer on Wednesday , the policeman said . The Russian government announced each family of those killed will receive 1 million rubles in compensation  more than $ 32,000  . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin also condemned the bombing , saying , "  The crimes like the one that was committed in the North Caucasus today are aimed at sowing enmity between our citizens . We have no right to allow this . " North Ossetia and the rest of the Caucasus region have been plagued with violence and political instability . The market has seen other terrorist attacks in the past . In November 2008 , a suicide bomber blew up a bus at a nearby bus station , killing 12 people and wounding more than 40 . An explosion killed more than 50 people and wounded 300 in March 1999 . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Up to 123 others were wounded , officials said An 18-month-old baby is among the dead Violence and political instability plague North Ossetia The car explodes near a market
New York  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad slammed Sunday an anti-Islam film and the violent and deadly protests it triggered in the Muslim world . Ahmadinejad spoke to CNN 's Piers Morgan in New York , ahead of the president 's visit to the U.N. General Assembly this week . "  Fundamentally , first of all , any action that is provocative , offends the religious thoughts and feelings of any people , we condemn , " he said about the inflammatory film that mocks the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and killer . Pakistani minister offers reward for anti-Islam filmmaker 's death "  Likewise , we condemn any type of extremism . Of course , what took place was ugly . Offending the Holy Prophet is quite ugly . This has very little or nothing to do with freedom and freedom of speech . This is the weakness of and the abuse of freedom , and in many places it is a crime . It should n't take place and I do hope the day will come in which politicians will not seek to offend those whom others hold holy , " said Ahmadinejad . "  We also believe that this must also be resolved in a humane atmosphere , in a participatory environment and we do not like anyone losing their lives or being killed for any reason , anywhere in the world . " The privately produced film sparked protests against the United States , where it was made . While most of the demonstrations have been peaceful , some were marred by violence that has left more than two dozen people dead -- among them U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other Americans killed in an attack on the consulate in Benghazi , Libya , that reportedly followed a demonstration against the film . When asked by Morgan whether he thought protesters should stop threatening U.S. staff abroad , Ahmadinejad responded that he can not say what other people or nations should do , but that he believes "  extremism gives birth to following and subsequent extremists . "  Perhaps if the politicians take a better position in the West vis-a-vis offensive words or thoughts or pictures towards what we hold holy , I think conditions will improve , " the president said . Sunni Islam leader urges Muslims to exercise ` patience and wisdom ' During the wide-ranging interview , which will be broadcast Monday , Ahmadinejad discussed what Iran would do if Israel were to attack it . "  Any nation has the right and will indeed defend herself . But my question is this : Why should the world be managed in such a way that an individual can allow himself to threaten a rich and deeply rooted historical , ancient country , such as Iran . A great country , such as Iran , based on an excuse of his own fabrication ... Another country can say , I am guessing that country B is doing activity X , therefore I will attack that country ... can this be ... a successful formula for the management of the world ? " Ahmadinejad asked . The president was likely referring to his country 's disputed nuclear program . Some world powers , particularly Western nations , suspect that Iran is seeking to build nuclear weapons . Tehran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes . In response to whether he feared a war , or military conflict , with Israel was imminent , Ahmadinejad said : "  The Zionists are very much , very adventuresome , very much seeking to fabricate things and I think they see themselves at the end of the line and I do firmly believe that they seek to create new opportunities for themselves and their adventurous behaviors . " In related news Sunday , a top general in Iran said his country would be capable of defeating Israel within a day , according to Iran 's state-run Press TV . Netanyahu urges U.S. to set ` red line ' for Iran "  A regime  with a frontier  that in some spots is only 24 kilometers wide could have its back broken by one of our infantry battalions in 24 hours , " Brigadier General Hossein Salami reportedly said . "  Our strategic doctrines are all defensive , but our tactics are invasive . It means that we do not initiate any war , but if anyone wages a war against us , we will counterattack incessantly and will not stop , " he said , Press TV reported . "  The enemy could initiate a war , but its ending would be up to us . " President Ahmadinejad also spoke strongly about his views on homosexuality . "  I 'm sorry . Let me ask you this . Do you believe that anyone is giving birth through homosexuality ? Homosexuality ceases procreation . Who has said that if you like or believe in doing something ugly , and others do not accept your behavior , that they 're denying your freedom ? " he asked Morgan . "  Proper education must be given ... the education system must be revamped . The political system must be revamped . And these must be also reformed , revamped along the way . But if you , if a group recognizes an ugly behavior or ugly deed as legitimate , you must not expect other countries or other groups to give it the same recognition . " Daughter of former Iranian leader starts prison sentence	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad sits down with CNN 's Piers Morgan in New York "  We do not like anyone losing their lives ... for any reason , anywhere , " the president says Ahmadinejad discusses the possibility of a military conflict with Israel He speaks strongly about his views on homosexuality
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Marine Lance Cpl. Joshua Bleill lost both his legs above the knees when a bomb exploded under his Humvee while on patrol in Iraq on October 15 , 2006 . He has 32 pins in his hip and a 6-inch screw holding his pelvis together . Joshua Bleill , pictured here with his girlfriend , is walking again with the aid of prosthetics outfitted with Bluetooth . Now , he 's starting to walk again with the help of prosthetic legs outfitted with Bluetooth technology more commonly associated with hands-free cell phones . "  They 're the latest and greatest , " Bleill said , referring to his groundbreaking artificial legs . Bleill , 30 , is one of two Iraq war veterans , both double leg amputees , to use the Bluetooth prosthetics . Computer chips in each leg send signals to motors in the artificial joints so the knees and ankles move in a coordinated fashion . Bleill 's set of prosthetics have Bluetooth receivers strapped to the ankle area . The Bluetooth device on each leg tells the other leg what it 's doing , how it 's moving , whether walking , standing or climbing steps , for example . "  They mimic each other , so for stride length , for amount of force coming up , going uphill , downhill and such , they can vary speed and then to stop them again , " Bleill told CNN from Walter Reed Army Medical Center , where he 's undergoing rehab . "  I will put resistance with my own thigh muscles to slow them down , so I can stop walking , which is always nice . " Watch Bleill demonstrate his legs " Bluetooth is the name for short-range wireless technology that can connect computers to printers , MP3 players to speakers and -- perhaps the most well-known use -- cell phones to ear pieces . Older models of computer-controlled legs have to be "  programmed " via wire by laptop computers before the amputee can use them . Those legs required more movement from the amputee 's remaining thigh muscle to generate motion in the prosthetic leg . Because of built-in motors , the Bluetooth legs allow Bleill to walk longer before he tires . "  We 've compared walking several laps in both sets of legs and one , your legs come out burning and tired and these , you know , you sometimes are not even breaking a sweat yet . " Bleill says the technology also means he spends less time in a wheelchair . The Marine uses canes to walk with them . He 's hoping to get to the point where he can use one cane regularly , and eventually lose the cane altogether . "  I can walk without canes , but it 's not real pretty , " he said . This new generation of prosthetic technology was originally conceived to help amputees who had lost only one leg . But it 's working for Bleill and Army Lt.Col . Gregory Gadson , who is also using the Bluetooth devices in his legs . What they are experiencing will help future amputees . "  We are the first ever to try this , so it 's learning day-to-day . The -LSB- prosthetics -RSB- company comes down on a regular basis and checks in with us , " Bleill said . Gadson , a former linebacker at West Point , said they are breaking new ground for amputees . "  I think we are kind of pioneering and hopefully blazing a trail for others to try the technology also , " he said . But the technology is not without some problems . "  It 's only going to react to how I move , " Bleill said . "  Unfortunately , sometimes I do n't know those reactions , I do n't know what I 'm doing to make it react . So sometimes the leg kicks harder than I want it to , or farther , and then I start perpetuating , and I start moving faster than I really want to . " Aside from the Bluetooth technology , Bleill 's legs have one other thing in common with a cell phone . They need to be charged overnight . Currently , there are no spare batteries available . What are his long-range plans ? He just wants to make it back to his home state of Indiana and work for a charity or even help the NFL 's Indianapolis Colts . "  They do a lot for the community , " he said . He added he simply wants "  to give back . " "  To , you know , just carry on a normal life . Go home , see my girlfriend , see my family . " E-mail to a friend	2 wounded Iraq veterans are using prosthetics outfitted with Bluetooth Their artificial legs communicate via Bluetooth to coordinate movements Both vets are testing the legs for what could become more widespread use
A Florida judge Friday sentenced Michael Dunn to life in prison without parole for the 2012 shooting death of 17-year-old Jordan Davis . The sentence , imposed nearly two years after Dunn shot and killed Davis during an argument over loud music , also carries an additional 90 years for three convictions of attempted murder and firing a weapon into a vehicle . "  This case demonstrates that our justice system does work , " Duval County Judge Russell Healey said moments before sentencing Dunn . Dunn , 47 , who is white , was convicted of first-degree murder this month for shooting into an SUV full of African-American teenagers at a Jacksonville , Florida , gas station after an argument over loud music from the teens ' vehicle . Prosecutors did not seek the death penalty in the racially-charged case , which drew comparisons to the shooting death of unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin by neighborhood watchman George Zimmerman . Zimmerman , who maintained that he acted in self-defense , was acquitted last year by a Florida jury . Dunn claimed he acted in self-defense because he believed Davis was reaching for a gun . No weapon was found . "  Mr. Dunn , your life is effectively over , " Healey said . "  What is sad ... is that this case exemplifies that our society seems to have lost its way . " Dunn , wearing an orange jumpsuit , showed no emotion . Healey said Florida 's controversial "  stand your ground " law was widely misunderstood . "  We should remember there is nothing wrong with retreating and deescalating the situation , " the judge said . Outside court , Davis ' father , Ron Davis , said the judge sent a strong message . "  We may have in this state ` stand your ground ' laws but that does n't allow you as a citizen , when you have a chance to diffuse a situation , for you to be so aggressive , " he told CNN by phone on Friday . "  It 's basically saying to people , stop with the shoot first . " In a brief statement before sentencing , Dunn for the first time apologized to Davis ' family . "  I want the Davis family to know I truly regret what happened , " he said . "  I 'm sorry for their loss . If I could roll back time and do things differently , I would . " He feared for his life , he said . "  I did what I thought I had to do , " Dunn said . "  Still , I am mortified I took a life , whether it was justified or not . " Davis ' parents , Davis and Lucia McBath , made emotional statements at the hearing , which was attended by some of the jurors who convicted Dunn . Juror : ` Race was never a factor ' In tears , McBath remembered her son . She said she forgave Dunn . "  I miss his big , wide , toothy smile , " she said . "  For me , there will be no college graduation . There will be no daughter-in-law . For me , there will be no future generation . " She added , "  I too must be willing to forgive . And so I choose to forgive you Mr. Dunn for taking my son 's life . I pray that God has mercy on your soul . " Davis said he life was changed forever . "  My life as I had known it was shattered on November 23 , 2012 , " he told the court . "  I now call it Black Friday for a completely different reason . After the longest hour of my life , the hospital confirmed that Jordan Russell Davis was deceased in the emergency room . ... The old Ron Davis died that night with Jordan . " Davis called Dunn 's apology "  paper thin . " "  You can tell the defense attorney wrote that for him , " he told CNN . "  It was not heartfelt . There was n't a tear in his eyes , no tremble in his voice . He had no remorse whatsoever . " Unlike McBath , Davis has n't forgiven his son 's killer . "  For me to forgive you , you have to have remorse , " he said . "  I leave it to God to forgive him . I pray that God does forgive him . " Juror : ' I believed he was guilty ' Dunn 's family did not address the court . Dunn has said he shot at the vehicle because he thought Davis had a weapon and feared for his life , but the prosecution said Dunn was the aggressor and pointed out that he kept firing even after the teens fled . Three of the 10 shots that Dunn fired struck Davis , one of them cutting through his liver , a lung and his aorta . Investigators say Davis never had a weapon , nor was one found in the teens ' SUV or in the area . A jury found Dunn guilty of four charges in February , commanding at least 60 years in prison , but the jury was hung on the murder charge related to Davis ' November 2012 death . Dunn was convicted in February on one count of shooting into a vehicle and three counts of attempted second-degree murder -- one each for Davis ' friends , Leland Brunson , Tommie Stornes and Tevin Thompson , who were in the Dodge Durango with Davis . After shooting Davis , prosecutors said , Dunn did not call police . He returned to his hotel , ordered pizza , walked his dog and went to sleep .	Michael Dunn is sentenced to life in prison without parole He was convicted for the 2012 shooting death of 17-year-old Jordan Davis Death happened during an argument over loud music Judge Russell Healey : "  Mr. Dunn , your life is effectively over "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A lost interview of Martin Luther King Jr. recorded more than five decades ago , but recently found in a Tennessee attic , will soon be heard in the last room where the civil rights leader slept . Illusionist David Copperfield purchased the reel-to-reel tape Wednesday and will donate it to the National Civil Rights Museum , which is housed in the Lorraine Motel . King was shot to death standing on a balcony of the Memphis , Tennessee , motel on April 4 , 1968 . "  It gave me chills , " Copperfield told CNN Wednesday in a phone interview , explaining why he bought the tape for an undisclosed amount . It was striking because the recording revealed King in a relaxed mood , Copperfield said . "  We 've heard Dr. King talk about peaceful change in the public forum , but this is an audio tape of him talking conversationally , " he said . "  I 'm certainly no expert , but it 's the first time I 've ever heard him in that context and I was very moved by it . " Copperfield said he wanted to give the recording to the museum because it "  is just the right thing to do . " "  He 's certainly one of the great inspirational figures in history , " Copperfield said . "  So much of what I do , in my own little way , is making people dream , transporting them , making them think differently . That 's what magic does . His dream was far greater than any entertainer can provide . " Keya Morgan , a collector and expert on rare historical artifacts , authenticated the reel and appraised it at $ 100,000 last month . "  When I heard it , I got goose bumps all over , " Morgan said , "  It feels like he 's sitting in your living room and talking to you . " The museum will put the recording on exhibit in the motel room where King stayed his last nights in Memphis , Morgan said . Barbara Andrews , the museum 's director of education and interpretation , confirmed the donation and said museum officials "  look forward to its receipt and sharing it with our  150,000  - plus visitors . " "  We are extremely grateful for the generosity and high regard Mr. Copperfield holds for the National Civil Rights Museum , " Andrews told CNN . Morgan arranged the sale by Stephon Tull , who found it in a dusty old attic in Chattanooga , Tennessee , while rummaging through dilapidated boxes left there by his father many years before . In one of the battered boxes was an audio reel marked , "  Dr. King interview , Dec. 21 , 1960 . " Tull realized it was his father interviewing King about nonviolence and the civil rights movement . Tull 's father had grown up in Tennessee during the years of racial tension , oppression , and the so-called "  Jim Crow " segregation laws . "  He planned on writing a book on how bad things were back in that era , " said Tull , but his father never finished the book . "  He fell ill , and is now in hospice care . " Tull 's father 's recorded his conversation with King three years before the civil rights leader delivered his famous "  I Have a Dream " speech in Washington , four years before President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act into law and eight years before King was assassinated in Memphis , across the state from where Tull 's father lived . In the interview , King can clearly be heard discussing his definition of nonviolence , and its importance in the civil rights movement . "  I would ... say that it is a method which seeks to secure a moral end through moral means , " he said , "  and it grows out of the whole concept of love , because if one is truly nonviolent that person has a loving spirit , he refuses to inflict injury upon the opponent because he loves the opponent . " King continued , "  I am convinced that when the history books are written in future years , historians will have to record this movement as one of the greatest epics of our heritage , " he said . "  It represents struggle on the highest level of dignity and discipline . " The Rev. Joseph Lowery , one of the founders of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference with King in 1957 , said the tapes are a reminder of the work King started that is not finished . "  One of the things that occurred back then , we effectively communicated that nonviolence as a tactic , as a technique , was very effective for civil rights protests , " said Lowery . "  What we failed to do was express it 's not just a tactic , but a way of life . " Lowery went on , "  We 're losing the battle of violence versus nonviolence as a means of resolving human conflict , " he said , "  I hope Dr. King 's message , wherever it shows up will help us in the struggle . " In another part of Tull 's recording , King describes a recent trip to Africa . He explains to Tull 's father the importance of the civil rights movement both in the United States and abroad . "  There is quite a bit of interest and concern in Africa for the situation in the United States . African leaders in general , and African people in particular are greatly concerned about the struggle here and familiar with what has taken place , " he said , "  We must solve this problem of racial injustice if we expect to maintain our leadership in the world , and if we expect to maintain a moral voice in a world that is two thirds color . " The recording is intriguing to Clayborne Carson , a professor of history and founding director of the Martin Luther King , Jr. , Research and Education Institute at Stanford University . "  It 's hard to know what we 're dealing with , " he said , "  There are thousands of interviews with Dr. King , and it 's hard to tell the historical significance of this  one  . " "  What is interesting about this is rather than just a transcript , you can hear his voice , " he added . In 1985 , King 's widow , the late Coretta Scott King , invited Carson to direct a long-term project to edit and publish the civil rights leader 's works . Based on the dates , Carson believes the African trip King mentioned in the recording was his trip to Nigeria . This is what Carson and his colleagues are most interested in . "  The trip to Nigeria is something we do n't have a lot of information about , " he said , "  In Nigeria he did n't do press conferences , did n't do interviews or write letters we know of . " CNN 's Joe Sutton and Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Illusionist David Copperfield will donate the tape to the National Civil Rights Museum "  It gave me chills , " Copperfield says It was striking because the recording revealed King in a relaxed mode , Copperfield says Stephon Tull found the reel-to-reel tape in a dusty old attic in Chattanooga , Tennessee
In the weeks before every Valentine 's Day , Rosie Maizuss wields enormous power , like a modern-day Cupid able to influence millions of romances -- depending on whether she detects just the slightest thing amiss . Maizuss is a federal inspector lording over the arrival of millions of roses and other flowers from Mexico and elsewhere in Latin America , intended for delivery to couples in the United States . Her job is monumental : she and other U.S. Customs and Border Protection inspectors are now in one of their two busiest season of year -- Mother 's Day is the other one -- at the U.S.-Mexico border near San Diego . In the span of six weeks , she and her crew will have sniffed , touched , reviewed and inspected shipments of cut stem flowers whose final count is expected to total more 19 million by Valentine 's Day on Friday . "  We know that we are going to have an influx of fresh flowers , but we have a special operation to focus on more inspection " during the holiday madness , Maizuss said . As dizzying as that number is , the U.S.-Mexico border crossing at Otay Mesa , California , is hardly the nation 's busiest port for Valentine floral inspections . That title goes to Miami , where during last year 's Valentine season , officials processed a whopping 738.2 million cut flower stems shipped in from Colombia , Ecuador , Mexico and elsewhere . Otay Mesa ranked No. 3 among the nation 's busiest ports in processing Valentine flowers last year and No. 6 for finding plant pests in shipments . A total of 59 little critters were found last year . For anyone who enjoys expressions of the heart , the Otay Mesa crossing is a snapshot -- or a metaphor for Cupid 's arrow in flight ? -- of how the delivery of Valentine Day 's roses can be a long and difficult journey . It 's not unlike , well , true love itself . What makes Maizuss ' job so important is that she must keep the bad flowers from possibly causing catastrophic damage to American soil . To do so , she and her colleagues ensure the flowers are free of disease , insects and microscopic pests that , if they found their way on U.S. land , could wipe out swaths of American agricultural and floral industries . "  What we do is we take a random sample out of each variety of flowers , and we do our inspection in either in an edit bay inside , or out on the dock , " Maizuss explained at the border crossing , where motorist traffic is routinely backed up for an hour or more . "  What we are looking for is any variety of pest , " she added . "  The ones that are reportable are the ones we already have here in the States , and the ones that are actionable are the ones that we actually do n't want in the States at all , because they are invasive , because they are a big problem for the U.S. "  Cut flowers is a huge industry , and it 's very important we protect it all the time , " said Maizuss , who 's chief agriculture specialist . Last year , inspectors found a total of 1,715 pests in Valentine flowers at all ports of entry , federal figures shows . The most common insects intercepted were aphids , thrips , moths , miner flies and mites . Such vigilance can mean headaches for the truckers who waited in standstill traffic at the busy U.S.-Mexico border -- only to be forced to turn around if they do n't pass Maizuss ' inspection . "  I remember a few times they had sent me back , " trucker Samuel Serrano said . That meant he had to return to Maneadero , Mexico , near Ensenada , where he unloaded the flowers and had them fumigated to kill the bugs , he said . He eventually passed U.S. inspection on a subsequent trip across the border , he said . It 's a necessary protection that Mexican truckers such as Jesus Sanchez Lopez understand -- though they feel the deadline pressure from U.S. markets to deliver the roses , dianthus , sunflowers and larkspur by February 14 . "  When our flowers are not clean , they send us back to Mexico , and we have to clean them , take them down from the truck , and then come back , " said Sanchez , who has endured such failure to pass inspection several times . Some rejections have resulted in a total loss for that shipment , he said . Sanchez also delivers flowers from Ensenada , located about 70 miles from the U.S.-Mexico border . "  When that happens we lose money , time , and it 's a huge problem because we have to go back and ca n't deliver the flowers , " he added . "  You really do n't know until you get here and they tell you that some of your flowers are infested . " Despite such setbacks , the demand for love remains insatiable , the truckers say . "  The last two weeks have been very busy because of the celebration of Valentine 's Day , " Serrano said .	Rosie Maizuss and crew review 19 million Valentine flowers at U.S.-Mexico border Valentine 's Day and Mother 's Day are their busiest season for floral inspections Mexican truckers lament when inspectors find bugs and pests in floral deliveries "  Cut flowers is a huge industry , and it 's very important we protect it , " Maizuss says
CNN  -- Silhouettes , vintage oil portraits , one-of-a-kind finds , bird imagery , lots and lots of patina -- sounds like a "  Country Living " cover of flea market finds and Etsy artwork , right ? It absolutely is , said Sara Morrow , the features director for the magazine -- but it 's also the modern way to decorate for Halloween . "  That elegant look , with , like , a slightly creepy factor , " she said , is dramatic -- maybe a little more than plastic spiders and faux-cobwebs . "  The cabinet of curiosities , the ravens , the silhouettes , " she said , "  even without Halloween , I feel like that Victorian look has become a huge trend in decorating , almost year-round . " "  You might hang a bunch of these oil portraits on a gallery wall in your home . You do n't know who they are , you do n't have any connection with them , but they 're this window to what came before , " she said . "  And some of those portraits can be downright creepy , too . " Halloween provides adventurous decorators with the perfect opportunity to tinker with trends . Halloween decorations like raven figurines , candelabras , Edwardian-portrait zombie holograms or even feathered wreaths are part of the larger movement toward decorative items that feel more genuine , more authentic , more personal , she said . "  A lot of shops , like Michael 's and Target , are selling products , especially holiday decor , that hark back to the early 1900s , " Morrow said . "  People want to feel connected to the past that way . " Eschewing creepy green witch hands in candy bowls or gigantic plastic skeletons for something elegant and glitter-free does n't necessarily mean Halloween decor has lost it 's scream factor , Morrow said . The holiday has simply grown up a bit , and donned a more classic look . "  Halloween has always been a huge holiday for us at Country Living , " she said , "  but it seems over the years it 's become more of an adult holiday than it ever has before . People are n't just looking for cutesy , cartoon decorations and costumes . " So what is hot these days ? Skulls of any sort , Morrow said , birds -- the creepier the better -- bat silhouettes , wreaths and black lace . Even the humble , snaggle-toothed jack-o ' - lantern is getting a makeover . "  It 's amazing the things you can do with pumpkins when you think beyond carving , " Morrow said . "  In the past couple of years for Halloween , we 've explored all sorts of different no-carve ideas . We 're huge fans of painting pumpkins . " "  We 've done everything from painting a pumpkin a really beautiful sagey-green fall color and using a stencil to paint your door number on the pumpkin and putting it on your porch , " she said , to decoupaging pumpkins with fall leaves . So how can you add your own twist to Halloween ? Here are other lessons from this week 's Open House contributors : Make it fun for kids and adults "  We love Halloween around our house because , for us , it 's the official kick-off to the holiday season . Having said that , however , we have four tiny granddaughters , so all of our decorations are little-kid-friendly ! My porch decorations  as well as the owl party favors  center around cute Halloween friends and my favorite fall elements : Pumpkins , hay bails and mums ! " -- Robin Gay "  I balanced the kids ' requests for spooky Halloween decor with my desire to keep things sophisticated . " -- Sarah Macklem "  I chose the  styrofoam  pumpkins because they last longer . With styrofoam pumpkins , you can decorate early and use the decor year after year ... as a mom on a budget , I definitely love that . " -- Jessica Kielman Tell a spooky story "  My favorite piece  s  are the skull photos since they are from our vacation . My son loved visiting the ossuary on the outside of Prague and he is thrilled that they hang in our dining room for Halloween . " -- Julia Konya "  I looked at the vintage typewriter , the table and old door and thought to myself , ` There are many holiday stories that can be told with these three pieces . ' For Halloween , why not honor the great writer , Edgar Allen Poe ? After that I began reading  "  The Raven "  . The object was to place the reader inside the poem ... the raven rapping at the window , the narrator lamenting over his lost love , Lenore , all while trying to preoccupy himself with a book of forgotten lore . " -- Melinda Hartzog CNN 's Alicia Stewart contributed to this report . CNN intern Cydney Fisher produced this gallery .	Halloween decorations need not be only plastic spiders , pumpkins and witches Modern Halloween holiday decor includes elegant touches and Victorian inspiration iReporter : "  Halloween can be really fun , home-grown entertainment " For the next Open House assignment , show us how you decorate with orange .
CNN  -- It 's clear from the coverage of the nomination of former Sen. Chuck Hagel for the 24th secretary of defense that many of those opposing him do not know him personally , as I do . The facts speak for themselves : His record shows strong support for Israel . As a person who grew up in Israel and now as a rabbi in our home state of Nebraska for the past 25 years , I have found a great love in Chuck 's heart for the Israeli people and their desire to live in peace and security . In numerous encounters , I was enthralled with the depth of his knowledge , the strength of his convictions , the integrity of his character and the honesty in his search for peace . Take the matter of recent accusations against him , which say that as president of the United Services Organization in the late 1980s , Chuck went on a crusade to close a USO post in the Israeli port city of Haifa . An organization most associated with Bob Hope , the USO is a private , nonprofit whose mission is to support American troops by providing morale , welfare and recreation-type services . Chuck 's tenure there is remembered for turning around a financially troubled organization and bringing it back to fiscal health in the lead up to Operation Desert Storm . When Atlantic magazine recently conducted an investigative report , both the longtime director of the USO mission in Haifa and a former commander in chief of the Israeli Navy came to his defense . Reversing the fortunes of a near-bankrupt organization requires making tough choices , and there may have been some logic in closing that outpost , but in this case , the Haifa operation was kept open and 10 other operations were closed in the Mediterranean . In fact , it was not until 2002 , near the end of Chuck 's first term in the U.S. Senate , that the USO 's Haifa office was closed . Ari Fleischer : Hagel is wrong on why U.S. supports Israel Others have pointed out that as a U.S. senator , he opposed sanctions against Iran , an example frequently used to show that he was not being supportive of Israel . Iran has been on my mind for a long time . The danger is clear for the security of Israel and the entire Middle East . But I know Chuck 's preference is for multilateral sanctions over unilateral sanctions , and what 's wrong with that ? Cuba is a prime example of decades of unilateral sanctions not working . Americans need only go to cities on or near the Canadian border such as Windsor , Niagara Falls and Vancouver to purchase the famed Cuban cigars . But when dealing with Iran , we do not have decades to wait the regime out . The danger is real . The consequences are overwhelming . Like Chuck , I would rather have the world powers behind a united effort to stop and reverse the nuclear ambitions of Iran 's leadership . I use these two examples to show that accusations against him of being anti-Semitic and not being supportive of Israel are groundless . As a student of world history in general and Jewish history in particular and as one who knows and abhors anti-Semitism , I think it cheapens the lives and the memories of my people when the label is attached and used on someone who may not share the same policy views as those opposing his nomination . It is despicable and revolting when name-calling becomes more important than the substance at hand . We , all children created in God 's image , need to be extremely careful in uttering words that hurt and make sure to introduce only words that heal . Indeed , a real friend of anyone , including Israel , is supposed to be frank and offer counsel , especially when there is so much at stake . Finally , American support for Israel is best when it is bipartisan , as it has been historically . Recent efforts to smear Chuck get us further away from support for Israel being a bipartisan issue , and ultimately that hurts the long-term security of the state of Israel . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rabbi Aryeh Azriel .	Chuck Hagel 's nomination has been criticized on issue of support for Israel Nebraska Rabbi Aryeh Azriel says he 's long seen Hagel 's backing for Israel He says critics of Hagel are grasping at straws to question his views Azriel : Critics are wrong to hurl charges of anti-Semitism against Hagel
CNN  As tourists stroll between Yellowstone 's 300 active geysers , taking selfies in front of thousands of bubbling , boiling mud pots and hissing steam vents , they are treading on one of the planet 's greatest time bombs . The park is a supervolcano so enormous , it has puzzled geophysicists for decades , but now a research group , using seismic technology to scan its depths , have made a bombshell discovery . Yellowstone 's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought , say scientists from the University of Utah . Underneath the national park 's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the Grand Canyon nearly 14 times over . Most of it is in a newly discovered magma reservoir , which the scientists featured in a study published on Thursday in the journal Science . It may help scientists better understand why Yellowstone 's previous eruptions , in prehistoric times , were some of Earth 's largest explosions in the last few million years . The Utah scientists also created the first three-dimensional depiction of the geothermal structure under Yellowstone , which comprises three parts . Yellowstone 's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath Earth 's surface -- and may come from its molten core . It is responsible for fueling the newly discovered reservoir that lies on top of it . The magma chamber , which scientists already knew about , lies on top of the reservoir -- and draws magma from it . It is a three to nine miles under the surface of the Earth and is what fuels the geysers , steaming puddles and other hot attractions . It alone has a volume 2.5 times that of the Grand Canyon . But those great magma expanses do not mean that the two hellish hollows could overflow the Grand Canyon with molten rock . The overwhelming bulk of their magma cavities comprise scorching -- yet solid -- rock , which is hollow , like sponges , and filled with pockets of liquefied rock . Also , the discovery does n't mean that there is now more magma than there was before , the scientists say . And they are no signs of an imminent eruption . "  The actual hazard is the same , but now we have a much better understanding of the complete crustal magma system , " said researcher Robert B. Smith . An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely , the USGS says . The Utah scientists put the yearly chance at 1 in 700,000 -- about the odds that you will be struck by lightning . But when it does blow , it probably will change the world . Compared to Yellowstone 's past , Mount St. Helens was a picnic , when it covered Washington state with an ash bed about the size of Lake Michigan in 1980 . Mount Pinatubo , which exploded in the Philippines in 1991 , does n't begin to scratch the surface of Yellowstone 's roar . Nor did Krakatoa in 1883 , which killed thousands , and the final explosion of which reportedly ruptured the eardrums of people 40 miles away . To understand the consequences of Yellowstone 's previous eruptions , open the history books to 1815 , when Mount Tambora blew many cubic miles of debris skyward and killed about 10,000 inhabitants of Indonesia in an instant , according to a report in Smithsonian Magazine . Its dust may have blocked sunlight around the world , chilling the air and dropping the Earth 's climate into a frigid phase that garnered the year 1816 the "  year without a summer , " some climatologists believe . It may have led to frosty crop failures in Europe and North America . Tambora blew 36 cubic miles of debris into the sky . Yellowstone has dwarfed that at least three times , the USGS says . The explosions have left deep scars , and park goers often become familiar with one -- the Yellowstone Caldera , which takes up much of the park and is lined by a roundish mountainous ridge . The caldera is a volcanic crater some 40 - by 25-miles large , left behind when 240 cubic miles of debris ruptured out of the Earth and into the air during volcanic discharge some 630,000 years ago , USGS says . Lava flowed into the breach , filling it , which may account for the lack of a deeper crater . Long before that , 2 million years ago , volcanic activity blew 600 cubic miles of Yellowstone debris into the air . Those were the two largest eruptions in North America in a few million years , the USGS said , and they each buried in ash more than a third of what is now the continental U.S. "  If another large caldera-forming eruption were to occur at Yellowstone , its effects would be worldwide , " the USGS says . It would drastically shift the world 's climate . So , it 's no wonder scientists have cast an eye on Yellowstone for a while . The Utah researchers gave the Yellowstone 's magma bowels a sort of CT scan , said lead researcher Hsin-Hua Huang . Volcanic activity triggers 2,000 to 3,000 small earthquakes per year , and the shake and shock waves travel at different speeds through molten , hot and other rock . It allowed them to develop a detailed model of the seething expanse beneath Yellowstone that makes it what it is . Here are the upper magma chamber and lower magma reservoir by the numbers . The upper chamber , which caused the historic blasts and is closest to the surface , is 2,500 cubic miles in volume and measures about 19 by 55 miles . The lower reservoir , which has a volume of 11,200 cubic miles , measures about 30 by 44 miles and is about 16 miles thick . Even if the next explosion is many thousands of years away , Yellowstone 's cavernous heat tanks poke up an occasionally surprise . The last lava flow was some 70,000 years ago , USGS says . But more recently in 2003 , ground temperatures rose high enough to dry out geysers and boil the sap in some trees . A few inches under the surface , thermometers recorded a temperature of 200 degrees Fahrenheit -- nearly hot enough to boil water . So , national park authorities closed Yellowstone to keep people from burning their feet -- or basting their tires on melting roads . Calbuco volcano erupts for first time in more than 40 years University of Utah seismologists discover magma reservoir under Yellowstone from The University of Utah on Vimeo .	Scientist measured the thousands of small earthquakes in Yellowstone to scan the earth underneath it They discovered a vast magma reservoir fueling a vast one scientists already knew about Prehistoric eruptions of Yellowstone supervolcano were some of Earth 's largest explosions
CNN  -- Two U.S. Air Force officers who died in a crash in Laos in 1969 were laid to rest Monday at Arlington National Cemetery and honored with a final flyover -- but not one provided by the U.S. military . Citing budget concerns , the Air Force denied a request to honor the fallen service members with a military flyover . That prompted a private air squadron to step in . "  Unfortunately , the government has n't been able to supply flyovers for these gentlemen that have served and gave up the greatest sacrifice they could , so all of us have decided to go ahead and fulfill the mission , " said Calvin Peacock , a volunteer with nonprofit group Warrior Aviation . Maj. James Sizemore of Lawrenceville , Illinois , and Maj. Howard Andre Jr. of Memphis , Tennessee , were shot down in their A-26A Invader aircraft during a reconnaissance mission over Laos during the Vietnam War , according to the Defense Department . The pilots were considered killed in action . The crash site was discovered in 1993 , but the pilots ' remains were not discovered until April . Military scientists then matched the remains with the dental records of Sizemore , solving the 44-year-old mystery and bringing closure to the families . A flyover is a military ceremonial ritual reserved for the most esteemed of fallen service members . The Department of Defense refused a military flyover for Sizemore and Andre because of the forced budget cuts known as sequestration . The private squadron consisted of a B-25 , two P-51s , four L-39 jets and an A-26 Invader , the same type of plane Sizemore and Andre flew . The Warrior Aviation organization is comprised of volunteers , most of whom are veterans . "  People like myself , the Vietnam generation , we know what sacrifice these guys made . It was a true honor to be a part of the group that is allowed to do this . When they asked me to do this , I said , ` Absolutely , it would be a honor , ' " said Warrior Aviation volunteer Larry Kelly . The Defense Department records indicate that more than 1,640 American military personnel are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam War . Civil War sailors laid to rest 150 years later A war hero returns home , 40 years later CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	James Sizemore and Howard Andre Jr. were shot down over Laos in 1969 The remains of the majors were n't discovered until April The nonprofit Warrior Aviation provided the private flyover at Arlington
CNN  -- North Korean leader Kim Jong Un told his troops to be vigilant during upcoming training exercises between South Korea and the United States , saying they should be ready to lead a "  sacred war , " state media reported Saturday . Kim 's comments came during a visit on Mu Island with troops who participated in the 2010 shelling of South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island , an attack that North Korea at the time said South Korea provoked by holding war games off their shared coast . "  He ordered the service persons of the detachment to be vigilant against every move of the enemy and not to miss their gold chance to deal at once deadly counter blows at the enemy , if even a single shell is dropped on the waters or in the area where the sovereignty of  North Korea  is exercised , " the state-run KCNA news agency reported . The warning followed an announcement by the United States and South Korea that their joint "  Ulchi Freedom Guardian " training exercises would begin Monday and conclude by August 31 . North Korea was informed of the dates of the exercises by the U.N. armistice commission . In June : North Korea slams use of its flag in U.S.-South Korea military drills The Neutral Nations Supervisory Commission , which was established by the Korean Armistice Agreement that brought about an end to the Korean War , will supervise the exercise , South Korea and the United States military said in a joint statement . The commission includes representatives from Switzerland , China and other nations selected by the United Nations . Washington and Pyongyang have no diplomatic relations . North and South Korea have no formal ties and remain technically in a state of war since a 1953 truce that ended the Korean War . During the visit with troops , Kim observed Yeonpyeong Island "  clearly visible from the post , " KCNA reported . The Yeonpyeong attack in November 2010 was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea by North Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ending the fighting . Two civilians and two South Korean marines died in the attack , which South Korea 's government at the time called a "  definite military provocation " by North Korea . South Korea arrest activist after he visits North Korea The sparsely populated Yeonpyeong is located just south of the Northern Limit Line , the line drawn in 1953 by the United Nations at the end of the Korean War . The United Nations drew the line three nautical miles from the North Korean coast and put five islands close to the coast under South Korean control . That was supposed to be a temporary arrangement . But in the absence of a full peace agreement , the Northern Limit Line remains in place . North Korea has been virtually isolated from the world by international sanctions over its development of a nuclear program . North Korea threatens ` special actions ' to take out South Korean government CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Kim Jong Un visited troops who participated in the shelling of Yeonpyeong , state media reports Kim told his troops to be vigilant during upcoming U.S.-South Korean war games The United States and South Korea are set to begin training exercises on Monday
CNN  -- Police and fire officials in San Jose , California , are asking for the public 's help to find the person responsible for setting roughly a dozen fires in the downtown area . Multiple fires were lit over several nights last week between 2 a.m. and 6 a.m. , according to San Jose police , which released a statement and sketch of the suspect . No one was reported injured . "  These fires were very serious in nature and had the potential to cause serious injury or loss of life to both residents and firefighters , " the statement read . Of the 10 fires set last week , five had residents inside when the blazes began , said Fire Capt. Christopher Murphy . Most were started on the outsides of the structures , which were downtown or south of downtown . Some structures were destroyed while others suffered minor to moderate damage . Eight of the 10 fires were set intentionally , while two remain under investigation , Murphy said . Firefighters responded Sunday to three more suspicious fires , which may have been set by the same suspected arsonist , CNN affiliate KGO reported . "  We want to make sure people clear out anything that 's flammable from their front yards , and we want to make sure everybody sees the sketch of the suspect , " said San Jose Councilmember Sam Liccardo , according to KGO . "  And we want to make sure that everyone who needs a fire alarm or batteries can get a fire alarm or batteries . We can supply it . " A $ 10,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or people responsible for the fires . In December : 550-acre fire in California 's Big Sur even burns fire chief 's home CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	About a dozen fires have been set in the downtown area of San Jose Police release a sketch of the suspect No one has been reported injured in the fires
CNN  -- The often scathing critic Simon Cowell called Susan Boyle -- the breakout singing sensation from "  Britain 's Got Talent " -- a "  little tiger . " Judge Piers Morgan admits that he expected Susan Boyle 's audition to be a joke before she began singing . On CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " she showed she 's no one-trick pony . During a taping of the show Friday , she nailed a verse of Celine Dion 's "  My Heart Will Go On " after King asked her to sing . "  Amazing . That was just absolutely stunning , " said "  Britain 's Got Talent " judge Piers Morgan , who was also a guest . "  To sing that with no musical backing is unbelievable . You have the voice of an angel , Susan . " The 47-year-old Boyle 's frumpy attire and awkward mannerisms drew snickers and eye-rolling from her audience before she belted out a pitch-perfect number from "  Les Miserables " at an audition for the talent contest , making her an overnight sensation . Watch Boyle sing on Larry King " An unemployed charity worker who lives alone with her cat in Scotland , Boyle has inspired millions with a performance that flies in the face of pop music 's penchant for pre-processed princesses . A clip of her audition had more than 19 million views on YouTube by Friday evening . Boyle , who did a repeat performance of "  I Dreamed a Dream " via satellite on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " Thursday night , told King she was aware of the snickers her appearance prompted at the audition . "  That does n't bother me because I knew I had to get on with my act ... , " said Boyle , again speaking by satellite . "  I was n't sure how I would be received , so I just thought I 'd give it a whirl . " Watch Larry King interview Susan Boyle " Morgan , too , acknowledged the laughter , including his own . "  I sort of feel like apologizing to Susan , " he said . "  I 'm sorry , because we did not give you anything like the respect we should have done when you first came out . " He said the judges had been through a long day with "  lots of terrible auditions . " "  And then you came out and we thought you were going to be a bit of a joke act , to be honest with you , " he said . "  And then I can remember ... that second when you had begun to sing , and I had never heard a more surprising , extraordinary voice coming out of somebody so unexpected . " To win the show , which would give her the chance to sing in front of Queen Elizabeth II , Boyle must survive a live semifinal next month and then a final performance if she gets through that . Watch how things have changed in Boyle 's hometown " "  She 's the most odds-on favorite ever on ` Britain 's Got Talent ' at this stage of the competition , " Morgan said . "  But Susan knows there are two big hurdles left . Anything can happen in a live show . " There 's already been talk of a recording contract and world tours for Boyle . But she said she 's staying focused on the competition for now . She said she has no plans to get a makeover or alter her wardrobe -- "  Why should I ? Why should I change ? " -- but did predict one big lifestyle change . "  I wo n't be lonely , " she said . "  I certainly wo n't be lonely anymore . "	Susan Boyle sings Celine Dion 's "  My Heart Will Go On " for Larry King Asked if she 's considering a makeover , Boyle says "  Why should I change ? " "  Britain 's Got Talent " judge Piers Morgan apologizes for initial reactions Boyle says she predicts one big change : "  I certainly wo n't be lonely anymore "
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot returns to a Peruvian courtroom on Wednesday , five days after requesting more time to "  reflect " on what plea he will make in his murder trial . The 24-year-old Dutch national indicated on Friday that he was willing to make a "  confession " in the 2010 killing of Stephany Flores , but that he did "  not agree with the aggravating factors " as defined in the murder charge levied against him . Given this statement , the panel of three judges decided to give van der Sloot until Wednesday to make a final decision . There is no jury . This was the latest twist in a case that has made international headlines , in part because of the circumstances of the killing but also because van der Sloot was arrested twice , but never charged , in the 2005 disappearance of U.S. teenager Natalee Holloway . Police say van der Sloot killed Flores in his Lima hotel room in May 2010 , then took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested a few days later . Van der Sloot sues nation of Chile Hours before Friday 's court proceedings , his attorney said that van der Sloot would plead guilty to all charges related to Flores ' death . His apparent aim would have been to get a reduced sentence after making a "  sincere confession . " But after the session began , he voiced doubt about the charge , leading to the delay . On Wednesday , van der Sloot is expected to finally give his plea in the Lima courtroom . He is charged with "  qualified murder " and simple robbery in the killing of 21-year-old Flores . If it is not guilty , then the trial will resume before the all-female judicial panel . If he pleads guilty , the sentencing phase would begin . On Friday , prosecutors went over all the evidence and witnesses they had and gave a summation of the case against van der Sloot . The case of Holloway , who vanished in 2005 while on a graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba , is part of the Peru case as well . Holloway was last seen leaving a nightclub with van der Sloot and two other men . Van der Sloot was arrested twice but never charged in Holloway 's disappearance , which is still unsolved . His attorney , Luis Jimenez Navarro , pointed out last week that the fatal attack on Flores occurred exactly five years after the Alabama teenager went missing . It has been widely reported that van der Sloot killed the woman after he believed she saw something on the Internet relating to Holloway . "  He is a young man ... who has practically lived persecuted for a crime he says he did not commit ... or for a disappearance that he can not explain , " the lawyer said . "  Movies and books have been made ... At that age , and with other characteristics of his psychological profile , ... in that moment , he felt threatened and reacted in a brutal manner . " The victim 's family , including her father , Ricardo Flores , had pushed for stiffer charges and said that van der Sloot has n't looked "  remorseful " in court appearances . "  He had an indifferent and prideful attitude . He looks as if he has everything under control . He looks better than when he appeared on TV after he was arrested , " Ricardo Flores told CNN last year . If found guilty on all counts , van der Sloot could face a sentence of up to 30 years in prison . Besides the Flores murder trial , van der Sloot also faces possible extradition to the United States . In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges of wire fraud and extortion after allegations surfaced that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother , Beth . He was allegedly given a total of $ 25,000 , and authorities believe he used that money to travel to Peru and participate in a poker tournament , where he met Flores . InSession 's Jean Casarez and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Joran van der Sloot is charged with murdering a woman in a Lima hotel room Last week , his lawyer said van der Sloot would plead guilty and make a "  sincere confession " Instead , he voiced doubt about the charge and was granted more time to "  reflect " He is expected to make a decision Wednesday , which will determine what happens next
The man who smuggled a bomb in his underwear aboard a commercial airliner on Christmas Day in 2009 has been sentenced to life in prison , months after he pleaded guilty for his role in what officials later determined was an al Qaeda plot . U.S. District Judge Nancy Edmunds imposed a life sentence Thursday on Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , who entered the courtroom in Detroit wearing an oversized white T-shirt and a white skull cap . His hands were unshackled once he entered . He argued a life sentence would be "  cruel and unusual punishment , " as well as unconstitutional . The judge rejected the argument . Prosecutors brought a video showing the detonation of a replica of the device AbdulMutallab attempted to use . The judge ruled that the video could be shown during the sentencing hearing . In the sentencing report , prosecutors called now 25-year-old Nigerian "  an unrepentant would-be mass murderer , who views his crimes as divinely inspired and blessed . " AbdulMutallab previously pleaded not guilty to the eight charges against him , which include attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism . On December 25 , 2009 , passengers aboard a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam heard a loud noise on the plane as it descended toward Detroit . Witnesses described it as sounding much like a firecracker . The device failed , but AbdulMutallab became enveloped in a fireball that spread to the wall and carpeting of the plane . Meet al Qaeda 's chief bomb-maker Four passengers quickly restrained him and helped put out the fire , witnesses said , and he was escorted up to the first-class section of the plane and taken into custody by authorities when it landed . AbdulMutallab later acknowledged in a courtroom statement that he had traveled to Yemen and was "  greatly inspired " to participate in such a plot by U.S.-born militant cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who was killed by a U.S. drone strike in Yemen in September . U.S. officials later said the terror group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula had helped foment the failed attack . "  I carried with me an explosive device to avenge the killing of innocent Muslims , " AbdulMutallab said in the statement , adding that the failed plot was in retaliation for "  U.S. tyranny and oppression of Muslims . " The flight was carrying 289 people . The decision to try AbdulMutallab in a civilian court prompted controversy at the time , particularly among Republican lawmakers pushing for a military tribunal . He 's been held at a Michigan federal prison since 2009 . Prosecutors , however , said the case demonstrated the value of civilian courts . "  We should not limit ourselves to military tribunals , " said U.S. District Attorney Barbara McQuade . The case shows "  the world that our system of justice works . "	Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab is sentenced to life in prison AbdulMutallab argued a life sentence would be unconstitutional AbdulMutallab smuggled a bomb in his underwear aboard a commercial airliner The attempted bombing occurred on Christmas Day 2009
CNN  -- To explore a site inscribed on UNESCO 's World Heritage List is to see a place of outstanding universal value . And with more natural and cultural wonders added to the prestigious preservation list over the last few days , there are now more than 1,000 sites to visit all over the world . The UNESCO World Heritage Committee has been considering new sites at a meeting in Qatar since June 15 . New World Heritage Sites include the earthen remains of a Louisiana civilization dating back to 3700 B.C. , Myanmar 's Pyu ancient cities  Myanmar 's first-ever site  , and evidence of the end of the age of dinosaurs at the cliffs of Stevns Klint in Denmark . Trading routes that crossed modern borders across South America and Asia were also inscribed on the list . The Qhapac Nan , the Andean road system , runs through Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , Colombia , Ecuador and Peru . A 5,000-kilometer section of the Silk Roads known as the routes network of Chang ` an-Tianshan Corridor crosses through China , Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan . In addition to being of "  outstanding universal value , " an inscribed site must also meet at least one of 10 criteria such as "  representing a masterpiece of human creative genius , " containing "  exceptional natural beauty " or being an outstanding example of a traditional human settlement . Other new sites include the Okavango Delta  Botswana  ; the Grotte Chauvet-Pont d'Arc  France  ; Rani-ki-Vav  India  ; Caves of Maresha and Bet Guvrin in the Judean Lowlands  Israel  ; the vineyard landscape of Piedmont : Langhe-Roero and Monferrato  Italy  ; Namhansanseong emergency capital city  South Korea  ; and Saudi Arabia 's historic Jedda , the Gate to Makkah . UNESCO has been gradually adding to the World Heritage List since 1978 . Click on the gallery or go to whc.unesco.org/en/newproperties to learn more about other newly named sites . Sites in danger The West Bank village of Battir , a few miles outside Bethlehem , was named to the World Heritage List , and at the same time , it was added to another UNESCO list for sites in danger . The hills where Battir 's ancient terraces are located date back some 2,000 years to Roman times . Some of the terraces are irrigated for market garden production and others are planted with grapevines and olive trees . The landscape is in danger of being damaged by Israel 's plans to build a barrier through the area . The wall "  may isolate farmers from fields they have cultivated for centuries , " according to a UNESCO press statement . Australia gets time to keep Great Barrier Reef off endangered list In addition to Battir , the committee added two other sites to the List of World Heritage in Danger last week . One is Bolivia 's city of Potosi , which is threatened by mining operations . Tanzania 's Selous Game Reserve was added to the danger list because of widespread poaching that has caused a serious decline in the wildlife populations there , including a 90 % drop in the elephant and rhinoceros populations since 1982 . At the same time , Tanzania 's ruins of Kilwa Kisiwani and ruins of Songo Mnara were removed from the danger list due to improved management and safeguards . Getting on the list Nations sometimes spend years developing their pitches to qualify for the World Heritage List , and they must convince the UNESCO committee that they will protect their sites and support them financially . Explore Yellowstone and 11 more of the first World Heritage Sites The United States does n't have much sway over UNESCO decisions anymore . That 's because the U.S. government withdrew its dues and other financial contributions to UNESCO in 2011 after the agency admitted the Palestinian government as a full member representing a country . After failing to pay its dues for two years , the United States lost UNESCO voting rights in 2013 per the agency 's rules .	UNESCO has named new World Heritage Sites around the world The United States ' newest site is in Louisiana The landscape of the West Bank village of Battir was the first site named this year Botswana , Japan , Netherlands and South America also have new listings
CNN  -- The English Premier League 's man of the moment Gareth Bale kept Tottenham Hotspur 's Champions League hopes alive with a stunning late winner against his former club Southampon Saturday . The White Hart Lane faithful were fearing the worst and a disheartening goalless draw when Bale brushed aside Luke Shaw before crashing home an 86th minute winner from outside the penalty area . It was his 25th goal of the campaign -- topping off a week when he was named the Football Writers ' Association Player of the Year to go with his double success at the Professional Footballers ' Association awards . The value of the winning goal and the subsequent three points was highlighted when North London rivals Arsenal continued their fine late season run with a 1-0 win at already relegated Queens Park Rangers in the late kickoff . Theo Walcott scored the only goal of the match after just 21 seconds , the fastest in the EPL this season , to lift his team to third in the standings on 67 points after six wins in eight games . Chelsea , who are playing newly crowned champions Manchester United Sunday , trail by two points with two games in hand . Tottenham also have 65 points and have played one game less than Arsenal in a desperately tight battle for the top four qualification spots for the Champions League next season . At the bottom end of the table , perennial relegation escapees Wigan stepped up their bid to survive again with a dramatic 3-2 win at West Bromwich Albion . They twice trailed before Callum McManaman side footed the late winner after brilliant work by Shaun Maloney . Shane Long and Gareth McAuley had given WBA their leads , canceled out by strikes from Arouna Kone and substitute James McArthur , who netted with his first touch . McManaman grabbed the third in the 80th minute and Roberto Martinez 's men held on for a precious three points . The FA Cup finalists are just two points below fourth-bottom Sunderland , who host Stoke City Monday , and three points adrift of Newcastle United , who could only draw 0-0 at West Ham United . Norwich are also looking over their shoulders after Gabriel Agbonlahor completed a fine week for Aston Villa with a 2-1 away win at Carrow Road . Villa hammered Sunderland 6-1 earlier in the week and on 40 points look assured of another season in the English top flight . Elsewhere , deposed champion Manchester City were held to a 0-0 draw at Swansea City while already doomed Reading scored a fine 4-2 win at Fulham . On the final day of action in the second flight , Hull City secured a place in the Premier League for next season after drawing 2-2 at home to champions Cardiff City . Watford , Brighton and Hove Albion , Crystal Palace and Leicester City will contest the play-offs for the third promotion spot to the riches of the EPL .	Gareth Bale scores Tottenham 's late winner against Southampton Bale has won a host of awards for his EPL performances this season North London rivals Arsenal up to third after 1-0 win over QPR Wigan revive hopes of avoiding relegation with victory at WBA
CNN  About 150,000 years ago -- give or take 20,000 -- a guy fell into a well . Last month he made science history . The Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted by researchers . It took them more than 20 years to get around to doing it . Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993 , when spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the Lamalunga cave , deep under the town of Altamura . The cave explorers told researchers at the University of Bari what they 'd found , according to their report published in March in the Journal of Human Evolution and Phys.org . Altamura Man 's intact skull and jumbled pile of bones made for a great specimen , but they were wedged into a panoply of stalactites and stony globules deposited by water dripping over them for tens of thousands of years . Researchers decided not to rescue the bones for fear that trying to ease them out of the cave 's calcified grip would shatter them and ruin Altamura Man . So , they left him forever a cave man . Calcite pebbles line the Neanderthal 's eye sockets , nose bone and an upper jaw like a hundred decorative piercings . Analysis of the calcite has shown the bones to be 128,000 to 187,000 years old . Scientists believe Altamura Man wound up in the cave at least that long ago after falling into a prehistoric well , then died in the caverns at its bottom of thirst or hunger . Recently , researchers made an exception , and toted off a chip from his right shoulder blade to the lab . Metrics taken of his skeleton confirm Altamura Man was a Homo neanderthalensis . He will spend perhaps endless eons glaring silently out of his cranny in the world 's most secluded spot , or , as Altamura 's archeological museum describes it , "  in the corner of a small cavity situated between the ground and the back wall . " The scientists hope they will be able to sequence his DNA , to find out more about the evolution of all hominids -- including us . And to hear some of Altamura Man 's story about life in Neanderthals ' early days in Europe , before he happened to stumble into that darned hole .	Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993 Researchers worried that rescuing the bones would shatter them
RS.com  -- Mitch Hurwitz has good news for "  Arrested Development " fans . "  I 'm working on the movie right now , " the show 's creator tells Rolling Stone . "  I ca n't get into much more detail because I do n't want to scare anybody off . I do n't want to be presumptuous about it . I do n't own the property outright -- it 's a 20th Century Fox property . But everybody seems really into it and really eager to make a movie . " Binge-watching ` Arrested Development ' season four The biggest challenge that Hurwitz faced when filming the fourth season last year was working around the busy schedules of the large cast . "  A TV season is a six-month commitment , " he says . "  But I think it would be very doable to get them together for four or five weeks to make a movie . " Any sort of "  Arrested Development " movie has yet to receive a green light , so Hurwitz is very reluctant to guess when it might see release . "  I 'm hoping it happens as soon as possible , " he says . "  But I want to be very careful about not putting out false information . I want to get a time and tell everybody when it 's happening and not play with people . Right now , I 'm trying to do something else for Netflix and a movie project and things . I 'm always sort of superstitious about talking about this stuff before it happens . It 's the best way to guarantee it does n't happen . " "  Arrested Development " returned as a Netflix-only show in May after being off the air for seven years . It got a ton of media attention , but some fans and critics were disappointed by the end result . "  I was really aware that we were trying to do something that not only had nobody done before , but we did n't really tell anybody what we were going to do , " says Hurwitz . "  That is , we made an eight-and-a-half-hour show . So nobody had any framework to watch it from . " The 15 new episodes largely focused on one character at a time . The same scene was often shown from many different perspectives , and jokes sometimes did n't pay off for several episodes . Netflix eyes another season of ` Arrested Development ' "  By now , many people have gone through the episodes again , " says Hurwitz . "  They see the first episodes as the first chapters as opposed to the first episodes . People responding quickly to the first episodes was akin to reading a couple chapters of a book and saying , ' I do n't like this . ' " Some of the online reaction to the new episodes was hostile , but Hurwitz steered clear of the countless reviews and recaps . "  When we originally did the show there was a website called Television Without Pity , " he says . "  I would oftentimes go there and see reactions to the previous night 's show . It was really interesting . They 'd write things like , ` Now they 're doing black puppets ! They 've ruined the show ! ' It does n't matter what people like now . The first Monday after we aired on Sunday , they hated it . And then six months later , people would say , ` Why do n't they do good shows like they did with -LSB- the black puppet -RSB- Franklin ? ' Realistically , if you 're going to really try to do something different and confound expectations , you 're going to lose some people and gain some people . " ` Arrested Development ' : The funniest running jokes The reaction to the new episodes reminds Hurwitz of what Radiohead experienced in 2000 . "  There was a long lapse of time after they released ` OK Computer , ' " he says . "  And then ` Kid A ' came out and everybody was like , ` We do n't like this . We do n't like this . ' And then later they came around to thinking it was even better than ` OK Computer . ' Also , it 's difficult to make this comparison because it sounds self-aggrandizing and I do n't mean it that way , but I remember when ` The Godfather II ' came out . People were like , ` What ? What is this ? I want to see ` The Godfather ' where they shoot people , not this thing where they talk about Cuba . ' " Plans are obviously in flux at the moment , but Hurwitz 's ultimate goal is to make an "  Arrested Development " movie and then another season of the show . "  The whole thing is sort of unprecedented , " he says . "  It 's always been its own little thing . I kind of feel like the more it stays original , the better chance it has . As soon as it goes back to trying to do exactly what it was before , you run the risk of doing a reunion show or something . " See the original story on RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Arrested Development " creator Mitch Hurwitz is working on a movie Hurwitz : "  Everybody seems really into it and eager to make a movie " The project has n't received the green light yet Hurwitz hopes it happens "  as soon as possible "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- At least 17 children and 14 women had been killed as of midafternoon July 20 , in the 24 hours since Israeli forces had launched ground operations in the al-Sheja ` iya neighborhood of Gaza City , the United Nations reported . Those numbers will rise : Many bodies are still in the rubble . Ambulances came under attack and could n't reach the wounded , witnesses said , and survivors fleeing tank shells and airstrikes did n't know how many of their relatives had been killed . At around that time , George Stephanopoulos of ABC 's "  This Week " asked U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry for his response to Palestinian statements accusing Israel of committing "  a massacre and a war crime " in Sheja'iya . "  That 's rhetoric that we 've heard many , many times , " he answered . "  What they need to do is stop rocketing Israel and accept a cease-fire . " Hamas and other Palestinian armed groups do indeed need to stop rocketing Israeli population centers . Rockets killed an Israeli Bedouin man and wounded his wife and children on July 19 , and badly injured two girls last week . Such strikes using inherently indiscriminate rockets violate the laws of war . But the "  they " Kerry referred to are the warring parties , not the civilians . The message Israel needs to hear from its most important ally is not that "  War is ugly , and bad things are going to happen , " as Kerry put it . A more meaningful assessment is the one Kerry shared , with apparent irony , with an aide when he mistakenly thought he was off-mic on Fox News : "  It 's a hell of a pinpoint operation . " The 17 chronically ill , elderly and paralyzed patients in the Wafa Rehabilitation Center , in Sheja'iya , can tell you it 's no pinpoint operation , if that is supposed to mean that civilian structures are being spared . Israeli forces hit the hospital at least three times from July 11 to 17 , with missiles and tank rounds . Amid these attacks , the Israeli military warned hospital staff to evacuate . But , the hospital director said , "  There is no other hospital in Gaza equipped for our patients . " They finally evacuated under fire on the night of July 17 . The electricity was cut off , patients lost their oxygen supply , attacks started a fire on the upper floors , and nurses , coughing in the smoke , carried patients -- none of them mobile -- downstairs and into ambulances . The Israeli military has variously claimed that rockets were stored or launched from areas near the hospital , but not that the hospital was used for enemy military operations harmful to its own forces . The fact that Israel , using accurate guided missiles and direct tank fire , struck the hospital over several days , suggests intentional or reckless attacks on the hospital , which are war crimes . Palestinian fighters are among the dead in Gaza . And not all civilian casualties are the product of violations of the laws of war . Palestinian armed groups also unnecessarily put civilians at risk by deploying near crowded apartments or , as in two known incidents , storing rockets in empty schools . But under the laws of war , civilians who do not join in the fight are always to be protected . It 's good that Israeli forces often give warnings , but that does n't give Israel legal license to attack civilians left behind or to proceed with little concern for their welfare . Nor can it assume that anyone left in a "  warned " area is a fighter , because there are many reasons , from infirmity to fear to having no place to go , why civilians do n't heed warnings to flee . One crucial element in any lawful attack is that it is directed at a reasonably certain military target . But in a number of airstrikes before the ground invasion that Human Rights Watch investigated , we found no evidence of a lawful military objective . There was none evident at the Fun Time Beach cafÃ © , where an Israeli attack on July 11 killed nine civilians , including two boys , who had gathered to watch the World Cup . The four boys killed and three wounded by Israeli strikes near the Deira Hotel , on the Gaza City beachfront , were not lawful military targets . The military said it was targeting a terrorist in the beach cafÃ © , but did n't supply a name or other information to back the claim , or explain why it had to kill that unidentified person when he was surrounded by civilians . And it said it had mistaken the boys wounded in the latter attack for "  fleeing fighters , " even though anyone would flee a building being attacked . These are not tragic accidents . They fit an apparent pattern of shooting first , determining whether there was a lawful target later . The policy of the United States in response is inadequate . On July 21 , Kerry announced that the United States is "  providing $ 47 million to address the humanitarian situation in Gaza . " These funds are desperately needed . But nothing has been said about curbing the killing of civilians , addressing the years of impunity for such grave violations of the laws of war , much less suspending transfers of military materiel that Israel has been using to commit what we find to be illegal acts . Dismal as Israel 's record is in prosecuting war crimes , Hamas has prosecuted no one . West Bank Palestinian leaders have intimated they may seek access to the International Criminal Court , which would then have jurisdiction over indiscriminate rocket attacks from Gaza as well as unlawful Israeli airstrikes , insofar as Israeli and Palestinian authorities refused to prosecute their own . Closing the accountability gap could help deter attacks on civilians , but the United States , which has long blocked international accountability for Israeli violations , steadfastly opposes the Palestinian move . It is long past time to reverse that position . What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ?	Human Rights Watch says some Israeli airstrikes had no lawful military objective Bill van Isveld : Hamas also needs to stop rocketing Israeli population centers He says warnings do n't give Israel license to kill civilians left behind or ignore their welfare International Criminal Court would have jurisdiction over rocket attacks , airstrikes
CNN  -- Magnificent snow-peaked summits and quaint thousand-year-old villages provide the backdrop for an unforgettable adventure in Nepal . Exploring the dramatic landscape on foot is nothing short of extraordinary , trekkers say . " -LSB- One night -RSB- the back doors were open towards the view of Mount Everest and the other peaks of the Himalayas . It was so beautiful with snow-capped mountains and the sky was full of stars . I think that was one of the most magical moments I 've ever had , " says iReporter Kuna Rajandran , who trekked to Everest base camp in April . Planning a Nepal expedition may seem daunting at first -- and you will be challenged -- but in the end , itÂ ¹ s worth it . You will come away with some of the greatest memories of your life , from savoring locally cooked meals at teahouses to soaking in breathtaking views of the high Himalayas , according to adventurers who 've made the trip . There are endless options when it comes to planning a trek in Nepal . One of the most popular routes is the Annapurna Circuit , which loops around the base of the Annapurna range . And , of course , the more difficult Everest base camp trek is a magnet for many visitors . Worlds away in Kathmandu Experts urge travelers to be wary of individual porters and guides who approach you on the streets of Kathmandu . They are most likely uninsured , cautions Mohan Lamsal , general secretary of Trekking Agencies ' Association of Nepal  TAAN  . Have a detailed discussion with your chosen trekking company to assess their professionalism , Lamsal advises . While booking in advance is a sure thing , some adventurous iReporters say making arrangements in Kathmandu is a convenient way to cut out the middleman . Be careful not to overestimate your abilities . Even if you feel completely comfortable with the people and the landscape and think you can make the trek on your own -- do n't . Trekking with at least one companion is a must , especially if you 're a beginner , experienced trekkers say . Since both the Annapurna base camp and Everest Base camp treks are located in conservation areas , you will need permits , said iReporter Barry Wenlock , a Kathmandu resident and an experienced Himalayan trekker who has been leading tours since 1995 . You can get permits before you begin or upon entry into the parks . Additionally , every trekker needs a Trekkers ' Information Management System  TIMS  pass . You or your trip organizer can get this card , which is part of a database that stores visitor information for safety reasons . When deciding on when to make your trek , there is generally one rule of thumb : Avoid the monsoon season  June through August  . The most popular times to trek are late spring  March and April  and early to mid-fall  October and November  , but keep in mind that is also when the trekking routes are busiest . To beat the rush , try going a week or two earlier or later , suggests Wenlock . "  There are such beautiful forests -LSB- at the foothills of the Annapurna -RSB- , and it 's Nepal 's primary rhododendron forest , so if you visit there in the last week of March , first week of April , the rhododendrons are full and it 's an absolutely staggeringly beautiful place . And the pink and red rhododendrons all up the hillside , a few magnolias mixed in , some jasmine , " Wenlock says . Before heading to Nepal , it 's important not only to prepare your itinerary , but also your body . Even the mild or "  Nepali Flat " parts of the "  easier " Annapurna trek have their fair share of steep inclines . "  Walking around the golf course is n't enough -- you really need to do uphill walking . You can do that for a few weeks before you come , that will make it much easier , " Wenlock says . It 's cold in Nepal -- really cold . Weather-appropriate supplies are a must for any trekker , novice or expert . Remember to pack your warmest down jacket and broken-in hiking boots as well as sun and eye protection . Based on his experience trekking the Annapurna Circuit in 2009 , iReporter Dean Gakos , an avid hiker , recommends watching out for knock-off gear , like fake North Face jackets , which he saw in Kathmandu . You do n't want to climb up into the mountains only to realize your jacket contains synthetic down . If you 're planning on trekking up to higher altitudes , be cautious of altitude sickness . Warning signs include vomiting and weakness of the body , says Rajandran . iReporter Udayan Mishra , a Kathmandu resident who has been on several expeditions in Nepal , suggests taking the trek gradually to acclimatize yourself -- overexertion in the beginning may lead to problems later on . Make sure you have enough Nepalese currency before you get on the path . Gakos recalls that there was "  one ATM on the whole trek . " And even if there is an ATM , there 's no guarantee that it has been recently stocked with money . There are two typical types of treks : the more popular teahouse trekking and a fully organized camping trip . A teahouse trek gives you the comfort of knowing that lodging and food will be provided . You can carry additional supplies -- clothing , snacks , sleeping bag -- on your own or hire a porter to carry it for you . Once you finish walking , five to six hours on average per day , you settle down in a village . If you do n't have a guide to recommend a teahouse , talk to other travelers and consult guidebooks for suggestions . In teahouses that provide lodging and food , guests are expected to eat at least two meals : dinner at night and breakfast the next morning , Gakos says . Do n't expect a hotel experience -- expect better . Nepali locals are known for being extremely kind and hospitable . Wenlock says you 'll be treated like family during your stay . Gakos was looking for that kind of personal exchange . ' "  That 's why -RSB- we picked Annapurna , it was the perfect balance of wilderness and viewing the high Himalayas while also getting the Nepali culture , " Gakos says . Past visitors consistently praise trekking in Nepal as one of the best experiences of their lives . CNN iReporter Ruth Stewart , who trekked to the Everest Base Camp in winter 2010 , says Nepal was the most beautiful part of the world she 's ever been to . Take advantage of the majestic mountains and the pristine landscape . Unlike many other mountain ranges , the Himalayan area in Nepal is practically untouched . "  There 's no rubbish , there 's no gondolas going up to the highest view , there 's no cars , there 's no traffic -- it 's just complete serenity and it 's just the most incredible experience , " Stewart said .	iReporters agree that trekking in Nepal is an incredible experience To prepare for the terrain do some uphill walking before you go Before you get on the path , make sure you have enough Nepalese currency
Time.com  -- Last week , a U.S. District judge dealt a serious blow to Google and Samsung by slapping an injunction on the Galaxy Nexus phone and the Galaxy Tab 10.1 in a patent infringement lawsuit . Although Judge Lucy Koh has n't found Samsung guilty of patent infringement -- not yet , anyway -- she ruled that Apple would suffer irreparable harm if the two Android devices were found to infringe Apple patents and remained on sale during the trial . Time.com : Per Apple request , judge orders Samsung to halg Galaxy tablet sales The Galaxy Nexus is Google 's lead Android device , so Koh 's ruling is the biggest patent setback for Android to date .  Samsung has appealed Koh 's ruling . I 'm not a lawyer or a shareholder in any of the companies involved , so I 'm less concerned with the legal maneuvering than I am with the patent wars ' effects on consumers . Let 's take a look at what the injunctions and the greater mobile patent wars mean for the people who are actually using the products : Are existing users affected ? If you own a Galaxy Nexus or Galaxy Tab 10.1 , no one 's going to show up at your doorstep and ask for it back . Your device will continue to work , but there 's always a chance that Google or Samsung may tweak their software in future updates to work around claims of patent infringement . My Galaxy S II , for instance , lost its "  overscroll bounce " effect in an update late last year , and I suspect this was done to avoid a patent claim that Apple has wielded against other companies . Time.com : Going Android : An experiment The patents at issue in the Samsung case deal with universal search , predictive text , slide-to-unlock and the ability to select an action when you tap on certain types of text . It 's not yet clear whether Google and Samsung can come up with workarounds . Can you still buy a Galaxy Nexus or Galaxy Tab 10.1 ? I ca n't find the original Galaxy Tab 10.1 online , aside from a few refurbished units , but the device is now a year old and not worth buying . I 'm guessing most retailers had already stopped selling it . Instead , you can get the Tab 2 10.1 , which remains on sale at Best Buy and elsewhere . The unlocked Galaxy Nexus remains on sale on Google 's website , but we 'll see what happens once Apple posts a $ 96 million bond that 's required to set the ban in motion .  If Samsung prevails at trial , it will get that bond money to make up for lost sales .  A Verizon store clerk , meanwhile , told Mashable 's Lance Ulanoff that the carrier will sell its remaining Galaxy Nexus stock , but ca n't import any more units . Time.com : China court orders Apple to pay $ 60 million to settle iPad name dispute Are all Android devices now doomed ? Aside from Samsung , Apple has also sued Motorola and HTC for patent infringement . The U.S. International Trade Commission found HTC guilty of infringing two patents , and its latest phones were briefly held up at customs in May while the company 's workarounds were approved . Apple claims that the workaround is n't good enough , so HTC 's not out of the woods yet , but at the moment HTC 's Android phones are widely available . Motorola also seems safe for the moment , following U.S. Court of Appeals Judge Richard Posner 's decision to dismiss the entire case of Apple v. Motorola . Posner said neither side could prove damages , and Apple could n't show that an injunction would benefit itself more than it would hurt Motorola . Apple will most likely appeal the ruling . Are Apple products at risk ? Of course , Apple 's rivals have filed counter-suits . The problem for Samsung and Motorola is that they 're relying on "  standard-essential " patents that are required for telecommunications , and must be licensed on fair , reasonable and non-discriminatory terms . The Federal Trade Commission is currently investigating Motorola , which is suing both Apple and Microsoft , over its use of these standard-essential patents to score injunctions . If the FTC requires Motorola to license its patents , the company will lose its ability to get Apple products banned . This article originally appeared on Time.com : Apple wins ban on two Android devices : What it means for you	Google and Samsung will halt sales of the Galaxy Nexus phone and the Galaxy Tab 10.1 . The companies were dealt an injunction on sales due to Apple 's patent claims . Current owners will continue to be able to use the devices . Apple 's sued other Android producers for patent infringement , but the jury 's still out .
CNN  A grand jury in Dallas County , Texas , has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison , a schizophrenic man whose mother had called police for help getting him to the hospital . "  This particular case was reported out as a ` no bill , ' from the grand jury , " said Cristal Retana , a spokeswoman for the Dallas County District Attorney 's Office . The grand jury 's decision not to indict means Officers John Rogers and Andrew Hutchins wo n't face criminal prosecution in the case . But the officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison 's family . The incident occurred in June , and Harrison 's family filed a lawsuit in November . The release of video from one of the officer 's body cameras put the shooting back in the headlines last month . In it , Harrison 's mother answers the door for police and nonchalantly walks outside . "  Oh , he 's just off the chain , " she says . "  You can hear him , talking about chopping up people . " It was a fairly routine occurrence for her to call the police for assistance with her son . An officer asks who she 's talking about , and she replies , "  My son , bipolar , schizo , " as Jason Harrison appears in the doorway behind her . He is twiddling a screwdriver between his fingers . One of the two officers called to the scene tells Harrison to drop the tool , a command the officers repeat at least four times as Harrison 's mom screams , "  Jay ! Jay ! Jay ! " Within five seconds of that first command , the 39-year-old schizophrenic man is shot five times -- including twice in the back as he crashes headlong into the home 's garage door , just a few feet from his mother . Video from one officer 's body camera fades to black as Harrison 's mother wails , "  Oh , they killed my son ! Oh , they killed my son ! " The officers continue to tell Harrison to drop the weapon . The Harrison family 's lawsuit against Rogers and Hutchins says they should have used nonlethal means of defusing the situation instead of choosing to engage "  in unlawful vicious attacks " when they and the department were aware of Harrison 's condition . The suit also claims the officers violated Harrison 's civil rights . The officers , however , said in affidavits that they were forced to shoot an armed man who they deemed dangerous after he failed to comply with repeated orders to drop a screwdriver . CNN 's Matthew Stucker and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Police in Dallas shot and killed Jason Harrison last year A grand jury has decided not to indict the officers The officers are still facing a civil lawsuit filed by Harrison 's family
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate voted 65-31 on Saturday to repeal the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law , which bans openly gay people from serving in the armed forces . The measure now goes to President Obama to sign . The House of Representatives passed the measure 250-175 on Wednesday . Obama and the Pentagon must certify that repealing the 1993 law will not adversely affect the armed services . Obama earlier Saturday called an earlier procedural vote advancing the repeal toward a final vote a "  historic step toward ending the controversial policy . " "  It is time to close this chapter in our history , " Obama said . Earlier Saturday , a bill that would have offered a path to citizenship to some illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children failed a procedural vote . Known formally as the Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors Act , the DREAM Act fell five votes short of the 60 needed to be considered for final passage . Obama said Saturday that the failure of the Senate to move the DREAM Act forward was "  incredibly disappointing . " Republican Sens. Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine , Mark Kirk of Illinois , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , George Voinovich of Ohio , and Scott Brown of Massachusetts voted to advance the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal toward a final vote . Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut , who co-sponsored the legislation that would repeal the policy , said Friday that Republican senators supporting the bill had "  shown courage . " Lieberman said that the bill 's co-sponsors had worked closely with the Defense Department in crafting its language . But Pentagon officials are warning gay and lesbian soldiers that the current law will temporarily remain in place if the bill passes as they review the legal technicalities of the repeal . A guidance memo would be sent to military personnel informing them of the change , which would remain in effect for at least 60 days after it is signed into law , Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan said . Conservative Republicans have argued that , among other things , a repeal would place an unreasonable burden on the military at a time when it is facing severe strains in Afghanistan and elsewhere . The Senate is convening this weekend to finish up matters at hand before the lame-duck congressional session ends . The DREAM Act would have offered legal standing to immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children under the age of 16 and have lived in the country for at least five years . Other requirements included graduating from high school or obtaining a GED diploma and demonstrating "  good moral character . " Even then , only a six-year conditional status would be awarded . Before moving to the next phase , the students would need to meet additional requirements -- attending college or serving in the military for at least two years , and passing criminal background checks .	NEW : Senate passes ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' repeal , 65-31 Six Republicans vote with Democrats to advance repeal toward final vote Dream Act gets 55 of the 60 votes needed to proceed The lame-duck Congress is working ahead of the holiday break
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- In his latest run-in with the law , rap music mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight was arrested at a suburban Los Angeles outdoor shopping mall for failing to appear in court on a traffic violation . Sgt. Shawn Ruda of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said that police deputies spotted Knight late Friday as he was leaving a restaurant in the Universal CityWalk complex of shops , movie theaters and dining areas , which is located about nine miles northwest of downtown Los Angeles . At the time , the co-founder of Death Row Records had a warrant issued for him because he had n't showed up in court . Knight consented to go with police to the sheriff 's department 's West Hollywood station , Ruda said . There , the 45-year-old was booked and issued a citation to appear in court again on the traffic violation . The whole process took about an hour , according to Ruda . The sheriff 's department did not elaborate on the nature of the traffic violation . Knight rose to fame and fortune after founding his record label in 1991 and bringing in such artists as Snoop Doggy Dogg and Tupac Shakur . Knight was in Las Vegas with Shakur in 1996 when the chart-topping rapper was shot to death . Shortly thereafter , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time , along with Shakur 's death , public feuds between Knight and some rappers , and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop Dogg and others , contributed to the label 's ultimate demise and bankruptcy proceedings in 2006 . Last May , Los Angeles police arrested Knight after they say he pointed a gun at a man outside the city . He was charged then with assault with a deadly weapon involving a firearm and with driving under a suspended license , said the Los Angeles Police Department . His lawyer told CNN that Knight was "  100 percent innocent . "	Marion "  Suge " Knight was arrested late Friday at a suburban L.A. shopping mall Police say he was detained after failing to appear in court on a traffic violation Knight was arrested , booked and issued a citation , a process that took an hour The co-founder of Death Row Records has had several run-ins with the law
London  CNN  -- Foreign Secretary William Hague announced plans Tuesday for the United Kingdom to reopen its embassy in Tehran , Iran , which has been closed since an attack by protesters in 2011 triggered a dramatic breakdown in relations . Hague 's announcement to Parliament follows a series of steps taken by both nations in recent months to improve ties . In a written statement to lawmakers , he said that , given the progress made , "  I have therefore now decided the circumstances are right to reopen our embassy in Tehran . "  There are a range of practical issues that we will need to resolve first . However it is our intention to reopen the Embassy in Tehran with a small initial presence as soon as these practical arrangements have been made . " Hague said his two chief concerns in making the decision had been whether UK Embassy staff would be safe and secure , and whether they would be able to work "  without hindrance . " He added , "  There has never been any doubt in my mind that we should have an embassy in Tehran if the circumstances allowed . Iran is an important country in a volatile region , and maintaining embassies around the world , even under difficult conditions , is a central pillar of the UK 's global diplomatic approach . " The assault by student protesters on the UK Embassy and a separate diplomatic compound in Tehran in November 2011 prompted outrage in the United Kingdom and led Britain to close the embassy 's doors and withdraw all its staff from Iran . Britain also closed the Iranian Embassy in London and ordered all Iranian diplomats to leave . The protest in Tehran was sparked by anger at UK sanctions imposed against Iranian institutions over Iran 's nuclear program . The embassy buildings should have been guarded by Iranian security officers . Since the election of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani last year , there 's been a more positive tone to Iran 's interactions with the West . That relationship has taken on a new significance in light of the current crisis in Iraq , where Sunni militants have seized vast swaths of territory . Iran , a majority Shiite nation , is an ally of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shia-led government and has said it would provide help if asked . The United States , whose formal relations with Iran ended after the 1979 takeover of its embassy there , now faces the politically unpalatable option of cooperating with Tehran to stop gains by the militant group , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . The United States and Iran held "  very brief discussions " about Iraq and the threat posed by ISIS in Vienna , Austria , on Monday , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . Deputy Secretary of State William Burns is in Vienna for nuclear talks with Iran . CNN 's Carol Jordan and Elaine Ly contributed to this report .	Foreign Secretary William Hague : "  Iran is an important country in a volatile region " "  The circumstances are right to reopen our embassy in Tehran , " Hague tells lawmakers The embassy in Tehran was closed after an attack on the site by protesters in 2011 Britain also shut the Iranian Embassy in London and ordered all Iranian diplomats to leave
CNN  -- Carrying an alligator bag on an airline flight is fine , but live alligators are banned from boarding . That might explain why a toothy reptile was slithering around Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport on Friday . Security guard Tineka Walker was on patrol at Terminal 3 when a passenger alerted her to the suspicious object under an escalator . "  I looked , I said , ` What ? ' " Walker told CNN affiliate WBBM-TV . When Walker radioed for help , Chicago Police Officer Anthony Oliver thought at first it was a crock . "  Figured somebody was messing with us , " Oliver told WBBM . No need to call Tarzan to wrestle the gator , which was only about 18 inches long . An airport worker used a broom and dustpan to capture it . Animal control picked it up from police and handed it over to the Chicago Herpetological Society . "  What if a little kid grabbed this , thinking it was a toy ? That could do a nasty job , " said Bob Bavirsha , a reptile rescuer with the group . Legless lizards found at the end of a runway A major clue to how it ended up at the airport emerged on Twitter on Friday when someone posted photos of a man holding what appeared to be the same alligator . "  The patterns on an alligator are as unique as your fingerprints , " Bavirsha said . "  We can actually match this band right here with that band right there . " The man holding the alligator in the tweeted photos also had unusual markings -- a tattoo on his arm that could help investigators identify him . The Twitter posting said the man was riding the Blue Line train , which goes to O'Hare . "  They probably realized they could n't take it through checkpoint , and just let him go , but , oh my God ! " Walker said . The alligator will eventually find a new life in a reptile park -- after getting a few months of treatment for stunted growth , apparently from not being properly fed . All creatures great and small at Frankfurt Airport 's Animal Lounge	A passenger spotted the errant alligator under an airport escalator An airport worker used a broom and dustpan to capture the 18-inch creature Twitter photos show an alligator on the Blue Line train to O'Hare
CNN  -- Downgrade -- the most feared word in Europe 's financial lexicon . Most attention Friday was focused on France -- Europe 's second largest economy -- as Standard & Poor 's cut its rating on French sovereign debt . But the debt of several other countries also received the Mark of Cain , including Italy , Spain , Portugal and Austria , whose debt rating was cut by one notch from its AAA status . Austria 's inclusion might come as a surprise to those who do n't follow the bond markets . Its economy -- by European standards -- is thriving . The Governor of Austria 's Central Bank , Ewald Nowotny , described the downgrade as "  politically motivated " and asserted : "  The structure of the Austrian economy is well-balanced ; output has been evolving dynamically at above-average rates ; Austria has a sizeable current account surplus ; and it is the EU country with the lowest unemployment rate -LSB- just 4 per cent -RSB- . " But Austria has two problems . Its budget deficit has ballooned and now stands at 4.6 percent of GDP  although by European standards that 's toward the lower end of the spectrum . Finance Minister Maria Fekter told Austrian television Sunday that health spending , pension obligations and the state railway system are in the crosshairs as the government looks for annual budget savings in excess of $ 2 billion . Opposition parties say the government has been slow to act -- knocking investor confidence . As in the United States and elsewhere in Europe there is fierce debate in Austria over the balance between tax increases and spending cuts to reduce the deficit . Secondly , Austria ca n't pick its neighbors . To the south is Italy , Austria 's second largest trading partner , where the new technocratic government of Mario Monti is embarking on an austerity program and where the economy is struggling to avoid recession . Austrian banks do a lot of business in Italy and a lot in central and south-eastern Europe . Another neighbor is Hungary , where the government recently forced local banks to let millions of homeowners repay foreign currency loans at below market rates . That 's hurting Hungarian banks because millions of householders took out mortgages in Swiss francs in recent years and now ca n't keep up with repayments . And when Hungarian banks sneeze , Austrian banks catch cold . They have loans worth nearly $ 50 billion in Hungary alone . Last year , one major Austrian bank with considerable exposure in Hungary failed the European Union 's "  stress tests " -- and has since been selling assets to fortify its balance sheet . The Austrian government may have to pump more capital into the country 's main banks , but for now Austrian banking officials tell CNN the banks can probably raise the capital they need to pass the next round of "  stress tests " held by the European Banking Authority . Even so , Central Bank governor Nowotny acknowledges that measures need to be taken to "  ensure the sustainability of the business model of Austrian banks active in central and eastern Europe . " There is only so much that the Austrians can do . Much depends on Hungary 's tortured negotiations with the International Monetary Fund and the European Union over a bailout for its stricken finances . All three ratings agencies have reduced Hungary 's credit-worthiness to "  junk " status . The chief Hungarian negotiator , Tamas Fellegi , is on a tour of European capitals this week , and sources in Vienna say he will meet the Austrian Finance Minister and Central Bank governor on Thursday . It should be an interesting exchange of views . The Austrians and the European Central Bank have been highly critical of "  populist " measures by the Hungarian government led by Viktor Orban that have hurt the banking sector . But Orban is under pressure at home not to yield to international pressure . At the weekend , protesters took to the streets of Budapest with banners demanding "  Hands Off Hungary . " Some commentators have begun talking of Hungary as the "  Greece of eastern Europe . " Reuters ' Kathleen Brooks blogged last week : "  Once again a small , relatively unknown economy is dominating the headlines and causing a massive headache for the European authorities . " We 've been there before . In May 1931 Austria 's largest bank , Credit Anstalt , collapsed suddenly . It had built up an unenviable portfolio of bad loans , but they were hidden from public view . As Austrians raced to retrieve their savings , and governments squabbled over a rescue package , panic spread quickly to other European countries . Banks in the Netherlands and Poland collapsed . Some economic historians believe Anstalt 's failure triggered what would become known as the Great Depression .	Austria 's credit downgrade hidden behind France but could have wide repercussions The country has low unemployment but is exposed to financial risk in Italy and Hungary As in the U.S. and across Europe there is fierce debate over balancing tax increases and spending cuts to reduce the deficit Some economic historians believe it was a banking failure in Austria that triggered what would become known as the Great Depression
New York  CNN  -- A guitar once owned by music legend Bob Dylan sold for $ 965,000 Friday at Christie 's , setting a new world auction record for any guitar , according to a statement from the auction house . The 1964 Fender Stratocaster was purchased by an unidentified bidder , said a Christie 's spokesperson . Dylan , now 72 , played the electric guitar in his famous performance at the Newport Folk Festival in 1965 , during which he was backed by an electric band for the first time , according to the statement . He was 24 years , and on the road to establishing himself as a music icon , the statement said . "  A tremendous amount of international interest was generated at the time of the sale 's announcement , and today 's result justifies the mythic status of this guitar in the annals of music history , " said Tom Lecky , Christie 's specialist and the sale 's auctioneer . Along with the guitar and original Fender case , newly discovered song lyrics by Dylan were also auctioned , according to Christie 's . The items were left behind on a private plane months after the 1965 performance . In 2011 , the daughter of the plane 's pilot submitted the items to the PBS show "  History Detectives " for authentication , according to the statement from Christie 's . The selling price of the guitar almost doubled the estimated range of $ 300,000 to $ 500,000 , according to Christie 's . Previously , Eric Clapton 's Fender "  Blackie " held the record for a guitar sold at an auction , going for $ 959,500 in 2004 , Christie 's spokeswoman told CNN . A month after receiving France 's most prestigious medal , the Legion d'honneur , Dylan is now being investigated in Paris on suspicion of inciting racial hatred , according to French prosecutors . The investigation was prompted by comments he made in Rolling Stone magazine in 2012 . CNN 's Eric Williams and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Dylan played the electric guitar at the Newport Folk Festival in 1965 The performance marked the first time Dylan was backed by an electric band The guitar and lyrics subsequently were left behind on a private plane
CNN  -- Former Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley remained hospitalized early Sunday morning , two days after he fell ill . Daley , 71 , was taken by ambulance to Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago on Friday evening after he returned from a business trip to Arizona , the hospital said . Daley is in the hospital 's intensive care unit for evaluation -- with his family by his side , the hospital said . A former state senator and county prosecutor , Daley was elected mayor in 1989 , to complete the term of the late Harold Washington . He was re-elected over and over until he decided to not run for reelection in 2011 . In all , he served a record 22 years as Chicago 's mayor . His father , Richard J. Daley , also served as the city 's mayor . President Barack Obama 's former Chief of Staff , Rahm Emanuel , succeeded the younger Daley . Since leaving public office , Daley has kept busy , including speaking engagements and as special counsel at a law firm .	Daley , 71 , is in the hospital ICU for evaluation He was Chicago 's longest-serving mayor
Havana , Cuba  CNN  Amid recent rumors of ill health or even possible death , Cuban state media has released 21 photos of former leader Fidel Castro . The photo spread appeared late Monday in the online version of Cuba 's state-run newspaper , Granma . In the pictures , the 88-year-old Castro and his wife Dalia Soto del Valle are shown with the leader of the student association of the University of Havana , Randy Perdomo Garcia . The two men are shown seated , looking at a newspaper and watching TV . The photos are accompanied by an article written by Perdomo recounting his time with the former leader during the reported January 23 meeting . According to Granma , the photos were published because "  Cuba is anxious to know about him . " These are the first photos of Castro to appear publicly since August . Just last week , in a message reported to be from the former Cuban leader , Castro endorsed the fledgling talks to restore diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States , but added he still "  did n't trust " U.S. officials . In the letter published on the Granma website , Castro said that although he did n't "  trust U.S. policies and have not exchanged a word with them , this does not mean however that I would oppose a peaceful solution to conflicts or threats of war . " In December , Cuba and the United States exchanged prisoners and agreed to discuss normalizing relations that had been trapped in over five decades of Cold War animosity . At age 32 , Castro led a band of guerrillas who overthrew a corrupt dictatorship in 1959 . The U.S. broke relations with Cuba in 1961 , amid fears that Castro and his bearded revolutionaries harbored communist sympathies . Despite scores of CIA assassination attempts against him and a failed U.S.-backed invasion of Cuba , Castro stayed in power until 2006 , when an intestinal ailment forced him to step down .	Castro stepped down from power in 2006 He led a band of guerrillas who overthrew the island nation 's dictatorship in 1959
CNN  -- One volunteer woke up every morning with a sigh , relieved that no one had murdered him in his home the night before . Another expected a bullet from a sniper whenever she strolled down the street . And one young woman was so petrified after an encounter that she urinated on herself in public . We 've heard about the inspirational side of the civil rights movement : the rousing marches , freedom songs and electrifying speeches . But these recollections come from a group of civil rights veterans who sound more like combat soldiers who once lived in constant terror . That 's part of the power of the new documentary , "  Freedom Summer , " which premieres Tuesday at 9 p.m. on PBS . The "  American Experience " film captures the idealism that inspired an interracial group of college students to journey to Mississippi for 10 weeks in the summer of 1964 to register African-American voters . But it also reveals what happened when that idealism collided with the casual brutality of white Mississippians who saw Freedom Summer as a "  nigger communist invasion . " A terrifying warning "  There is no guarantee that you will get out of this summer alive ; just know that , " Bob Moses , a Freedom Summer organizer , told volunteers after learning that three of their colleagues had been killed . There have been plenty of films on the violence of segregationist Mississippi . Yet "  Freedom Summer , " directed by MacArthur "  genius grant " fellow Stanley Nelson , goes deeper . Nelson unearths rare film footage , interviews former segregationists , and persuades some Freedom Summer veterans to tell stories they had never before shared in public . Still , what may be most striking about the film is not what is said but what is implied . Nelson captures the idealism of an era in America that seems as distant as covered wagons . Ordinary Americans believed they could change the world . Most Freedom Summer volunteers were only 19 or 20 . They had heard President Kennedy 's challenge to "  ask what you can do for your country . " They saw themselves as patriots . "  It was terrifying , " Dorothy Zellner , a former volunteer , says in the film . "  But if you cared about this country and you cared about democracy , you had to go . " The paranoia of white Mississippi Democracy was on life support in the Mississippi of 1964 . Almost half the state 's residents were black , but only 6 % were registered to vote . In some counties , blacks made up 70 % or more of the population but were barred from voting through a combination of literacy tests , economic intimidation -- they could lose their jobs , homes or land for registering to vote -- and raw violence . It may seem odd today that the white power structure in Mississippi was willing to be so brutal just to keep people from voting . The film , though , shows that the whites ' brutality was driven by an apocalyptic fear : Black voters would drive them from office , and from the state . Some had other fears that had nothing to do with politics . They seethed with fury after seeing white college women , who came to Mississippi for Freedom Summer , interact with black men and live with black families . One white volunteer recounted how segregationists were obsessed with interracial sex ; one sheriff even asked her to describe the size of big black men 's penises . "  We face the absolute extinction of all we hold dear , " Mississippi Gov. Ross Barnett thundered during a speech at the time . "  We must be strong enough to crush the enemy . " A brush with death The goal of Freedom Summer , though , was to do more than register black voters . It was to empower blacks as well . The volunteers established Freedom Schools where they taught black Mississippians about black history . They established an interracial delegation to the 1964 Democratic National Convention that made a daring , nationally publicized bid to unseat Mississippi 's all-white delegation . Some of the most powerful segments in the film , though , come during its smaller moments : A burly white sheriff viciously tries to snatch an American flag out of the hands of a small black boy leaving a courthouse ; the boy bravely holds on while he 's swung like a rag doll . A former beauty queen from Mississippi recounts how family members were driven from their homes simply for having dinner with Freedom Summer volunteers . A boy photographed being educated in a ramshackle Freedom School explains how that summer changed the arc of his life ; he is now a poised college professor and author . One of the film 's most riveting moments comes when volunteer Linda Wetmore Halpern tells a story that , until then , she had been too embarrassed to share . Halpern was walking alone on a Mississippi road one day in her summer dress when a group of laughing white men drove up , surrounded her , and told her they had n't killed a white girl yet . The men grabbed her , tied a noose around her neck and tied the noose to the car . Then they started to drive , forcing her to keep up while calling her "  nigger lover . " As they sped up , Halpern says , she thought she was going to die . The men then stopped , untied the noose from the car and laughed as they drove away . Halpern stood alone in the road petrified . "  I peed all over myself , " she says , her voice shaking years later . "  I just stood there and peed . " Who were the true heroes ? Despite the courage of people like Halpern , most of the volunteers say today that the true Freedom Summer giants were the black Mississippians they worked with . Most of the students would eventually return to college , but the black residents remained to contend with the wrath of segregationists -- many for the rest of their lives . Dave Dennis , one of the Freedom Summer volunteers , remembers one such couple . He recalls seeing an elderly black man and wife pull up to a courthouse in a mule-driven buggy . The man climbed out , walked up to a set of courthouse steps ringed with white deputies , and asked where he could register to vote . "  I 'm haunted by the question of what happened to them , " Dennis says . "  I know they caught hell . Those to me were the heroes . " Dennis caught hell as well . He was with Medgar Evers , the head of Mississippi 's NAACP , on the day Evers was murdered in front of his home . Dennis also knew one of the three civil rights workers who were killed that summer . At the funeral for one of the slain workers , Dennis broke down publicly while delivering remarks , shrilly shouting , "  I 'm tired of going to funerals . " Dennis says some of his black colleagues from SNCC -- the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee , which organized Freedom Summer -- had worked virtually alone in Mississippi for three or four years before white volunteers joined them that summer . "  No one felt like he was going to make it out alive , " he says . Not only did virtually all the Freedom Summer volunteers make it out of Mississippi alive , they were alive in a way they had never been before . The experience transformed them , made some of them more radical . Many of them had learned to some extent what it felt like to live as a minority . They had to stay with black families that summer and listen to their instructions to remain alive . "  They could n't step out of the black community , " says Nelson , director of "  Freedom Summer . " "  They could n't go downtown . They got the hateful looks that black people get all the time . They had people driving by screaming stuff at them . They got a view of race that very few white people get . " The momentum generated by Freedom Summer led to the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act , which removed all the barriers whites had erected to discourage black voters . Last year , a conservative majority on the U.S. Supreme Court voted to gut a key provision of the Voting Rights Act . Since 2011 , 14 states -- including Mississippi -- have passed voter ID laws , according to the Brennan Center for Justice , a public policy institute in New York . Critics say such laws discourage minorities , the poor and elderly from voting . Nelson , who has directed other PBS films such as "  Freedom Riders , " says many of the Freedom Summer volunteers see history repeating itself with the recent Supreme Court decision . "  Everyone feels horrible about it , " Nelson says . "  Everyone is so upset . " Some Freedom Summer veterans have organized voting seminars in an effort to maintain the victories they earned 50 years ago . But some of those victories ca n't be erased by any court decision . Chris Williams , a white Freedom Summer volunteer from Vermont , said though he went South to help black Mississippians , they ended up helping him more . He witnessed acts of courage from poor black Mississippians that stay with him today . And he saw a side of America that few white people see . "  I sincerely hope that I made some small difference in moving the movement forward " he says . "  But I do n't have any doubt all these years later that the person who benefited the most from my being in Mississippi was me . "	New documentary captures recollections of Freedom Summer civil rights veterans Film by MacArthur "  genius grant " fellow reveals clash of idealism , casual brutality "  No one felt like he was going to make it out alive , " says one volunteer
CNN  -- A British woman beheaded in an apparently random supermarket attack in Spain 's Canary Islands has been identified as grandmother Jennifer Mills-Westley . She was retired and living between Tenerife in the Canary Islands and France , where a daughter and grandchildren live , her family said in a statement Saturday . "  She was full of life , generous of heart , would do anything for anyone , " said her daughter , who was only identified as Sarah . The family is "  devastated by the news of her death , " her daughter said . "  We now have to find a way of living without her love and light , " she added . Mills-Westley was a retired county council worker in Norfolk , eastern England , council leader Derrick Murphy told CNN . Murphy said he did not know her personally , having joined the council after she retired , but that he planned to have current and former council employees put together a tribute to her . A knife-wielding man attacked a Mills-Westley in a supermarket , eventually cutting off her head and running away with it , government officials in Tenerife said Friday . The man entered a shopping center in the town of Arona , in the Cristianos area of Tenerife , and stole a knife from the supermarket before attacking the apparent stranger , a central government spokeswoman said . Shopping center security guards were alerted and chased the man , subduing him until police arrived . The man , whom national police in Tenerife identified as a Bulgarian , was apparently known in the shopping area , the government spokeswoman said . The British Foreign Office confirmed Friday that a British national had died in Tenerife . British officials there are in contact with Spanish authorities about the incident , the Foreign Office said . CNN 's Al Goodman , Per Nyberg and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Jennifer Mills-Westley was "  generous of heart , " her daughter says She was killed in an apparently random attack in Spain A man stole a knife , then cut off her head with it
CNN  -- Tree poaching conjures up the lawless Amazon jungle , but America 's magnificent redwood forests now face a piecemeal but steady assault by poachers too , California officials say . Thieves are cutting massive chunks from the base of the champion trees , which are the tallest on Earth and are up to 2,000 years old . While state officials say the damage is far from any Amazonian deforestation , they do rank the desecration alongside elephant tusk poaching . Under the cloak of darkness , bandits are poaching the burl from the old-growth redwoods in Redwood National and State Parks in California , and that lumpy feature from the tree base is then sold for thousands of dollars to make furniture , bowls and even souvenirs , officials say . "  We 've seen a peaked increase  of theft and damage  , " says Candace Tinkler , chief of interpretation and education at the park . "  Unfortunately I feel that it 's more than we can keep track of . " Tinkler compares the theft to elephants being killed for their ivory tusks . She has been with the parks for three years and has noticed a spike in thefts during her tenure , she said . "  The distribution goes beyond what we could have imagined . There 's a black market for this stuff , and it goes well beyond California borders , " she said Tuesday . What makes the poaching so distressing is that the burls are crucial to the survival of the redwoods , whose towering forests block out the sun and draw tourists worldwide . When a burl cutting occurs , a lot of the bark is damaged or removed , and that bark is critical to protecting the redwoods from insect infestation and fire because the material is flame-resistant , Tinkler said . "  When you take away the burl and leave an open scar , it 's similar to me having a major cut on my leg and I left it exposed , " Tinkler explained . "  Now I 'm exposed to other infections . " To combat the poachers , officials at Redwood National and State Parks in northern California have closed an eight-mile drive through the forests at night . The California Department of Parks and Recreation said smaller pieces of poached burl can sell for hundreds of dollars , and the larger chunks can fetch thousands . Taking the burls from a state park is a crime , and their size determines whether the crime is a misdemeanor or felony , the Humboldt County district attorney 's office said . The burls provide unique and beautiful patterns for coffee tables and bar counter tops , and smaller pieces can be used for knife handles . But such a defacement of a forest distresses rangers . Redwoods are on many ` bucket lists ' The Redwood National and State Parks comprises 133,000 acres of forest , coastlines , prairies , rivers and streams . Approximately 40,000 acres are old-growth forest and are a big draw for international visitors who consider a drive through the park a once-in-a-lifetime experience . Ranger Mike Poole , who works in the public information office at the park , receives numerous calls every week asking about the redwoods , located along the California coast north of San Francisco . "  One of the things I hear a lot is ` seeing the redwoods is on my bucket list , ' " Poole said . That 's why protecting and preserving these behemoth beauties is a mission that rangers take very seriously at the park , which the United Nations labels a World Heritage site . "  We 're one of those places that we have around the world that everyone thinks is precious enough , important enough , rare enough , that we need to protect it for the future , " Tinkler said . "  It 's not just a crime against us as Americans ... it 's a crime to everyone . " CNN 's Michael Martinez and Paul Gunther contributed to this report .	In darkness , poachers cut the burl from the base of redwoods in California The lumpy growth is sold for thousands of dollars to make furniture Officials close a road through the redwood forest at night to protect Earth 's tallest trees One official likens the burl poaching to killing elephants for their tusks
CNN  -- In a dusty corner of southern Chad 's Moula refugee camp , the pounding beat of a skin drum drives a group of young men through a cluster of brick-made huts and into a makeshift soccer field . They 're summoned here , however , not to kick a football but to engage in an uplifting activity that can help them forget the tough conditions they live in : dancing Organized by Chadian dancer and choreographer Taïgue Ahmed , these dance workshops are helping scores of displaced people to regain their self-confidence , while having fun and and finding a way of expressing themselves . "  The first time that I was at the refugee camps , the people were all quiet and in their tents . And now with the dance project , everyone came out , I think it has also changed their outlook , " says Ahmed , an acclaimed dancer in his own right who has graced stages across Africa and internationally . Landlocked in north central Africa , the Republic of Chad is one of the poorest countries in the world . Along with poverty and drought in the Sahara desert , hundreds of thousands of people have been uprooted , due to violence , corruption and civil war . Chad 's migrant workers pay price for Libya conflict In 2005 , Ahmed , who began dancing at the age of 13 , created the dance company "  Ndam Se Na , " which means "  dance together " in Ngambaye , a local language in southern Chad . He initially launched a project where he used dance sessions as an educational tool to help children abstain from violent activities while at school . The success of the sessions prompted him to take his dance workshops to refugee camps along the border with the Central African Republic , introducing the joy of dance to its traumatized residents . "  The idea came to me after reading articles about refugees in Darfur , " he says . "  The children were exposed to war -- seeing weapons , nothing but war , the kids are traumatized . And the idea I had was , why ca n't I adapt this dance workshop for the refugee camps , to give the children an outlet , a way to have fun and to have a life . " According to the United Nations , Chad has been affected by a humanitarian crisis since 2001 . Statistics reveal an alarming picture as the country had more than 300,000 refugees in 2010 , according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . S. Africa 's first black dean teaches ` reconciliation over revenge ' In 2006 Ahmed reached out to the UN refugee agency for help with his dance workshops in the camps . He was then told to launch a pilot project in Gore , an area with two large refugee camps sheltering thousands of people . "  I was asked to test the project and that there were n't any resources for it but that I had to go try and see how it could work . So when my pilot project launched , the refugees were curious , they wanted to know what I was planning on teaching them , " says Ahmed . The project was a quick success : in the Gondje refugee camp 181 people of all ages signed up to Ahmed 's dance workshops , followed by 76 refugees at the Ambucu camp . After the sessions ended , the refugees demanded Ahmed 's return to the camp to continue teaching them how to dance . "  I see there is hope because this dance that I am doing will help me earn an income , " says 19-year-old refugee Bienvenue Ndubabe who has lived in a refugee camp for the past four years . "  It will enable me to carry on with my studies , " adds Ndubabe , who attends school in the local village and has every intention of furthering his studies next year . Last October , Ahmed also teamed up with friend and colleague Jean Michel Champault -- director of the African Artists for Development foundation -- to start a project together called "  Refugees on the Move . " The goal is to create a chain reaction and extend Ahmed 's dance workshops to other countries in sub-Saharan Africa . "  Through dance we are trying to bring hope to troubled youths and try to reduce violence and bring a sense of social interactions , " says Champault . Somali rapper K'naan makes songs in the key of love Inside the camp , Ahmed 's dance lessons are life lessons , teaching people of all ages important skills as well as encouraging hygiene and education . Ahmed also does n't shy away from sensitive issues , raising awareness on HIV/AIDS , women 's rights , hygiene and education . "  What makes me the proudest is to see them smile , dance and laugh , " says Ahmed . "  When I dance I see others who laugh and from time to time I laugh ! I 'm only interested in this . " Ahmed has succeeded in giving the refugees that they need as much as food and shelter -- their sense of humanity and belonging . "  I 've always said that for me , dance is something magical , that does n't have barriers . We can find ourselves in an open space like this one and dance together -- it 's joy , sometimes people meet up and become partners forever . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report	Chadian Taïgue Ahmed is a professional dancer and choreographer He is making a difference by holding dancing workshops in refugee camps The Republic of Chad is one of the poorest countries in the world Ahmed also raises awareness about issues such HIV/AIDS and women 's rights
CNN  -- Katherine Webb says she 's flattered that broadcaster Brent Musburger gushed about her beauty during live coverage of the college football championship -- and she 's taken aback by a backlash against him . Webb -- girlfriend of Alabama 's starting quarterback and subject of Musburger 's on-air fawning during the Crimson Tide 's 42-14 thrashing of Notre Dame on Monday night -- told NBC 's "  Today " that Musburger is getting a bum rap . "  I think the media has been really unfair to him , " she told the NBC show on Wednesday morning . "  If he would have said something along the lines of that we were hot or sexy , or made any derogatory statements like that , that would have been different . "  But the fact that he said we were beautiful and gorgeous , I do n't see why any woman would n't be flattered by that . I think they 've been a little bit unfair to him , and so I do n't take any offense to it at all . " During Monday 's game , an ESPN camera focused on Webb , a former Miss Alabama USA who is dating Crimson Tide quarterback AJ McCarron . She was in the stands , sitting next to McCarron 's mother -- and Musburger 's river of compliments began . "  Now when you are a quarterback at Alabama , you see that lovely lady there , she does go to Auburn , I want to admit that , but she 's also Miss Alabama and that 's AJ McCarron 's girlfriend , OK ? " the ESPN play-by-play man said . "  Wow , I 'm telling you , quarterbacks -- you get all the good-looking women . What a beautiful woman , " Musburger continued . "  Whoa ! If you 're a youngster at Alabama , start getting the football out and throw it around the back yard with pops . " Opinion : Give Musburger a break In the middle of that , Musburger 's broadcasting partner , Kirk Herbstreit , added : "  Wow ! AJ is doing some things right down in Tuscaloosa . " The 73-year-old Musburger attracted some derision on social media , with some Twitter posters calling his comments "  creepy . " On Tuesday , ESPN said "  We apologize that the commentary in this instance went too far , and Brent understands that . " Webb told "  Today " she 's flattered by the attention -- her Twitter following rose from 526 on December 26 to more than 233,000 on Wednesday , according to the stats site TwitterCounter.com . Is Alabama college football 's new dynasty ? Webb , a 2011 Auburn University graduate , said it took her a while to find out what was happening , because her phone had stopped working before the game . "  During the game , a few of my friends sitting beside me kind of turned around and were like , ` Oh my gosh , Katherine , look what 's on the Internet , ' " she told "  Today . " But she said that attention needs to start swinging back to Alabama 's football team , which won its third national title in four years . "  I think that we need to draw back our attention to who the real winners are , and that 's that Alabama football team , " she told "  Today . " "  They 've spent so long getting ready for this season . " Another woman whom Musburger helped lift to fame -- Jenn Sterger , subject of the sportscaster 's on-air compliments more than seven years ago -- told CNN Wednesday that Musburger is a great guy who just comments on what his producers give him . Sterger was one of three scantily clad football fans whom ABC showed during a broadcast of a Florida State football game in 2005 . At that moment , Musburger said that "  1,500 red-blooded Americans just decided to apply " to the school . Sterger went on to appear in Playboy and Maxim , and took a job as stadium host for New York Jets football games . Later , quarterback Brett Favre got in trouble for sending her lurid messages while he was a Jets player . "  I think  Musburger  is a really great guy , " Sterger told CNN 's "  Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien " on Wednesday . "  Maybe he went a little bit overboard  on Monday  and got carried away , but what else was he supposed to be talking about ? Did you see the score of that game ? " Would she give any advice to Webb ? "  Everybody walks different . It 's not my place or anyone else 's place to make a decision what she 's going to do with it , " Sterger said . "  I think she 's got a great head on her shoulders . ... It 's her journey . "  Embrace it and have fun along the way . Do n't get too wrapped up in it . " CNN 's Michael Pearson and Soledad O'Brien contributed to this report .	Alabama quarterback 's girlfriend tells NBC 's "  Today " says she 's flattered by attention ESPN broadcaster Brent Musburger remarked on beauty of Katherine Webb during game Brent Musburger 's comments came during live coverage of national championship game
