London , England  CNN  -- From the original celebrity endorser King Henry VIII to modern-day superstars such as Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi , the humble football boot has come a long way . Britain 's notorious wife-beheading royal paid four shillings -- the equivalent of $ 1,350 in today 's money -- for his custom-made leather pair that were in an inventory of his wardrobe when he died in 1547 . By comparison , Nike 's new Mercurial Vapor Superfly II is the most expensive boot on the modern retail market , coming in at around $ 400 . Henry VIII 's boots would have been sturdy models made from tough leather to cope with the violent , no-rules , all-in-brawl approach to the game of the 16th century , a far cry from the streamlined and lightweight shoes designed for today 's game . "  We have a revolutionary technology which has a stud that adapts to different pitch conditions , " Nike design director Andy Caine told CNN . "  This will make the fastest player even faster whatever the pitch conditions might be . For a modern footballer who 's really fast , this is really going to change his game . " The birth of boot-making giants From workers knocking about in brutal steel-caps , the evolution of boots really kicked off in the late 1880s when nailed-in leather studs helped with traction in muddy fields . In 1948 , a falling-out between the two German siblings behind the Dassler Brothers Shoe Factory led to the creation of Adidas and Puma -- the two most influential boot makers until the emergence of Nike in the 1980s . Both companies laid claim to the invention of the screw-in synthetic stud . Adolf  "  Adi "  Dassler 's company said his firm 's innovation helped Germany win the 1954 World Cup when treacherously wet weather struck before the final against Hungary , but brother Rudolph insisted Puma 's Super Atom boot featured interchangeable studs years previously . Two decades later , Puma struck an important blow by signing up the world 's greatest player , Pele , for $ 125,000 , according to a book by Dutch author Barbara Smit . At the opening game of the 1970 World Cup , the Brazil legend asked the referee to delay starting the match so he could tie up his laces -- meaning valuable exposure for Puma as the world 's television cameras focused in on the player 's feet , Smit wrote in "  Three Stripes Versus Puma . " Pele 's Puma King range was also worn in the 1980s by Argentina superstar Diego Maradona , giving the company an association with two of the best players to have graced the sport , says Alan Spurgeon of specialist Web site www.Footy-Boots.com . Enter the Predator But Adidas consolidated their position at the top of the boot market thanks to a much lesser-known player . Craig Johnston , born in South Africa and raised in Australia , made his name with English club Liverpool in the 1980s . After retiring at the relatively young age of 27 to look after his ill sister , Johnston came up with the novel idea of adding rubber patches to the outside of boots , which boosted control of the ball and gave added swerve when kicking it . "  I was coaching kids in Australia and I was telling them that they had to grip and bite into the ball like a table tennis bat to swerve it . ` That 's fine Mr Johnston , ' they said , ` but our boots are made of leather and not rubber , it 's raining and they are slippery , ' " he told Britain 's Design Museum Web site . "  I went home and took the rubber off a table tennis bat and stuck it on my boots with super glue . Immediately I went outside again and kicked the ball , I could hear a squeak when the rubber engaged with the polyurethane of the ball . " The result , after years of development , was the Predator . Launched in 1994 , it has been worn by superstar names such as Zinedine Zidane and David Beckham -- both of whom had customized versions . Johnston , ironically , has recently been a critic of modern boots , saying they contribute to injuries suffered by players . "  People say that the boots do n't provide enough protection . In fact , the opposite is true , " he told FootyBoots in 2009 . "  The problem is that the boots are so well made there is no give at all in the materials -- especially the cheaper synthetics . "  The pitches are now so well-maintained and even woven with synthetic materials that the players ' studs engage like they should do , but they do n't release enough , causing injury . Also , the studs are far too long and give far too much grip . " A new major player in the market The next most significant boot was Nike 's Mercurial Vapor , Spurgeon said , launched in 1998 with the endorsement of Brazilian World Cup winner Ronaldo . That range 's popularity is expected to continue with the Superfly II , worn by Portugal 's Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo -- the planet 's most expensive player at $ 130 million -- at the World Cup in South Africa . Caine said the design took a painstaking three years . "  We really started from scratch on this boot , " he said . "  It 's a long process . Every change you make , you have to make a sample then you have to test it on the pitch , test it in a lab , and make sure it provides a benefit . " The process starts with a small core team who focus on what needs improving from the previous boot , Caine said , gathering input from players and seeking out the latest technical innovations . "  Once you get onto the manufacturing side there 's obviously larger development teams that come into it , " he said . "  A lot of people touch it through its life cycle , but there 's quite a small core team who work on the real essence of the design and what it 's about . " While Caine is proud of the Superfly 's new adaptable retraction system , which can change and extend automatically , Adidas have also unleashed an innovative new product before the World Cup -- even daring to revamp the traditional three-stripe design in a boot that changes color in different light . The AdiZero is the lightest football boot on the market , Spurgeon says , with 2009 world player of the year Lionel Messi 's F50 spearheading the range . "  It 's the fastest and lightest football shoe that we 've ever created , " Adidas senior product manager for footwear Aubry Dolan told CNN . "  We 've talked to the players , professionals and amateurs , and their message was very simple : make me faster . "  The goal was simple , the challenge was very difficult . Never before have so many players felt , touched , tested , seen and thought about the product . " Who rules the roost ? The leading companies are coy about releasing boot market figures , but Spurgeon believes Adidas is a clear leader from Nike -- last year the firm claimed it had a 50 percent share in North America and Germany . United States-based Nike , however , is regarded the No. 1 sportswear company , he said . And it may be team shirts and balls , rather than boots , which prove to be the biggest money-earner at the World Cup , according to Germany-based marketing consultancy SPORT+MARKT . "  As the sale of boots is still the core business , both companies are trying hard to sign the world 's best football players to endorse their products , " consultant Stephanus Tekle told CNN . "  However , although boots are the right tool to promote the reliability and the technology of the brands , in terms of sales the World Cup shows a different trend . "  During the event , fans tend to show commitment to their own national teams by purchasing the official jersey and the official ball rather than the boots of their favorite football players . This is probably the most profitable line of business during the World Cup for both Adidas and Nike . " New avenues : The Internet Adidas has guaranteed maximum exposure in South Africa by buying up exclusive sponsorship rights , forcing Nike to continue the more innovative tactics it started with 2006 's "  Joga Bonito " social networking-style Web site . "  Now Nike is trying to pursue a long-term strategy : no more single campaigns but the activation of more comprehensive marketing , especially via the Internet , " Tekle said . "  For instance , Nike is deeply involved in CSR  Corporate Social Responsibility  activities with the latest campaign , "  Lace Up , Save Lives , " endorsed by important athletes . The aim is to lend more credibility and reliability to the brand . "  The Internet is soon going to be a major resource for the kit suppliers more and more , and new innovative campaigns should be expected on the web . "	The first recorded football boot belonged to Britain 's King Henry VIII almost 500 years ago Leading manufacturers Adidas and Puma formed by the feuding Dassler brothers U.S. company Nike began to emerge as the top rival to German firm Adidas in 1990s Both companies are launching new boot ranges ahead of World Cup in South Africa
CNN  Portuguese photographer Daniel Rodrigues had always dreamed of visiting the Amazon rainforest in Brazil , and he finally got his chance last year . After two years of fundraising and wrestling with government bureaucracy , Rodrigues arrived at a place some might call a version of Eden : the Alto Turiacu reserve where the Awa-Guaja roam . "  I wanted to show the daily life in the world 's most endangered tribe , " he said . The Awa-Guaja 's way of life is being threatened by relentless loggers who are illegally encroaching on their land , according to Brazil 's National Indian Foundation . Many Awa Indians have had little to no contact with the outside world , but that is beginning to change , the foundation reports , as loggers continue to destroy the forests their existence depends on . Rodrigues set out to document the tribe 's existence -- pure , pristine and , tragically , fleeting . "  I had traveled to Africa and other remote places where people at least knew what a camera was , " Rodrigues said . "  Here I was , in the 21st century , with other humans who  until recently  had never seen a camera , a computer ... never seen a shower and were shocked when they saw a helicopter . And yet they are extremely happy . " Calling themselves Awa , Tupi-Guarani for "  man , " the tribe is made of forest foragers and dexterous hunters . Challenges abound , said Rodrigues , who was forced to communicate with hand gestures for several weeks because the tribespeople did not speak Portuguese . "  I pointed this way to say the sun is setting and made hand signs to ask questions about hunting , " Rodrigues recalled . "  They were incredibly friendly , and I was very well-received . " Spending weeks without uttering words , Rodrigues immersed himself in the visual resplendence of the Awa-Guaja life in the forest . Twelve-hour hunting expeditions were common , cutting through thick jungle growth during the monsoon rains . Nature 's orchestral sounds rang behind every moment , something his photographs seem to allude to . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Detouring from the use of formal portraiture often seen in ethnophotography , Rodrigues ' black-and-white photos are filled with an honesty that could only come as a result of an amicable pact with his subjects . The Awa clearly trusted Rodrigues ' camera , and in the resulting work we can clearly see how well-versed he became with the ins and outs of the Awa way of life . The cinematic quality of some of the shots in the hunting scenes is a testament to the photographer 's endurance and appreciation of a highly spiritual form of sportsmanship . "  We walked and walked for hours , slashing through the forest overgrowth to look for the prey , " Rodrigues said . "  The Awa were barefoot the whole time . " Rodrigues nonchalantly talked about a dangerous situation while hunting for the indigenous red puma . "  The hunter had missed a shot , and the puma jumped right over towards me , " he said . "  In the meantime , I was having an allergic reaction to a spider bite . It was n't easy . " There are several groups of the Awa-Guaja in this part of the forest . Some have been known to exist since the 1970s . Others have been contacted in the early 1980s . Many are believed to still be in hiding . Earlier this month , Brazil 's official news agency reported that three isolated Awa Indians had made contact with the other mainstream Awa-Guaja . The group 's leader , Amakaria , reportedly said that loggers were marking trees and threatening to kill them . The Brazilian government has launched a massive military operation into the states of Para and Maranhao , today the epicenter in the war between loggers and Indians . Latest satellite imagery shows that new logging tracks are constantly being carved . Monitoring and preserving such a large expanse of tropical forest is a challenge . In the meantime , how can the so-called civilized world understand what is being lost ? Rodrigues tries to explain : "  Getting out of my comfort zone , my comfortable bed , to walk for hours through virgin forest , crossing rivers and rapids with water up to my neck ... hearing the triumphal songs of the hunters as they walked home a large prey to share with their brethren -- this experience can completely change a human being . " Daniel Rodrigues is a photographer based in Portugal . You can follow him on Facebook , Instagram and Tumblr .	Photographer Daniel Rodrigues spent time with an endangered tribe in the Amazon The people did n't speak his language , and they communicated with hand gestures Illegal loggers are moving into their territory and threatening their way of life
CNN  -- British photographers and self-described "  urban explorers " Daniel Marbaix and Daniel Barter see beauty amid the desolation of abandoned buildings . Their shoots have brought them to defunct factories , mines and houses of worship around the world , from their native England to Japan . For their first book , they captured the forgotten structures of the eastern United States : ruins of churches and theaters in New York City , derelict train stations , asylums and factories in the Rust Belt . Images from "  States of Decay , " published in July , evoke different reactions , especially the book 's cover . Shot by Barter , it shows an American flag hanging over a defaced frieze of the Last Supper . Barter said the image reflects the separation of church and state in a reference to American politics . Citing an "  explorers ' code , " the photographers chose not to provide specific information about the locations of their shoots . Indeed , the decaying structure may or may not reflect a general decline in the surrounding area , regardless of the state of the structure . A shared fascination with old buildings brought the photographers together . Barter 's love of old buildings started as a child . Growing up in North London , he and a few friends would climb a fence after school and play inside a derelict airplane . "  The combination of leather and shiny metal switches was a formative experience for me , " said Barter , 29 . "  If I close my eyes , I can almost still smell it . " When he grew older , Barter studied restoration art in college , and that knowledge transformed his interest into a job as a professional photographer . Meanwhile , Marbaix studied zoology at Royal Holloway , University of London , and somehow fell in love with photography . "  My courses seemed to just spill over into exploring the urban environment and that led to photography , " said Marbaix , 33 . "  I have not looked back since . " When the two first met through friends in a pub in London of 2011 , they were competing photographers . But after they learned of their mutual interest in taking photos of "  older building and artifacts , " a friendship developed that has led to many adventures , for work and pleasure -- often both . Poking around abandoned buildings has led to a few close calls with authorities , the "  Dan duo " said . The mixture of luck and adrenaline has concocted a slew of comical memories for the pair as well as some great shots . Although many of their shoots might appear to be planned and organized , most of the time they 're produced during holidays and trips with friends and family . "  There is not a method to the madness . We just do whatever we feel like , " Marbaix said . While they continue to work on projects centered on the unseen and unfamiliar in Britain , they 're looking forward to more adventures . "  We are told that we are too old to be doing this sort of thing , " said Marbaix . "  But honestly I could care less . My mother loves it and that 's all that matters . "	Abandoned churches , prisons , asylums are the stars of the photo book "  States of Decay " Photographers Daniel Marbaix and Daniel Barter found their subjects in America 's Rust Belt A shared fascination with old buildings brought the photographers together
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Salvadoran immigrant suspected in the 2001 slaying of Washington intern Chandra Levy told at least two people he killed her , according to an affidavit filed in the case . Ingmar Guandique is serving a 10-year sentence for two assaults in the park where Chandra Levy 's body was found . Ingmar Guandique , 27 , also kept a magazine photo of Levy in his prison cell , stated the affidavit detailing evidence supporting a warrant for his arrest for first-degree murder . Guandique is in prison in California for two assault convictions . Guandique boasted of his ties to the violent Salvadoran gang Mara Salvatrucha , or MS-13 , and told witnesses that he was known as "  Chuckie " -- the name of a demonic doll in a series of horror movies -- because he had a reputation for "  killing and chopping up people , " the affidavit states . D.C. Metro police and federal prosecutors released the affidavit on Tuesday , announcing they would charge Guandique with first-degree murder in the Levy case . He has not been charged with any other slayings . Watch the police announce arrest " The affidavit revealed that Levy , 25 , fought for her life , scratching her attacker on his face and giving him a "  fat lip . " Guandique said he received the injuries in a fight with his girlfriend . But the girlfriend later told police that while Guandique struck and bit her at times , she never hit him , the document says . Guandique is serving concurrent 10-year sentences in connection with attacks on two other joggers in the park during the summer of 2001 . He told probation officials the attacks were motivated by robbery , but no valuables were taken from either victim . Guandique was arrested after the second attack -- exactly two months after Levy 's slaying . D.C. Metro police began to take a hard second look at him in 2008 , the affidavit shows . He has repeatedly denied to authorities that he killed Levy , and his public defenders have cautioned against a rush to judgment , citing what they called flaws in the investigation . The affidavit details a case built largely on circumstantial evidence collected over the eight years since Levy disappeared , apparently while jogging along the Western Ridge trail in Washington 's Rock Creek Park . It portrays Guandique as an opportunistic attacker who came up behind female joggers , grabbing them as they were tiring and becoming winded . The affidavit includes highlights from interviews with a dozen witnesses , who are not identified by name and are instead given numbers . One witness , who frequently exchanged letters with the suspect , told police Guandique had told him as early as 2003 that he killed a young woman in the park . During a taped 2008 phone conversation with the witness , "  Guandique acknowledged that he had told W9 about the ` girl who 's dead , " ' the affidavit says . Another witness told police that Guandique said he and two male teenagers were sitting on a bench in a park smoking marijuana laced with cocaine when a woman with dark , thick hair jogged by . The witness said Guandique thought she "  looked good " and told the two teens that he was going to "  get her . " Guandique told the witness that the three followed her along a path , then grabbed her and forced her off the trail . When she started screaming , he grabbed her by the neck and choked her to death , so that other people in the park would not hear her cries for help . It is not clear from the affidavit whether the two teens Guandique said were with him actually exist . Police have said no other arrests are imminent , but the investigation is continuing . Timeline of Levy 's disappearance " Levy 's skull was found in the park on May 22 , 2002 -- more than a year after she disappeared . A search turned up other remains , as well as clothing later identified as hers strewn down the side of a ravine . Her running shoes were unlaced . He clothes were turned inside out , the pants knotted in tight restraints around her legs . "  It appears that Guandique wanted Ms. Levy naked and incapacitated , " states the affidavit , signed by D.C. Metro Det. Todd Williams . Also among the witnesses are two women who were attacked in Rock Creek Park during the summer of 2001 , along with a woman who narrowly escaped her attacker at about 2 p.m. on May 1 , 2001 -- about the same time Levy is believed to have been jogging in the park . All three identified Guandique from photographs as the man who stalked them in Rock Creek Park . "  I do not doubt that he purposely stalked me as a hunter tracks his prey , " one of the victims told police , according to the affidavit . The other victim described him as "  a bold and practiced attacker , " the affidavit said . "  He waited until he thought I was fatigued from jogging up a hill and purposefully selected a secluded spot right next to a deep ravine . I fear for other women who may appear to be more vulnerable than I did . " Guandique also allegedly described his methods to one of the witnesses in whom he confided , according to the affidavit . "  Guandique said he would hide on a dirt path and wait for the girl to walk by . He would then lasso the girl around the neck and tie her hands and feet together behind her back to prevent her from scratching or kicking him , " the affidavit quotes the witness as saying . It continues : "  After the girl was tied up , he would rape her . Guandique admitted that he did not always know whether his victims were still alive at the end of the attack , but that it did not matter , because they would be eaten by the animals , like coyotes and vultures . " Police visited Guandique at a federal prison in California in November , according to the affidavit . They found him to be heavily tattooed , with multiple MS-13 gang tattoos , as well as "  Chuckie " tattoos and a devil tattooed on his head . One tattoo on his back depicts the "  Chuckie " movie character holding a knife , according to the affidavit . Guandique learned last week from media reports that he would be arrested in the Levy murder case and , according to a witness , responded with an expletive . "  They got me now . What am I gon na do ? " the witness quoted Guandique as saying , according to the affidavit . He vowed that he was not "  going to go out alone , " telling the witness he planned to set a fire with a battery and tissues , then use a homemade handcuff key to escape . He said he would kill the detectives with "  shanks , " or weapons made in prison . A search of his cell on February 26 turned up the items he described to the witness , the affidavit says . They included an AA battery , several tissues , a toenail clipper fashioned into a sharp piece of metal , and a device made of a razor blade . Authorities said Guandique will be brought to Washington in the next 45 to 60 days and formally charged , ending a chapter in one of Washington 's most notorious cold cases . Although the case 's notoriety was fed by news reports linking Levy to a married congressman , U.S. Rep. Gary Condit 's name does not appear at all in the affidavit supporting the case against the man police want to charge with her murder .	NEW : Affidavit says suspect kept a magazine photo of Chandra Levy in prison cell NEW : Witnesses say suspect known as "  Chuckie , " like demonic movie doll An arrest warrant for Ingmar Guandique was signed Tuesday Levy disappeared in May 2001 ; her body was found a year later
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. and Iranian ambassadors to Iraq will meet Tuesday to discuss security issues in the war-torn country , U.S. and Iraqi officials said . U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker , left , and his Iranian counterpart , Hassan Kazemi Qomi , will meet this week . This will be the second meeting between U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker and his Iranian counterpart , Hassan Kazemi Qomi . Their May 28 meeting marked the first public and formal talks between U.S. and Iranian representatives since the United States cut off diplomatic relations 27 years ago . U.S. officials have accused Iran of interfering in the U.S.-led war in Iraq by supplying Shiite Muslim militias with weaponry and training , fueling the sectarian warfare U.S. and Iraqi troops are trying to curtail . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , whose ruling party has close ties to Tehran , said Tuesday 's planned meeting would "  strengthen the bridges of trust " between the two countries . But a senior Bush administration official said , "  We 've seen no sign of improvement in Iranian behavior . They still arm , aid and train militants . " Crocker met Sunday in Baghdad with Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari in preparation for the meeting , Zebari 's office said . "  Ambassador Crocker expressed his satisfaction with the efforts made by the minister to hold this meeting , " according to a statement from the foreign minister 's office . The Bush administration has come under increasing pressure to show signs of progress in Iraq ahead of a mid-September report by Crocker and Gen. David Petraeus , the U.S. commander in Iraq . The war has become widely unpopular in the United States , and President Bush 's fellow Republicans in Congress have had to rely on filibuster tactics to block Democratic-led efforts to start pulling U.S. combat troops out of Iraq . The senior administration official said both Iran and the Sunni Muslim fighters of al Qaeda in Iraq are considered "  accelerants " of the ongoing fighting , which has claimed more than 3,600 American lives since the 2003 invasion that toppled Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein . The United States broke off diplomatic ties with Iran in April 1980 in the midst of the seizure of the U.S. Embassy . Iranian students occupied the embassy from November 1979 until January 1981 , when they released the remaining 52 hostages . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ed Henry and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	U.S. , Iran to meet in Baghdad to discuss worsening conditions in Iraq Ambassadors to Iraq from both countries to lead talks Talks follow a landmark meeting in May
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- Almost as soon as it was announced that Barack Obama had defeated John McCain in the 2008 general election , most pundits -- and voters , for that matter -- assumed Sarah Palin would be the president 's opponent in 2012 . And why not ? She did n't just breathe life into McCain 's campaign but into the entire Republican Party . Up until then , the GOP was about as hip as a dot matrix printer . Palin represented a brand of conservative politics that was Twitterable and has since been instrumental in the rise of the tea party . She is charismatic . She is beautiful . She is a leader . And in the view of many people , particularly liberals , she 's also a bit of an idiot . A botched Katie Couric interview here , a "  Saturday Night Live " skit there , and since breaking into the national scene , countless gaffes and misstatements . And yet despite it all , her popularity remains relatively high , particularly among conservatives . Recent polls all show the majority in her party do not want her to run , but those surveys do not mean people , her people , do not love her . So when she announced Wednesday she was not running for the 2012 presidency , I 'm sure quite a few of her supporters were extremely disappointed . That was n't my reaction . I smiled , thinking Palin is n't dumb at all . In fact , she 's pretty smart . "  My decision is based upon a review of what common-sense conservatives and independents have accomplished , especially over the last year , " her official statement read . "  I believe that at this time I can be more effective in a decisive role to help elect other true public servants to office -- from the nation 's governors to congressional seats and the presidency . " In other words , she can continue to influence national politics without having to be responsible for actually making a decision . She can criticize with a broad brush without the burden of contextualizing her statements with detailed , alternate solutions . She 's like a performance artist whose opinions are rarely second-guessed , whose tongue is rarely censored . She 's rich and famous and essentially has no one to answer to . Her persona is so mesmerizing that her daughter Bristol , a mother at 18 , gets paid to talk about abstinence . We should all be as dumb as Sarah Palin . Seriously , why would she stop doing what she is doing to seek a thankless job , that pays poorly for the work that it requires ? Why turn her back on a public life with little accountability to campaign for a public life in which every decision will be scrutinized . Politicized . Criticized . Obama swatted a fly on television one day back in 2009 . The next day , PETA issued a statement asking him to be more humane to animals . Why would anyone leave a world of hunting moose to enter a world in which killing a fly is worthy of a press release ? It just does n't make sense . Palin 's critics will say she did n't run because she knew she would lose . I say she did n't run because of the chance she would win . Palin has been around the political scene enough to know it 's a whole lot easier flirting with running for president of the United States than it is being president of the United States . That 's especially true today , thanks in part to her . You have a better chance of seeing a herd of unicorns grazing in front of the Washington Monument than drama-free bipartisanship in the halls of Congress . Obama 's under fire for a slumping U.S. economy as if he pointed it south or as if the rest of the planet is on solid financial footing . But Palin , who prides herself on being in touch with the heartland , knows Americans are typically not interested in those kind of sausage-making details . They just want to eat . So despite the fact it took decades for the country to create the environment that allowed millions of jobs to be ushered out the door , the honeymoon for a new face to turn everything around will be extremely short . In fact , whoever is elected president in the fall of 2012 will probably be raked across the coals for the high unemployment rate by spring of 2013 . This is why Palin probably decided not to run for president months ago -- she was smart enough to know that while she can move the needle and copies of her book , the economy is a whole other beast . And dumping Alaska under the guise of "  not putting Alaskans through that " -- as she said in her resignation speech as governor -- worked on the state level , Palin would certainly lose every supporter she has if she tried to walk away from the White House in similar fashion . When you 're loved by so many unconditionally , why risk being hated by everyone for no reason at all ? It just does n't make sense . Bashing Palin 's intellect may be a hobby for some people , but in saying no to the White House , she showed once and for all , she 's no fool . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : After John McCain 's loss , many assumed Sarah Palin would run in 2012 He says Palin 's decision not to run for president is a smart move Whoever wins in 2012 will likely face a weak economy , and will take the blame , he says Granderson : Palin will still have a platform for her views and can live the life she wants
CNN  -- Police arrested Friday a third suspect in connection with the stabbing deaths of an American couple on the Caribbean island of St. Maarten , authorities said . The 20-year-old , identified by his initials J.J.W. , was arrested on St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands , where he had allegedly fled . The suspect was then extradited to St. Maarten , where he was arrested again upon his arrival , according to a statement from the St. Maarten Public Prosecutor 's office . He is expected to appear before a judge Monday . Two other suspects are already in custody in connection with the deaths of Michael and Thelma King . Their bodies were discovered last month at their oceanfront residence in Cupecoy , a beach town on the southwest tip of the Dutch island nation . The first suspect , a 28-year-old Jamaican-born man identified as M.K.J. , has confessed to his involvement in the murders , according to the island 's solicitor general , Taco Stein . Investigators are now working to confirm the details of the suspect 's statements and are gathering additional evidence to present in court , said Stein . A second suspect in custody in the Kings ' murders has been identified as a 17-year-old man with the initials of J.C.M. St. Maarten is a self-governing country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands , whose economy is based on the tourism industry . More than 1 million tourists visit the island each year . The killings occurred in what is generally considered a safe area that is popular with tourists , according to Stein . Investigators believe the murders took place during a robbery of the Kings , he said . Bodies of couple handed over to relatives CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	The 20-year-old man was sent to St. Maarten from St. Thomas The suspect is expected to appear before a judge on Monday Michael and Thelma King were found stabbed to death in their home
CNN  -- Israeli police have stepped up their search for a New Jersey man who went missing while hiking in a forest outside Jerusalem . Aaron Sofer was reported missing on Friday by a friend who he was hiking with in the Jerusalem Forest , Israeli Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told CNN . Sofer , 23 , from Lakewood , New Jersey , is a Yeshiva student studying in Israel . "  We are looking in a number of directions , " Rosenfeld said . "  It is not clear if the disappearance was personal -LSB- or a -RSB- kidnapping . It 's not clear at all . " Police are searching the forest and have questioned a friend of Sofer 's who was "  the last man who saw him face-to-face , eye-to-eye , " Rosenfeld said . The friend "  lost contact " with Sofer while walking with him and reported the disappearance to the police , Rosenfeld said . Sofer 's parents arrived in Israel on Monday . His brother , Joel Sofer , told CNN on Tuesday that family members are "  just praying hard and doing everything we could do . " He said he had visited the area where his brother went missing . "  I actually was over there today on site , " he told CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  And you know , there 's nothing . They have no evidence . They ca n't find anything . " Binyomin Isseeman , Sofer 's rabbi in Lakewood , called the missing man a "  very normal , a very healthy boy . " "  His mind is clear , no problems at all , " Isseeman said to CNN affiliate WCBS reported . Republican Rep. Chris Smith of New Jersey said the U.S. Department of State was helping Israeli authorities in the search for Sofer . "  There are concerns , as we all know , about the possibility of abduction , " Smith said , according to CNN affiliate News 12 New Jersey . Sofer 's disappearance comes two months after what Israeli authorities have called the revenge killing of Palestinian teen Mohammed Abu Khedair , 16 . His body was found in the Jerusalem Forest on July 2 , just miles from where Sofer went missing . Two minors and an adult were indicted in the killing . Prosecutors allege the killing was retaliation for the deaths of three Israeli teens whose bodies were found in the West Bank in June . One of the Israeli youths also had American citizenship . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : The missing man 's brother says the family are "  praying hard " Aaron Sofer disappeared while hiking in the Jerusalem Forest Police are searching in the forest and have questioned a friend who last saw Sofer Sofer , 23 , is a Yeshiva student studying in Israel
When it comes to romance , texting is often seen as a bare-minimum form of communication . It 's fine for firming up Wednesday night dinner plans , but for expressing heartfelt sentiments ? Not so much . That was made pretty clear last week when reality TV star Kristin Cavallari had to defend her fiancé , Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler , from those who poked fun at her story of their second engagement . "  I was in the airport , leaving Chicago , " Cavallari , 26 , tells E! News in an upcoming reality special about her nuptials . "  We had just spent however many days together and we were texting and somehow it came up , like , ` Oh , shall we get married ? ' We 're like , ` Yeah , OK . ' " The couple were first engaged in 2011 but split up briefly before reconciling that same year . Even so , Cutler faced criticism over what many saw as a too casual digital proposal . Cavallari later pleaded on Twitter for people to "  stop bashing Jay " because he had proposed earlier in Mexico "  and it was very romantic . " In the digital age , technology is n't killing courtship . But for many young couples , it 's redefining what romance looks like . These days we often text instead of speak , use FaceTime instead of having face-to-face discussions and zip through online dating profiles with the same speed it takes to order a pizza . Convenient , sure , but "  The Notebook " it 's not . These habits have many wondering if technology is getting in the way of real romance . But let 's be honest : How many of us have gotten into a heated , or just plain hot , text exchange with a love interest ? Chances are , many of the messages saved in your phone are more intimate than your standard pillow talk . From AOL to OKCupid Since the early days of the Internet , we 've used tech as a tool to broaden our prospects for meeting others and finding romance . We 've come a long way since those AOL chat rooms , and even traditional dating sites are giving way to smartphone apps that can do the matchmaking for us . Using your phone 's GPS feature , mobile social apps such as Blendr , Grindr , Are You Interested ? and Plenty of Fish help you zero in on potential dates , or hook-ups , right around the corner . The upside of online dating : Always a funny story to tell For the daring , OkCupid recently launched a Russian Roulette-style app called CrazyBlindDate , which sets users up on short notice with someone they know almost nothing about . It 's not exactly the romanticized version of a fateful meeting , wherein you find your soul mate at spin class or in line for a movie matinee . The lost art of offline dating "  Those really romantic scenarios are kind of diluted nowadays , " said Philip Wang , co-founder of Wong Fu Productions , a new-media production company based in Southern California that creates short films and video blogs . Wang and his colleagues created a video series called "  Technology Ruins Romance , " which makes light of the ways technology could easily solve dilemmas that have been held up as "  romantic " obstacles . The idea came from watching "  rom-coms where you 're sitting there thinking , ` things could 've been totally solved if he took out his cell phone , or just messaged her on Facebook , ' " says Wang , 28 . "  I understand that movies are meant to escape reality , but even just for fun , you could say , wait , why is n't he just calling her instead of showing up outside of her door and surprising her ? " A lot of the mystery we 've typically associated with romance is "  not as strong as it used to be , " Wang said . The power of Facebook Some young single people today would rather have information than mystery . When Jason Austin , a 29-year-old IT professional , was skeptical of a potential date he 'd met online , he did what anyone who 's seen an episode of "  Catfish "  or just has plain common sense  would do : He turned to Facebook . "  I wanted to know something about her , I ca n't say that I 'm not nosy , " said Austin , who lives in Pontiac , Michigan . "  I did n't feel comfortable with the information she was telling me . I would text her , possibly when I get off work , I would give her a call and she would n't answer , -LSB- but -RSB- she would text me in the morning and say ` Hey , how was your day yesterday ? ' It made me kind of suspicious . So in that particular situation , I Googled her . " On her Facebook page , Austin could see "  friends of friends , " which allows one to see so much more information , he said . "  If you read the comments , you can find out details about that picture , which tells you details about that person . " There can be drawbacks to this Facebook sleuthing , said Dr. Corinne Weisgerber , an associate professor of communication at St. Edward 's University in Austin , Texas . Brushing up on someone 's background pre-date means you could skip over some of those foundational moments of discovery in person , she said . But for Michelle Granoski of La Grange , Kentucky , digital tools enhanced her courtship with Shawn Granoski , the man who would become her husband . She came across Shawn 's profile on dating site Plenty of Fish and warmed to his photo , which showed him wearing a Mario T-shirt under a black blazer . She messaged him to strike up a conversation . He is not a big phone person and only wanted to talk over AOL instant messenger . Granoski , 26 , went along with it after looking him up on Facebook and liking what she found . "  I Facebooked him , and it actually did help . ... If I were to discover his favorite color online , I do n't think I would 've had any different reaction than I would 've had in person , " she said . After chatting online for two weeks , Shawn drove down from Louisville to meet Granoski while she was a student at Western Kentucky University . Soon they were taking turns driving to see each other , and tied the knot three years later . Romance , on Skype Although meeting in person will always be essential , the concept of romance has evolved to the point where weeks of instant messaging or e-mailing can plant seeds of a relationship . That 's been the case for 20-year-old Cristina Lara , a Cornell University student who relies on Skype and e-mail to nurture her long-distance relationship with her boyfriend , Joshua Mbanusi , while he 's working in North Carolina . From the beginning , their courtship was carried out through digital means . Lara 's boyfriend , a Cornell alum , asked for her e-mail address instead of her number at first . While some might have taken that as a hint of disinterest , Lara recognized that the frequent , friendly e-mails were his way of showing he liked her . Eventually , he asked for her number , and they went on their first date about a month later . "  A lot of our relationship has been e-mailing and texting and Facebook messaging , " said Lara , adding that she 's kept as mementos a lot of their e-mails and texts -- some of which were unfortunately erased . The couple spent copious amounts of time together , giving their virtual courtship a real-world backbone . So , when her boyfriend revealed that he loved her via text , it was n't ideal . But it was n't a deal breaker , either . "  Before class started I got a text from him that said , ' I love you , ' " she said . "  He wanted it to be as organic as possible . It 's unfortunate that it happened when we were n't physically together , but what are you going to do about it ? " His text was , interestingly enough , sparked by a lengthy letter Lara had handwritten and left in his apartment . She believes that a handwritten note can communicate things an e-mail can not . When it comes to romance , "  I think there 's a level of flirtatiousness that helps to sustain a relationship , and that 's what I had every day with Joshua in person , " Lara said . Now that they 're long distance , the pair makes an effort to fly to see each other when they can . But in the interim , "  for me and Josh , being romantic is having one night a week where -LSB- we 're -RSB- eating together on Skype , " she said . "  I think that 's really romantic . "	Technology is n't killing off courtship as much as it 's redefining what it looks like A new generation is adopting digital models for romantic communication Student : "  A lot of our relationship has been e-mailing and texting and Facebook messaging " Video producer : Mystery associated with romance is "  not as strong as it used to be "
CNN  -- Despite efforts to keep people from profiting from Tuesday 's public memorial service for Michael Jackson , scalpers online Monday were asking as much as $ 9,000 per ticket to the free event . Free tickets to Tuesday 's memorial service for Michael Jackson have appeared for sale online . Dozens of listings selling vouchers for Jackson tickets appeared Monday on auction site eBay and Craigslist , the classified ads site , prompting complaints from Jackson fans and others who felt the sales were inappropriate . "  You people trying to sell these tickets should be absolutely ashamed of yourselves , " said a Craigslist user in a post Monday morning . "  Please flag all of these money-grabbing opportunists ... if you 're a true MJ fan you wo n't give money to these parasites . " Organizers of the public memorial service , scheduled for Tuesday morning at the Staples Center arena in downtown Los Angeles , made 8,750 pairs of tickets available through an online lottery . But demand far outstripped supply , as about 1.6 million fans registered for a chance at the tickets . Winners received an e-mail Sunday directing them to print vouchers and bring them Monday to Dodgers Stadium , where they were to receive tickets and have a nonremovable wristband placed on their arms . Those entering the Staples Center on Tuesday must have wristbands to match their tickets . But that did n't stop some people from trying to sell their vouchers to anyone who could make it to Dodgers Stadium by 7 p.m. Monday . One pair of tickets attracted a bid of $ 275,000 on eBay before the listing was removed . It was difficult to tell whether the offer was serious . Both eBay and Craigslist took steps Monday to thwart the ticket sellers . "  eBay will not allow Michael Jackson memorial service tickets to be listed on the site , " the company said in a statement . "  If found , eBay will remove them from the site immediately . " By Monday afternoon the number of listings for "  Michael Jackson memorial tickets " on eBay had dropped to a handful , and the site was removing them shortly after they appeared . Learn more about plans for the memorial " Craigslist allows its users to flag ads they find inappropriate , and ads receiving enough negative flags are automatically removed from the site . Many ads proffering Jackson memorial tickets were removed shortly after they were posted Monday . Among those was a listing posted by a man who identified himself only as Peetey , 29 , of Venice Beach , California . He was asking $ 8,000 for a single ticket ; the winning bidder would accompany his girlfriend to the service , he said . The ad was removed within 15 minutes , he said , but that was enough time for five people to call with interest . When contacted by CNN , Peetey said he sees nothing wrong with selling a free ticket to a memorial service . "  We live in a capitalist society where money is what really speaks , " he said . "  I 'm not trying to make a huge profit . I 'm not trying to take advantage of anybody . " Peetey , who did not want his last name used for fear of backlash from Jackson fans , said he would go to the memorial service if he ca n't get at least $ 5,000 for the ticket . His girlfriend won the lottery-issued tickets , he said , and will attend the event . "  I want to go , and I have a large desire to go , but if I can get a lot of money , especially in this economic climate , it does n't seem wise for me to sit there for two hours if I can get $ 10,000 for the ticket , " he said . Daniel Moreno , 33 , of Murrieta , California , said people trying to sell the tickets are disgracing Jackson by trying to capitalize on his death . "  That kind of sucks , you know . The guy 's dead , " said Moreno , who posted a statement on Craigslist vowing to flag any listings selling Jackson memorial tickets . Moreno said those with tickets should give them away if they do n't want to attend the service . "  I do n't have $ 1,000 to spend on this ticket and would n't want to spend $ 1,000 on this ticket , " he told CNN . "  And I would n't want to be in the presence of someone who 's trying to sell the ticket because I 'd be arrested for battery . " By 2 p.m.  5 p.m. ET  , organizers had handed out more than 6,400 pairs of tickets . Los Angeles police Capt. Bill Murphy said the distribution process was going smoothly as of early Monday afternoon . One person tried to pass off a photocopied voucher and was ejected , Murphy said . CNN.com 's John D. Sutter contributed to this story .	Tickets for Tuesday 's memorial for Michael Jackson have appeared for sale online Both eBay and Craigslist took steps Monday to thwart ticket sellers Craigslist user : Ticket sellers "  should be absolutely ashamed of yourselves " Seller : "  We live in a capitalist society where money is what really speaks "
CNN  -- He was Spain 's ultimate matador and golf 's greatest escape artist . There was seemingly no situation Severiano Ballesteros could n't extricate himself from , whether his golf ball was rooted behind a tree , in a stream , buried in a hedge or deep in the car park . And the Spaniard did it all with such infectious brio that his career in the sport genuinely redefined it . Now , 25 years after Ballesteros secured the first of his five major titles at the British Open , and three years after his death , a film entitled "  Seve " charts the career of golf 's most charismatic star . Taking its cue from a similar sporting opus "  Senna , " about the life of Brazil 's Formula One star , it is produced by Stephen Evans , whose credits include "  The Madness of King George " While a large portion of the film is made up of stirring archive footage , a thread of dramatized reconstructions chart the story of Ballesteros ' formative years as a teenager . From a poor farming family , Ballesteros taught himself the game by hitting pebbles on the beach in his home town of Padrena after tying the discarded head of a three iron onto a stick . "  I think he was certainly the most charismatic of his or any other generation , certainly the first one to stir the young ladies hearts when they were watching , " Evans told CNN . "  But unless you understand Ballesteros ' background , you wo n't understand Ballesteros . "  Seve had this poor background , he had a good time with his loving parents and was the spoiled little boy in the family , but while there was always food on the table there was no money . "  He was up against it and you can see that in his personality as he developed . He had this aspect that everyone loved because he had charisma , style , intelligence . "  And because of learning the game in this famous way -- playing the game for two years with one club -- he 'd got to know how to improvise . "  I think everyone would agree he 's one of the game 's greatest ever improvisers . " Ballesteros was the son of a shepherd determined to gatecrash the exclusive world of golf , and his rags to riches story was ripe for adaption on the big screen . Often he would scale the walls of the exclusive Royal Padrena Golf Club near his home just to hit a few shots in the fading light of day , or under a full moon . It was this round-the-clock dedication to golf that indirectly led to his expulsion from school , when snoozing in class as a 12-year-old resulted in a confrontation with one of his teachers . By the time Ballesteros hit 13 whispers of his potential prompted a winner-takes-all contest against the region 's under-25 champion with a purse of 50,000 pesetas at stake . That contest provides one of the centerpieces of the film , but having decided on a cinematic strand to recreate Ballesteros ' childhood , Evans now needed someone who could play a young Seve . Enter Jose Luis Gutierrez , who not only bears an uncanny resemblance to Ballesteros at that age , but is also a very accomplished golfer from Cantabria , on Spain 's northern coast . The 16-year-old had , by his own admission , only filled the role of an extra in school plays previously , but was persuaded to audition by the secretary of his golf club due to his resemblance to Seve . "  I said to her ` Are you kidding ? ' How am I going to be Seve because I have never been an actor , ' Gutierrez explained to CNN . "  I went to just have fun , after a month I had a golf tournament and I received a phone call that said ` We want you to play the role of Seve . ' I remember I started screaming . " But was the prospect of playing one of Spain 's favorite sporting sons daunting ? "  I thought it was going to be difficult in the way he was such a unique player who showed such great effort , hard work and will power , " Gutierrez said . "  But also , it was easy in the way that he has always been my idol , the master that I always tried to be like . " Learning all facets of the game with such a primitive tool afforded Ballesteros seemingly miraculous powers of recovery . He 'd often hit few fairways during his round but still come in under par . Perhaps his most famous escape was en route to his first major win in 1979 , at the British Open in Lytham , after which he became dubbed the "  car park champion . " Smashing his drive into a car park off the 16th fairway , a clutch of vehicles had to be moved before Ballesteros took a drop , chipped onto the green and made a birdie , going on to win the Claret Jug by three shots . It was the signpost for a career that would be rife with invention and magnetism , as well as the odd ill tempered rant , that injected new vigor into a hitherto conservative sport . Ballesteros became the first European to win the Masters in 1980 , adding another green jacket in 1983 , and won The British Open twice more after Lytham , in 1984 and 1988 . Add over 90 career titles into the mix , eight Ryder Cup appearances for Europe as a player and one as captain , and Seve 's mantel as a founding father of the modern day European Tour was secured . And all of those riches can be traced back to thousands of hours of practice on the beach in Padrena with a makeshift club . "  I think this is probably the key of his magic because if he could do everything with just a 3 iron I ca n't imagine how good he could have done with all the clubs , " Gutierrez added . "  I had to practice because it is not the same playing with the irons of today -- they are really small . With a driver especially the difference is really big . " After retiring in 2007 Ballesteros suffered a brain tumor in 2008 and finally succumbed to cancer in 2011 aged 54 . "  It 's relatively recent that Seve died but I think this is the right time for the film -- we still have perspective on him , " Evans explained . "  Seve does seem to cross over , this is the big thing . Whether I 'm proven right or wrong we 'll see in the next few months but people who do n't play golf have heard of Seve . " And in this age of better access to facilities and media trained stars , does Evans ever think golf will see his like again ? "  I do n't think we 're going to have another Ballesteros -- he is a one off , " he said . "  None of today 's golfers seem to come from poverty -- everyone can join a golf club . No-one is going to have this walking nightmare to get going . "  Dear old Tiger  Woods  had a psychiatrist when he was four or five ; Seve developed his wit by his own wit if you like . "	New film ` Seve ' charts the career of Spain 's legendary golfer Severiano Ballesteros Ballesteros won over 90 tournaments including five major championships Spaniard was famous for his charismatic , flamboyant style on the course Movie uses archive footage mixed with dramatizations of his childhood
CNN  -- When clinging to life at sea , even a non-believer might be moved to pray for salvation . Imagine their surprise then , when on the horizon they see not only a rescue vessel inspired by Pope Francis , but Hollywood star Angelina Jolie . The glamorous actress was the unlikely guest at a naval base in Malta recently , meeting Syrian refugees who had survived deadly boat journeys to Europe . Among them were a couple from Damascus whose three children had died during the crossing , and a doctor from Aleppo whose wife and three-year-old daughter drowned . "  We have to understand what drives people to take the fearful step of risking their children 's lives on crowded , unsafe vessels , " said Jolie , the Special Envoy of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . "  It is the overwhelming desire to find refuge . " As conflict rages in the Middle East , over 130,000 people have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year -- 2,500 of these dying while attempting to cross the Mediterranean , according to the United Nations Refugee Agency . Jolie is not alone in her mission to save them . A wealthy philanthropist couple has backed her campaign , saying : "  The world needs to wake up to the scale of this crisis . " Now they 've put their money where their mouths are , launching a state-of-the-art rescue vessel -- inspired by the leader of the Vatican . Sea savior Introducing the "  Phoenix , " a 40-meter converted fishing trawler owned by Chris and Regina Catrambone ; a couple describing themselves as "  social entrepreneurs , " who make their money by running an insurance , emergency assistance , and intelligence company . Digging deep into their own pockets , they are spending $ 445,000 each month on the ship 's operating costs . The boat has so far helped over 2,000 migrants crossing the Mediterranean from North African shores -- believed to be the first privately-funded vessel ever to do so . It follows the Pope 's visit to the small island of Lampedusa -- where 366 migrants died in shipwreck last year -- where he criticized the "  global indifference " to the refugee crisis . Just a few weeks ago another migrant boat sank carrying 500 people near Malta , in one of the worst wrecks in the region . "  The words of the Pope , appealing to people to help with their skills , their ability , their free time -- we had to do something , " said Regina Catrambone , originally from Italy and now living in Malta with her American husband and daughter . "  When you see in the face of a seven-year-old child that they are safe on the boat -- there 's no price you can put on that . " While other ships celebrate their maiden voyage with a bottle of champagne , this hefty 483-ton boat was launched with holy water sprinkled by a priest . "  We are normal people that are wealthy , but we are far from millionaires , " said Regina , adding that the family choose to invest their money in human life , rather than making a profit . "  It 's a lot of time , and a lot of energy . But our belief and our faith is the big push . " Reality check The biggest wake-up call for the couple -- both in their 30s -- came while holidaying on board a luxury yacht in the Mediterranean last summer . "  I saw a winter jacket in the water , and I said to the captain , who is also a retired coast guard of Malta : ` Look is n't it strange , ' " said Regina . "  And his face became very sad , and he told me : ` The person who was wearing this jacket is not with us anymore . ' " The comment struck Regina like a lightning bolt -- "  it was like ` boom ! ' " she said . "  Here we were in this nice boat , when the migrants , people like us , are attempting to cross because there 's a war in their country . " Mission improbable ? If sending one boat to rescue hundreds of thousands of people seems naÃ ¯ ve , the project -- called Migrant Offshore Aid Station  MOAS  -- comes with serious credentials . Director of operations , Martin Xuereb , is the former chief of defense of the armed forces of Malta -- the body responsible for search-and-rescue in the area . Along with a crew of 16 , including two paramedics , the boat is equipped with two high-tech drones , a medical clinic , 1,000 liters of water , hundreds of life jackets , and food . "  The primary aim is to prevent the loss of life , not ferry migrants , " says the organization on its website . Once at sea , the Phoenix sends out drones equipped with camcorders to search for migrant boats . The MOAS team then reports back to the nearest authorities and awaits instructions and help . If necessary , it will offer life jackets , medical assistance , and evacuate refugees on board . Captain Filippo Marini , spokesman for the Italian Coastal Guard , would not comment on the merits of the Maltese-based mission , saying : " They are a resource but it 's not up to us to say if it 's an appropriate initiative . " The Maltese government was unable to provide a comment on the MOAS mission , despite numerous requests . After recently rescuing nearly 250 people -- including nearly 50 children -- from a leaking wooden boat , the Phoenix later transferred the migrants to an Italian navy ship , where they were taken to Italy and processed by authorities , they said in a statement "  They were Syrians and Palestinians , " said Xuereb . "  And talking to these people , one realizes they are fleeing from desperate times , " he said . "  There were doctors , teachers on board . These are people who , had the situation been different , would never have left their country . " Could a Hollywood star and "  Pope Boat " be the ones to save them ? Perhaps ... but their efforts are a drop in a very big ocean . Travel : Is it a bird ... or a desert boat ? Insight : Inside London 's $ 67m superyacht hotel	Angelina Jolie speaks to Syrian refugees at Malta naval base Thousands of migrants drown crossing Mediterranean Wealthy couple buy rescue boat inspired by Pope Francis High-tech vessel cruises sea looking for migrants in trouble
CNN  -- There is less of Roseanne Barr to love these days . Barr showed off her new svelte figure Tuesday at the NBCUniversal Summer Press Day . The comedic actress was there as part of her new gig as a judge on the network 's show "  Last Comic Standing . " Fans praised Barr for her new look and she responded by tweeting "  hey , THANK YOU GUYS SO MUCH FOR ALL OF THE NICE WORDS ABOUT MY WEIGHT LOSS ! I 'm inspired 2 keep going ! " Barr 's trim reveal comes weeks after her ex-husband , Tom Arnold , showed off his 90-pound weight loss . No competition we are sure as the pair have more than made up after a Twitter squabble a few months ago . Barr was most recently in the news after the parents of George Zimmerman announced they were suing her for allegedly tweeting their home address .	The actress showed off her new figure Tuesday She will be a judge in "  Last Comic Standing " Her ex has also lost a lot of weight
Greek politicians failed to forge a coalition government Wednesday after a leftist leader huddled separately with two of his counterparts who 've supported the austerity initiatives he opposes . Alexis Tsipras of Syriza met with Evangelos Venizelos of the socialist PASOK party and Antonis Samaras of center-right New Democracy a day after laying out a radical agenda he hopes to pursue if he becomes prime minister . Tsipras has until Thursday to form a government or admit defeat , but he faces an uphill task . "  At this stage there is no solution , " PASOK 's Venizelos said . "  But we must keep trying . " If no one can pull together a coalition and no national unity government can be formed by May 17 , Greece must call new elections . Tsipras is the second Greek politician to try to form a government after Sunday 's elections in which voters angry about tough government budget cuts punished the parties that made the cuts . His left-wing Syriza party came in second in the elections as seven parties won seats in parliament but no party captured more than 19 % of the vote . The New Democracy party placed first , but party leader Samaras gave up efforts to form a government Monday , the same day he received the mandate from President Karolos Papoulias to try to lead the country . If Syriza fails by Thursday , then it will be PASOK 's chance to form a coalition government . Venizelos has said that PASOK first will support a national unity government formed by pro-European parties . If that does n't happen , Venizelos said that PASOK would be willing to support a coalition formed of other parties as long as it would ensure Greece remains in the eurozone . Tsipras has called for the cancellation of the severe budget-cutting measures forced on the country by international lenders . Laws that cut pensions and salaries and those that "  cancel basic workers ' rights " must be annulled , Tsipras said . He also called for state control of the banks , which "  remain in the hands of the managers who bankrupted the system , " he said . The Greek people voted clearly to reject the austerity demanded by international lenders , Tsipras said . Tsipras called on Venizelos of PASOK and Samaras of New Democracy to renounce publicly the deal they made with international lenders . Tsiprias said they "  do n't have a majority any more to vote for the plundering of the Greek people . " Samaras said that the Syriza leader was doing everything possible to ensure no government would be formed . He said that Tsipras ' proposals would result in Greece exiting the eurozone , the group of 17 countries that use the common European currency . Communist Party leader Aleka Papariga spoke with Tsipras by phone but will not meet him , Syriza said . Fotis Kouvelis of the Democratic Left , which splintered from Syriza in 2010 , told Tsipras when they met that Syriza needed the support of more than just the left , Tsipras ' bloc said . The Ecologist Greens also rejected Syriza 's approach for support Tuesday , saying a road map to exit the crisis was needed . The Greek elections came the same day that French voters kicked out President Nicolas Sarkozy in favor of Socialist François Hollande , who spoke out against austerity in his victory speech . Syriza more than tripled its parliamentary representation to 51 seats out of 300 in the balloting Sunday . The election results were widely seen as a message to politicians to back away from the harsh economic austerity measures imposed in Greece . A European Commission spokeswoman said this week that Greece needs time to work through its political process but reminded the country 's leaders that they would be expected to abide by terms of a bailout program meant to avoid a crippling financial meltdown . "  The commission hopes and expects that the future government of Greece will respect the engagements that Greece has entered into , " spokeswoman Pia Ahrenkilde Hansen told reporters . New Democracy finished first in Sunday 's voting but ended up with only 108 seats in Greece 's 300-seat parliament . Voters also delivered a rebuke to PASOK -- New Democracy 's socialist partner in the outgoing coalition government -- stripping the party of 119 seats . Together , the parties fell short of the 50 % necessary to continue the coalition , requiring formation of a new government . Last year , Greece 's debt threatened to force it to drop Europe 's common currency , the euro , prompting the European Central Bank and other lenders to swoop in with emergency funding . In exchange , they demanded that the government slash spending . The resulting measures have led to tax increases and cuts in jobs , wages , pensions and benefits -- and significant public outcry . The national unemployment rate for January , the latest month for which figures are available , was nearly 22 % , prompting widespread protests and leading some young people to leave the country in search of work . Youth unemployment is even higher than the national average of one in five out of work . For two years , the country 's massive amount of debt has threatened the stability of the 17-country eurozone . Greece pushed through a huge debt swap in March to save it from disorderly default and clear the way for it to receive a second bailout from the European Union , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund , worth $ 130 billion  $ 171.5 billion  . The debt restructuring deal gave some breathing space to the eurozone bloc , where fears that Greece might collapse had increased pressure on other debt-laden nations such as Spain and Italy . The tribulations of New Democracy and PASOK were matched by triumphs of a number of other parties that were also-rans and in some cases nonexistent just a few years ago , propelled by voters angry about stringent austerity measures .	No coalition formed after Greek leftist leader meets with two counterparts Socialist PASOK leader says , "  At this stage there is no solution " Syriza leader Alexis Tsipras has until Thursday to come up with a coalition
Atlanta  CNN  -- An 87-year-old Georgia woman , who was found dead in Lake Oconee 10 days after the discovery of her husband 's headless body , appears to have been killed before being dumped in the lake . It 's the latest twist in a grisly case that has baffled authorities . Shirley Dermond did not drown but rather died from a "  blunt impact injury to the head , " Putnam County Coroner Gary McElhenney said Saturday . The coroner 's finding came a day after authorities pulled Dermond 's body from the lake about 80 miles east of Atlanta . McElhenney did not offer any further details about what might have been used to kill her before she was placed in the water or whether she suffered any additional trauma . The decapitated body of her husband , 88-year-old Russell Dermond , was discovered May 6 in the garage of the couple 's million-dollar waterfront home after friends went to check on them . From the beginning , investigators treated Dermond 's disappearance as an abduction . Her purse , cell phone and car were all still at home . Authorities believe she was taken from her home after her husband was killed , sometime between May 2 and May 4 . Investigators continue to search for Russell Dermond 's head , and they plan to look in the area where Shirley Dermond 's body was found , Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills has said . Authorities were alerted by two fishermen who spotted what they believed to be a body in the lake , five or six miles from the couple 's home . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	NEW : Shirley Dermond , 87 , did not drown , a coroner says Dermond 's body was found Friday in Lake Oconee Coroner : Her death a homicide , caused by "  blunt impact injury to the head " The woman was killed first , then her body was put in the lake
CNN  -- Famed evangelist Billy Graham , 92 , was being treated Wednesday at an Asheville , North Carolina , hospital for pneumonia following an overnight health episode , according to a spokesman . Graham was in good spirits and humor and signed all admission forms , spokesman A. Larry Ross said . Initial pulmonary testing suggested pneumonia , and further tests showed Graham 's heart was normal , Mission Hospital said . The minister , who lives in nearby Montreat , North Carolina , was reported to be in stable condition and fully alert . He was receiving antibiotics . No date was set for Graham 's release , but Ross said he hopes it will be soon . Graham had episodes of sweating and coughing overnight , according to Ross . The evangelist had a slight fever and difficulty breathing , but was not believed to be in an acute situation . The founder of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association has preached to millions over six decades , and has provided counsel to generations of U.S. presidents , beginning with President Harry S. Truman . Graham 's son , Franklin , was on a humanitarian mission in North Korea for Samaritan 's Purse , a relief and evangelism organization . Franklin Graham leads the evangelistic association and was not expected to return home because of his father 's illness . Daughter Anne Graham Lotz will continue a missionary trip to Israel , Ross said . The pastor expressed appreciation to the medical staff and hospital and had a large lunch because he missed breakfast , Ross said . Billy Graham has been hospitalized or treated for several ailments over the years , including head surgery , a fall , intestinal bleeding , prostate cancer and Parkinson 's disease . According to Ross , Graham has remained in good health overall . Age-related conditions -- including macular degeneration and hearing loss -- have kept Graham at home in recent years , but the evangelist is involved in writing projects , including a manuscript for a book about aging , Ross said . Graham 's wife , Ruth Bell Graham , died in 2007 . CNN 's Anna Rhett Miller contributed to this report .	NEW : Billy Graham in good spirits and humor , spokesman says Evangelist being treated at hospital in Asheville , North Carolina He is reported to be in stable condition and alert Spokesperson expects Billy Graham to go home soon
The family of a teenager who committed suicide after she was allegedly gang-raped and bullied is urging Canadian officials to reconsider filing criminal charges . Rehtaeh Parsons , a 17-year-old high school student from Halifax , Nova Scotia , was taken off life support on Sunday , three days after she tried to hang herself . Her family told CNN they met with Canadian justice officials on Wednesday and the officials assured them they would take a fresh look at filing charges . The teen was bullied for more than a year after the alleged sexual assault , which happened in November 2011 when she was 15 , her family said . Authorities confirmed that a photograph allegedly showing Parsons having sex with one of the boys was circulated to friends ' mobile phones and computers . As a result , her family said she developed suicidal thoughts . How to talk to your son about rape She also struggled emotionally after the police investigation ended without criminal charges , her mother , Leah Parsons , wrote on her Facebook tribute page . "  Rehtaeh is gone today because of the four boys that thought that raping a 15-year-old girl was OK and to distribute a photo to ruin her spirit and reputation would be fun , " her mother wrote . "  All the bullying and messaging and harassment that never let up are also to blame . Lastly , the justice system failed her . Those are the people that took the life of my beautiful girl . " How to help young rape victims Disseminating such a picture -- even if the sexual encounter was consensual -- is considered child pornography under Canadian law . However , a joint investigation by Royal Canadian Mounted Police and local authorities found "  insufficient evidence to proceed with charges , " according RCMP spokesman Cpl. Scott MacRae . "  There are factors in determining other than the picture itself ; ages , who sent the material , computers , so it 's complex , " MacRae said . "  We do understand people want the answers and the big question here is why was it done or why were n't there charges and we understand that . We 're not trying to deflect blame or not be accountable . " The Parsons family said they hope their story helps families going through the same pain . Her funeral will be Saturday , her mother said . Healing process after rape never ends	Family met with authorities who they say will take fresh look at case Rehtaeh Parsons , 17 , died Sunday after a suicide attempt last week Her family says she was bullied for more than a year after being gang-raped Although a photo of the alleged assault was distributed , no charges were filed
CNN  -- The PGA Tour has issued a denial over reports that American golfer Dustin Johnson is serving a suspension for failing a drugs test . World No. 16 Johnson said Thursday that he would be taking a break from the sport to seek "  professional help " to improve his mental health . It ruled him out of next week 's PGA Championship at Valhalla and the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles in Scotland , where he was expected to be a key member of the United States team . In the aftermath of his announcement , a published report on Golf.com made a series of allegations about his use of recreational drugs and claimed he had actually been banned from the Tour after testing positive for cocaine . In response , the PGA Tour issued a statement on its website . "  With regard to media reports that Dustin Johnson has been been suspended by the PGA Tour , this is to clarify that Mr. Johnson has taken a voluntary leave of absence and is not under a suspension from the PGA Tour , " the statement read . Johnson , who finished 12th at the British Open last month , paired on the final day with eventual winner Rory McIlroy , did not specify the exact length of his absence from golf in the statement released by his management company . "  I am taking a leave of absence from professional golf , effective immediately . I will use this time to seek professional help for personal challenges I have faced , " it read . "  By committing the time and resources necessary to improve my mental health , physical well-being and emotional foundation , I am confident that I will be better equipped to fulfill my potential and become a consistent champion . " THE PGA of America , which runs the PGA Championship and the U.S. Ryder Cup team , later confirmed his withdrawal from those to events . Reacting to the announcement Friday , U.S. Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson told the PGA website : "  We will certainly miss Dustin Johnson at Gleneagles , and we wish him the best . "  As one of the longest hitters in the game with an undefeated record of 3-0 at Medinah in 2012 , he has clearly been an asset for the United States team . That said , the United States is a team with an abundance of talent . " Tiger Woods added to his captain 's words . "  I 'll tell you what , with his power , you always want guys with that kind of power to play on any team . I 've been his partner in the Presidents Cup in Australia , and the fire power that he has , it 's pretty cool to be around , " said the 14-time major winner . "  It 's not too often you see a guy carry the ball 320  yards  without even trying , and then when he steps on it he can hit it even further . When he gets it going , it 's awfully impressive . " Johnson , who is currently ranked fifth in the standings of U.S. golfers would have almost certainly been an automatic pick for the Ryder Cup . The 30-year-old has won eight titles on the PGA Tour and is highly regarded by fans and fellow professionals for his big hitting game . Former U.S. Open champion and European Ryder Cup opponent Justin Rose also passed on his regards to his friend and colleague . "  I just wish him well , whatever he 's facing right now , " Rose said in quotes carried by UK news agency , the Press Association . "  It  ca n't be easy for him . I wish him all the best . He 's a friend of mine  but I  did n't really know that that was on the cards . " Johnson rounded off his statement by requesting privacy in the months ahead as he begins his time off . "  I respectfully ask my fans , well-wishers and the media for privacy as I embark upon this mission of self-improvement , " he said . Johnson had earlier pulled out of this week 's WGC-Bridgestone International at Firestone GC , Ohio , citing "  personal reasons . " That tournament was being led by Sergio Garcia after a third round 67 , which was interrupted by thunderstorms . On 14-under , the Spaniard was three clear of McIlroy , who is playing his first event since his British Open triumph . Defending champion Tiger Woods again struggled with a two-over-par 72 for one-over with a round to go .	PGA Tour issues denial over Dustin Johnson ban reports His break from golf ` voluntary ' says Tour Johnson announced Thursday he was facing ` personal challenges ' NEW : Sergio Garcia leading storm-hit WGC tournament in Ohio .
Smithville , Mississippi  CNN  -- Top federal officials voiced admiration and vowed cooperation Sunday after touring tornado-ravaged areas in Alabama and Mississippi , promising help to those who made it through this week 's storms as they reconstruct their lives and communities . "  They 're going to have to live and rebuild and recover , " Craig Fugate , the head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency , said in Birmingham . "  Give them the respect that they 're a survivor , not a victim . " Fugate was joined by several members of President Barack Obama 's Cabinet , including heads of the departments of homeland security , agriculture , and housing and urban development . They saw destruction in Birmingham , then headed west to Smithville , Mississippi , where 15 of the town 's less than 900 people perished due to the powerful twister . See photos of the devastation Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano explained that the group was diverse in order to best leverage the potential of the federal government , as it worked to help states , municipalities and ultimately individuals . She vowed that this effort will involve short-term fixes and a long-term committment in Alabama , Mississippi , Tennessee and other states hit the hardest . "  We will work  the affected  states as well , and those communities as well , to help them recover from this spring of storms -- and to come back strongly , " Napolitano said . About 148 devastating twisters Wednesday left a wide swath of death and destruction across 13 states . The death toll had climbed to 339 Sunday , according to emergency management officials in six of those states . On Sunday , some of those killed were laid to rest while others attended religious services , hoping to make sense of the calamity . iReport pictures from Tuscaloosa area A tornado demolished the Smithville Baptist Church in Mississippi . On Sunday , the church 's pastor Wes White urged several hundred congregants gathered under a tent not to lose hope , but to turn to Jesus , in the days and weeks to come . "  We were changed . Our world will never be the same . This moment will forever be etched in the forefront of all our imaginations , " White said . Hours later , the small town played host to Napolitano , Fugate and other members of the Obama administration . They noted that , despite the massive destruction , only 22 people are in shelters because most of those impacted were taken in by relatives , neighbors and fellow church members . This fact showed the strong community in Smithville and vicinity , but did not diminish the tremendous suffering and long-term challenges ahead , the officials said . Surgeon : ' I was just in shock ' "  When the Piggly Wiggly is not open , it 's real bad , folks , " Fugate said . "  It do n't get much worse ... This is going to be a tough recovery , but you are survivors . That 's why we 're here . " The administration officials said assistance will be offered -- and red tape circumvented -- to help with everything from patching roofs to aiding the local timber industry to rebuilding businesses . They urged those affected to phone FEMA at 1-800-621-3362 to get registered and learn about the process . In many communities , the struggle is daunting . Throughout Alabama -- the hardest-hit state -- the death toll Sunday morning was 250 and the number of injured was 2,219 , emergency management officials said . Nearly a half million customers in the state remained without power . Tuscaloosa Mayor Walter Maddox said his city , where at least 39 people have died , faces a "  humanitarian crisis . " Hundreds of people remain unaccounted for and many more have been rendered homeless , he said . Horror and hope in Tuscaloosa Rescuers and volunteers have descended on the area from near and far , canvassing neighborhoods looking for the missing and offering help to those who are staying near their devastated homes . "  We all got together and we wanted to help , " Lorinda Rodriguez-Mitchell told CNN on Sunday from near Tuscaloosa , where she was coordinating the collection and distribution of items like diapers , cereal and water . "  We 're just going down there to deliver food . Some people have been there 40 , 50 years and they 're not leaving . " In the Hispanic community , volunteer Martin Izaguirre said , many are afraid to go to shelters . He said some have told him , "  We are afraid we wo n't be welcomed in places where Spanish is not spoken . " While searchers fan out , some have taken a more high-tech approach . The University of Alabama 's Crimson White student newspaper is trying to track down some of Tuscaloosa 's missing using the #UAMissing hashtag on Twitter , said Hannah Mask , a former editor who has been working on the project . Hispanics struggle after storm "  It 's been really efficient , " she said , noting that the list of those unaccounted for seems to be decreasing . Damage to larger Alabama cities such as Birmingham and Tuscaloosa may have been greater than the damage suffered by smaller towns , but rural areas will likely have a harder time recovering , Red Cross spokeswoman Anita Foster said . "  In terms of suffering , these people have lost their loved ones , they 've lost their community . There are people who do n't have home to return to , " Foster said . She noted the sad response she received from one Hackleburg , Alabama , resident after asking her whether the town could recover . The woman simply shook her head , Foster said . CNN 's Rob Marciano , Martin Savidge , Raja Razek and Gustavo Valdes contributed to this report .	NEW : Several members of Barack Obama 's Cabinet tour Mississippi and Alabama NEW : FEMA 's chief says : "  This is going to be a tough recovery , but you are survivors " Searchers and volunteers are out , looking for missing and giving aid to survivors The University of Alabama 's student newspaper is trying to track down the missing
CNN  -- The Kellogg Co. announced Wednesday it is recommending that consumers not eat its peanut butter crackers because they may be tainted with salmonella . Salmonella bacteria are transmitted to humans by eating contaminated foods . The products affected are Austin - and Keebler-branded : -- Toasted peanut butter sandwich crackers . -- Peanut butter and jelly sandwich crackers . -- Cheese and peanut butter sandwich crackers . -- Peanut butter-chocolate sandwich crackers . The Michigan-based maker of cereals and snacks posted the recommendation in a statement on its Web site . Peanut butter produced by Peanut Corporation of America , one of several peanut butter suppliers to the company , has been linked to an outbreak of salmonella poisoning that has affected at least 434 people in 43 states , federal health officials said Wednesday . "  Kellogg Company 's investigation has not indicated any concerns , nor has the company received any consumer illness complaints about these products , " the Kellogg statement said . "  Nonetheless , Kellogg Company is taking precautionary measures including putting a hold on any inventory in its control , removing product from retail store shelves , and encouraging customers and consumers to hold and not eat these products until regulatory officials complete their investigation of PCA and Kellogg provides further information as to the resolution of this issue . " All of the company 's peanut-butter crackers are made at its bakery in Cary , North Carolina , said spokeswoman Kris Charles . Though consumers are urged "  to hold the product until we have more information , " Charles recommended anyone seeking a refund call 888.314.2060 for details about how to get one .	Some types of Austin - and Keebler-branded sandwich crackers affected One of its peanut butter suppliers has been linked to outbreak of salmonella Kellogg says warning is strictly precautionary ; no incidents of illness reported Outbreak of salmonella poisoning has affected at least 434 people in 43 states
CNN  -- A U.S. military strike in southern Somalia Sunday was targeting Ahmed Abdi Godane , the leader of Al-Shabaab , the Somali-based group with ties to al Qaeda , according to three US officials . A drone operated by the U.S. Defense Department fired a Hellfire missile at a vehicle killing those inside , the officials said . But as of Tuesday , the Pentagon was unable to confirm whether Godane was killed , although he was the intended target . The military was authorized to try to kill Godane because of current intelligence indicating he posed an "  imminent threat " against U.S. interests in the region , one official said . "  We have to be able to prove he was in the process of planning additional attacks , " the official said . The official would not elaborate on what the intelligence might be . The officials confirmed this information in response to questioning from CNN , but declined to speak on the record because of the sensitivity of the situation . Officially , the Pentagon has only described the target of Sunday 's strike as a "  senior leader " affiliated with al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab . Godane has been a driving force behind Al-Shabaab declaring its affiliation to al Qaeda and has pressed for the group to launch attacks beyond Somalia . In recent years , U.S. officials had considered Al-Shabaab to be diminished in strength , but after the attack at the Westgate shopping mall in Kenya last year , officials have worried the group has demonstrated a renewed capability . The U.S. still sees the limited Western presence in Somalia as a potential target for Al-Shabaab , but the concerns also focus on U.S. targets throughout the Horn of Africa , the official said . U.S. officials are waiting for DNA evidence as well as intelligence gathered from local Somalis on the ground before they can confirm Godane was in the vehicle and killed by the drone strike . Somali officials have said the man killed was Sahal Iskudhuq , an Al-Shabaab operative who was close to Godane and involved in planning attacks over the years . The latest strike comes after a failed raid last year by U.S. Navy SEALS aiming to capture a man known as Ikrimah , who U.S. officials said was a senior militant with ties to al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab . Bergen : How Al-Shabaab picks its targets Somalia warns telecom companies not to comply with Al-Shabaab Internet ban Ex-U.S. soldier accused of trying to join al Shabaab gets 7 years Syria , U.S. surveillance in focus in group 's annual rights report	Officials : Strike in Somalia targeted Al-Shabaab leader Ahmed Abdi Godane The Pentagon has not confirmed whether Godane was killed An October U.S. raid to capture an Al-Shabaab leader was aborted
CNN  -- He was one of a wave of American businessman to invest in an English Premier League club , but eight years down the line a weary Randy Lerner has beaten a retreat . Lerner completed a Â # 62.6 million  $ 105.7 million  takeover of Aston Villa from Doug Ellis back in 2006 -- one year after Malcolm Glazer won control of Manchester United , and one year before Tom Hicks and George Gillett bought Liverpool . Yet despite enjoying early success at Villa Park with the club securing three straight sixth-place finishes under former manager Martin O'Neill , the 52-year-old has had to watch on in recent seasons as the team have struggled in the bottom half of the table . The former owner of NFL team , the Cleveland Browns hinted last month that he was considering his position amid reports that a sale was imminent . And he confirmed Monday that he has "  engaged Bank of America Merrill Lynch to advise on the club 's sale " as he seeks a much-needed break from the world of football . "  I have come to know well that fates are fickle in the business of English football , " Lerner said in an official statement . "  The last several seasons have been week in , week out battles and having now come through this last season unfortunately limping amidst very meaningful injuries and constant sale rumors , I feel further that now is the time for me to look for new ownership and thus new leadership . " He added : "  On a personal level it is time for me , like the Shunammite , to dwell among my own and get on with other aspects of my career , following a sale . " Much of Villa 's success under O'Neill was aided by Lerner 's willingness to invest millions on new players , such as Ashley Young , James Milner and Stewart Downing . However , after ultimately being unable to break into the top four of the English Premier League and secure Champions League football , the American has had to embark on a cost-cutting program in recent seasons -- selling star players to rival clubs , including Young to Manchester United in 2011 and Milner to Manchester City in 2010 . The team 's decline has led to some criticism of both Lerner 's running of the club as well as the managers who have followed O'Neill -- Gerard Houllier , Alex McLeish and Paul Lambert . Lerner , though , is still grateful for the backing he has received from the majority of the club 's supporters , while he is hoping Villa will go from strength to strength after his departure . "  I am appreciative of the support I have received , even in these last years of comparative struggle when criticism was due , and will look on with others -- with fingers crossed , for stronger future performance appropriate to our size and heritage , " he said . Lerner added : "  Above all , the debt I owe Aston Villa whether as owner , chairman , custodian or simply as a fan is to put the club first . To make good on that debt , I owe it to Villa to move on , and look for fresh , invigorated leadership , if in my heart I feel I can no longer do the job . " While Lerner thanked Lambert for his efforts as manager since arriving in 2012 , he did not mention the Scot 's future . Lambert may be disposed by the new owners following a disappointing season that culminated with the club finishing 15th . Lerner 's likely asking price for the club will be in the region of Â # 200 million  $ 337.7 million  , according to reports in the British media .	Randy Lerner decides to put EPL side Aston Villa up for sale The American completed a takeover of the Midlands club in 2006 Lerner feels the time is right to take a break from football
Wired  -- High-tech sensors are everywhere . They alert us to spoiled food . They monitor our stress levels . And they 're blowing up in the health and fitness space , too , helping us track our key sleep and activity metrics . And now we have the Philips ErgoSensor Monitor , a desktop display that keeps an eye on one 's posture . The 24-inch LCD monitor uses a built-in CMOS sensor to determine your distance from the screen and your neck angle while sitting . The monitor works with software made by DigitalOptics Corporation , and , like a worried mother , will remind you to straighten your back , keep your distance from the display , and take breaks from sitting at the computer . According to Philips , the sensor measures your inter-pupillary distance -- the distance two pupils -- to determine whether you 're sitting at an optimal distance from the monitor . The system can also sense if your neck is inclined at a poor ergonomic angle , and will give you corrective feedback showing you the ideal angle position . And if you 've been sitting for too long , the built-in software will remind you to get up to take a break . We have n't seen a Philips ErgoSensor monitor in action yet , but if it does what it says , it could be valuable for consumers wanting a more ergonomic workstation . "  It 's an interesting concept and it certainly provides a potential value for timing and alerting people to take a break , " David Rempel , Director of the Ergonomics Program at UC Berkeley and Professor of Medicine at UCSF , told Wired . "  It may have value in terms of posture depending on how it measures neck angle and distance from the screen . " The design of the monitor itself is also ergonomically friendly . Philips dubs the base "  The SmartErgoBase " as it can be lowered to almost desk level , and allows users to tilt , rotate , swivel , and make angle adjustments to the screen . This is an important feature to include in the monitor , Rempel says : "  We know that if a monitor is set too high or too low , and a person has to work with their head in extension , it can lead to neck pain . " Rempel advises people to set their monitors so that it is at a 10 - to 20-degree angle below the horizon of their eyes . The eco-concsious can rest easy with this monitor , too . When you walk away from the screen , it will automatically detect that you 're no longer present and power itself down . The device is also made out of 65 % recycled plastics , and comes with a 0-watt hard switch that lets you cut power completely off from the monitor for zero power consumption . The monitor is available in the EU for 285 euros  about $ 375  . The company has not yet released a launch date or price for the United States . See the original article on WIRED Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	The monitor works with software made by DigitalOptics Corporation The sensor determines whether you 're sitting at an optimal distance from the monitor The device is made out of 65 % recycled plastics
CNN  -- Marussia driver Jules Bianchi underwent emergency surgery for a "  severe head injury " after crashing in the closing stages of Sunday 's Japanese Grand Prix . Lewis Hamilton won the typhoon-hit race to extend his title lead over second-placed Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg , but his victory was totally overshadowed by the accident to 25-year-old Frenchman Bianchi . With nine laps of the scheduled 53 remaining , the race was under a red flag after Adrian Sutil of Sauber crashed at turn eight of the Suzuka circuit . As Sutil 's car was being recovered , Bianchi 's Marussia careered off at the same place , plowing into the truck which was being used to remove Sutil 's car . Medical staff rushed to Bianchi 's aid and he was taken to the nearby Mie Prefectural General Medical Center by ambulance . Motorsport 's governing body , the FIA , later released a statement with an update on his condition . "  The CT scan shows that he has suffered a severe head injury and is currently undergoing surgery , " read the statement . "  Following this he will be moved to intensive care where he will be monitored . " Makoto Sakaeda , the official in charge of communication at the hospital , told CNN that the operation was complete and that Bianchi remained at the facility . Hamilton 's third straight victory stretched his advantage over Rosberg in the championship standings to 10 points with four rounds remaining Departing Sebastian Vettel got the better of Red Bull teammate Daniel Ricciardo in their own private battle for the final place on the podium . But at the presentations all the drivers ' thoughts were with Bianchi and the traditional champagne-spraying celebration did not take place . Typhoon Phanfone , which is sweeping across Japan , had led to fears the race might have to be abandoned and it started in heavy rain and behind the safety car . After just two laps it was suspended after drivers complained of the severely restricted visibility . When it restarted , it developed into a duel between pole sitter Rosberg and Hamilton . On lap 29 , a bold overtaking move by Hamilton saw him take a lead he never relinquished . As the race neared its finish and in fading light conditions worsened , with Germany 's Sutil aquaplaning across the track before going into the barriers . Sutil was out of his car when he witnessed Bianchi 's crash . "  I had a spin and ended up in the wall , " he said . "  I stood up and they tried to rescue the car . Jules was in the same area and lost the car . I have no more information . We are all aware of the situation . Hopefully he is in good hands , " AFP reported . Rosberg summed up the mood of the paddock as he spoke at the podium presentation . "  I 'm not thinking about the race -- I 'm thinking about my colleague . I 'm hoping for the best , " said the German . The 25-year Bianchi , from Nice , is rated one of the most promising young drivers on the circuit , giving minnows Marussia its first points with a brilliant ninth place in the Monaco Grand Prix earlier this year . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Euan McKirdy contributed to this report .	Lewis Hamilton wins weather-hit Japanese Grand Prix Jules Bianchi suffers "  severe " head injury after late crash Race concludes under a red flag after 44 of 53 laps Effects of Typhoon Phanfone left a wet Suzuka circuit
CNN  -- A doctor at a top New York hospital is accused of using a small "  pen " camera clipped to a newspaper to record video up a woman 's skirt on a Manhattan subway line , authorities said Friday . Urologist Adam Levinson , 39 , has been charged with unlawful surveillance in the second degree after being arraigned Thursday . His bail was set at $ 5,000 cash , and he could get up to four years in prison , prosecutors said . "  No , this can not be happening right in front of my face , " said Sheldon Birthwright , 46 , who said he witnessed the transgression on a southbound 4 train . "  He was holding the paper , moving his hand very slightly around as a woman was standing in front of him and looking around like he was trying to see if anybody was watching , " he added . "  Every time she would move , he would move . " Birthwright , a former Transportation Security Administration employee , followed Levinson off the train when it stopped at the 14th Street Station at Union Square . He said he followed Levinson , who was following another woman up a flight of stairs to another platform , and then informed police . Authorities say the pen camera 's memory revealed multiple images of a woman . Levinson works at Manhattan 's Mount Sinai Medical Center , which suspended him as authorities investigate and as the hospital conducts its own investigation , according to hospital spokesman Ian Michaels . Levinson 's attorney , Eugene B. Nathanson , could not be reached for comment . The next court date is set for October 15 .	Doctor accused of using "  pen " camera to record video up a woman 's skirt Urologist Adam Levinson , 39 , charged with unlawful surveillance Bail set at $ 5,000 cash , and he could get four years in prison , prosecutors said Levinson 's attorney could not be reached for comment
CNN  -- A Georgia man was killed and his daughter critically injured Sunday when an airplane struck them as they walked along a Florida beach . Sarasota County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Wendy Rose said Venice Municipal Airport officials reported a plane in distress Sunday afternoon . The pilot of a 1972 Piper Cherokee radioed that he would be unable to make it back to the airport and that he was instead going to attempt a landing on Caspersen Beach , just to the south . The plane landed and hit Ommy Irizarry , 36 , and his daughter , Oceana , 9 , about 2:45 p.m. , according to a statement from the Federal Aviation Administration . Irizarry died on the scene . His daughter was airlifted to All Children 's Hospital and is believed to be in critical condition , according to the sheriff 's office . "  The dad looked very bad , " witness Zack Arceneaux told CNN affiliate Bay News 9 . "  They were performing CPR on him . He had blood on his face . It looked like he was n't breathing at all . " "  It 's the last thing you 'd expect , " Arceneaux said to CNN affiliate WTSP . "  I did n't hear anything . Actually I thought the motor must 've went out . I did n't hear anything . Figured , maybe it ran out of fuel and just hit them and they were n't ready . " The pilot , Karl Kokomoor and his passenger , David Theen , were uninjured . Both are from Englewood , Florida . The National Transportation Safety Board and the FAA are investigating . Pilot jumps from his own damaged plane CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report	NEW : Witness : "  I did n't hear anything . ... I thought the motor must 've went out " Small plane ditches onto Florida beach , killing a man and injuring his daughter The pilot radioed that he was unable to make it back to the airport Daughter , 9 , airlifted to hospital
CNN  -- Legendary India batsman Sachin Tendulkar created yet another piece of cricket history on Tuesday , becoming the first player to score 15,000 Test match runs . Tendulkar reached the milestone with a single on day three of the first Test between India and West Indies in Delhi . The right-hander , known as the "  Little Master " , finished the day 33 not out on 15,005 career runs . After making his debut for India against Pakistan in November 1989 , Tendulkar became Test cricket 's leading run-scorer in 2008 when he surpassed West Indies ' batsman Brian Lara 's total of 11,953 . The 38-year-old will be hoping to pass another landmark figure in the final two days of the Delhi contest and become the first player to score 100 centuries in international cricket . The Mumbai native scored his 99th international 100 against South Africa at this year 's World Cup , which hosts India won for the second time in the tournament 's 36-year history . India finished day three on 152-2 , needing 124 runs to overhaul the West Indies ' two-innings total of 484 and clinch victory in the opening match of the three-Test series . Debutant Ravichandran Ashwin was the host 's star performer , taking six wickets for 47 runs to match the second-best performance from an Indian bowler in their debut Test match . India will resume on Wednesday with Tendulkar at the crease alongside Rahul Dravid , who is the second-highest run-scorer in the history on Test cricket on 12,859 . Meanwhile , another cricket legend announced his return to the sport on Tuesday , with former Australian spin-bowler Shane Warne coming out of retirement to play in the country 's Twenty20 league . Warne took 708 Test wickets during a 15-year career before initially retiring from cricket in 2007 , only to return to play for the Rajasthan Royals in the Indian Premier League  IPL  in 2008 . Sri Lanka 's Muttiah Muralitharan is the only bowler to have taken more Test wickets than Warne with 800 . Warne will play for the Melbourne Stars in the eight-team Big Bash League which is set to get underway next month . "  This is something that I 'm passionate about , it 's something that I think is unique to Australian cricket , it 's city-based cricket teams , it 's something new and that 's what sort of enticed me , " the 42-year-old told Cricket Australia 's website . "  More to get involved with Cricket Australia , to put something back into the game , to help out Whitey  Stars captain Cameron White  , Shippy  Stars coach Greg Shipperd  , all the young kids that are there to pass on my knowledge to them . " The right-armer also denied his return to the game was motivated by money . "  It 's got nothing to do with money , " insisted Warne . "  If it was something to do with money about me coming out to play cricket I 'd still be playing in the IPL . " Stars president Eddie McGuire revealed the Melbourne Cricket Ground-based team had initially approached Warne to make two guest appearances for the side , before he agreed to play for the whole campaign . "  This was sincere , " said McGuire . "  We were happy to pay the money for two games and we 're very happy to pay for the full eight  matches  . " Warne will make his first appearance for Melbourne against Sydney Thunder on December 17 .	India 's Sachin Tendulkar becomes the first cricketer to score 15,000 Test runs Tendulkar achieved the feat on day three of India 's Test match against West Indies The 38-year-old will be hoping to score his 100th international century Australian Shane Warne comes out of retirement to play Twenty20 for Melbourne Stars
MANCHESTER , New Hampshire  CNN  -- If you listen to inventor Dean Kamen , the biggest health problem facing the world today is not AIDS , obesity or malnutrition . It 's a shortage of water . Dean Kamen hopes to tackle the world 's fresh water shortage with the Slingshot , a water purifying device . Water is the most abundant resource on the planet , yet less than one percent of the Earth 's freshwater supply is readily available to drink , according to the World Health Organization . Lack of accessible or clean drinking water , exacerbated by drought , is crippling communities in many developing countries . "  In your lifetime , my lifetime , we will see water be a really scarce , valuable commodity , " Kamen says . Those are scary words from the man whose creations include the Segway personal motorized scooter and the Luke  as in Skywalker  prosthetic arm . But the forward-thinking inventor and his team at DEKA Research in Manchester , New Hampshire , are n't sitting around waiting for the world 's wells to dry up . They 've been working on an invention they say can tap into 97 percent of the world 's undrinkable water . It 's called the Slingshot , and it 's a portable , low energy machine that is designed to purify water in remote villages where there 's not a Wal-Mart in sight . The device takes its name from a well-known story . "  We believe the world needs a slingshot to take care of its Goliath of a problem in water , " Kamen says . "  So we decided to build a small machine and give it to the little Davids . " Perhaps you 've heard about the Slingshot , which Kamen has been working on for more than 10 years . Over that time it has turned dirty river water , ocean water and even raw sewage into pure drinking water . Kamen says it can turn anything that looks wet , or has water in it , into the "  stuff of life . " The magic behind the Slingshot is a "  vapor compression distiller " that stands between what looks like two empty fish tanks connected by a couple of hoses . One tank contains the contaminated liquid , the other is for the newly clean water . Watch Kamen demonstrate the Slingshot " The Slingshot boils , distills and vaporizes the polluted source , in turn delivering nothing but clean water to the other side . And it does it all on less electricity than it takes to run a hair dryer . In summer 2006 , Kamen delivered two Slingshots to the small community of Lerida in Honduras . They were used for a month and Kamen says everything ran as planned . "  The machine worked very well down there , taking virtually any water that the people from that village brought to us , " he says . "  All the water that we got from the machine was absolutely pure water . " But there 's a problem . Kamen says each Slingshot costs his company several hundred thousand dollars to build . He 's looking to partner with companies and organizations to distribute Slingshots around the world , but says a little more engineering work needs to be done in order to lower the production costs . Kamen says the company would like to get the price down to about $ 2,000 per machine . "  The biggest challenge right now between this being a dream and a reality is getting committed people that really care about the state of the world 's health to get involved , " Kamen says . The world 's population is quickly approaching 7 billion , making access to clean water that much more important . According to the World Health Organization and UNICEF , more than 3.5 million people die every year from water-related diseases and almost 900 million do n't have access to a safe water supply . Kamen says people in developing regions of the world need the Slingshot as soon as possible . He also thinks the problem with polluted water will spread beyond small villages . He says one Slingshot machine can supply about 250 gallons of water a day , which is enough for 100 people . That 's a lot of Davids . "  It is literally like turning lead into gold , " he says . "  But I believe it 's more important , because you ca n't drink lead or gold . "	Segway inventor Dean Kamen wants to tackle the world 's fresh water shortage Kamen has designed a portable water purifying device called a Slingshot The machine is designed to purify water in remote villages of developing nations But assembly costs remain too high for the machine to be mass produced
As Secretary of State Hillary Clinton continues high-level talks with Mexico 's leaders this week , her comments about responsibility in the U.S.-Mexico drug trade have struck a chord with officials familiar with U.S. anti-drug efforts . Mexican federal police have been deployed openly in Ciudad Juarez , which borders El Paso , Texas . Clinton said the United States ' "  inability to prevent weapons from being illegally smuggled across the border " was a major contributor in Mexican violence along the border . She went on to say that the United States has "  a co-responsibility . " In an interview Wednesday on "  American Morning " with CNN anchor John Roberts , former Drug Enforcement Agency special agent Robert Strang talked about the three-pronged approach needed to curb drug use in America and the need to bust distribution rings . Strang is also CEO of Investigative Management Group . The following transcript has been edited for brevity and clarity : John Roberts , CNN anchor : Everybody 's blaming Mexico for -LSB- the U.S. drug trade -RSB- , but the secretary of state yesterday said , ` Hey , the United States shares a lot of the blame because of the pent-up demand here , the insatiable demand for drugs . ' Do you agree with her ? Watch Clinton say , "  We have to do a better job " " Robert Strang , former DEA special agent : Let 's face it , the average first drug use is 12 years old in our country . That means kids that are in the sixth grade are trying drugs for the first time . Marijuana , cocaine , heroin , methamphetamine , all these drugs are coming across the border because we demand them . We have the cash to pay for them , and we really are pretty much the No. 1 consumer in the world for these drugs . Roberts : Is the United States doing enough to try to curb demand ? The Office of National Drug Control Policy , I do n't remember much coming out of it during the Bush administration , and I have n't seen anything come out of it in the Obama administration . Strang : We 're trying all the time . I 'm on the board for D.A.R.E. America , and that is teaching kids about the dangers of drugs and violence in schools . And constantly , we 're trying to get money federally for this program and police officers go into the school . They teach the kids . It 's a wonderful program in those trouble years , the fourth , fifth and sixth grade especially , and we need to have a little bit more money in this area . amFIX : React to Strang 's comments about U.S. anti-drug effort There 's three things , John : It 's treatment , it 's enforcement and it 's education . And it 's like a three-legged stool . If all three things do n't work , it 's going to fall down . So , we can send all of the agents in the world down to the border . We can seize all the coke , heroin , methamphetamine that we want . If we do n't have treatment on demand , and if we 're not educating our kids in our country about the dangers of drugs , the problem 's going to grow . Roberts : When you see the Department of Homeland Security prepared to spend these hundreds of millions of dollars on border security , what do you think ? Strang : I 'm happy that they 're doing something . This is a small piece of the enforcement operation . The best thing to do is like the case that we saw three weeks ago , when the DEA announced 750 arrests involving 250 cities between Mexico and the United States , mostly in the U.S. , this huge distribution network . Because when you dismantle those networks that constantly are putting drugs from the cartels to the street , when you can put those guys in jail , when you take their assets , then you have an impact . Watch how drugs from Mexico enter U.S. " Roberts : But would you like to see them take some of that money , and you know , they take , I think , what , $ 700 million , and they throw it at the border . Would you like to see them take some of that money , maybe even just a fraction of it , and throw it into prevention programs ? Strang : Absolutely . Instead of going to some of the financial institutions , I 'd like to see it go for the drug problem . I 'd like to see enforcement , treatment and prevention . I 'd like it to be evenly divided , and I really think we could have an impact on the problem . We 've got to look at this a different way . And I think that it 's a combination of these things , and we 're moving in that direction . Let 's hope that we make some headway here .	Robert Strang , former DEA special agent , says drug use starts as early as 12 Strang : "  We can send all of the agents in the world , " but border patrol not enough Money aimed at financial institutions should go to prevention programs , Strang says
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- In a statement read on a syndicated radio show Thursday , Atlanta-based megachurch pastor Eddie Long denied he had coerced young male church members into sex , as alleged in three lawsuits filed against him . "  I have been through storms and my faith has always sustained me , " Long , pastor of the 25,000-member New Birth Missionary Baptist Church said in the statement , read by attorney Craig Gillen on the "  Tom Joyner Morning Show . " "  I am anxious to respond directly to these false allegations , and I will do so . However , my lawyers counseled patience at this time . " "  Let me be clear : The charges against me and New Birth are false , " the statement said . "  I have devoted my life to helping others and these false allegations hurt me deeply , but my faith is strong and the truth will emerge . " Long asked for patience "  as we continue to categorically deny each and every one of these ugly charges " and requested prayers for himself , his family and the church . He said he will respond to his congregation from the pulpit on Sunday . Later Thursday , Long posted a message on Twitter reading , "  Thanks for all your prayers and support ! Love you all . " "  These false allegations are an attack on Bishop Long personally , " Gillen said . "  They are an attack on New Birth , the entire church and all of its 25,000 good people who attend that church , and it 's an attack on the mentoring program that has helped thousands of young men . It is deeply , deeply unfortunate that these allegations have been made . They will be met . " Gillen was interviewed by Roland Martin , a syndicated columnist and CNN political analyst , during Martin 's segment on the Joyner show . Gillen said he is to blame for Long 's failure to appear on the radio show as scheduled . Asked about a Thursday press conference that was also canceled , Gillen said he thought the matter was a misunderstanding , as he had never committed to a press conference . "  That 's my call , " he told Martin regarding the interview and press conferences being canceled . "  In assessing the situation , no lawyer likes to have his client in a situation where ... charges are made and the lawyer does n't have control . " Attorney B.J. Bernstein , who represents the three men named in the lawsuits , said Long sent two photos of himself wearing tight shirts to a fourth man not named in the litigation . She said it was an example of inappropriate conduct . Gillen defended the photos during an interview with an Atlanta radio station Thursday . "  The photos do n't corroborate these charges , " Gillen said on V-103 's "  Frank and Wanda Morning Show . " " -LSB- Long -RSB- is a health advocate , he 's a weight-lifter . He 's a fellow who 's gon na go to work and he 's gon na have on a muscle shirt . And you know he may show up in church in a muscle shirt . There 's nothing really in those photographs that seems to me corroborative of these allegations . " Long 's supporters stressed he has been a mentor and guiding force for young men . A YouTube video shot at New Birth shows Long talking with a man who gives a testimonial about turning away from a life of crime . The unidentified man points to Long and said he "  has always been my dad when I did n't have a dad . " Long spokesman Art Franklin said the video shows the kind of spiritual impact Long has had on young men . The third lawsuit joined two that were filed on Tuesday , all of them in DeKalb County , Georgia . It was brought on behalf of Jamal Parris , now 23 , who like the others was a teenager when he joined Long 's church . The suit , which claims Long encouraged Parris to call him "  Daddy , " also names the church and Long 's LongFellows Youth Academy as defendants . The new lawsuit gives intimate details about Parris and his alleged relationship with Long . Parris joined New Birth in 2001 , when he was 14 . Long counseled Parris when the latter talked about his strained relationship with his father and got him a job as a summer camp counselor at the church , the suit states . The suit claims Long engaged in sexual acts with Parris . The young man eventually became a church employee and served as personal assistant to Long and traveled with him , the suit says . The pastor continued to engage in sexual activity with Parris and gave him money , trips and gifts , the suit says . It says Parris left the church in late 2009 , "  disillusioned , confused and angry about his relationship with Defendant Long . " The bishop manipulated and deceived Parris into thinking that the acts were a "  healthy component of his spiritual life , " the suit states . The allegations are similar to those contained in the Tuesday suits , filed on behalf of Anthony Flagg , now 21 , and Maurice Murray Robinson , now 20 . All three contend the LongFellows Youth Academy and New Birth knew or should have known of Long 's behavior and that they failed to warn the young men . The lawsuits describe LongFellows as an offshoot of New Birth . Bernstein has alleged Long had a pattern of using his position as a spiritual authority and bishop to coerce young male members and employees of the church into sex . CNN was the first to report on the lawsuits . But "  this church and this bishop have been devoted to giving to the community and giving back to young men , " Gillen said Thursday . Long is considered one of the nation 's top African-American preachers . His church was the site of Coretta Scott King 's 2006 funeral , attended by then-President George W. Bush and three former presidents . King was the widow of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . The three men claim Long took them on overnight trips to various locations within the United States and beyond , sharing a room and engaging in sexual contact with them , including massaging , masturbation and oral sex . Bernstein , who represents Parris , Flagg and Robinson , said Wednesday that the youths ' accounts are "  really strong . " She said she has worked with sexual abuse victims and finds the two believable because of "  the emotion . The intensity . The very strong description of what sexual acts occurred . ... This is not just someone giving a vague thing , ` Oh , yeah , one time he did this , ' or a couple of times . " Gillen noted that Robinson was charged in connection with a June burglary of Long 's office , and said he is attempting to get tapes that have been turned over to the district attorney 's office . Bernstein said Wednesday that about $ 100,000 worth of items were taken , including black diamonds . She said the theft stemmed from Robinson 's anger at Long and was an attempt to retaliate against him . Asked the motive for the suits , Gillen said , "  Let me put it this way . What is the motive of someone putting a ski mask over their face and breaking into your office to steal things ? Money . " He said the suits , "  without a single piece of corroborating evidence ,  have  ignited a firestorm against this good man . " Long spokesman Franklin told CNN Wednesday the church employs many young people , and numerous people travel with Long . Gillen said the young men are taken on such trips to expose them to cultures and diversity they might not otherwise have the opportunity to experience . Asked how she can prove that sexual contact took place , Bernstein said Wednesday , "  I am ready to put them under oath . Bishop Long can spend money on the best attorneys in this world , and they can question those young men , and then I 'll get to question the bishop , and then we 'll really see what 's going on . " Long frequently denounces homosexual behavior . A 2007 article in the Southern Poverty Law Center 's magazine called him "  one of the most virulently homophobic black leaders in the religiously based anti-gay movement . " The suits allege that Long chose the plaintiffs to be his "  Spiritual Sons , " a program that allegedly includes other young men from the church . "  Spiritual Sons are taken on public and private jets to U.S. and international destinations , housed in luxury hotels and given access to numerous celebrities including entertainment stars and politicians , " the suit alleges . Flagg 's suit says that Long presided over a spiritual "  covenant " ceremony between the two of them . Bernstein described it as "  essentially a marriage ceremony , with candles , exchange of jewelry and biblical quotes . " The lawsuits are seeking unspecified amounts of punitive damages from Long on various counts , ranging from negligence to breach of fiduciary duty . CNN 's John Murgatroyd and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	On Twitter , Eddie Long expresses thanks for prayers , support Attorney says photos of pastor in tight shirts does n't corroborate allegations In statement , Long denies allegations in lawsuits Attorney says suits are an attack on Long and his church
New York  CNN  -- A blind man and his black Lab service dog fell onto subway tracks and escaped injury Tuesday after an alert Metropolitan Transportation Authority employee instructed them to duck ahead of an oncoming train . The incident happened around 9:30 a.m. at the 125th Street station in Harlem , according to Marisa Baldeo , spokeswoman for the MTA . The blind man , identified by CNN affiliate NY1 as Cecil Williams , was walking on the subway platform with his service dog when witnesses describe him slipping and falling onto the tracks . "  I heard a man say ` Oh no ! , ' and I heard him fall into the train tracks , " witness Danya Guiterez told CNN affiliate WPIX . "  I was in shock and everyone ran towards him , but no one went in the train tracks . " A nearby MTA employee , described by Baldeo as a construction flagger , jumped into action and tried to calm the man . The MTA employee instructed Williams to lie still between the subway rails and not try and climb out as a northbound "  A " train quickly approached the station , according to Baldeo . Customers standing on the platform attempted to alert the conductor , according to a statement from the MTA . The conductor applied the brakes when he noticed Williams on the tracks , but the train came to a stop only after one and a half cars went over the man and his dog . Firefighters Ralph Costello , George Gerrish and Spencer Presume arrived on scene and noticed Williams was underneath the second subway car but not pinned . They jumped onto the tracks and removed him by a backboard . They said the man was just semicoherent and only managed to give his name and ask about his service dog , which was also safe and uninjured . He said little else , according to a Fire Department of New York press release . "  It 's a miracle , " Williams ' girlfriend , who only wished to only give her first name , Cynthia , told CNN affiliate NY . Cynthia told NY1 that Williams fainted and fell over into the tracks but was expected to be fine . "  He 's doing great , " Cynthia said . "  He 's on observation . I 'm very grateful to God . " Cynthia added that Williams ' dog , who she identified as 10-year-old Orlando , was OK and going home with her .	A blind man and his dog falls onto the tracks in a Harlem subway station A northbound "  A " train rapidly approaches the endangered duo A Metropolitan Transportation Authority employee instructs them to duck Girlfriend of blind man on his survival : "  It 's a miracle ! "
CNN  -- When does learning begin ? As I explain in the talk I gave at TED , learning starts much earlier than many of us would have imagined : in the womb . I was surprised as anyone when I first encountered this notion . I 'm a science writer , and my job is to trawl the murky depths of the academic journals , looking for something shiny and new -- a sparkling idea that catches my eye in the gloom . Starting a few years ago , I began noticing a dazzling array of findings clustered around the prenatal period . These discoveries were generating considerable excitement among scientists , even as they overturned settled beliefs about when we start absorbing and responding to information from our environment . As a science reporter -- and as a mother -- I had to find out more . This research , I discovered , is part of a burgeoning field known as "  fetal origins , " and it 's turning pregnancy into something it has never been before : a scientific frontier . Obstetrics was once a sleepy medical specialty , and research on pregnancy a scientific backwater . Now the nine months of gestation are the focus of intense interest and excitement , the subject of an exploding number of journal articles , books , and conferences . What it all adds up to is this : much of what a pregnant woman encounters in her daily life -- the air she breathes , the food and drink she consumes , the chemicals she 's exposed to , even the emotions she feels -- are shared in some fashion with her fetus . They make up a mix of influences as individual and idiosyncratic as the woman herself . The fetus treats these maternal contributions as information , as what I like to call biological postcards from the world outside . By attending to such messages , the fetus learns the answers to questions critical to its survival : Will it be born into a world of abundance , or scarcity ? Will it be safe and protected , or will it face constant dangers and threats ? Will it live a long , fruitful life , or a short , harried one ? The pregnant woman 's diet and stress level , in particular , provide important clues to prevailing conditions , a finger lifted to the wind . The resulting tuning and tweaking of the fetus 's brain and other organs are part of what give humans their enormous flexibility , their ability to thrive in environments as varied as the snow-swept tundra in Siberia and the golden-grassed savanna in Africa . The recognition that learning actually begins before birth leads us to a striking new conception of the fetus , the pregnant woman and the relationship between them . The fetus , we now know , is not an inert blob , but an active and dynamic creature , responding and adapting as it readies itself for life in the particular world it will soon enter . The pregnant woman is neither a passive incubator nor a source of always-imminent harm to her fetus , but a powerful and often positive influence on her child even before it 's born . And pregnancy is not a nine-month wait for the big event of birth , but a crucial period unto itself -- "  a staging period for well-being and disease in later life , " as one scientist puts it . This crucial period has become a promising new target for prevention , raising hopes of conquering public health scourges like obesity and heart disease by intervening before birth . By "  teaching " fetuses the appropriate lessons while they 're still in utero , we could potentially end vicious cycles of poverty , infirmity and illness and initiate virtuous cycles of health , strength and stability . So how can pregnant women communicate to their fetuses what they need to know ? Eat fish , scientists suggest , but make sure it 's the low-mercury kind -- the omega-three fatty acids in seafood are associated with higher verbal intelligence and better social skills in school-age children . Exercise : research suggests that fetuses benefit from their mothers ' physical activity . Protect yourself from toxins and pollutants , which are linked to birth defects and lowered IQ . Do n't worry too much about stress : research shows that moderate stress during pregnancy is associated with accelerated infant brain development . Seek help if you think you might be suffering from depression : the babies of depressed women are more likely to be born early and at low birth weight , and may be more irritable and have more trouble sleeping . And -- my favorite advice -- eat chocolate : it 's associated with a lower risk of the high blood pressure condition known as preeclampsia . When we hold our babies for the first time , we imagine them clean and new , unmarked by life , when in fact they have already been shaped by the world , and by us . It 's my privilege to share with the TED audience the good news about how we can teach our children well from the very beginning . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Annie Murphy Paul .	Learning begins in the womb , says Annie Murphy Paul Pregnancy is becoming a scientific frontier , in a field known as "  fetal origins , " she says Eating fish , exercising , even eating chocolate are all good for the fetus , says Paul Moderate stress during pregnancy is good for infant brain development , she says
CNN  -- New York brokerage firm Cantor Fitzgerald confirmed Tuesday that it has agreed to settle with American Airlines for $ 135 million in a lawsuit seeking damages from the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . The settlement was announced on Friday , but the amount was not released until Tuesday . "  For the insurance companies , this was just another case , just another settlement , but not for us , " Howard W. Lutnick , Cantor Fitzgerald 's chairman and CEO , said in a statement . "  We could never , and will never , consider it ordinary . For us , there is no way to describe this compromise with inapt words like ordinary , fair or reasonable . All we can say is that the legal formality of this matter is over . " In 2004 , Cantor Fitzgerald filed a lawsuit seeking $ 1 billion in damages from American Airlines . The firm claimed that American Airlines was negligent by failing to detect the hijackers , permitting them to board and hijack the airplane . The firm claimed the negligence resulted in business interruption losses and the destruction of its office and corporate property . Cantor Fitzgerald lost 658 employees when American Airlines Flight 11 crashed into its top-floor offices in the World Trade Center 's North Tower . "  American Airlines and the courageous crew members and passengers on Flight 77 and Flight 11 were all victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . American has vigorously defended itself in litigation brought against it by property owners and their insurers who allege that American should have done what the government could not do : prevent the terrorist attacks , " American Airlines said in a statement . The settlement still needs to be approved by the judge , which is scheduled for January 13 . "  Our insurers have agreed to settle the claims by Cantor Fitzgerald . Although this settlement ends these particular legal disputes , American will forever honor the memory of the true victims and selfless heroes of 9/11 , " American Airlines said . CNN 's Elizabeth Landers contributed to this report .	Cantor Fitzgerald lost 658 employees in the World Trade Center on 9/11 The brokerage firm sued American Airlines , whose Flight 11 plowed into its offices The firm and airline settled the $ 1 billion lawsuit for $ 135 million
CNN  -- Husbands are allowed to slap their wives if they spend lavishly , a Saudi judge said recently during a seminar on domestic violence , Saudi media reported Sunday . It is OK to slap Saudi women who spend too much , a judge has told an audience . Arab News , a Saudi English-language daily newspaper based in Riyadh , reported that Judge Hamad Al-Razine said that "  if a person gives SR 1,200 -LSB- $ 320 -RSB- to his wife and she spends 900 riyals -LSB- $ 240 -RSB- to purchase an abaya -LSB- the black cover that women in Saudi Arabia must wear -RSB- from a brand shop and if her husband slaps her on the face as a reaction to her action , she deserves that punishment . " Women in the audience immediately and loudly protested Al-Razine 's statement , and were shocked to learn the remarks came from a judge , the newspaper reported . Arab News reported that Al-Razine made his remark as he was attempting to explain why incidents of domestic violence had increased in Saudi Arabia . He said that women and men shared responsibility , but added that "  nobody puts even a fraction of blame " on women , the newspaper said . Al-Razine "  also pointed out that women 's indecent behavior and use of offensive words against their husbands were some of the reasons for domestic violence in the country , " it added . Domestic violence , which used to be a taboo subject in the conservative kingdom , has become a hot topic in recent years . Groups like the National Family Safety Program have campaigned to educate the public about the problem and help prevent domestic abuse . Saudi women 's rights activist Wajeha Al-Huwaider told CNN that Saudi women routinely face such attitudes . "  This is how men in Saudi Arabia see women , " she said in a telephone interview from the Saudi city of Dahran . "  It 's not something they read in a book or learned from a friend . They 've been raised to see women this way , that they 're less than a person . " Al-Huwaider added that "  I 'm not surprised to see a judge or a religious man saying that - they 've been raised in the same culture - a culture that tells them it 's ok to raise your hand to a woman that this works . " Another Saudi judge , in the city of Onaiza , was the source of a separate recent controversy : he twice denied a request from the mother of an 8-year-old girl that the girl be granted a divorce from her 47-year-old husband . Last month , after human-groups condemned the union , the girl was granted the divorce .	Husbands allowed to slap their wives if they spend lavishly , Saudi judge says Women in the audience immediately and loudly protested his speech Newspaper reports judge was trying to explain increase in domestic violence
CNN  -- Out of the mouths of politicians comes a new lingo , especially during a high-stakes presidential election year . Thanks to the Democrat and Republican smooth talking contenders , voters are being treated to a refreshed vocabulary . Sometimes a slip or sometimes a calculation , some words and expressions uttered by the candidates have proved so memorable that wordsmiths and wisecracks rush to the Internet to stake out a new website or social media handle to capitalize on the moment . Which brings us to the first entry in today 's political parlance : "  Binders full of women " Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney uttered this phrase while thinking fast on his feet , in response to a voter 's question during the second presidential debate . Discussing how he tried to bring women into his cabinet while governor of Massachusetts , Romney stated , "  I went to a number of women 's groups and said , ` Can you help us find folks ? ' And they brought us whole binders full of women . " The remark spurred a political action committee to immediately mock Romney and set up bindersfullofwomen.com , dedicated to holding "  Republican candidates accountable in this year 's election and beyond . " Meanwhile , the social media world erupted with humor -- some of it good-natured , others laced with sarcasm . A similarly named Tumblr page features creative composites of images and written commentary . A picture of Hugh Heffner in a library , for instance , bears the caption : "  Binders full of women ? Oh sure , I 've got hundreds of them . " Then there 's a photo of a laughing Romney as he declares , "  Binder ? I just met her ! " "  Malarkey " Begosh and begorrah , Joe Biden must have been channeling the leprechauns of his ancestral homeland when he conjured up this bit of Hibernian slang during the debate between the vice presidential candidates . The Delaware Democrat claims the word 's origin is Irish , like his own name , but the Oxford English and American Heritage Dictionaries say the etymology is officially unknown . Nothing like malarkey about malarkey . "  You did n't build that " Those four words from President Barack Obama became a rallying cry for Republicans everywhere , who portrayed them as offensive to business owners nationwide . During a stump speech about public infrastructure and individual initiative , the president said , "  Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive . Somebody invested in roads and bridges . If you 've got a business -- you did n't build that . Somebody else made that happen . " What Obama built for himself , by uttering those words , was a mess -- and an opportunity for opponents to pounce . "  47 % " Move over , "  99 % " and "  1 % . " The new No. 1 number this election season is "  47 % . " Romney spoke of this percentage , secretly videotaped , during a private fundraiser in May . The GOP nominee said 47 % of Americans will vote for Obama "  no matter what . " "  There are 47 % who are with him , who are dependent on government , who believe that , that they are victims , who believe that government has the responsibility to care for them . Who believe that they are entitled to health care , to food , to housing , " he said . After initially saying the remark was "  not elegantly stated , " Romney later walked back the comment -- calling it "  completely wrong " and promising he 'll represent 100 % of Americans . But not before Democrats pounced on it , by caricaturing Romney as an elitist who did n't care about less affluent Americans . "  Obamaloney " Then the presidential candidates became punny , er , funny . At one point , Romney wearied of what he called Obama 's baloney . So Romney gave the country a new lunch meat : Obamaloney . "  He is serving up a dish that is in contradiction to the truth , " Romney said about Obama in a Fox News interview . The neologism spawned three namesake Facebook pages . But a Google search had yet to show , however , any delis with such an item on the menu . "  Romney Hood " Obama had his turn as a punster , too . Obama ripped Romney 's tax proposals -- which he said stole from the poor and gave to the rich -- as "  Robin Hood in reverse . " "  It 's Romney Hood , " Obama said . That remark provoked the chutzpah in Romney supporter Zach Tanner of Edmond , Oklahoma . He 's dressing up as Romney Hood this Halloween , which occurs six days before the election . He even posted a photo of his planned costume on his Twitter account : A Romney mask with a toy bow-and-arrow set . "  I 'm a fervent Romney supporter and disagree with Obama 's initial quote , " said Tanner , 24 , a student at the University of Central Oklahoma . "  Sesame Street " Consider this : Two grown men are running for the highest office in the most powerful nation on Earth . Their favorite show ? "  Sesame Street . " And they are engaged in a tug of war over its iconic Big Bird . Romney started it all . At the first presidential debate , Romney said he wanted to cut federal funding to the Public Broadcasting Service -- no offense to Big Bird . On the campaign trail , Obama later seized the reference and mocked how Romney wanted to slay Big Bird to help solve the nation 's financial problems . The national laughter , however , did n't daunt Romney . On Thursday , he invoked the children 's show again at the humorous Alfred E. Smith Memorial Dinner , an annual fundraiser to benefit Catholic charities . "  By the way , " Romney quipped , "  in the spirit of ` Sesame Street , ' the president 's remarks tonight are brought you to by the letter O and the number 16 trillion . " Last month , the national debt eclipsed $ 16 trillion . "  Romnesia " Not to be outdone the following day , Obama invented a new word , fusing his challenger 's name and amnesia .  Obama 's critics earlier dubbed the portmanteau Obamacare , which refers to the president 's reforms to national health care -- a term the president has since embraced . At a rally in Virginia on Friday , Obama lampooned Romney for memory lapses . "  If you come down with a case of Romnesia , " the president said , "  and you ca n't seem to remember the policies that are still on your website or the promises you have made over the six years you have been running for president , here is the good news : Obamacare covers pre-existing conditions . We can fix you up . We 've got a cure . " The partisan crowd roared with approval . By late Friday afternoon , the new word was growing in the U.S. lexicon , according to Twitter 's trend chart . Romney had no immediate response Friday . But the sword play on words is expected to continue .	Wordsmiths rush to social media whenever candidates dub new phrases Presidential candidates sometimes coin words to criticize their opponent The new No. 1 number seems to be ' 47 % ' Romney 's "  binders full of women " prompts the wisecrack "  Binder ? I just met her ! "
CNN  -- Penn State has hired a new permanent coach to head its embattled football program , with the team 's quarterback saying that he and other players are "  excited " for a "  fresh start . " Matt McGinn told CNN affiliate WBRE that he hopes the selection of New England Patriots offensive coordinator Bill O'Brien will help "  erase some of the things that have happened in the past year . " "  It should be exciting for everyone , " said McGinn , acknowledging that some Penn State alumni have voiced dissatisfaction with the move since O'Brien did n't attend the State College school . "  The most important thing is that the players are happy . " O'Brien replaces interim coach Tom Bradley and , more significantly , iconic former coach Joe Paterno . Paterno was fired by school trustees last fall , days after his former defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky was arrested and accused of sexually abusing young boys over a 14-year period . That includes a 2002 incident . Former Penn State graduate assistant Mike McQueary has testified that he saw Sandusky possibly sodomizing a boy , saying that what he saw was "  extremely sexual in nature . " He told Paterno , who told then-athletic director Tim Curley , according to a grand jury report . Law enforcement authorities , however , did n't become aware of that allegation until years later . According to his biography on Patriots.com , the NFL team 's official website , the Nittany Lions ' new football coach grew up in Dorchester , Massachusetts , and attended Brown University . He began his coaching career at that Ivy League school , before going on to take jobs at Georgia Tech , Maryland and Duke . He joined the Patriots in 2007 as a coaching assistant , rapidly rising up the ranks in the subsequent years . "  The Penn State football program has a great legacy and has contributed enormously to our university community , " said university President Rodney A. Erickson . "  A program of this caliber requires a special kind of leader -- a leader who will embrace that legacy and maintain the university 's commitment to excellence on the field and in the classroom . We have that leader in Coach O'Brien , and I look forward to working with him in his new role . "	Bill O'Brien is hired at Penn State 's next football coach The team 's quarterback says "  players are happy " and the hire is "  exciting " Last fall , Penn State trustees fired legendary coach Joe Paterno This followed ex-coach Jerry Sandusky 's being charged with sexually abusing boys
In a telephone call Monday between Russia 's Defense Minister General Sergei Shoigu and the U.S. Secretary of Defence Chuck Hagel , Shoigu described the activity of U.S. and NATO troops near Russia 's border as "  unprecedented . " According to the official Russian version of the call , his American counterpart assured him the alliance did not have "  provocative or expansionist " intentions -- and that Russia should know this . But it hardly seems to matter how often NATO makes these assurances . The Kremlin will never trust them . Fear of the Western military alliance 's steady march east is deep-rooted . It strikes at the very heart of Russia 's national sense of security , a relic of Cold War enmity which has seeped down to post-Soviet generations . Ilya Saraev is a 15-year-old pupil at the First Moscow cadet school in Moscow . He thinks long and hard when I ask him about NATO . "  I think NATO might be a friend to Russia but there 's one point I do n't understand : Why it needs to approach the border with Russia more and more , " he says . Cadet school is an education in patriotism , like something from a bygone era . Besides the regular classes , there are lessons in ballroom dancing . Teenage cadets proudly leading local beauties through the waltz while outside their classmates rehearse the goosestep . After the takeover of Crimea , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry accused Russia of behaving in a 19th century fashion in the 21st century . In some ways it 's an epithet that seems to ring true here . The children are immaculately mannered and thoughtful . They write to their fellow cadets in Crimea . They say they feel sad there 's this tension between brother nations -- Russia and Ukraine . "  People still do n't realize that war means despair and grief , " says 16-year-old Vlad Voinakov . "  They ca n't find a compromise because people 's interests become involved and that 's where the problem lies . " Russia and NATO have never been able to find much of a compromise . Russia 's repeated stance is that after German reunification , promises were made that NATO would never expand eastward -- and were promptly broken . NATO says this is simply not true . "  No such pledge was made , and no evidence to back up Russia 's claims has ever been produced , " the alliance wrote in an April fact sheet entitled "  Russia 's accusations -- setting the record straight . " NATO says it has tried hard to make Russia a "  privileged partner . " It has worked together with Russia on a range of issues from counter-terrorism and counter-narcotics to submarine rescue and emergency planning . NATO says that fundamentally Russia 's anti-NATO rhetoric is an attempt to "  divert attention away from its actions " in Ukraine . Now all cooperation is off the table . "  From the Russian side , that NATO-Russian cooperation was just a camouflage , " says Vladimir Batyuk of Russian think tank , the Institute of USA and Canada Studies . "  After the Cold War Russia tried several times to become a member and the Americans always said , ` it 's not going to happen . ' " He quotes Lord Ismay , NATO 's first Secretary General , on the object of NATO 's existence : "  To keep the Russians out , the Americans in and the Germans down . " Russian President Vladimir Putin declared at his annual direct call with the Russian people that part of his reasoning for annexing Crimea was to protect Sevastopol , home of Russia 's Black Sea fleet , from ever falling into NATO 's hands . "  If we do n't do anything , Ukraine will be drawn into NATO sometime in the future . We 'll be told : "  This does n't concern you , " and NATO ships will dock in Sevastopol , the city of Russia 's naval glory , " he said . Ukraine 's Prime Minister Arseniy Yetsenyuk has said Ukrainian accession to NATO is not a priority . The nation is currently in such a state of disarray that NATO membership seems unimaginable . But a membership action plan was discussed for both Ukraine and Georgia at the Bucharest Summit in 2008 . It was put on hold . But Putin does not forget . "  Ever since  former Ukraine President Viktor  Yanukovych fled his country and a pro-Western government took power in his country , of course this is something -LSB- Putin -RSB- could n't stop thinking about , " says Masha Lipman of the Carnegie Moscow Center . "  So for him , to prevent Ukraine from becoming part of the western orbit if not of NATO , was something he absolutely can not afford . " This is why the rotation of 600 U.S. troops , small as it is , through the Baltic states and Poland for joint-training exercises is such an affront for Russia . This is why it is perhaps not strictly fair to accuse Russia of just engaging in propaganda when it declares its mistrust of NATO . Batyuk says he feels that the general public 's attitude to the alliance has worsened since the end of the Cold War . Then , people were able to dismiss the Kremlin 's line towards NATO as Soviet propaganda , he says . Now it 's different . "  A store of unsuccessful mishaps in relations between Russia and the West after the end of the Cold War has contributed to a rise in suspicions on the Russian side to Western policy in general and NATO in particular . " That 's one of the reasons Putin 's popularity has soared since the annexation of Crimea . There is a feeling among the general public that , at last , Russia is standing up for its rights in the post-Soviet space where it has sat maligned for decades . Much as the Kremlin likes to nurture that narrative , it is also easy to see why it resonates with the Russian public .	In cadet school , Russian pupils have questions for NATO They ask : why do you need to be on our border Putin used strategic military reasoning to annexe Crimea Among general public , there 's a feeling that Russia is at last standing up for its rights
Pago Pago , American Samoa  CNN  -- When an earthquake-triggered tsunami cascaded into this tiny island in late September , the result was 34 lives lost and untold millions in property damage . But a CNN investigation to air on tonight 's "  AC 360 " has uncovered an array of unsettling facts that point to a single conclusion : this natural disaster was in many ways a man-made tragedy . Public records show that the Department of Homeland Security had awarded millions of federal dollars in grants for disaster preparedness here , including the construction of an island-wide siren warning system . But all the federal funding was frozen in early 2007 after DHS inspectors found that the local American Samoan government had been diverting millions of those dollars for its own uses . Birdsall Alailima , director of American Samoa 's territorial office of Homeland Security from 2003 through 2007 , now lives in southern Illinois , not far from St. Louis , Missouri . He showed CNN on a map exactly where on the island the sirens were to have been placed . Thirty towers in all , he said , with 30 sirens that could have been activated by the push of a single button . "  You 're saying that the systems should have been in place ? " CNN correspondent Drew Griffin asked him . "  Absolutely , " Alailima said . "  And people died as a result ? " "  Yes . " He 's not the only one who thinks so . Federal sources told CNN they believe that had the warning system been built , the death toll would likely have been lower . In American Samoa , however , territorial Gov. Togiola Tulafono , told CNN that he knew of no viable plan for the siren system . "  There was a study , I believe , but never a plan for a system , " the governor said . "  I was trying to get verification of what happened to that system , but I could not get the definite information . " Alailima said he was fired by the governor when the federal funding was frozen , and that the governor was aware of the preparations . "  I 'm not going to fault them for freezing the funds , " Tulafono said . "  These are federal funds that they have oversight responsibility for and they saw fit to freeze the funds . " The governor told CNN he had tried to correct the problem by firing his entire homeland security staff . But , he said , that failed to solve the problem . "  All I 'm saying is we have tried to work with them and have tried to get partial releases  of the money  , and so far that has n't happened . " A federal official calls the governor 's statement "  nonsense . " American Samoa would have access to the frozen funds if it had agreed to pay back even some of the money it misused , said the official . The government and the governor refused , and the tsunami siren system was stopped , according to the official . A spokesman for the governor 's office later declined comment on the nature of the negotiations . American Samoan government officials said they purchased another warning system -- radios that would have triggered alarms across the island . But during the CNN interview , Tulafono conceded that the system "  was not in place " when the tsunami struck . CNN has learned that the FBI is now conducting an investigation into exactly what did happen to the federal preparedness dollars sent to American Samoa . It was launched , sources tell CNN , by the Interior Department as its Insular Affairs office has federal administrative responsibility for the island . The FBI investigation is only the latest and most recent attempt by the federal government to try to track what one federal official told CNN was "  endemic " corruption on the island . Here are only a few instances of the alleged corruption : • Both the current Samoan lieutenant governor and a former state senator are under federal indictment on allegations of fraud , bribery and conspiracy . A trial is pending in Washington because there are no federal courts on the island . Attorneys for both men have refuted the indictment in court filings and say their clients are innocent of all the charges . • An inspector general 's report by the Department of Homeland Security issued in May 2007 cites numerous examples of American Samoan officials misusing federal grant money . The report 's findings include the purchase of six flat-screen televisions for more than $ 25,000 ; purchase of executive leather chairs for $ 4,000 ; spending $ 77,000 on equipment no auditor could find ; and extensive travel and entertainment charges , including money spent in Las Vegas , Nevada , by a Samoan official for a conference he was scheduled to have attended in Colorado . • The DHS letter freezing its funding was sent on January 12 , 2007 . The action was taken because "  we have found that Homeland Security Grant funds have been diverted to uses by State government offices for other than the intended use of Homeland Security funds . This is not only in violation of public trust but In Lieu of agreement as well . " In the Samoan villages destroyed by the tsunami , stories of corruption are not new . "  The government here gets a lot of money from the U.S. federal government , " Heinrich Tavai told CNN as he watched members of his Lofatonoa Pentacostal Church help in the clean up . "  Every year , they get millions and millions of dollars . As you see , we look like a Third World country when we should be looking more like a U.S. territory . " In half a dozen villages either wiped out or badly damaged by the tsunami , CNN could find no visible evidence of local government assistance . Workers from a tuna fish processing plant were helping in one village ; in another , students from an island community college were dredging rubbish out of a stream . Red Cross officials distributed tents in other villages . Children in another village were hauling furniture on their backs to help clear the debris . When asked about the seeming lack of local government assistance , the governor told CNN , "  Our departments are out there working and working very hard , and to say they have n't seen any assistance is totally false . " Since 1995 , American Samoa has received nearly $ 2 billion in federal grants from nearly every federal agency . On average the 65,000-population -- the size of a typical American suburb -- receives about $ 250 million in federal money each year . Congressional sources tell CNN that oversight has always been a problem because of Samoa 's isolation and the expense involved in even mounting an investigation . "  They can do half a dozen investigations in Wyoming or California for the amount just one investigation would cost in Samoa , " a source told CNN . Federal sources said they do n't believe any official is getting rich off the U.S. Treasury . Instead , they said , federal funds -- including disaster-preparedness money that was to have gone to the warning system -- were instead used to create local government jobs in an economy almost totally dependent on U.S. federal grants . Moreover , the source added , each federal agency may have many employees whose jobs are to allocate federal funds , but only a relative handful whose jobs are to "  manage " or account for that money . In an e-mail to CNN , an Interior Department spokeswoman said that in previous administrations "  there were real issues of neglect and failed oversight that must be addressed quickly , thoroughly and responsibly . " "  We will help the islands rebuild and recover , " said Kendra Barkoff , "  but taxpayer dollars will be invested with strong oversight and full accountability . "	34 people died in last month 's tsunami that smashed into American Samoa DHS inspectors say funds for a warning system were improperly diverted Investigators : Some funds used to pay for flat screen TVs and trips to Las Vegas The results of this special investigation on AC 360 ° , 10 ET tonight
The decision by Copenhagen Zoo in Denmark to kill one of its giraffes last weekend sparked anguish . The news four days later that a second Danish zoo might follow suit prompted howls of outrage . But Jyllands Park Zoo has now said that those fears are groundless . In a statement on its official Facebook page , under the heading "  Problem solved , " it said the giraffe 's future was assured . The zoo said Thursday it might also have to "  euthanize " one of its male giraffes -- which coincidentally shares the name Marius with the giraffe that was killed -- if a female was brought in to breed . But it now says the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria -- a body governing 345 institutions -- has no plans to send a female "  any time soon . " As a result , the zoo said , it would "  of course keep both our giraffes , as we have stated all along . There is no plan , and there has never been a plan to neither move or euthanize any of our giraffes . " Jyllands Park Zoo said reporting of the threat to its Marius had been based on a "  hypothetical situation " which "  now seems to be eliminated . " The suggestion that a second Marius might be euthanized prompted a slew of angry comments on the zoo 's Facebook page . A petition on the website Change.org garnered more than 10,000 signatures . "  We are begging Jylland 's Park Zoo to please begin a new trend by showing that there is a more compassionate alternative to surplus animals or animals deemed not fit to breed within your zoo , " its author said . "  Allow Marius , the giraffe within your care , to live out his days at a sanctuary or wildlife park . Please , do not kill another animal when there are so many other options . " Dead giraffe fed to lions The decision by Copenhagen Zoo to shoot its male giraffe named Marius to prevent inbreeding sparked wide fury . Staff at the zoo received death threats as debate raged online over the killing , which took place despite another petition signed by thousands of animal lovers . Bengt Holst , scientific director at the Copenhagen Zoo , told CNN the decision was made for the greater good of the giraffe population . "  Our giraffes are part of an international breeding program , which has a purpose of ensuring a sound and healthy population of giraffes , " he said . Copenhagen Zoo 's Marius was shot by a veterinarian as he leaned down to munch on rye bread , a favorite snack . After a necropsy , the giraffe was dismembered in front of an audience that included children and fed to the zoo 's lions , tigers and leopards .	Jyllands Park Zoo says there 's no plan to kill one of its male giraffes , named Marius There is no plan to send a female giraffe to the zoo for a breeding plan , the zoo says A petition set up to save the Jyllands Park Zoo giraffe has more than 10,000 signatures Last weekend Copenhagen Zoo killed a giraffe , also named Marius , to prevent in-breeding
The name "  Gloria Steinem " has long been synonymous with feminism . As a leading figure of the women 's liberation movement , since the 1960s Steinem has fought tirelessly for female emancipation through her writing and activism . As she celebrates her 80th birthday , CNN takes a closer look at how Steinem became a true symbol of gender equality . 1 . Undercover agent In 1960 , a young Steinem relocated to the Big Apple to start her journalism career . Three years later , she was making a name for herself as a journalist when she showed just how far she was willing to go for a story . Dressed as a scantily clad "  bunny , " she went undercover at Hugh Hefner 's Playboy Club in New York . She then used the experience to shed light on the poor pay and working conditions women faced at the venue in her 1963 expose "  I was a Playboy Bunny . " 2 . Actions over words A decade later , Steinem had become one of the most outspoken female voices in America and was often seen as a spokesperson for gender equality . Joining forces with other notable female leaders of the day , including Betty Friedan and Bella Abzug , Steinem pushed for the Equal Rights Amendment after testifying before U.S. congress in 1970 . Just two years later , the amendment was passed . In 1971 , Steinem not only co-founded Ms. , the first female-led magazine , but she also started up the National Women 's Political Caucus -- with the mission of increasing the number of women in politics . 3 . It 's in her blood Today she 's seen as a feminist icon , but she 's not the first woman in her family to stand up for gender equality . In 1908 , Steinem 's paternal grandmother spent four years as president of the Ohio Women 's Suffrage Association . 4 . Activist Giving women a platform to speak and be heard was n't Steinem 's only mission . She also lent her voice to a number of other political causes . Most notably , in 1968 , she took a public stance against the Vietnam War when she vowed to stop paying tax . Later in 1984 , she was arrested alongside several other civil rights activists for disorderly conduct outside the South African embassy in Washington while protesting against apartheid . 5 . The ` f ' word Though Steinem is credited as helping women find a voice in a traditionally male dominated society , she also redefined what it meant to be a "  feminist . " She taught us that feminism is n't just for women when she said : "  A feminist is anyone who recognizes the equality and full humanity of women and men . " READ THIS : Happy 80th , Gloria SteinemREAD THIS : Why men should be more like Brad PittREAD THIS : I 'm a male feminist . No , seriously	Feminist , activist and editor Gloria Steinem turns 80 years old today A leading figure of the women 's movement in the 1960s , she has help rewrite rules for women She 's gone from undercover journalist to starting the first U.S. female-led magazine
CNN  -- If the Winter Olympics leave you cold , then we are here to help . Ahead of Friday 's opening ceremony in Sochi , let us thaw your icy hearts with 10 reasons why you should watch the snow men and ice queens compete at the Games . Lessons in luge Had your fill of football ? Tired of tennis ? Then help is at hand for the next three weeks . Once every four years , mainstream sports make way for the obscure delights of bobsleigh and biathlon , curling and luge . There is even more novelty at the 2014 Games , with 12 new events joining the Olympic program , including ski and snowboard slopestyle and ski halfpipe competitions . Slopestyle is similar to skateboarding on snow , as athletes use rails , pipes and jumps to make their way down the course . The halfpipe ski athletes are also set to wow the crowd as they perform tricks in the center of an icy ramp measuring 234 meters in length and 7 meters deep ! Gruesome Games What do you get if you combine snow , ice and high-speed sport ? The answer is accidents . The Winter Olympics provide plenty of "  oohs and aahs " for a willing audience as the athletes try to avoid injury , and not always successfully . "  At the last Olympics  in Vancouver 2010  I was one of the statistics , " British snowboard cross star Zoe Gillings , who regularly travel down the slopes at 50 mph , told CNN . "  I damaged the cartilage to my knee but one girl broke her back . Other typical snowboard-cross injuries are broken ankles , concussion , pretty much torn ligaments in your entire body and broken bones all over as well . "  It can be quite gruesome . " A study by the British Journal of Sports Medicine following the 2010 Winter Games found bobsleigh , ice hockey , short-track skating , freestyle skiing and snowboard cross were the most injury-prone sports . But the International Olympic Committee  IOC  told CNN that , although the severity of injuries differ , a surprisingly similar number of athletes are hurt at the Summer and Winter Games , with 10-11 % of all athletes in 2010 and 2012 picking up an injury . Hot and cold competitors Once every four years the Winter Olympics surprise us with the fact that sizzling nations , who know no snow , send teams to compete on the white stuff . The A-Z of countries who have already qualified for Sochi includes African hot spots Togo and Zimbabwe , the Pacific island of Tonga and the Caribbean Cayman Islands . These athletes from tropical nations often warm the hearts of TV audiences looking for an underdog to cheer on . That was the case in 1988 when the haphazard Jamaican bobsleigh team brought some sunshine to the Calgary Games and inspired the cult film "  Cool Runnings . " After a 12-year absence , Jamaica is set to compete in the two-man bob after Winston Watts and Marvin Dixon used crowd funding to help pay their way to Sochi . Lindsey who ? American ski queen Lindsey Vonn may be gone from the Sochi Games but there is still an avalanche of alpine stars to support . Californian snowboarder Shaun White -- like Vonn already a household name in the U.S -- and Chicago 's superstar speed skater Shani Davis are going for a "  three-peat " in Russia . Davis , the first black athlete from any nation to win an individual Winter Olympics title , and White are both aiming to do what no other American male has done before -- win three successive gold medals . At Vancouver 2010 , more than 29 million Americans tuned in to watch White , Vonn and Davis triumph -- and the prime-time coverage of the Games even managed to end the six-year streak of "  American Idol " at the top of the U.S. TV ratings ! There are plenty of global stars to watch , too . The grace and speed of ice dancing queen South Korean Kim Yu-na is not to be missed while best-selling violinist Vanessa Mae swaps her bow for ski poles as she represents Thailand in the slalom . Hockey heroes Will the world witness another "  Miracle on Ice " at the 2014 Games ? There 's only one way to find out -- watch the Olympic ice hockey competition . The USA 's victory over an all-conquering Soviet Union side at the 1980 Lake Placid Games is frozen in time as a classic David vs. Goliath encounter , and it also helped the American men go on to win an unlikely gold medal . Four years ago in Vancouver , the men 's ice hockey final served up some more red-hot action on the ice as Canada edged a 4-3 victory over the U.S. in overtime . The Winter Olympics provides a rare opportunity to see some of the National Hockey League 's top names compete on a global stage . Sid "  The Kid " Crosby -- reportedly the highest-paid player in the NHL -- will captain defending champion Canada . Get your skates on Who needs spoof movie classic "  Blades of Glory " or television 's "  Skating with the Stars " when you can marvel over the real ice queens , and kings , on the rink in Russia ? American Jackson Haines is credited as the father of figure skating after he sprinkled a dose of ballet moves to his skating routines in the late 1800s , and now today 's ice dancing duos express themselves with music from "  Les Miserables " to Michael Jackson . If you thought the moonwalk was hard , just imagine doing it in ice skates . For those of you whose legs turn to jelly during the annual Christmas trip to the ice rink , the speed skating events offer reassurance that Olympic skaters fall over too . Steven Bradbury skated into Games legend when he won gold at Salt Lake City in 2002 . The Australian watched his rivals ahead of him tumble out in the 1,000 m short track final and cruised through to win , becoming the first athlete from the southern hemisphere to win Winter Olympic gold . Inspiration generation The 2012 London Olympics set out to inspire a generation , but it is arguably the Winter Games which are attracting a younger , hipper audience . "  The sports that have recently come into the Winter Olympics are the sports that young people are getting into , " explains snowboarder Gillings , who says the majority of her fans tend to be between the ages of 12 and 20 . "  Sports like snowboard cross , slopestyle and ski halfpipe are definitely the ones that young people are going to be watching . " The IOC , however , says that it does not have a demographic breakdown of its audience . The Putin Games The Sochi Olympics have been dubbed the "  Putin Games " -- and Russia 's sport-loving President Vladimir Putin has staked his personal reputation on their success . Addressing the IOC in 2007 in support of Sochi 's bid to become host , he said : "  It is a unique place . On the seashore you can enjoy a fine spring day . But up in the mountains it 's winter . I went skiing there six or seven weeks ago , and I know . " Since winning the bid , $ 50 billion and rising has been splashed on Russia 's first Winter Games , making them the most expensive Olympics in history . Putin has personally overseen the final preparations and in January he again went skiing in Sochi , although he did n't test out the Olympic courses . The 61-year-old , a keen horseman and judoka , also plays ice hockey and has tried his hand at bobsleigh . Surely the Winter Games are worth watching if only to see if Russia 's president pops up as a surprise entry in one of the events ? Snow language If you fancy a Pop Tart , a McTwist or a Swiss Cheese Air should you head to one of Sochi 's eateries or the snowboarding slopes ? The Winter Olympics is a chance to limber up your alpine lexicon and impress your friends with tongue-twisting terminology . A guddle or a hog line might sound like something out of Harry Potter but they are actually Scottish-inspired curling terms , while ice dancing carries the threat of death spirals , camel spins and shooting the duck . Winter warmer If you still need convincing to watch this month 's Winter Olympics , then will the chance to feel warm and fuzzy do the trick ? While the alpine stars brave frozen slopes and numbing ice , why not throw another log on the fire , stir another hot chocolate , fill a hot water bottle and feel nice and snug -- and a little smug -- as you watch their sporting feats from the comfort of your sofa .	The 2014 Winter Olympics takes place in the Russian resort of Sochi on 7-23 February There are 12 new events in Sochi including the hip sport of slopestyle and ski halfpipe The Winter Games can be dangerous with 10-11 % of athletes picking up injuries Russia has spent $ 50 billion , and rising , on the Sochi Games
Washington  CNN  -- Could the Boston Marathon bombing have been prevented ? That was the question legislators tried to answer at Thursday 's House Committee on Homeland Security hearing , where the members of Congress asked a former senator , Boston 's top cop and two experts on public safety about whether or not the intelligence community dropped the ball when they closed an investigation into one of the alleged Boston bombers before the marathon bombing in April . In opening the hearing , Republican Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas , the committee chairman , said he feared "  the Boston bombers may have succeeded because our system failed . We can and we must do better . " "  We learned over a decade ago the danger in failing to connect the dots , " McCaul said , referring to the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . One of the alleged culprits in the Boston bombing , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , was investigated by the FBI after the agency received a tip from Russian authorities that the suspect could be radicalizing . Tamerlan , along with his 19-year-old brother , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , allegedly carried out the April 15 marathon bombing , which killed three people and left 264 people wounded . Russian intelligence services asked the FBI to investigate Tamerlan Tsarnaev in 2011 over a possible association with terror groups . They later also asked the CIA . After receiving a tip , the FBI investigated Tsarnaev and , at the time , did n't find that he was engaging in any extremist activity . Boston bombing suspect 's body entombed in undisclosed location The FBI said a three-month probe turned up nothing derogatory about Tsarnaev . The agency also said the Russians never responded to requests for more details . The case was closed . Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's name was put on a Customs and Border Protection list to alert officials in case he left the country and the CIA also asked that his name be added to another file , the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment list , which contains more than 700,000 names of suspected foreign and domestic terrorists . "  Based on what I 've seen so far , the FBI performed its duties , the Department of Homeland Security did what it was supposed to be doing , " President Barack Obama has said . Former Sen. Joe Lieberman , one of four witnesses at the hearing , told legislators that "  though it would not have been easy , it was possible to prevent the terrorist attacks in Boston . " Lieberman , who pushed for the creation of the Department of Homeland Security after the 9/11 attacks , said that post-9 / 11 reforms have worked well to protect Americans , but they are not perfect . Boston Police Commissioners Edward Davis echoed Lieberman 's sentiment . "  The truth of the matter is nobody bats a thousand , " the commissioner said . "  I think that as a nation we need to come to terms with it and do everything we can to prevent it , but also recognize that fusion centers and intelligence analysis and joint terrorism task forces are part of our future , " Davis said . "  The world is a dangerous place and I think we need to recognize that and be prepared for it . " Bomb suspect 's friend out on bail , released to mom Republican lawmakers in particular were critical of the FBI for not following up on its initial investigation of Tsarnaev . In an exchange with McCaul , Davis acknowledged that if he had known about the initial FBI investigation , he would have done things differently . "  If you 'd had this information before the bombing , would you have done -- your police force and you -- would you have done anything differently , " McCaul asked . "  That 's very hard to say , " answered Davis . "  We would certainly look at the information , we would certainly talk to the individual . " McCaul continued to press Davis , asking "  but if you knew of a Russian intelligence warning that this man 's an extremist and made travel overseas and the fact that he did travel overseas and came back into the United States , would that may not have caused you to give this individual a second look ? " "  Absolutely , " said Davis . In apparent response to the idea that the FBI did not inform Boston police of the investigation , the bureau issued a statement Thursday from Boston Special Agent in Charge Richard DesLauriers , saying the information was available . The Boston Police Department has representatives on the Boston-area Joint Terrorism Task Force , he said , and all task force members can access Guardian , "  a web-based counterterrorism incident management application that was launched in July 2004 . " All task force members "  are able to perform customized key word searches of Guardian to identify relevant " assessment of suspects , he said . The assessment of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , one of about 1,000 conducted by the Boston task force in 2011 , was "  documented " in the Guardian database and "  was thorough , comprehensive and fully compliant with law and policy , " DesLauriers said . He noted that the task force is limited by law in "  the types of investigative methods " it can use when there are no specific accusations . In addition to revisiting the FBI 's initial investigation into Tsarnaev , Davis used his testimony to say the Boston Marathon bombing is further proof the United States must strengthen vulnerable targets without violating civil liberties . Before a hearing convened by the House Committee on Homeland Security , Davis submitted lengthy written testimony that touches on what worked and what did n't in the response to the Boston bombing . In that testimony , Davis argues that in order to defend soft targets -- locations that are not armored or are largely undefended -- law enforcement agencies need to "  deploy more assets including technology , cameras , undercover officers and specialized units . " "  It is clear after these events and other types of mass casualties such as those which have happened in our nation 's schools and colleges that we need to continue to harden soft targets , especially events that lend themselves toward large gatherings celebratory in nature , " Davis wrote . However , Davis cautioned against overstepping the bounds of security . "  I do not endorse actions that move Boston and our nation into a police state mentality , with surveillance cameras attached to every light pole in the city , " he said . After the bombing , Davis became the face of the response . Almost every legislator who asked questions in Thursday 's hearing thanked him for his service . Davis used that high-profile response as proof that reforms to the nation 's video surveillance are needed , writing that in order to catch the bombers , law enforcement officials rely "  almost exclusively on the support of our business partners to provide critical video surveillance along the finish line . " "  I strongly support the enhanced ability to monitor public places , " he wrote . "  This monitoring , which been upheld by the United States Supreme Court , violates no constitutionally protected rights but gives police the ability to investigate and effectively prosecute . Images from cameras do not lie . They do not forget . They can be viewed by a jury as evidence of what occurred . " In the hunt for the Tsarnaev brothers , surveillance video proved crucial . Investigators solicited video from many of the business around the marathon route and used it to locate the bombing suspects . On April 18 , the FBI released surveillance-camera pictures of the brothers . The final 24 hours that paralyzed Boston Although Thursday 's meeting is the first congressional hearing on the Boston bombing , it certainly will not be the last . Legislators in both the Senate and the House have expressed an interest in hosting experts to discuss what to learn from the terrorist attack . The Boston bombing saga began after the two bombs went off at the Boston Marathon finish line on Boylston Street on April 15 . Hundreds of Boston law enforcement officers then began a gripping week long search for those who carried out the terrorist attack . Late at night on April 18 , Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer Sean Collier was shot and killed on campus , allegedly by the bombing suspects . In the early morning of April 19 , the suspects allegedly hijacked a car in Cambridge and led police on a high speed chase through Cambridge and Watertown , two Boston suburbs . In a shootout during the chase , the older Tsarnaev brother was wounded by gunfire . He later died at a hospital . Throughout much of that day , hundreds of law enforcement officers went door-to-door on 20 streets in Watertown , looking for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . Residents around Boston were asked by authorities to stay inside as the hunt continues for the suspect . In the early evening of April 19 , David Henneberry discovered Tsarnaev , wounded , hiding in his boat . He alerted police , and after a tense standoff , police took him into custody . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who was in serious condition at the time of his capture , is now stable and charged with one count of using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death and one count of malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death . In addition to Tsarnaev , three 19-year-olds -- Azamat Tazhayakov , Dias Kadyrbayev , and Robel Phillipos -- were arrested in connection with the bombings . The three are accused of helping Tsarnaev after the bombing by taking items from his dorm room in an effort to keep them from investigators . CNN 's Pam Benson and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Congressman : "  Boston bombers may have succeeded because our system failed " "  The truth of the matter is nobody bats a thousand , " Boston top cop says . Boston police commissioner advocates more cameras to defend "  soft " targets Police "  almost exclusively " relied on businesses to provide video surveillance , he says
CNN  -- As thousands gathered to mark the one-year anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings , one sight evoked memories of the attack that spurred widespread carnage : suspicious bags near the finish line . Police spotted the bags on Boylston Street -- not far from where two pressure-cooker bombs exploded exactly one year ago Tuesday , killing three people and wounded at least 264 others . Eventually , both bags spotted Tuesday were deemed safe -- but the man carrying one of the bags has been charged with possessing a hoax device . But how are police preparing for this year 's marathon , which takes place Monday ? Given that the 26.2-mile course runs through eight cities and towns , how can police possibly prevent every suspicious item from slipping through ? The anniversary scare The first clue that something was amiss Tuesday came when a police officer spotted a man with a backpack walking barefoot in the rain down Boylston Street . Police said he became very vocal and started yelling . When asked what was in the backpack , the man told the officer it was a rice cooker , Boston Police Superintendent Randy Halstead said . "  We looked into the backpack , saw that it was what appeared to be a rice cooker , had the individual take the knapsack off , drop it on the street , and he was taken into custody , " Halstead said . The man , in his early 20s , was identified by prosecutors as Kevin Edson He is also known as Kayvon Edson , officials said . He was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct , disturbing the peace and possession of a hoax device , Halstead said . A bomb squad inspected the bag and deemed it safe . "  In the process of rendering that safe , we noticed a second backpack off to the side , " Halstead said . "  Nobody claimed ownership of it . At that time , that bag was rendered safe . " Memorial : ` We are America , we own the finish line ' Never again Officials say they have gone to great lengths to make sure nothing like last year 's attacks will happen again . In Tuesday 's incident , the superintendent said , the "  training kicked in . " "  I have utmost praise for my officer , " Halstead said . "  That 's what he 's trained to do , that 's what he did , and that 's why I 'm proud of the guys of this department . " For next week 's race , there will be no backpacks or rucksacks on the course itself , said Kurt Schwartz , director of the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency . "  We did n't receive pushback about the no-rucksack rule , " Schwartz told CNN last month . He also urged spectators to not carry large coolers or wear costumes or masks . In preparation for this year 's marathon , Schwartz said officials have traveled to other states and countries to examine their safety precautions at events . The Boston Athletic Association , which organizers the marathon , said while backpacks and handbags are prohibited for participants , spectators are also encouraged to leave such items at home . Containers with more than 1 liter of liquid , costumes covering the face , and bulky clothes such as vests with pockets wo n't be allowed . And large flags or signs bigger than 11 inches x 17 inches are also banned from marathon venues . Marathon venues include the start and finish areas , the course , athletes ' village and areas where official events are held . Unregistered runners and cyclists intending jump into the race along various points are n't welcome this year , either . "  We are aware that many people want to participate in some way in this year 's Boston Marathon as a display of support , " the BAA said in a statement . "  But we ask that those who are not official participants to refrain from entering the course for the safety of the runners and themselves . " A massive enterprise This year 's marathon will be a massive enterprise . Runners this year will number 36,000 -- up from 27,000 last year . More spectators than ever before will also line the course , according to the athletic association . Keeping that in mind , police will double the number of officers on patrol from last year ; 3,500 of them will be among the crowd . They will be aided by 100 additional security cameras , and bomb-sniffing dogs . "  In this world , you never eliminate risk ; you never bring it down to zero , " State Police Col. Timothy Alben told reporters last month . "  But we are working very hard at reducing that risk level and managing it to the best of our collective abilities . " Authorities have not disclosed how much the extra security will cost . All they will offer is that it will be "  much greater " than last year 's . According to Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau , the marathon and related events will bring in an estimated $ 175.8 million -- the highest-ever Boston Marathon spending impact . Tsarnaev awaits trial CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Two suspicious bags were spotted on the one-year anniversary of the attacks A man carrying one of the bags was charged with possessing a hoax device Runners will not be allowed to wear backpacks in this year 's Boston Marathon Large signs , costumes and unregistered runners will also be banned
Washington  CNN  -- Efforts to strengthen Native American communities and improve their relationships with the federal government have already borne fruit , President Barack Obama told a group of leaders from more than 500 federally recognized tribes Thursday . "  We 're making progress , " Obama said at the White House Tribal Nations Conference , the second of his administration . "  We 're moving forward . What I hope is , we 're seeing a turning point in the relationship between our nations . " He said he wants to hear more from tribes about how that can be done , whether it 's through supporting education and health care on reservations , combating crime or job creation , "  and that 's why we 're here today . " Leaders of 565 tribes were invited to the conference , the White House said . The president said his administration has tackled some of the largest issues faced by American Indian communities , helping to create infrastructure , eliminate bureaucratic barriers and boost public health on reservations , where tribal members face rates of diseases like tuberculosis at a far higher rate than the rest of the nation . The Justice Department , he said , is working to reform the criminal justice system on reservations . The Tribal Law and Order Act , signed by the president in July , contains measures to help fight drug and alcohol abuse on reservations , gives authorities better access to databases and improves opportunities for at-risk Native American youth . American Indians ' history has been "  too often marred by broken promises and grave injustices against the first Americans , " Obama said . While he acknowledged that no words can undo the damage , he said his administration aims for action to match those words . Native Americans have been faced with a choice , he said -- abandon their heritage or accept a lesser lot in life . "  We know this is a false choice , " he said . "  To accept it is to believe that we ca n't and wo n't do better , and I wo n't accept that . "	Obama hosts his second White House Tribal Nations Conference Leaders of 565 federally recognized tribes were invited Obama : "  Grave injustices " have been done against American Indians
CNN  -- The 1992 Barcelona Olympics mark the first games in which Team USA included NBA athletes . It was called the "  Dream Team . " The Dream Team comprised a coterie of NBA legends , including Magic Johnson , Larry Bird , Charles Barkley , John Stockton , and of course , "  His Airness " Michael Jordan . Its claim to the title of best basketball team ever has remained virtually unchallenged for two decades . That is , until last week , when Lakers guard Kobe Bryant suggested this year 's Olympic team , featuring himself along with NBA superstars LeBron James and Kevin Durant , could beat the heralded Dream Team . Suffice it to say , Bryant 's assertion shook up the sports world . The vigorous responses on ESPN , talk radio and in cyberspace are fierce rebukes directed at the five-time champion for declaring what many commentators , bloggers and pundits deem blasphemous . Michael Jordan laughed when recalling Bryant 's statement , telling reporters that his Dream Team was too smart and too good to lose to this current contingent of NBA youngsters . Similarly , Charles Barkley chided Bryant , arguing that Kevin , LeBron and Kobe are the only Team USA players good enough to have made the 1992 Dream Team roster . The general consensus appears to side with Jordan and Barkley . In informal online polls , an overwhelming majority of the public favored the Dream Team over our current Olympic Team in a hypothetical matchup . Judging by the polls , pundits and prognostications on the issue , few seem to be taking Kobe 's sacrilege seriously . But I do . In fact , I believe Kobe Bryant 's team would not only win , but also win comfortably . What makes this social scientist so sure ? There is a general principle within elite performance systems , including everything from Scripps National Spelling Bee Championships to world-class modern dance companies , scientific research communities and professional sports . In competitive systems that offer participants great incentives , peak levels of performance progressively elevate . HLN : Kobe 's right : Better Dream Team ... '92 or ' 12 ? Simply put , spelling bee finalists , elite dancers , noted scientists , and superstar athletes get better and better over time . For example , Alvin Ailey , the founder of the prestigious Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater , and Judith Jamison , the dancing legend who elevated the company to world-class status , would not have been strong and athletic enough to secure spots in the same company if transported a few decades into the future while still in their primes . As decades passed , the physicality of the dancers in their company progressed far beyond Ailey 's and Jamison 's capabilities . The sports world is no different from the elite world of modern dance in that a whole lot can happen in just a few decades . Sports science advances , training regiments improve , coaching schemes gain sophistication , conditioning capabilities increase and practice procedures progress . As a result of these cumulative advances , athletes become bigger , stronger , faster and better . In 1972 , Mark Spitz was the greatest swimmer in the world , winning seven gold medals in the Munich Olympics . But 20 years later , all of Spitz 's record times were not just broken , but shattered . In fact , 1992 medalist Matt Biondi 's best time in the 100-meters freestyle  long course  was almost three seconds faster than Spitz 's 1972 mark of 51.2 seconds , a world of difference in the event . Biondi 's record was broken by CÃ © sar Cielo from Brazil , who holds the long-course record with a time of 46.91 seconds . In figure skating , a quadruple jump , or toe loop , was inconceivable in the 1970s . By the 1988 World Championships , Canada 's Kurt Browning landed the first valid quad toe loop . Twenty years after Browning 's pioneer landing , the difficult move is part of the repertoires of most male Olympic figure skaters . Today 's swimmers , sprinters , pole vaulters , shot putters , divers and long-jumpers are considerably better than their 1992 predecessors . Few , if any , athletic records last more than a decade before better athletes break them , and then in the next decade shatter them as a new breed of competitor emerges . Some records appear unbreakable in certain sports , but the progression in ability can explain why . Transport Steffi Graf from the 1990s into today 's tennis circuit . Could her startling feat of maintaining World No. 1 ranking for 377 weeks happen today , when many more women detonate blistering service games , discharge powerful forehands and display dazzling speed and footwork ? To put this into perspective , Graf 's fastest serve was 112 mph . Venus Williams ' fastest serve is 127 mph . Similarly , transport Joe DiMaggio a few decades into the future and his record 56-game hitting streak would have to be accomplished pitted against better defenses , fresh relief pitchers at the end of games , harder fastballs , slicker sliders and increased baseball knowledge . The possibility that Graf and DiMaggio 's records may never be broken only speaks to how much competition in tennis and baseball has strengthened . Although swimmers and sprinters face no resistance beyond water and air , peak-performance feats in other sports must face strong defenses , which only improve as each sport gains sophistication . Wilt Chamberlain scoring 100 points in the era of Bill Russell is different from Chamberlain having a 100-point game in the era of Patrick Ewing , David Robinson and Shaquille O'Neal . Today 's NFL safeties , linebackers and defensive ends are undoubtedly faster and stronger than their 1992 counterparts . Football 's all-time leading wide-receiver Jerry Rice would struggle to get open for a pass when running routes against today 's speedy cornerbacks , just as few NFL teams would draft Joe Namath and Roger Staubach if the two Hall of Fame quarterbacks were transported into the 1990s while in their primes . Transport any NBA legend 20 years into the future and he would have to compete against a new breed of athlete . Which means we can presume that : Walt "  Clyde " Frazier , Willis Reed and Phil Jackson , players on the 1973 Knicks championship team , would be too slow in their positions to help any NBA team win a championship in 1993 . John Havlicek would not steal the ball in Game 7 of the 1985 Eastern Conference Championship like he did in 1965 because he is comfortably seated on the bench . Oscar Robertson in the 1960s is an indomitable force ; the same Oscar Robertson in the 1980s would be a serviceable journeyman . Magic Johnson in his prime would be too slow to play point guard in today 's locomotive landscape , just as Larry Bird would be too slow to guard any of today 's elite small forwards . Can you imagine Magic chasing after Team USA 's speedy guard Russell Westbrook , or Bird trying to contain Carmelo Anthony ? It would n't be pretty . So there you have it . The new breed trumps the old . Today 's Scripps National Spelling Bee winner would crush the 1992 winner in a spell-off . Today 's Alvin Ailey dancers dance like superhumans compared with 1992 Ailey . Even today 's competitive eaters vaporize hot dogs far faster than yesteryear 's carnivores . This year , Joey Chestnut downed 68 hot dogs in 10 minutes , crushing Takeru Kobayashi 's 2002 mark by almost 20 dogs , and two minutes faster at that . Transport this year 's Team USA back to 1992 and the heralded Dream Team loses to Kobe 's kinetic crew by a wide margin . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Shayne Lee .	Kobe Bryant suggests the 2012 Olympic basketball team would beat 1992 's Dream Team Shayne Lee : It might be blasphemous , but Dream Team would n't beat today 's players In elite performance systems , Lee says , players break records and get better each year Lee : Past record-setting athletes would be hard-pressed to recreate accomplishments today
CNN  -- As "  The Dark Knight 's " crusading District Attorney Harvey Dent vigorously tries to combat Gotham City 's crime spree , he quotes the old saying : "  The night is always darkest before the dawn . " The late Heath Ledger plays the Joker in "  The Dark Knight , " a performance already garnering raves . But the dawn may have been the brightest time for "  The Dark Knight , " which was scheduled to have about 3,000 late-night showings , including almost 100 showings at 3 and 6 a.m. Friday , according to Fandango.com spokesman Harry Medved . Medved said he could n't remember the last time there were more than two or three such showings in the middle of the night -- usually in New York or Los Angeles . "  Is n't that when people are just thinking about waking up and going to Starbucks ? " Medved asked . "  I predict coffee sales will increase tomorrow . " With the film 's running time of two and a half hours , Medved is declaring "  The Dark Knight 's " opening day Dark Friday , predicting that attendance at work could be dramatically down . During a survey given to people who buy tickets through Fandango.com , 38 percent of those who are working said they would be taking either some time or the day off to see the movie . According to MovieTickets.com , "  Dark Knight " sold out more than 150 performances in Los Angeles and New York alone . The midnight show times were not just for major movie centers , either . Medved said cities such as Fresno , California ; Orlando , Florida ; and towns in Minnesota are hosting early-morning showings . Enthusiasts showed up in groups , some dressed head to toe in costume to celebrate the movie 's release . The midnight showing at the 428-seat Henry Ford IMAX theater in Detroit sold out in less than a week , according to the Detroit Free Press . One group attending the showing , which was preceded by a costume party , showed up with a homemade version of the Batmobile and outfits representing nearly every major Batman character . The film also opened Thursday in Australia and Wednesday in Taiwan . It will be released in Japan on August 9 . See when the film is opening around the world "  The Dark Knight " has risen to second place on Fandango.com 's all-time list of advance tickets sales , second only to "  Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith . " "  The Dark Knight " tickets represent 94 percent of Fandango 's sales , Medved said . Interest is high at IMAX theaters , too , especially because six film sequences were shot with IMAX cameras . And it 's not just the movie business that were looking to cash in on the blockbuster . Corporate America hopes to capitalize on the hype , too , with Dominos offering a Gotham City pizza and Comcast showing behind-the-scenes movie footage and interviews with the cast and filmmakers via its On Demand service . As fans left the midnight screenings , the hype surrounding the movie has only continued to build . The film is even earning Oscar buzz , thanks to the late Heath Ledger 's performance as the Joker . Moviegoers purchasing tickets on Fandango echoed those sentiments , with 53 percent saying his performance was their main motivation for seeing the film . Ledger 's performance has been hailed as "  indelible "  Los Angeles Times ' Kenneth Turan  , "  powerful "  The Washington Post 's Stephen Hunter , in an overall mixed review  and "  mesmerizing "  CNN.com 's Tom Charity  ; clips of his character have dominated the movie 's marketing campaign . See how Ledger made the joker his own " His absence was conspicuous Monday at the New York premiere , his co-stars noted . "  He should be here , should n't he ? Because this is his big moment ; because he is the most amazing thing in the picture , " said Michael Caine , who plays Bruce Wayne 's butler , Alfred . "  And it 's not because he 's dead or something and everyone 's concentrating on him . He would have been the most amazing thing in the picture anyway . " Caine also praised the late actor 's commitment to immersing himself in a character , something he says is evident from Ledger 's opening monologue . "  It 's one of the finest close-ups I 've ever seen , " Caine said . Other members of the cast praised Ledger for redefining the character brought to life in the past by Mark Hamill  "  Batman Beyond : Return of the Joker "  and Jack Nicholson  "  Batman "  . See members of the cast praise Ledger " Aaron Eckhart , who plays District Attorney Harvey Dent , said it was tragic that Ledger was n't around to celebrate his achievement . "  It 's hard to talk about ; this is his . He created the Joker , " Eckhart said . "  He did it in his own way , and it 's sad , but on the other hand , I am proud to be able to honor him tonight . " Director Christopher Nolan also praised the rest of the cast , including Christian Bale as Batman , Gary Oldman as police Lt. Jim Gordon , Maggie Gyllenhaal as Rachel Dawes and Morgan Freeman as tech wizard Lucius Fox . Nolan , who directed "  Batman Begins " three years ago , said he was glad he was able to take a step back and opt for a different approach . See the cast on the "  black carpet " " "  I think we 've tried to expand the scope of the story , to tell a grander , more epic tale , " he told CNN . "  We 've tried to really take the character and take it to darker territory by introducing it to the Joker . " Nolan seems to have made believers even out of those who were not die-hard fans of the Batman series , including Gyllenhaal , who said she was "  never a superhero movie kind of girl . " "  I watched a Batman here , a Batman there , but this is different , " she said . "  Chris -LSB- Nolan -RSB- wanted us to play everything for truth . It 's about real people in the midst of this wild crazy Batman world . And I became a Batman fan shooting it . I mean , have Batman sweep you up and save you from certain death . It converts a girl , you know ? " The movie was expected to be shown on a record-breaking 9,200 screens in its opening , according to its studio , Warner Bros.  Like CNN , Warner Bros. is a division of Time Warner . Hollywood columnist Nikki Finke said that insiders at the studio are being conservative , predicting a weekend opening of between $ 90 million and $ 100 million -- strong but not record-breaking . But box office experts , according to Finke , are saying the movie could make as much as $ 130 million , which would make it a narrow third for best opening weekend , behind "  Spider-Man 3 "  $ 151 million  and "  Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man 's Chest "  $ 136 million  . Regardless of how much money the movie grosses , by far the biggest anticipation may be whether the Academy Awards agree with those -- including Oldman -- who say Ledger should earn an Oscar . "  I just wish that he was here to talk about his performance , " he said . "  I really feel that there is at least an Oscar nomination , if not a win for him . He really is that good . " CNN entertainment producer Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	"  The Dark Knight " will open with about 3,000 late-night shows Fandango.com : Movie will have almost 100 shows at 3 and 6 a.m. Friday Cast praises Heath Ledger 's performance as the Joker
London  CNN  -- "  It is a myth that rape is an inevitable part of conflict . There 's nothing inevitable about it . It is a weapon of war aimed at civilians . It has nothing to do with sex , everything to do with power . " So said Hollywood star Angelina Jolie on Tuesday in London , as she opened the biggest summit of its kind aimed at ending the scourge of sexual violence in conflict . The four-day Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in Conflict , hosted by the UK government , will bring together representatives of more than 100 countries , as well as hundreds more experts , survivors , faith leaders , and staffers from NGOs and international organizations . According to the U.N. children 's agency , UNICEF , more than 150 million young girls and 73 million boys experience sexual violence every year , and children in conflict-affected countries are the most vulnerable . Yet shockingly few perpetrators are ever prosecuted or convicted . Jolie called for the international community to put priority on efforts to hold those responsible for sexual violence to account . And she said it was time to end a culture of silence and denial that helps war zone rape to thrive , and means that the rapists rarely face justice . "  They feel above the law because the law rarely touches them and society tolerates them , " she said . "  We must send a message around the world that there is no disgrace in being a survivor of sexual violence -- that the shame is on the aggressor . " ` Shatter impunity ' The summit organizers have four main aims : ending the culture of impunity by agreeing on an international protocol for documenting and investigating sexual violence in conflict zones ; taking practical steps to protect women , including by training soldiers and peacekeepers ; increasing support for survivors and human rights activists ; and achieving a "  seismic shift " in attitudes so that the problem is recognized and tackled globally . "  We need to shatter that impunity and make justice the norm , not the exception , for these crimes , " Jolie said . "  I have met survivors from Afghanistan to Somalia and they are just like us , with one crucial difference : We live in safe countries , with doctors we can go to when we 're hurt , police we can turn to when we 're wronged and institutions that protect us . " It is up to everyone to help make this summit a turning point , Jolie said , and to work across borders , governments and religious faiths to bring an end to the use of rape and sexual violence in war . "  We really can do it , " she said . Speaking alongside Jolie , with whom he launched the campaign to end sexual violence in conflict two years ago , UK Foreign Secretary William Hague pledged another Â # 6 million  $ 10 million  from the UK government to help support survivors . "  We want people around the world to understand the scale of the problem and the urgent need for action , to recognize the damage it does to international peace and security and to be mobilized and inspired to work within their societies and with us to bear down on this terrible injustice , " he said . Time to act UNICEF called on those at the summit , which runs until Friday , to agree on "  concrete measures " to protect children in conflict from rape and abuse . Its own figures give an idea of the scale of the problem . According to UNICEF , about 40 % of Congolese women are believed to have been subjected to some form of sexual violence at some point in their lives , while in the most recent conflict in South Sudan , rape has been used by both sides of the conflict during fighting . During the 1994 genocide in Rwanda , an estimated 250,000 to 500,000 women survived rape , UNICEF says , while an estimated 20,000 to 50,000 women were raped during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina in the early 1990s . In an online post , the agency recounts the "  sadly typical " story of a woman in Goma in the Democratic Republic of the Congo whose daughter , born from rape , was called a witch and herself raped , at age 6 , by her 14-year-old cousin . Amnesty International also said it was "  time to deliver " on the ambitious goal of ending violence against women in conflict -- and the broader but related problem of gender inequality . Pope Francis , the head of the Roman Catholic Church , added his voice to those calling for change . "  Let us pray for all victims of sexual violence in conflict , and those working to end this crime , " he tweeted Tuesday , using the hashtag #TimeToAct . Violence against women : By the numbers CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Angelina Jolie opens summit with a goal to shatter impunity for those who rape during war "  There is no disgrace in being a survivor of sexual violence , " says Jolie UK government hosts representatives from around the world at a summit in London Organizers hope to launch concrete steps to tackle issue of rape , abuse in war zones
CNN  -- When rehab and Alcoholics Anonymous meetings did n't work for Eddie Freas , he sought another way to kick his 20-year drug and alcohol addiction . Eddie Freas fights drug addiction by putting all his energy into training for triathlons . He swam 2.4 miles . He biked 112 miles . He ran 26.2 miles . The Pennsville , New Jersey , resident found relief in triathlons . "  I feel better when I 'm working out , " said Freas , 33 . "  It does wonders for the mind . The reason I started running -- it was a switch that went off in my head . I started feeling positive and feeling great about myself . " Freas spent his youth in pursuit of drugs . At the age of 13 , he snuck bottles of Amaretto and rum from his mother 's liquor cabinet . He also developed a taste for marijuana and cocaine . By his senior year of high school , Freas was kicked off the wrestling and football teams after failing a drug test . Then in 2007 , after a three-day binge , "  I came home and was crying , " Freas said . "  I was so depressed . I turned on the TV . " The set was tuned to ESPN , which was airing a story about a former drug addict who competed in triathlons . The program 's subject was Todd Crandell , who had lost a college hockey scholarship because of a drug addiction . After 13 years of using drugs , Crandell started competing in Ironman races and championed finding positive ways to fight addiction through his program called Racing for Recovery . "  Having an athletic background , I was drawn to getting back in shape , " Crandell said . "  It makes you turn intellectually and spiritually fit . Exercise is essential . It decreases addiction , depression and you use it as part of the recovery . " Freas was entranced by the parallels . "  His whole story seemed like mine , " Freas said . "  That 's why it hit me so much . It was my story but it happened to somebody else . I knew I had to get back into fitness . " He took a bus to Racing for Recovery 's office in Sylvania , Ohio . There , Freas said he learned to "  stay clean and use other things -- fitness , instead of drugs . " On his first day , Freas pushed himself to run 10 miles . "  It killed me , " Freas said . "  I was just motivated . I was sore for a week and I gradually got into it . As soon as I started including fitness into my everyday lifestyle , it made it so much easier . It kept me busy and because of the physical fitness , it was making me feel better about myself . " He pushed himself to run farther and raced in his first Ironman competition in 2008 . "  It 's different when you use drugs , you temporarily feel good and afterwards , you feel like doing more drugs , " Freas said . "  When you go for a long run and do physical fitness , you feel good doing it . " Research in animals and humans show that exercise can be a mild antidepressant . "  It is n't a huge surprise when you consider many positive effects exercise can have with regards to the brain chemistry : dopamine , serotonin , endorphin , epinephrine -- these are all associated with mood altering effects , " said Dr. Cedric Bryant , the chief science officer for the American Council on Exercise . "  If they 're able to get this natural high , through a natural endeavor such as exercise , it allows them to replace the means to achieve that high with a more positive approach . " One study showed that women trying to quit smoking were more successful when they exercised . And the National Institute on Drug Abuse held a conference last year to explore the possible role of physical activity in substance abuse prevention . "  The thought centers around the release of mood-altering brain chemical , mainly endorphins , " Bryant said . "  It gives you euphoria or what you call ` runner 's high . ' " Crandell said some people who battle drug addiction "  want something more than sitting in support groups filled with smoke , complaining about drinking . " "  I 've had some of my naysayers from other programs who say you 've taken one addiction and replaced it for another , " Crandell said . "  I 've taken addiction and put into a new focus that includes exercise . Exercise for me is essential to my recovery and well-being . " The purpose of Racing for Recovery is not to turn everyone into an athlete , but to focus on positive pursuits in a person 's life . "  Whatever you lost during your addiction , that should be your Ironman , not just running , " Crandell said . "  If your goal is to become a teacher , let that be your Ironman . " After Freas spent six months in Ohio , he returned to his hometown . "  I did n't want to come back home , because this was where I did all the dirt , all the partying and stuff , " Freas said . "  As time went on , I had to come back here . My life is turned around . I got to help people in my hometown . " Back in New Jersey , Freas helped train Dustin Deckard , 19 , a former high school star wrestler , who is recovering from a four-year heroin addiction . Deckard wanted to get clean after a near-fatal overdose . "  I have to be clean the rest of my life , " Deckard said . "  Sometimes that overwhelms me . I just feel that sometimes it 's not fair that other people can go out and have fun and drink and do whatever at a party . But me -- if I do anything -- it 's off . I ca n't stop . I definitely have troubles with that . " Freas and Deckard have developed a brotherhood . "  I know how he was feeling , being down , not wanting to use drugs , " Deckard said . "  I just relate to him in every way . We both used . He 's also into sports and into wrestling like I was . That 's what 's cool . " This Sunday , Freas and Deckard head to Racing for Recovery 's half triathlon at Monroe , Michigan where the teen will race for the first time .	New Jersey man finds solace in exercise after spending youth on drugs Eddie Freas now member of group that advocates physical fitness in place of drugs Freas competes in Ironman and also mentors a New Jersey teenager
CNN  -- A new one-volume guide to virtually every rumor , controversy , assertion and accusation about Sarah Palin -- scurrilous or otherwise -- is about to hit the stands , and it 's already generating a storm of controversy . "  The Rogue : Searching for The Real Sarah Palin " by Joe McGinniss is a merciless review of Palin 's personal life and meteoric rise from the mayor of a small Alaskan town to the center of America 's political universe . CNN obtained a copy of the book -- which relies heavily on unnamed sources -- earlier this week . Palin critics will find some of their worst assumptions about the former governor reinforced by McGinniss ; Palin defenders will be outraged . The book portrays Palin as an image-obsessed governor who was ill-prepared for the burdens of Wasilla 's town hall -- much less for the Republican presidential ticket . If that 's not enough for you , how about charges of racism , adultery , and cocaine abuse ? Her parenting skills also leave something to be desired , if McGinniss is to be believed . Needless to say , those closest to the former governor are not amused . The Palin family has had a rocky relationship with McGinniss since he moved in next door to their home in Wasilla last summer to research the book . Palin 's husband , Todd , accused McGinniss this week of "  relentlessly stalking my family to the point of moving in right next door to us to harass us and spy on us to satisfy his creepy obsession with my wife . " "  His book is full of disgusting lies , innuendo , and smears , " Todd Palin asserted . The former governor told Fox News that McGinniss "  needs to get a life . " The Palin circle is not alone in its criticism of McGinniss . New York Times reviewer Janet Maslin called most of the book "  dated , petty and easily available to anyone with Internet access . " Maslin accused McGinniss of using his time living near the Palins "  to chase caustic , unsubstantiated gossip , " often attributed to unnamed sources such as "  a friend " or "  one resident . " In an interview broadcast Thursday on NBC 's "  Today " show , McGinniss said : "  I think I was as fair as I could possibly have been given the fact that  Palin  told all the people who were closest to her not to talk to me . " Palin "  overreacts , " McGinniss said . "  She has no modulation in her responses to stress . " McGinniss ' other notable books include "  The Selling of the President " in 1969 -- a critical review of Richard Nixon 's first successful presidential campaign -- and "  Fatal Vision " in 1983 about Dr. Jeffrey MacDonald , a military physician who was convicted of murdering his wife and children . He also wrote a book about Alaska -- "  Going to Extremes " in 1980 . McGinniss ' website calls his latest work "  an extraordinary double narrative that alternately traces Palin 's curious rise to political prominence and worldwide celebrity status and then recounts the author 's day-to-day experiences as he uncovers the messy reality beneath the glossy Palin myth . " Among other things , the book cites an unnamed friend who claims Sarah Palin once snorted cocaine off an overturned 55-gallon oil drum while on a snowmobiling trip . As for Todd Palin , he "  did coke with us all , " former friend John Bitney says in the book . "  He was on the end of the straw plenty . " "  I 'm not saying Todd and Sarah Palin today abuse cocaine or even use it , but there is no question they both did at one point in their lives , " McGinniss told NBC . Bitney was fired from his position as Gov. Palin 's legislative director because he "  dared to embark on a romantic relationship with the estranged wife of a friend of Todd 's , " McGinniss writes in the book . McGinniss also repeats an allegation that Palin had an affair with Brad Hanson , one of her husband 's former business partners . Hanson denied the charge in a statement Thursday , calling it "  a complete and outright lie . " One gossipy tidbit : Palin had a sexual encounter with former NBA star Glen Rice in 1987 , before she was married . Rice played for the University of Michigan at the time . "  She freaked out afterward , " McGinniss quotes a source in the book as saying . "  The thing that people remember is ... how completely crazy she got " over the fact that she had sex with an African-American . "  She was just horrified . She could n't believe that she 'd done it . " Rice , according to McGinniss , remembers Palin as "  a sweetheart . " McGinniss states that , as governor , Palin fired roughly two dozen state employees who had formed a coalition known as the Diversity Group . "  Her distaste for people of color ... became manifest , " McGinniss asserts . "  Sarah just is n't comfortable in the presence of dark-skinned people , " Bitney says in the book . McGinniss also cites unnamed friends in characterizing Palin as a subpar mother . "  From the start ... Todd was the parent , " one source says in the book . "  When he was home , he changed the diapers . He fed the kids . Sarah never lifted a finger . " In her New York Times review , Maslin complained that McGinniss spent too much time writing about his own day-to-day experiences and not enough on detailed research . Noting that McGinniss ' book includes a comment by one source on the condition of the Palins ' toilet , Maslin wrote : "  A journalist as seasoned as Mr. McGinniss surely knows what these details will do to his credibility regarding the book 's more serious claims . " Right or wrong , the book has thrust McGinniss into a media spotlight that continues to follow Palin despite the fact that she is no longer in public office and has not announced any campaign for the White House in 2012 . There is even a "  Doonesbury " connection to the latest Palin drama . Garry Trudeau , the celebrated creator of the long-running comic strip , last summer developed a story line with one of his stock characters -- Fox News TV journalist Roland Hedley Jr. -- moving next door to McGinniss in Wasilla to spy on his spying on the Palins . McGinniss subsequently contacted Trudeau and the pair came up with a way to release tweet-sized advance excerpts of the book in "  Doonesbury " -- this time via a pre-publication copy of the manuscript of "  The Rogue " that lands in the fictional Hedley 's hands . The "  Doonesbury " story line has Hedley 's boss at Fox News warning him to protect fellow Fox contributor Palin in his coverage of the book , and Hedley tweeting misleading depictions of the real excerpts . Several newspapers , including the Chicago Tribune and the Atlanta Journal-Constitution , have decided against running the installments of "  Doonesbury " that involve the Palin book . "  This week we are not publishing ` Doonesbury ' comic strips because they do not meet our standards of fairness , " said a published note by Tribune Editor Gerould Kern . The Tribune noted that copies of the book were unavailable for review . Maslin wondered in her review what was stopping the Tribune and others from publishing the cited strips . "  Is it the book 's intrepid reporting , or its questionable tone ? " she asked . "  Mr. McGinniss 's most quotable , inflammatory lines call Ms. Palin a clown , a nitwit , a rabid wolf and a lap dancer -- and those are n't the parts that assail her as a wife and parent . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report	"  The Rogue " by Joe McGinniss comes out next Tuesday Joe McGinniss ' book alleges that Palin once used cocaine The book also claims Palin was an image-obsessed governor and poor parent Sarah Palin 's husband says the book is full of "  disgusting " lies
Washington  CNN  -- A verbal flash-fire erupted on the House floor Thursday night over nine-year battle to pass a benefits bill for emergency workers who were first on the scene of the 9/11 attacks . Frustrated with Republican votes against the $ 7.4 billion measure because Democrats suspended the rules to prevent them from offering unrelated amendments -- and at the same time requiring a two-thirds majority to pass -- Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner excoriated the minority party . "  It 's Republicans wrapping their arms around Republicans rather than doing the right thing on behalf of the heroes , " Weiner said during an impassioned , 90-second speech . "  It is a shame . A shame ! If you believe this is a bad idea to provide health care -- then vote no ! But do n't give me the cowardly view that ` Oh , if it was a different procedure . ' " The bill failed to get the 291 votes it needed for passage , polling just 255 votes . But that 255 votes easily surpassed the 218 needed for a simple majority . Democratic New York Rep. Carolyn Maloney -- the sponsor of the bill who has been working on the legislation since just after terrorist attacks -- is working to convince her party 's leadership to hold a simple majority vote before the ninth anniversary of the attacks . She told CNN Friday that passing the bill under suspension rules was "  a very high bar . " "  My goal is to have it on the floor again under regular rule , majority rule , which would require only 218 votes . We clearly had the 218 votes to pass it , " Maloney said . Texas Rep. Lamar Smith , another Republican , opposed the legislation on the basis of cost . He called the bill an "  irresponsible overreach " that "  does not contain the necessary protections to safeguard taxpayer dollars from abuse , waste and fraud . " "  I think this is another example of the Democrats ' insatiable appetite for the taxpayers ' hard-earned dollars , " Smith said Thursday night on the House floor . But Rep. Pete King , R-New York -- who actually voted in favor of the bill -- tipped the debate in another direction , focusing on the Democratic tactic that kept the Republicans from offering up an amendment on illegal immigration . "  But what we are doing tonight is a cruel hoax and a charade , " King said from the House floor , every bit as passionately as Weiner would moments later . "  Everyone knows that this bill will not get the two-thirds majority required on the suspension calendar . Everyone also knows that this bill would pass with a clear majority if the Democrat leadership would allow it to come to the floor under the regular procedures of the House . "  The reason H.R. 847 is not being brought up under regular order is because the majority party is petrified of having its members face a potential vote on illegal immigration , " he said . "  You can blame it on the Republicans -- and I 've been strongly critical on the Republican position on this issue -- but the reality is you could pass this bill if you wanted to . " King 's words set off Weiner . "  It takes great courage to wait until all Members have already spoken and then stand up and wrap your arms around procedure , " Weiner began . "  We see it in the United States Senate every single day when Members say , ` We want amendments . We want debate . We want amendments , but we 're still a ` no . " And then we stand up and say , ` Oh , if only we had a different process , we 'd vote yes . "  You vote yes if you believe yes , " he said . "  You vote in favor of something if you believe it 's the right thing . If you believe it 's the wrong thing , you vote no . " King tried to interject , but Weiner refused to yield the floor . "  The gentleman gets up and yells , trying to intimidate people into believing he 's right -- he is wrong ! " Weiner shouted . "  The gentleman is wrong ! The gentleman is providing cover for his colleagues rather than doing the right thing ! " "  I will not stand here and listen to my colleague say , ` Oh , if only I had a different procedure that allows us to stall , stall , stall and then vote no . ' Instead of standing up and defending your colleagues and voting no on this humane bill , you should urge them to vote yes , something the gentleman has not done , " Weiner concluded , punctuating his final words with an index finger in the air . King told CNN Friday that if the bill went to simple majority vote he "  would sit with the Democrats all day and defend the bill against the Republicans . " Weiner defended his outburst and acknowledged that many people are unhappy with what they see as partisan bickering in Congress , but he said that many people may not understand what 's actually happening . Suspending the rules for certain votes , he said , "  is a common procedure ... used all the time . " "  Frankly , it was beyond a lot of people 's understanding why anyone would want to politicize this and make it a long , drawn-out fight , " he told CNN .	Democrats suspend rules for vote , requiring 2/3 majority Bill falls nearly 40 votes short Weiner blasts Republicans for voting "  no " because they could n't add amendments King blasts Democrats for being "  petrified " of immigration vote
EW.com  -- "  Game of Thrones " may have broken the Internet with Sunday 's episode , but it did n't break its ratings record . "  The Rains of Castamere " delivered 5.2 million viewers , down slightly from the show 's all-time high set earlier this season of 5.5 million . EW : ` Game of Thrones ' Red wedding recap The performance is n't surprising . EW : ` Game of Thrones ' - Rounding up ` The Red Wedding ' reactions The episode aired after the show took a one-week break for Memorial Day weekend . And even though it was a highly anticipated hour among hardcore fans , most casual viewers had no idea the episode contained a shockingly violent wedding sequence as HBO intentionally did not promote the episode as anything out of the ordinary to help preserve the surprise . Expect the ratings to rise for next week 's finale , however , possibly to an all-time high . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sunday 's "  Game of Thrones " had a shocking ending Die hard fans knew what was coming , but HBO did n't promote The episode did not break records
CNN  -- Dear Girls of the World , There are more than 7 billion people in the world . Half of them are women and girls . Just imagine the whole world rising , as it will , when all women and girls are empowered . It has to start with education . All the number crunchers have it right on this one : education = empowerment , from here in the United States to Uruguay and Ulan Bator . The United Nations , the World Bank and any organization you can think of say that an educated girl is a girl who can get a job , become a breadwinner and raise herself , her family , her village , her community and eventually her whole country . All the stories and statistics show that a healthy society is one whose women are healthy and productive . Look at what women and girls are achieving for Rwanda , 19 years after the genocide there . The country leads the way in Africa in every way : education , health , the economy , the environment and in elected politics , powered by the force of its women . It is an amazing story . In contrast , the Arab world , which is so rich in natural resources such as oil and gas , is way behind in all development indicators , because half their populations , their women , are denied basic rights . It 's why the Arab Spring must liberate and fully empower women , for the good of those countries . Write your own open letter to girls of the world Did you know that if female employment were to match male employment in the United States , gross domestic product would rise by 5 % . And in developing countries that figure soars by double digits -- for instance , GDP would rise 34 % in Egypt if women and men had equal employment opportunities . And this is where education comes in . According to a 2004 report co-authored by Gene Sperling  now a senior economic aide to President Barack Obama  , a woman can expect a 10 % to 20 % rise in earning power with every additional year of primary education beyond average . Another economist , Paul Schultz , found that number increased to 15 % to 25 % higher earning power with each additional year of secondary school . So educate our girls if you want to reduce infant mortality , stabilize population growth and reduce cases of HIV/AIDS . In rural areas , the United Nations says wages , agriculture income and productivity all improve when the female workers are educated . It is time to end the discrimination against girls in education . According to the U.N. , around 35 million girls are not enrolled in primary school and that has to end . Almost 800 million people worldwide are illiterate ; two-thirds of them are women and girls . Imagine a world where they could actually read and write and do basic math for accounting -- that is how the world will change . Women are much more likely than men to use their earnings for the good of the family , rather than spending it on alcohol or other things for themselves . Just ask the great microfinance pioneer Muhammad Yunus of Bangladesh 's Grameen Bank -- women are the best bet . You lend them a little , and they pay back in spades . He has known this for 30 years . It 's high time the rest of the world caught on . Go girls ! Power the world ! We can do it . -- Christiane Amanpour More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " Write your own open letter to girls of the world Watch Christiane Amanpour on CNN International 's "  Amanpour " | Follow her on Twitter @camanpour .	Christiane Amanpour writes an open letter to girls of the world " All the number crunchers have it right on this one : education = empowerment , " she says
CNN  -- Dutch speed skating star Sven Kramer was left in tears after confused communication with his coach cost him a gold medal at the Winter Olympics on Tuesday night . The 23-year-old was hot favorite to add the 10,000-meter title to his 5,000 m victory earlier in the Vancouver Games , and he completed the grueling circuit in what would have been an Olympic record time . However , his dreams of a double gold crumbled when he was disqualified for an incorrect change of lanes , meaning that the man he was paired with -- Russia 's Ivan Skobrev -- won the silver medal and South Korea 's Lee Seung-Hoon was promoted to first place . Kramer , the world champion and record-holder at both distances , blamed his coach Gerard Kemkers for the mistake , the Vancouver Sun reported . "  Usually , I do n't want to blame anyone else , I take responsibility as the skater on the ice . But this time I ca n't do anything else , " the son of two-time Olympic speed skater Yep Kramer told reporters after the race . "  I wanted to go on the outer lane , then just before the cone Gerard shouted , ` Inner lane ! ' I thought he was probably right . At first I thought my skates passed the cone on the wrong side , and I will be disqualified . Then I noticed in the stadium , something was wrong . "  You have to decide in a split second . I should have gone with my own thoughts but I was brought into doubt . This really sucks . This is a real expensive mistake . This really sucks . " Sports Illustrated : Coach 's gaffe costs Kramer gold Kemkers , a former speed skater who won a bronze medal in the 5,000 m at Calgary in 1988 , was also devastated by the turn of events , the Vancouver Sun reported . "  My world collapsed . This is a disaster . This is the worst moment in my career . Sven was right , I was wrong , " he said . Kramer will have the chance to bounce back and try to claim a second gold in the team pursuit event on Saturday -- and erase another embarrassing Olympic memory . At the 2006 Turin Games , Kramer stepped on a block and fell during the team pursuit semifinals and meant the Dutch ended up with only a bronze medal . In such speed skating events , also known as long-track , the athletes race to set the fastest times in staggered starts . In short-track speed skating , the competitors race against each other , with passing the finish line first after a set number of laps taking precedence over elapsed times .	Sven Kramer left in tears after confused communication with his coach cost him a gold medal Dutch speed skater was seeking his second victory at the 2010 Winter Olympics He set fastest time in 10,000-meter event but was disqualified for incorrect lane change The 23-year-old blamed coach Gerard Kemkers for giving him the wrong information
CNN  -- Over the last two decades he has been at Manchester United both as boy and man helping the club achieve the most unparallelled level of success . And on Thursday veteran midfielder Ryan Giggs took another step in further cementing his remarkable relationship with the club after he was appointed as United 's player-coach by David Moyes . Welshman Giggs made his United debut in 1990 and has won 13 Premier League titles , four FA Cups and the European Champions League in 1999 and 2008 , making him English football 's most decorated player . Moyes was announced as the United manager in May , after fellow Scot Alex Ferguson called time on his trophy-laden 26-year reign . "  I 'm delighted that Ryan has accepted the chance to become player-coach , " former Everton manager Moyes told United 's official website as the new manager steps up his preparations for his first season at Old Trafford . "  His success and ability to adapt his game over a number of years gives him an unrivaled perspective on the modern game . "  His career is an example to any aspiring young player and I 'm sure that both he and the players will benefit from his new role . " Now 39 , Giggs said his appointment was a "  great privilege . " The Welshman added : "  I hope I will be able to bring my experience to bear , having been both a player and part of the Manchester United family for so long . "  It 's no secret that I have been taking my qualifications and I see this as the first step in my future career . I 'm really looking forward to working alongside David and the team . " Former United defender Phil Neville also returns to Old Trafford as part of Moyes ' staff . Neville played for the 20-time English champions between 1995 and 2005 before moving to Everton , where he played under Moyes for eight years . Moyes ' first Premier League match as United manager is at Swansea City on August 17 . Meanwhile United 's rivals Chelsea have agreed to sign talented Dutch midfielder Marco van Ginkel from Dutch club Vitesse Arnhem . A product of the Vitesse youth system , the 20-year-old Grinkel his debut in April 2010 and will join Chelsea subject to a medical .	Ryan Giggs appointed player-coach at Manchester United The Welshman made his United debut in 1990 Giggs is part of manager David Moyes ' new-look backroom staff Moyes was announced as Alex Ferguson 's successor in May
CNN  -- For a few days there , it looked as if the typographical error was finally going to get its moment in the sun . The lowly typo -- a hastily pecked keystroke with a bad result -- has long been regarded as an irritation , a sloppy glitch , a skimmed-over eyesore . It 's really much more than that , which we will delve into in a few paragraphs . But first , the typo 's blown opportunity to gain worldwide stature : When the financial markets were on the verge of a nervous breakdown this month , on the day the Dow Jones industrial average plummeted almost 1,000 points in 15 minutes , analysts and regulators immediately , frantically , started looking for a reason . Nothing on this scale had ever happened before . Who or what was responsible ? Initially , suspicions centered on the "  fat-finger theory . " What this meant was that a trader with a symbolically fat finger  meaning a careless one  had purportedly entered a computer-ordered sale of billions of shares of stocks ; the theory was that when he had meant to type in "  million , " he instead typed in "  billion . " If this was so , it would have been the typographical error of all time : the Babe Ruth/Muhammad Ali/Frank Sinatra of typos . If one keystroke could put the world 's economy on the brink of collapse , this would mean that a typo could be as powerful as an atomic bomb . By the end of last week , it was looking as if the fat-finger typo might not be the culprit . Mary Schapiro , the chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange Commission , told Congress that while no cause for the financial plunge could be definitively ruled out , the typo-as-Armageddon was increasingly appearing to be an unlikely explanation . Drat . If a typo had been shown to have that kind of muscle , maybe the societal trend to regard typos as no big deal might have been reversed . In our computer-screen age , typos -- and their cousins , misspellings and grammatical errors -- have been given a reprieve . What once prompted people to shake their heads in stern disapproval when it appeared on newspaper or magazine pages -- a flat-out mistake , caused by lazy typing and indifferent proofreading -- produces not as much of a stir when seen on a glowing screen . The theory seems to be that , in e-mails and instant messages and various other forms of digital discourse , speed counts for more than accuracy , and those whose blood pressures rise when they see such typos are stodgy , ancient , out of touch . The contemporary attitude is : Who cares if a few words are mistyped ? But it 's a matter of discipline . It 's a matter of diligence . You may have heard the wonderful story in recent days about what happened when CNN senior producer David Daniel was walking to work at the network 's Los Angeles bureau . Daniel was striding along the Hollywood Walk of Fame , as he does each morning en route to the office , when he glanced down at a newly installed pink stone star on the sidewalk . It was a star that was going to be introduced to the public that very day . It was intended to honor the actress Julia Louis-Dreyfus . Except the name on the star was : Julia Luis Dreyfus . No "  o " in Louis . No hyphen . Daniel , who told me he takes pride in being a longtime copy editor , could not simply walk on by . Dismayed , he stared at the star . "  I 'm one of those annoying people who notices typos on restaurant menus , " he told me . "  Annoying ? " Hardly . When it comes to words , he 's a stickler , which is a fine thing to be . What he did next has elevated him into contention for patron saint of sticklers : He phoned in a correction . He could n't let this pass . He called the people who run the Hollywood Walk of Fame , told them about their typo that was set in stone and made certain the star got fixed . "  I ca n't help it , " he told me . "  I go crazy when I see missing apostrophes . " He was preaching to the choir . My own obsessed-proofreader story is not quite as good as Daniel 's , but it establishes us as kindred spirits . Some years ago , during my first and only visit to Shea Stadium in New York , I was with some friends watching the Mets play the Chicago Cubs in a night game . Ryne Sandberg of the Cubs , who would go on to be voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame , came up to bat . In Shea Stadium there was a huge video screen behind center field , and as each batter came to the plate a gigantic color photo of him appeared on the screen , accompanied by his name . Sandberg 's smiling face was up on the screen , all right . So was the name , in huge letters visible all over the stadium : "  Ryan Sandberg . " Not Ryne . Ryan . I knew I should n't say anything . I knew , in the scheme of all the world 's woes , it would make no difference . I knew I should just sit back and enjoy the ball game on a lovely , warm evening . But I could n't help myself . I sought out a front-office executive of the Mets . "  Look , " I said , pointing to the outfield . "  What 's wrong ? " he said . It took him about 15 seconds to figure it out . "  Oh , my , " he said . That night was my version of the Julia Louis-Dreyfus star . At Sandberg 's next at-bat , Ryan became Ryne . A small victory for precision , perhaps . But we all take such victories where we find them . I half-wish that it had , indeed , been a typo that sent the Dow into that tailspin . It would have imbued typos with the seriousness they deserve , and would have been an inspiring triumph for sticklers everywehre . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	The societal trend to regard typos as no big deal is wrong , says Bob Greene Greene : In computer age , typos , misspellings , grammatical errors are given a reprieve CNN 's David Daniel noticed Hollywood Walk of Fame typo ; Greene spotted Mets typo
CNN  -- Wednesday marks Losar , or the Tibetan New Year , but there will be no music , chanting , spectacular costumes or pageantry this year . Instead , Tibetans across the world plan to observe Losar with the solemnity their government-in-exile in Dharamsala , India , has proclaimed it deserves . Lobsang Sangay , the Tibetan prime minister-in-exile , issued a statement asking Tibetans to refrain from celebration . "  But do observe traditional and spiritual rituals by going to the monastery , making offerings and lighting butter lamps for all those who have sacrificed and suffered under the repressive policies of Chinese government , " Sangay said . Sangay asked for a somber New Year because of the "  grim news " that continues to stream out of Tibet , he said . China pushing Nepal to crack down on Tibetans ? In the past year , 22 monks , nuns and other Tibetans set themselves on fire to protest Chinese rule , according to the Washington-based International Campaign for Tibet . The latest incident occurred Saturday when an 18-year-old monk self-immolated in front of a monastery in the village of Barma village in China 's Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture , according to a statement from the government-in-exile . He apparently died shouting , "  May His Holiness the Dalai Lama live 10,000 years ! " and "  Freedom for Tibet , " the International Campaign for Tibet said . The government-in-exile also said it has had news of arrests of Tibetan writers and intellectuals . China accuses Tibet 's spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , for inciting unrest and trying to divide China . But monks who spoke secretly to CNN said they want China to allow the Dalai Lama to return to a free Tibet . In their pouch , they carry a sacred keepsake of their leader . In 1950 , Chinese troops occupied Tibet , enforcing what Beijing says is a centuries-old claim over the region . Nine years later , the Dalai Lama fled to India after a failed uprising in Lhasa left 85,000 people dead . Pro-Tibetan groups say Chinese persecution and torture has killed hundreds of thousands of Tibetans over the years . They also say Han Chinese , China 's main ethnic group , have migrated to the region and turned Tibetans into a minority in their homeland . Sangay urged Tibetans to protest non-violently and legally , especially on March 10 , the anniversary of the 1959 Tibetan uprising . "  We once again fervently urge the Chinese government to give serious consideration to our legitimate demands and appeals we have made so far , " the government statement said . Sangay said he wanted to make sure Tibetan voices were heard loud and clear in Beijing . Tibetans all over the world began posting Sangay 's message on websites . In the United States , several Tibetan associations canceled Losar celebrations , one of the biggest annual festivities for Tibetans . "  It means much more than Losar , " said Tsepak Rigzin , program director at the Drepung Loseling center in Atlanta . This year , he said , Losar would truly signify unity , solidarity , compassion . "  It 's a symbol of our integrity , " said Rigzin , 51 , who has lived in the United States since 2005 . "  It means sharing the suffering and pain of our brothers and sisters of Tibet . " He , like Tibetans everywhere , will begin the year 2139 with quiet contemplation -- and dreams of a homeland . CNN 's Stan Grant in Beijing contributed to this report .	The Tibetan government-in-exile canceled New Year celebrations It asked Tibetans to remember those who "  suffered " under Chinese rule Tibetans all over the world will mark the day solemnly 22 Tibetans have self-immolated this past year to protest China 's policies
CNN  -- Celebrated Cameroonian-born photographer Samuel Fosso , famous for his compelling self-portraits , has had his work exhibited in major museums across the world -- from New York and Paris to London and Buenos Aires . Yet Fosso 's thought-provoking creations , in which he transforms into characters ranging from symbols of black identity to pop culture icons , had never been exhibited in Nigeria , the country he grew up in but had to flee at a young age to escape the Biafran War in the late 1960s . Not any longer . Fosso , who now lives and works in the Central African Republic , has chosen the LagosPhoto Festival for the global premiere of his latest photographic series , "  The Emperor of Africa . " In his latest work , the award-winning artist uses his constructed images to explore the relationship between Africa and China by assuming the part of Chinese leader Mao Zedong . "  We are very excited to have him , " says Joseph Gergel , one of the festival 's curators . "  He is one of the biggest names in photography on the continent . " Read this : Hollywood classics get photographic remake Running for the fourth consecutive year , LagosPhoto features more than 50 photographers and artists from 15 countries , including Martin Parr , Kudzanai Chiurai , Cristina de Middel , Jerome Delay and Cyrus Kabiru . The month-long event , described as the first and only international festival of photography in Nigeria , revolves around a series of exhibitions , workshops , artist presentations , panel discussions and displays of outdoor prints throughout Lagos , as well as an amateurs ' competition designed to help young Nigerian photographers develop their talents . Read this : Artists ' road trip across Africa "  The festival is really a platform for a myriad of different activities , " says Gergel . "  They 're all focused on engaging the emerging community of photographers and contemporary artists and give them a voice , " he adds . "  The real goal of LagosPhoto is not only in the work that we show but also to show that there 's another side of Nigeria -- there 's another side of Africa -- and we hope that spreading that message will lead to positive change . " Read this : Meet the ` Afronauts ' This year , LagosPhoto is exploring the theme "  The Megacity and the Non-City , " looking at how the growth of African urban centers and the technical advance of photography have transformed the sense of place in an interconnected world . Gergel says the theme explores both the documentary tradition of photography and the artistic practices that examine the circulation of images in today 's culture . Read this : Photos show Congo in new light "  It also explores two sides of the city , " he adds . "  One that is informed by vast changes taking place at an unprecedented speed , such as population explosion , urban development , socioeconomic gaps , and the rising middle class , and the other that is defined by the internet , the digital revolution and virtual connectivity . " The fourth edition of LagosPhotos runs until November 16 . Click through the gallery above to check out some of the creations exhibited at this year 's festival .	LagosPhoto Festival is underway This year 's theme is "  The Megacity and the Non-City " The festival features more than 50 photographers and artists spanning 15 countries It also introduces the global premiere of Samuel Fosso 's latest photographic series
CNN  -- Many people thought that the massacre of 20 young school children and six educators by a gunman wielding an assault weapon would change the terms of the debate over firearms regulation . It appears that they were wrong . Not only does it now seem that Congress will not reinstate the assault weapons ban , but it also appears unlikely to place restrictions on the size of magazines so as to reduce the number of bullets that can be fired before reloading is required . For opponents of these measures , such a result would be vindication of what they argue is the absolute right to bear arms set forth in the Second Amendment . Such arguments ignore the fact that in its 2008 decision recognizing that the Second Amendment created a personal right to bear arms unrelated to serving in a militia , the Supreme Court also recognized the permissibility of "  reasonable " restrictions on that right , including potentially prohibiting carrying "  dangerous and unusual weapons . " For others , however , a legislative outcome that includes neither an assault weapons ban nor restrictions on magazines is just more of the same -- a powerful lobby using aggressive tactics to persuade Congress to ignore majority support for these measures . I must say , however , that if this turns out to be the result , I will be sad but hardly shocked . Gun bill filibuster ? In 1978 , while serving as the Treasury official overseeing the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , we proposed regulations that would have created a centralized database of firearms transactions  which would not have included the names of individual retail purchasers  . The purpose of such a database was to allow speedier tracing of firearms used in crimes and to allow the ATF to analyze the flow of firearms to particular dealers , which would suggest which dealers were diverting firearms to the illegal market . Even though these proposals would have had no effect on anyone 's right to own any firearm , the NRA mounted a campaign against them , and Congress voted to prohibit any such database from ever being established , a prohibition that remains in effect today . During the debate over these regulations , I heard from some members of Congress that while the proposals made sense , politics precluded them from expressing support . Thirty years later , it seems little has changed . So given this state of play , what should be the focus of those who believe that added regulations of firearms would help save lives ? Despite emotions , little happens legislatively after mass shootings Obviously , a first step is to continue to make the case for an assault weapons ban and limitations on the size of magazines . The issue , after all , should be not whether such steps avoid all mass shootings , but whether they could save some lives . Would it not have been worth it even if some of those murdered in Newtown could have survived because the shooter did not have an assault weapon ? But there are other things that can and should be done : 1 . We need to work to ensure that Congress at least finally creates a system of universal background checks for all firearms purchasers . Many people believe such a system exists today ; it does not . Along with such a system , we need to improve the databases used in connection with such checks . 2 . Focus should be placed on what is happening in particular states . For example , states such as New York and Colorado have made meaningful changes in gun laws in response to the spate of recent mass shootings , and other states have meaningful restrictions on firearms possession . It is true , however , that attitudes toward guns are different in different regions of the country . If certain states choose to have fewer firearms regulations , those choices should not be allowed to interfere with the policy decisions of those states that decide that a safer society requires more firearms regulations and fewer guns on the streets . Yet this is precisely what happens now where guns sold in low - or no-regulation states end up on the streets of those cities and states with far stricter regulation . Thus , we need -- as is being proposed -- to toughen the laws on "  straw man " purchases and firearms trafficking and to make it a federal crime to transport a gun into a state where possession of that gun would be illegal . 3 . Congressionally imposed restrictions placed on ATF 's ability to enforce existing laws should be removed . This includes ending the ban on the creation of a centralized firearms transaction database , but also ending restrictions like the ban on ATF 's ability to require gun dealers to conduct annual inventories to determine whether firearms have been lost or stolen .  Unfortunately we are instead seeing moves to make these kinds of restrictions permanent .  Opponents of new firearms regulations often argue that existing laws should be enforced before we pass new ones . Unfortunately , Congress is too often pressed to impose rules that make such enforcement less effective . Opinion : More gun mayhem , and yet we wait for action In the end , a sensible approach to gun violence would , among other non-law enforcement steps , include prohibitions directed at assault-type weapons , more regulation of handguns , less regulation of traditional long guns and working to make sure that federal , state and local law enforcement have the tools to enforce the laws relating to firearms . Unfortunately , logic does not always operate when the topic is guns . What are your views on gun control ? Share your thoughts The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Davis .	Richard Davis : Many thought massacre of 20 children , six adults would change gun debate He says we 're seeing a predictable pattern in which gun lobby blocks popular legislation Supreme Court decision on Second Amendment allows reasonable gun regulation , he says Davis : Congress must create system of universal background checks for gun purchasers
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Residents in parts of Bangkok cleared stores of bottled water and sought high ground to park their cars Thursday as government workers fought to contain flooding inching towards the capital city . Government officials ordered floodgates opened in an effort to relieve pressure on dams and levees as enormous amounts of water flowed towards the sea in Thailand 's worst flood in half a century . As of Thursday , the death toll had risen to 320 , with nearly 9 million others affected , authorities said . The decision to divert water through Bangkok means parts of the city will likely be flooded , Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra said . "  We need areas that water can be drained through so the water can flow out to the sea , " the Bangkok Post newspaper quoted her as saying Bangkok Gov. Sukhumbhand Paribatra asked residents to remain vigilant , but said the situation is not at a crisis level . Water has not topped the last barrier protecting the city and water levels north of the city are receding , he said . Yingluck said government officials would work to minimize the impact on populated areas . Government officials asked residents in seven districts at risk from flooding to move valuables to upper floors . Sukhumbhand said residents of three additional districts should be on alert for possible flooding . Officials predicted that water will enter northern Bangkok Friday . "  The situation is very uncertain as people are rushing to their homes to protect their belongings , " said Natasha Cheung , who works in northern Bangkok for the Christian aid organization World Vision . Authorities also expressed confidence that the country 's main international airport , Suvarnabhumi Airport , was prepared to withstand the water 's impact . Airport officials said a 3.5-meter-high flood prevention wall protects the airport . Overall damage from the floods could top $ 2 billion , with the worst yet to come as the waters destroy shops and paralyze factories nationwide , the Thai Finance Ministry said . A massive effort is under way to protect one of the nation 's largest industrial parks north of Bangkok that houses companies producing electronics and components for the automotive industry . At least 14,000 factories have been affected nationwide , with about 250,000 people out of a job due to the floods , according to Richard Han , the CEO of Hana Microelectronics . The flooding will also disrupt the production of computers , cameras and cars because a lot of Japanese companies have plants in the country , said Han , whose company is among those affected . Floodwaters have forced manufacturing sites north of Bangkok to halt operations . Last week , Honda said the closure of its plant there affected the production of at least 4,500 cars . In Bangkok , crews scrambled to widen canals and strengthen flood barriers amid fears that weekend rains and spring high tides would overwhelm parts of the city . In the ancient city of Ayutthaya , one of the worst-hit areas , officials said the water was starting to flow toward the rivers . The temples and monuments in the UNESCO-listed historical city have been submerged for days , prompting concern that much of the water damage will be permanent . Government officials said they have received $ 2.07 million in donations , including from other countries , as food and water aid pour in for the worst-hit areas . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	NEW : Bangkok residents scramble to prepare for flooding Nearly 9 million people are affected by flooding , authorities say It is the country 's worst flood in half a century "  The situation is very uncertain , " an aid worker says
SANTA BARBARA , California  CNN  -- Berkeley Breathed answers the door to his Santa Barbara home , a tall , slender figure in suede cowboy boots . Berkeley Breathed has left comic strips behind to focus on his writing -- particularly children 's books . But before he can extend a hand in greeting , he 's nudged aside by a canine companion eager to introduce herself . "  Pickles " offers a hearty welcome , vigorously shaking a tail that seems powerful enough to whack a lamp from an end table . The pit bull is one of a number of dogs that Breathed and his wife , Jody , have rescued over the years . His affection and concern for dogs form the heart of "  Flawed Dogs : The Shocking Raid on Westminster "  Philomel Books  , Breathed 's new illustrated novel , whose hero is a resilient dachshund with a soup ladle for a leg . Gallery : The art of Berkeley Breathed " It 's the latest children 's work from Breathed , the Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist behind "  Bloom County " and "  Opus , " who 's had great success with the genre . The earlier "  Mars Needs Moms ! " is set to be made into a movie produced by Robert Zemeckis . Breathed invited CNN to his mountainside home for a rare interview , which touched on topics ranging from his book to Michael Vick , Charles Schulz and his famous pen pal , Harper Lee . Watch Breathed read from "  Flawed Dogs " " The following is an edited version of the conversation : CNN : The hero of your book is quite an unusual dog . Berkeley Breathed : Sam the Lion he 's called , by Heidi -LSB- the girl -RSB- who finds him . ... The central part of the story is the fall of Sam from Heidi 's life and into the depths of horrors that dogs can sometimes experience in our world -- everything from being shot at , to research labs , to the worst dog shelters amongst the world of otherwise nice dog shelters , and he comes for revenge upon Cassius -LSB- a rival -RSB- . And Cassius is going to appear at the Westminster Dog Show coming up , so Sam has got to find a team of commandos to help him infiltrate and destroy the Westminster Dog Show . CNN : What was the inspiration for the story ? Breathed : The book happened because I came across both a picture and a quote at about the same time -- a picture of one of Michael Vick 's fight dogs . It was set to be put down , but a shelter in Utah decided to take the dog and a few others at the same time and try to rehabilitate them . ... This was the first time the dog had ever received any affection in its life . ... It 's the most moving picture of a dog I 've ever seen , having gone through an impossible transition and fallen back to where dogs naturally go , which is just loving people . CNN : "  Flawed Dogs " is put out by the "  young readers " division of the publisher . Breathed : I notice it 's getting a little bit of controversy in that people are coming to it assuming that it 's for the same audience that my picture books are for . And "  Flawed Dogs " the novel is definitely not . It 's perfect for an 8-year-old , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , but I would n't read this in the evening to my 5-year-old . And there is a difference . ... It 's revealed an issue that I 'm surprised about , which is the new preciousness that 's been brought to literature for children now . There is an abject fear of instilling any sort of dramatic trauma , of sadness , on the children who are receiving a story . ... And of course that was never a great concern in the past . The great children 's stories that we all grew up with , there are always moments of great tragedy and moving moments of loss in the book that we were n't afraid of -- as long as you bring them -LSB- young readers -RSB- back by the end and bring them to where a reader should be , a child should be . CNN : You do n't do a daily or a weekly comic strip anymore . How has that transition been ? Breathed : If this was still 1985 and everything that means ... it would still be deeply appealing to be a cartoonist . But not now . I 'm happy to leave that behind . The level of political rancor -- powered and driven by Web comment and cable news to a degree -- affects me like everybody else , and I get angry and I get annoyed and I get frustrated and that always translates into mediocre cartoons historically . ... I was getting too angry the last couple of years of cartooning , and it does n't do the art any good . I 'm very happy to let that go . CNN : When did you first discover , "  Wow , I can actually draw " ? Breathed : I could never really draw something . It was , "  Wow , I can actually draw or write something that amuses somebody . " And that was a dawning that did n't happen until college . ... The greatest cartoonists ever have really been very mediocre artists . Charles Schulz was always quick to admit that his skills in artistry were limited at best . And in his case it served the strip perfectly . If "  Peanuts " had been drawn with the artistry of "  Pogo " and a Disney animator , it would n't have worked . CNN : Animals were an integral part of your comic strips . Breathed : I knew that I wanted a strip with people but the focus on an animal , and an incongruous animal . ... So I looked around largely at an animal that had n't been done before in comic strips , an animal that is generally attractive to people and people feel immediately warm to and that just would be funny . You end up with a penguin pretty fast . Plus , he 's already standing , and he 's kind of got clothes on . CNN : Who are your heroes ? Breathed : "  To Kill a Mockingbird " was a huge influence on my work . Harper Lee and I have over the years exchanged letters , which has been a massive delight . I can tell you that when I announced the end of my comic-stripping career and that Opus -LSB- the penguin -RSB- was not only going to fade away but fade away permanently , I got a letter from Harper urging me to reconsider letting Opus go away forever . I should have written back and said , "  The moment you bring Scout back , I 'll bring Opus back . Is that a deal , Harper ? " Of all the people who should not be chastising me about stopping my career early , it would be Harper Lee . Opus really is a bit like Scout in that he 's circulating around in his world , and he 's surrounded by a lot of insanity , a lot of hatred , a lot of intolerance and ... he 's the ultimate innocent at the center of it . And that 's how Scout worked in that story . I suppose I needed an Atticus Finch for Opus , but I never had time to develop one . ... I 'm not an artist who is trying to be a novelist . I 've always been a writer and the art was the way to sell the writing and it 's been convenient in that way . ... I 'd be happy to leave that all and just be a writer if I could get away with it . I do n't think I can at this point . They -LSB- readers -RSB- expect the pictures . I 'm happy to oblige .	Berkeley Breathed 's new book , "  Flawed Dogs , " inspired by photo of abused dog After seeing picture , Breathed says he wanted to do story about dog horrors , rescue Breathed best known for comic strips "  Bloom County " and "  Opus " Among his fans : Harper Lee , who he says asked him not to end the Opus character
Women who give up careers to stay at home and raise their children should be paid a salary , according to one of South Africa 's most influential businesswomen . Wendy Luhabe , who in 1999 was recognized as one of the 50 leading women entrepreneurs of the world by the U.S.-based Star Group , says that stay-at-home moms should be given 10 % of their husbands ' earnings . "  A mommy salary , as a way of giving value to the work of bringing up children , so that it 's not a resentful choice that women have to make , " explains Luhabe . As well as a successful career in South Africa 's corporate boardrooms , Luhabe also has a long history of promoting gender equality -- in 1993 , she founded the Women Investment Portfolio Holdings , an initiative that enabled poor women to participate and invest in some of the country 's biggest companies . Luhabe , who in 2006 was also inaugurated as Chancellor of the University of Johannesburg , spoke to CNN 's Robyn Curnow , sharing some of her thoughts on women in the workplace . Below is an edited version of the interview . CNN : What 's a thought leader ? Wendy Luhabe : Someone who changes the rules of the game , who challenges the status quo . An example of that would be a wild thought that I 've been entertaining for a while , that mothers who choose to be at home should be paid a salary : 10 % of their husbands ' earnings should be attributed or contributed towards the mothers . CNN : A mommy salary ? WL : A mommy salary , as a way of giving value to the work of bringing up children , so that it 's not a resentful choice that women have to make . CNN : Do you think the work of women at home is undervalued ? WL : That is the underlying principle , that it is undervalued and because it 's undervalued it becomes , for some women , I think , a resentful choice . And money is the currency that we use to define value of a contribution to the world , so why should n't we do the same for the work of bringing up children , which I think is probably the most important contribution that the world should be valuing . CNN : So on the flip side , what 's your assessment of a growing number of women who choose to work as well as having kids ? Do you feel that women are stretching themselves too thin , particularly working mothers ? WL : I do n't think they are , I just think that we need to create an environment that allows women to make the choices that they want to make . If women choose to have children , they must be able to have the support structure that they require to do that joyfully , so that we can bring up children who are healthy , because the opposite side of that is we have children who are growing up without parents . CNN : Raised by nannies . WL : Who are raised by nannies and that creates its own problems in society , so if I had to choose I would choose a society where women make the choice to be at home to bring up their children , because they know that contribution will be valued and secondly when they go back to work they wo n't be penalized for having taken some time off to go and bring up children . So it 's really an idea that needs to be embraced by society , not so much for the benefit of women , but because we recognize that creating a society where children are properly brought up , preferably by their mothers , would create a much healthier society , a more stable society . CNN : A lot of people would maybe agree with you depending where they are and who they are and a lot of people will just write off this idea as utterly absurd . WL : But the world was never changed by people who have normal ideas , the world is always changed by people who have absurd ideas . CNN : All these years after the end of apartheid , have conditions improved for the South African women as much as you would like ? WL : Let me respond to that from a different perspective , we are living through what I call a revolution -- and some catastrophes -- as we sit here . The revolution is driven by technology which is changing the way that we communicate , which is exposing the hardships of the people at the bottom of the pyramid and which is giving the marginalized a voice . As we 've seen with the unexpected regime changes in Tunisia , in Egypt , the elections in Sudan , more recently the riots in London , when you look at that , it tells me that the marginalized are no longer prepared to give permission to those in power to determine their future or to dictate the circumstances of their existence . And that , for me , is an invitation for women to offer our experience , to offer our wisdom , to offer our leadership in a world that is riddled with moral bankruptcy . It is becoming quite pervasive in all aspects of our lives , with a leadership vacuum that is growing larger by the day and all of these things , both the revolution of technology and these catastrophes are an opportunity for women to step forward and provide leadership in a world that is desperate for some direction .	Wendy Luhabe is a prominent social entrepreneur and thought leader She says women giving up careers to look after their children should be paid Luhabe says the work of women at home is undervalued
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has had the weight of the free world on his shoulders for 2 1/2 years , and he might be starting to look like it . At 50 , which he turns Thursday , his hair is a little grayer , and his face and neck are a little more creased , than on the day he took office in January 2009 . You 'd expect some of that -- he is older . But Obama , like his predecessors , has had plenty to do . He 's waged battles over economic stimulus , health care and the debt ceiling . He 's juggled wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ; he committed to a campaign over Libya 's skies ; he chased Osama bin Laden ; and he dealt with a massive oil disaster off the Gulf Coast . Obama 's 50th birthday bash It 's tempting to think the office makes presidents look older than they are . The George W. Bush who left office in 2009 was not the youthful Bush before 9/11 . Bill Clinton 's hair was significantly whiter and his eyes baggier after eight years . Dr. Michael Roizen holds on to what he 's said for a while : That presidents effectively age twice as fast while in office . Roizen , a chief wellness officer at the Cleveland Clinic and co-founder of RealAge.com , said he based his opinion on his research of medical records of previous presidents , back to Theodore Roosevelt . Examining factors such as lifestyle habits , diet , blood pressure and physical activity , he said a person who has been president eight years has the risk of disability or dying of someone who is 16 years older . Got ta Watch : Happy Birthday , Mr. President "  The main cause is what we call unrequited stress -- they do n't have enough friends to mitigate the stress , " Roizen , who also co-authored "  You : The Owner 's Manual " with Dr. Mehmet Oz , said Wednesday . "  The major way most of us handle stress is through a number of techniques , but the most prominent way is to discuss it with friends . " Roizen added , "  The problem with presidents is , some of them lose friends , and the closest friend they have is usually the spouse . Look at what  Obama  has been under with the debt ceiling . Even his friends spoke ill of him . " Read more on what Roizen says about presidential aging Roizen , who also wrote "  RealAge : Are You as Young as You Can Be ? " said he has n't calculated Obama 's "  real age , " because of a lack of medial records . But records released in 2009 and 2010 show he effectively aged two years in one , in part because of his cholesterol values , he said . Not everyone who studies aging believes the office accelerates age appearance or risk of death . Eileen Crimmins , who holds the AARP chair at the University of Southern California 's Davis School of Gerontology , said research shows leaders in control of circumstances are less negatively affected by stress than people with less control over their environment -- such as poorer people and those with low-status jobs . Crimmins said presidents certainly face tons of stress , but they 're also likely to be people who thrive on it , and who have subordinates to help them manage stress . She also said presidents are high-status people who 've lived generally healthy lives before they became president . "  Obama is a smoker ... and it 's going to cost him . But aside from that , he 's a skinny man who went to Columbia and Occidental , " she said , arguing he benefits healthwise from his upbringing and status . And she said presidents generally exceed the life expectancy of their cohorts . Ronald Reagan made it to 93  although with Alzheimer 's  . Jimmy Carter is 86 . George H.W. Bush is 87 . "  They 're the cream of the socioeconomic crop . Generally they 've had pretty good lives and already made it to a fairly old age , so they 're going to live relatively long almost by definition , " Crimmins said . Not so fast , said Dr. Michael Irwin , director of the Cousins Center for Psychoneuroimmunology at the UCLA Neuropsychiatric Institute . Irwin , whose center studies how the mind and body influence each other , said it 's "  unequivocal that significant life stress perceived by a person does accelerate aging . " Both aging and stress produce similar stages in inflammation , the biological pathway that contributes to age-related diseases such as cardiovascular disease , dementia and some cancers , he said . "  A person under significant stress is essentially accelerating the aging process at a biological level , and also at a genetic level , " Irwin said . "  It 's activating the genes that drive inflammation . " Research by molecular biologist Elizabeth Blackburn also has shown that as people age , telomeres -- areas at the end of chromosomes -- shorten , and that this shortening along with inflammation is "  highly predictive of death , " Irwin said . "  Stress also produces accelerated shortening of telomeres , " Irwin said . "  If we look at a middle-aged person who is not under stress , compared to a  similar  person who has been under five years of stress , we 'd find an increase in inflammation and a shortening of these telomeres in the second person . Both changes are indicative of increased risk of death , " Irwin said . And stress can induce changes in appearance such as creased faces , Irwin and Roizen said . Irwin said presidents do have advantages -- generally they 're brought up in a good environment and healthy way . Presidents and everyone else can dampen the effects of stress with good lifestyle practices , strong social circles and proper sleep patterns , Irwin said . And some effects of accelerated aging -- beyond those that have changed certain physical appearances and caused permanent structural damage -- are reversible , Roizen said . "  The good news for presidents is , like everyone else , it 's reversible if you change your habits , " Roizen said . And , presumably , lessen that stress . CNN 's Madison Park contributed to this report .	President Obama celebrates his 50th birthday a little grayer than when he took office in 2009 One wellness expert maintains that presidents effectively age twice as fast while in office "  A person under significant stress is essentially accelerating the aging process , " doctor says Others who study aging do n't believe presidency accelerates age appearance or risk of death
CNN  There is an old saying among soldiers and correspondents who cover them that when two people drink from the same canteen in some desert , jungle or other war zone they have a bond for life . This came to me in the middle of the night last night as I failed to make sleep come hours after learning that my friend and long-time colleague Bob Simon had lost his life . Death took him in a car crash in New York City . Bob and I had drunk from the same canteen more than once during the 48 years we had known each other , 38 of those working together at CBS News . Once , in South Africa I think it was , we were talking over an adult beverage or two in the shank of an evening about dangerous assignments , a subject about which Bob was experienced and expert . With a piercing look and a hint of that slightly off-center smile he sometimes had , he said something along the lines of , "  More correspondents are injured getting out of the shower and more are killed in automobile accidents than probably anywhere else . " The irony of that memory mixed with how death took him is painful and lingers . I 've been trying for a long while to come up with an adequate way to describe how devastating Bob 's loss is to those of us who knew him , to CBS News and to quality journalism . But words are failing me . They never failed Bob . He was one of the best writers ever to work in television journalism . He was a master of expressing so much with so few words , perfectly chosen and ordered . But Bob 's words were more than just pretty or evocative . They were not there to stand on their own ceremony . They were chosen to convey information , important information , and lots of it . Bob could and often did write like a poet , but his every fiber was that of a journalist . He was old school , in the style of Edward R. Murrow : notepad , shoe-leather , play no favorites , pull no punches and go where the action is . To look at Bob 's roll call of overseas postings is to see the embodiment of a foreign correspondent . From Vietnam to Northern Ireland to his specialty , the Middle East , Bob thrived on difficult and dangerous assignments . His bravery was matched only by his unwavering professionalism . And yet , even here Bob 's story is incomplete . He did n't just witness history , he strived to understand it . Yes , he was fearless when bullets were flying , but he also never blinked when staring down a despot or thug in an interview . He was always prepared . He knew when he was being lied to or toyed with , and rather than shirk from the challenge , he would embrace it and become more determined to expose the truth , or as close to the truth as possible . Bob was sophisticated , one of the few genuine "  scholar correspondents " in television . He was extremely well read , urbane and poised . He also had a good sense of humor and sometimes was downright funny . There was no issue he could n't cover , no story he could n't tell . Television is of course a visual medium , but with a Bob Simon piece , if you closed your eyes and just listened , that was often enough . His words and his voice had that power . It was a privilege to know him , an honor to have worked with him . My deepest condolences go to his widow Francoise , and their beloved daughter , Tanya , herself a very accomplished journalist . I also mourn with the rest of the CBS News family . Bob was the very best of that network 's news traditions . He had unbounded curiosity and uncommon compassion . He searched out stories that he felt were important , and then brought them to light with an elegance and intuition that will be sorely missed everywhere that good journalism is valued . And within the "  60 Minutes " offices , his absence will be felt especially keenly : the twinkle in his eye , the joke , the story , just Bob being Bob , all of that gone in an instant . Now , only memories remain . That and the example he set . Godspeed my friend . May you continue to inspire those of us left behind . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Rather .	"  60 Minutes " correspondent Bob Simon died in a car accident Wednesday Dan Rather : Simon was one of the best writers ever to work in TV journalism
CNN  -- Legalized marijuana has found its way into playground commerce , leading to a group of Greeley , Colorado , fourth-graders being disciplined for selling and trading pot . The incident began when a boy sold a bag of marijuana to three classmates for $ 11 on Monday . The 10-year-old had taken the pot from his grandparents , school spokeswoman Teresa Myers said . One of the three children purchasing the pot , also 10 , could n't pay his portion , so they struck a deal . The next day , that child returned with a marijuana-laced candy bar he had also taken from a grandparent to trade for the pot , Myers said . Another child witnessed the transaction and saw one of the kids take a bite of the candy bar , she said . The witness reported it to an adult . Marijuana has been legal for recreational use since January 1 , so the grandparents involved have n't broken state law , said John Gates , the school district 's safety director . But he does n't feel they 're without blame . They 're guilty , at the least , of irresponsibility "  for not securing their weed , " Gates said . "  If the marijuana had n't been accessible , this would n't have happened , " he said . In a letter that went home with students , Monfort Elementary School Principal Jennifer Sheldon emphasized the new responsibilities that Colorado parents face with the legalization of marijuana . "  We urge all parents , grandparents and anyone who cares for children to treat marijuana as you would prescription drugs , alcohol or even firearms , " the letter said . "  This drug is potentially lethal to children , and should always be kept under lock and key , away from young people . " The children involved will be disciplined , but not expelled . "  We are n't trying to harm fourth-grade students who made a bad choice , " she said . "  This is an adult problem . "	School says boy sold classmates a bag of marijuana for $ 11 , and one could n't pay The fourth-grader who could n't pay returned the next day with a pot candy bar to trade Marijuana became legal in Colorado in January , so no state law broken , school says Letter urges parents to keep pot under lock and key like they would alcohol , firearms
CNN  -- After his plane ripped into pieces as it crashed Sunday night in a Utah neighborhood , the pilot was found burned and banged up but coherent , according to a witness . The Cessna 210 single-engine plane went down shortly before 6 p.m. in a residential area of Roy , Utah , according to Ogden police dispatcher Brittany Dean . The plane had been cleared for landing at nearby Ogden Airport when it crashed , said Mike Fergus of the Federal Aviation Administration . Gary Cox was in the neighborhood , attending a family birthday party , when the power went out right after the plane went down . He told CNN affiliate KSL that he and a few other people found a man , later identified as the pilot , lying on the ground . "  He was confused , hurt and in a lot of pain , " Cox said . "  But he was able to answer questions and get where he needed to be . " The plane 's engine sat in the front yard of a house , Cox said , with other parts strewn throughout the neighborhood . Roy fire Chief John Ritchie told KSL that the pilot was talking when he was transported to a local hospital , where he was in critical condition Sunday night . Two occupied homes -- one with three people inside , the other with two -- caught fire after the crash , Ritchie said . But no one inside was hurt and , within about an hour , firefighters were able to put out the fires . The crash knocked out power for 1,700 homes , starting at 5:58 p.m. , said Margaret Oler of Rocky Mountain Power . By 7:10 p.m. , power had been restored to all but 875 customers . A nearby elementary school was opened as a temporary shelter for those without heat and lights , Ritchie said . Visibility was minimal at the time of the crash , as the National Weather Service had issued a dense fog advisory for the area . That warning remains in effect until 9 a.m. Monday . Roy is about 6 miles southwest of Ogden , with the affected neighborhood near Ogden-Hinckley Airport . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : Power has been restored to all but 875 of 1,700 homes A single-engine planes crashes in a Utah residential neighborhood The pilot was hurt but coherent after the crash , a witness says Two occupied homes caught fire after the plane crashed
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Gen. Hahn Sung-Chu never believed North Korea could dig a tunnel that reached Seoul -- until now . Standing inside a basement of an apartment block in the heart of the capital , the former two-star general in the South Korean military says , "  This is a kind of invasion , North Korean soldiers working underneath us . " Hahn says residents had complained of underground vibrations , but the subway does not run beneath them . He says dowsers detected three tunnels , 13 to 16 feet  4 to 5 meters  wide at a depth of up to 39 feet  12 meters  . His team drilled two bore holes to lower a camera , but before they could , they detected two underground explosions and their drill holes were blocked . Hahn is certain that North Korean soldiers were working beneath their feet , protecting the tunnel . North Korea upgrades space center for larger rockets A history of tunnels Four tunnels from the North have been found in all , although none since 1990 . The South Korean Defense Ministry still officially looks for them as it believes there may be 20 in all , but the budget is small and tunnel hunters believe it is merely a token effort . North Korea has said the tunnels were not for invasion , but part of its mining industry . While the Defense Ministry believes there may be up to several tunnels dug under the Demilitarized Zone , it is convinced that none would reach as far as Seoul . It believes that Pyongyang would not be able to dig more than 6 miles  10 kilometers  from the DMZ -- the heavily fortified border -- because of the Imjin River . Seoul 's northwestern boundary is about 25 miles  40 kilometers  from the DMZ . "  To dig tunnels tens of kilometers , it must be angled properly , " says Defense Ministry spokesman Kim Min-Seok . "  There is a huge amount of groundwater in the Korean Peninsula , so water and soil have to be removed consistently . South Korea and the U.S. have always taken aerial photographs , and we found no evidence of this . " A view from a former North Korean official But a former intelligence official from North Korea says the notion is not as far-fetched as it might sound . The military defector , who is not using his name as he still has family in the North , said North Koreans "  usually pulled out soil and stones during the night so as not to be detected by the U.S. or South Korea . They dig into the ground vertically from 100 to 150 meters  328 to 492 feet  and slope upwards to South Korea so the water drains back to the North . " The man says he had knowledge of the tunnel digging when he lived in the North . Saying that operations peaked in the 1980s , he believes Pyongyang would still protect the multiple tunnels it dug over many decades . "  I was told the tunnels are not directly connected to the streets of Seoul because of the risk of being detected . The tunnels are connected to the sewers linked to the relevant organizations . " The relevant organizations that would be targeted are the U.S. Embassy , the Blue House presidential compound and government buildings , he says . The former official says that in case of war , infantry troops would flood into the tunnels dressed in American or South Korean uniforms . The tunnels would then be blown up behind them so there would be no retreat . But in recent years , many suspected tunnels have been proved false . And concerns about Pyongyang have shifted to its nuclear ambitions and long-range ballistic missiles . Tunnel hunters do not always get much respect in South Korea . But Hahn , and others who have dedicated their time and money to the search , say the government should not ignore the threat they believe exists under their very feet .	Ex-S . Korean general suspects a North Korean tunnel is under a Seoul apartment block But S. Korean Defense Ministry believes tunnels ca n't extend beyond 6 miles from the DMZ A defector says tunnel operations peaked in the 1980s
CNN  -- Second seed Rafael Nadal was sent crashing out of Wimbledon , as he was beaten in five sets by unknown Czech player Lukas Rosol . Rosol , ranked 100 in the world , sealed the biggest win of his life to record one of the biggest shocks in Grand Slam history . He worried Nadal in a gruelling first-set tie break , but when Nadal held his nerve to win , it looked as though normal service would be resumed . But Rosol fought back to win 6-7  9-11  , 6-4 , 6-4 , 2-6 , 6-4 in three hours and 18 minutes and become the lowest-ranked player to beat Nadal in a Grand Slam tournament . Nadal has not lost a Grand Slam match at the second round stage for seven years , and Rosol looked as surprised as everyone , as he described the win as "  a miracle . " Even so , Nadal was outplayed as Rosol controlled the game throughout and kept his nerve as the pressure grew throughout against a player with 11 Grand Slam titles to his name . Fourth seed Andy Murray , in the same half of the draw as Nadal and Rosol , was also given a stern test by big-serving Croat Ivo Karlovic before winning through to the third round at Wimbledon . The 6ft 10in Karlovic made it an uncomfortable afternoon in the heat of Centre Court for British number one Murray . Murray edged the first set 7-5 but wasted a couple of passing opportunities in the second set tie break as Karlovic levelled . But the Scot responded well , winning the third set 6-2 in just 33 minutes before surviving another tie break to win through in four sets in three hours and 27 minutes . The look of relief on Murray 's face when victory was confirmed told the story of the game -- and that feeling was echoed all around Centre Court , as Murray left to a standing ovation . "  Winning is all that matters , " Murray said . He added : "  He 's a tough opponent and there are very few who play like him . " Murray will meet Marcos Baghdatis in the third round after his Cypriot opponent Grigor Dimitrov retired through injury when trailing 7-5 4-1 . Another home player in fine form was British number two James Ward , who took 10th seed Mardy Fish all the way in a gruelling five-set match . Fish won the first set before being pegged back and saw a match point go to waste in the fourth set before Ward took it on a tied-break . But Fish broke his young opponent 's serve -- and his brave resistence -- midway through the fifth to seal a 6-3 5-7 6-4 6-7  3-7  6-3 . Argentine Juan del Potro also won in four sets as he saw off Go Soeda 6-2 6-3 1-6 6-4 on Court 18 .	Second seed Rafa Nadal beaten by unknown Czech player Lucas Rosol at Wimbledon Rosol , ranked 100 in world , becomes lowest ranked player to beat Nadal in Grand Slam Andy Murray through to third round with win over Ivo Karlovic British number two James Ward beaten in five sets by tenth seed Mardy Fish
Santiago de Compostela , Spain  CNN  -- Police in Spain have accused the driver of a train that derailed in northwestern Spain , killing at least 78 people , of "  reckless homicide , " the country 's interior minister said Saturday . The judge has until Sunday evening local time to decide whether to press formal charges against Francisco Jose Garzon , Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz told reporters in Santiago de Compostela . The driver , who spent the past two days under detention in hospital , guarded by police , is now at the police headquarters , he said . The data recorders from the train are still with police , he added . Separately , a spokesman for the Galician regional Supreme Court told CNN Saturday morning that the judge had not yet questioned Garzon . Questions have focused on the speed at which the train was traveling as it entered a curve in the track near Santiago de Compostela on Wednesday evening . The crash on the outskirts of the city , which is popular with tourists and Christian pilgrims and was preparing to celebrate a saint 's day Thursday , shocked the Galician region and the nation . Fernandez Diaz told reporters earlier Saturday there are "  rational indications " that the accident is the fault of the driver . Pressed on what those indications are , he declined to give more details . The driver is not scheduled to appear in court Saturday . But a statement from a regional court said , "  The intention , if it is possible , is that he makes an appearance in the courts . " Galicia regional police chief Jaime Iglesias told reporters Friday that the driver was under police detention because of "  a crime . " Asked what crime , he responded : "  Well ... in connection to the accident , in connection with his recklessness , in connection with causing the accident . " The crumpled wreckage of the eight train cars sent careering onto their sides when the train derailed has now been removed from the tracks , but the grim task of identifying the dead continues . Maria Pardo Rios , a spokeswoman for the Galicia regional supreme court , told CNN late Friday that 75 victims had been identified from at least 78 people killed . At least 63 of the dead are Spanish , she said . Also among them is one U.S. citizen , Ana-Maria Cordoba from Arlington , Virginia , and a number of people from Europe and Latin America . As they are identified , most of the bodies are being returned to their grieving families , a statement from the regional justice department said . DNA testing is to be done on some remains to establish their identity and to how many people they belong , it said . Police forensic experts said at a news conference Saturday that there are 37 body parts that must still be tested to see whether they belong to bodies that have already been identified , or to others not yet known . About 80 people who were injured in the crash remained in hospital Saturday , about a third of them still listed in critical condition . At least five U.S. citizens were injured , said State Department deputy spokeswoman Marie Harf . Local newspaper La Voz de Galicia said that a funeral service for the victims would be held on Monday evening in the cathedral in Santiago de Compostela . Going too fast ? Spanish news agency Efe and national daily El Pais cited sources within the investigation as saying that the driver had said the train was traveling about 190 kilometers per hour  120 mph  . Elena Garcia , a spokeswoman for national railway Renfe , on Friday did not disclose the speed the train was traveling on an express track , where cars can move as fast as 250 kph . She did say , though , the speed limit for the bend of track where the crash occurred is 80 kph . Rafael Catala , secretary of state for transport and housing , told Spanish radio network Cadena SER that the "  tragedy appears to be linked to the train going too fast , " but that the reasons it was going so fast are not yet known . The express passenger service was nearing the end of a six-hour trip from Madrid to the town of Ferrol in northwest Spain when the crash occurred , the state railway said . Security footage revealed how , as the train hurtled around a bend , its cars derailed and slammed on their sides into a concrete support structure for a bridge . Flames burst out of one train car as another car was snapped in half in the crash . Rescue crews and fellow passengers pulled bodies through broken windows and pried open doors as stunned survivors looked on . Maria Vigo , whose home is on the bank above the rail tracks , told CNN how she heard a crash , and then the deafening squeal of metal on concrete . "  When I saw the rail car flip into the air , I imagined something just horrible had happened , " she said . She and husband Suso sought to help the injured , taking bed sheets to wrap round the injured and ropes to haul the survivors off the tracks . Firefighter Miguel Angel Bello said the first four minutes after he arrived on the scene were a desperate race against time . He and fellow firefighters smashed windows and kicked in doors to pull out the passengers trapped inside as rail cars went up in flames . A young girl in the wreckage called out to him . "  She was under wreckage she said she wanted to get out and go home but she died , " he said . Survivor : We looked like the walking dead Stephen Ward , an 18-year-old from Bountiful , Utah , who is in Spain serving on a Mormon religious mission , was one of the lucky ones . Still patched up and wearing a neck brace , he told CNN 's "  New Day " show of his ordeal -- and his relief that he made it out alive and without permanent injury . Ward blacked out when the car he was in slammed on to its side , regaining consciousness only as he was being helped out of the train . It took him a couple of minutes to grasp that what he was seeing outside was not a dream -- and that people were dead . "  They were helping out other people -- there were bodies , there was screaming , there was smoke . " The survivors looked like the walking dead , he said . "  I 've got staples all over my scalp , I was covered in blood . They 've scrubbed most of it off me now but everyone was just covered in their own blood and occasionally the blood of others . It was gruesome to say the least . " Another victim , speaking from a hospital bed with his arm in a sling , told CNN affiliate Atlas that it seemed like the train was going fast . "  But we did n't know what was the maximum speed , so I thought it was normal , " he said , "  And suddenly there was a curve , the suitcases fell , and everything went dark . And I hit my head a ton of times , and 10 seconds later I was wedged between seats , and I had people 's legs on top of me . " As he waited for rescuers to pull him from the wreckage , he heard other passengers yelling . "  I heard little children screaming . ... I also heard two girls that yelled out , one supporting the other , " he said . The derailment came on the eve of a public holiday to celebrate a saint 's day , when more people than usual may have been traveling in the region . Planned festivities in Santiago de Compostela and across Galicia were canceled after the crash . CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Santiago de Compostela and Laura Perez Maestro from Galicia . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Al Goodman , Lindsay Isaac , Jonathan Helman , Catherine E. Shoichet , Elwyn Lopez , Patrick Sung , Jill Dougherty and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Forensic experts must carry out DNA tests on body parts to see who they belong to NEW : The judge has until Sunday evening to decide whether to press formal charges Interior Minister says police have accused the train driver of "  reckless homicide " At least 78 people died in the train crash near Santiago de Compostela in Galicia
CNN  -- China has killed 13,000 birds in the country 's far northwest to control what it called an epidemic of bird flu , state media reported Tuesday . Since the end of 2003 , the H5N1 virus has infected birds in over 60 countries in Africa , Asia and Europe . Five hundred fowl that had died in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region tested positive for the H5N1 virus , according to China 's Ministry of Agriculture . In late January , China confirmed its sixth case of bird flu in a human . The ministry said at the time that , although further human bird flu cases were possible throughout China , there would n't be a large-scale outbreak , state run news agency Xinhua and CCTV reported . The country also announced it was setting up a nationwide network to test for the H5N1 virus . Following a bird flu outbreak in late January , India culled more than 4,000 birds in the remote northeastern state of Sikkim . Health officials also detected dozens of cases of upper respiratory infection among humans , but none of the patients had any history of handling sick poultry , a government spokesperson said . Sikkim borders Nepal and China . Since the end of 2003 , the H5N1 virus has infected many species of birds in more than 60 countries in Africa , Asia and Europe . It has not been found in birds in North or South America or the Caribbean , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations . Human-to-human transmission of avian flu is rare , but the virus has passed from poultry to humans in some cases . It has killed more than 200 people since 2003 . China reported its first human-to-human infection case in 2005 . Of the 34 cases confirmed to date in the country , 23 had been fatal , the World Health Organization said in late January .	China kills 13,000 birds in northwest to control what it calls an epidemic of bird flu 500 fowl that died in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region tested positive for H5N1 In late January , China confirmed its sixth case of bird flu in a human The virus has killed more than 200 people since 2003
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's father suspects his son was murdered and that Dr. Conrad Murray is "  just a fall guy " in a conspiracy . Joe Jackson appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Monday night , just hours after sitting in a courtroom to hear Murray plead not guilty to a single charge of involuntary manslaughter in his son 's death last summer . A Los Angeles judge set bail at $ 75,000 , despite arguments from the prosecutor that Murray is a flight risk and needs a higher bail . Murray posted the bond and was released several hours later . Michael Jackson 's family , including his parents , four of his brothers and one sister , filled the first two rows of the small courtroom . "  I was looking for justice , and justice , to me , would be a murder charge , " Joe Jackson told King . Prosecutors charged Murray , who was Jackson 's personal physician , with causing the pop star 's death "  without malice " by acting "  without due caution and circumspection . " Murray was with the pop star when he died on June 25 , 2009 . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled Jackson 's death a homicide , resulting from a combination of drugs , primarily propofol -- a powerful anesthesia -- and lorazepam . Joe Jackson suggested it was more than a doctor making a fatal judgment . "  To me , he 's just a fall guy , " Jackson said . "  There 's other people , I think , involved with this whole thing . But I think that he 's interrogated -- he would come clean and tell everything he knows . " He said Michael Jackson told his mother , as he was preparing for his comeback concerts in London , England , last year , that he thought he would be killed . "  He was afraid to even do all of these shows , because he was afraid that he would n't get a chance to finish all of the show , " Joe Jackson said . "  He could n't do all those shows back-to-back . Even his kids say that he had told them that he would be murdered . " Murray turned himself in shortly before 4 p.m. at a branch courthouse near Los Angeles International Airport . He pleaded not guilty during a brief hearing before Judge Keith L. Schwartz . The judge refused to suspend Murray 's medical license as a term of his bond , but he did order him not to use any anesthesia on patients . "  I do n't want you sedating people , " Schwartz told Murray . Read the criminal complaint The involuntary manslaughter charge means that Murray caused Jackson 's death by acting "  without due caution and circumspection . " If convicted , Murray would face a maximum four-year prison sentence , according to prosecutors . More on involuntary manslaughter Jackson family members later reacted to what they saw in the courtroom : "  Not enough , " Jermaine Jackson said when asked what he thought of the charge . "  I do n't like what happened , " Joe Jackson said as he left the courthouse . La Toya Jackson later issued a statement through a publicist . "  Michael was murdered and although he died at the hands of Dr. Conrad Murray , I believe Dr. Murray was a part of a much larger plan , " her statement said . "  There are other individuals involved and I will not rest and I will continue to fight until all of the proper individuals are brought forth and justice is served . " Her statement did not elaborate on what she meant in her reference to "  a much larger plan . " Murray traveled to Los Angeles at the end of January from his home in Houston , Texas , in expectation of possible charges , his lawyer said . He used part of his time last week to visit the pop star 's resting place in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale , California . Murray , a cardiologist , was hired as Jackson 's personal physician last spring as the singer prepared for comeback concerts in London , England . The doctor told Los Angeles police that he was with Jackson at his $ 100,000-a-month rented Holmby Hills mansion through the early morning hours of June 25 , 2009 , in an effort to help the pop star fall asleep , according to a police affidavit . He administered sleep aids , and after Jackson finally began sleeping in the late morning hours , Murray said , he left the bedroom for "  about two minutes maximum , " the affidavit says . "  Upon his return , Murray noticed that Jackson was no longer breathing , " it says . The doctor stayed with Jackson as an ambulance rushed him to UCLA Medical Center . Efforts at CPR proved fruitless , and Jackson was pronounced dead at 2:26 p.m. . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled Jackson 's death a homicide , resulting from a combination of drugs , primarily propofol and lorazepam . The coroner 's statement said Jackson died from "  acute propofol intoxication , " but there were "  other conditions contributing to death : benzodiazepine effect . " Lorazepam and two other drugs Murray said he used are benzodiazepines . The doctor told investigators he had given Jackson three anti-anxiety drugs to help him sleep in the hours before he stopped breathing , a police affidavit said . Murray had been treating Jackson for insomnia for six weeks at the time of the singer 's death . The doctor told investigators he gave Jackson 50 milligrams of propofol , the generic name for Diprivan , diluted with the anesthetic lidocaine every night via an intravenous drip . The doctor told police he was worried that Jackson was becoming addicted to the drug and tried to wean him off it . During the two nights before Jackson 's death , Murray said , he put together combinations of other drugs that succeeded in helping Jackson sleep . The full autopsy report , which was released Monday afternoon , included an analysis by an anesthesiology consultant of the use of propofol . The consultant , Dr. Selma Calmes , concluded that the "  standard of care for administering propofol was not met . " "  There was no evidence of an infusion pump for control of an IV infusion . No monitors were found at the scene ; a blood pressure cuff and portable pulse oximeter were recovered from a closet in the next room , " Calmes wrote . An oxygen tank was found near where Jackson slept , but it was empty when the coroner investigator checked it two weeks after Jackson died , Calmes said . "  Multiple opened bottles of propofol were found with small amounts of remaining drugs , " Calmes said . "  A used bottle should be discarded six hours after opening , to avoid possible bacterial growth . " "  The level of propofol found on toxicology exam are similar to those found during general anesthesia for major surgery , " Calmes said . During such surgery , any patient would be "  intubated and ventilated by an anesthesiologist , " she said . The consultant 's report said that the level of lorazepam found in Jackson "  would have accentuated the respiratory and cardiovascular depression from propofol . " CNN 's Stan Wilson and Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	On "  Larry King Live , " Joe Jackson says he believes Michael was murdered Father says MJ had expressed fears that he would be murdered before London shows Dr. Conrad Murray pleads not guilty to a single charge of involuntary manslaughter Judge sets bail at $ 75,000 ; Murray posts bond and out of jail several hours later
Boston  CNN  Dun Meng knew to pull over his Mercedes-Benz SUV to respond to a text message that night in April 2013 . That 's when a man got out of another car , jumped into his SUV and pointed a gun at him . "  He asked me , ` Do you know the Boston Marathon explosion ? ' " Meng told a crowded courtroom Thursday , speaking in halting English . An interpreter who spoke Meng 's native Mandarin sat next to him but was not needed . "  He asked , ` You know who did it ? I did it and I just killed a policeman in Cambridge , ' " Meng said a man later identified as Tamerlan Tsarnaev told him . Meng was on the witness stand in the death penalty trial of admitted Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , Tamerlan 's younger brother . He recalled seeing the flashing lights of police cars in Cambridge earlier that night . "  After that , how did you feel ? " Assistant U.S. Attorney William Weinreb asked . "  Terrified . The whole world is looking for him at the time . ... I thought it was just a typical robbery . " There was nothing typical about the days after the Boston Marathon bombings , which killed three people and hurt more than 240 others . Timeline of the bombings , manhunt and aftermath Prosecutors say Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev had earlier killed Massachusetts Institute of Technology police Officer Sean Collier because they wanted his gun . But their efforts to take it were thwarted by a safety holster . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who was 19 at the time , does not dispute he was present when Collier was killed on the evening of April 18 , 2013 , nor does he deny that he participated in the bombings three days earlier . He is being tried on 30 charges -- 17 of which carry the possibility of the death penalty . Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , would not survive the night . He was killed in a chase and gunbattle with police that began with reports of an "  officer down " at MIT . It was after Collier 's killing that Meng encountered the Tsarnaev brothers . Tsarnaev 's ` manifesto ' : OK to kill civilians At the time , he was working on his master 's degree at Northeastern University . Meng , a partner at a company that created a food delivery app , recalled feeling tired after work . He drove along the Charles River with no destination in mind . He pulled over after receiving a text message . "  I 'm a traffic engineer , and I know it is unsafe to text while I 'm driving , " he said . A car pulled up quickly and stopped . A man in the car walked over . Meng said he thought the man wanted directions . Instead , the man pulled open the SUV door and climbed in . Meng said Tamerlan Tsarnaev demanded cash . He said he had about $ 45 on him . "  He said , ` That 's not enough . Where 's your wallet ? ' So I give him my wallet , but there 's no cash in the wallet . " The man pulled the magazine out of his handgun . He showed Meng it was loaded . "  I 'm serious , " Meng testified that the man told him moments before admitting to being the Boston Marathon bomber . "  So do n't be stupid . " Jurors see Tsarnaev 's writings on boat After he handed over the cash , Meng said the man ordered him to drive . He said Dzhokhar Tsarnaev followed in a Honda but later got in the backseat of the SUV . "  He ordered me to every direction , " he said of Tamerlan Tsarnaev . "  We had a conversation . ... He asked me my name and he asked me where I 'm from . First few minutes my hands were shaking and I was having trouble driving . I was very scared . " Meng said his name was Manny . The man laughed when he thought Meng said Nanny . "  I said I 'm Chinese . He said , ` OK , you are Chinese . I am Muslim and Muslims hate Americans . ' I responded , ` I 'm Chinese . Chinese are very friendly toward Muslims . ' " At one point , the carjacker asked Meng for the PIN code on his bank card . "  I tell him the PIN code , " he testified . "  It started with 86 , somebody 's birthday . He asked me if I was born in 1986 , and I said yes . " Meng testified that he asked Tamerlan Tsarnaev : "  Are you going to kill me tonight ? He told me , ` I 'm not going to kill you . Just relax , man . ' " The witness pointed to Dzhokhar Tsarnaev as the man who later sat in the backseat behind him . The men played a CD as they drove around . "  I would say weird , " he said of the music . "  It sounded religious . " New surveillance footage revealed At one point , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev went into a gas station convenience store to pay for gas and load up on snacks , Meng testified . Tamerlan fiddled with a GPS device . Meng unbuckled his seat belt , opened the SUV door and got away , dashing across the street to another service station . He never looked back . Meng begged a worker to call the police . He hid there until officers arrived . It was "  the most difficult decision in my life , " he said . "  I could feel he was trying to grab me . His hand was so close to my left hand I could feel the wind . " Cambridge police Officer Michael Nickerson had to talk Meng out of a gas station storage room when he arrived . "  He was trembling , " Nickerson testified . "  He was very scared . You could tell he was a victim of something . " Tsarnaev 's connections : Who 's who CNN Ann O'Neill reported from Boston , Ray Sanchez wrote from New York .	Testimony focuses on carjacking after the Boston Marathon bombings Dun Meng says one of carjackers admitted to being a bomber and to killing an MIT officer
Scientists have found what they 're describing as a "  lost world " on the northern tip of Queensland , Australia , hosting at least three previously undocumented species , including a frog that makes love in the rain . The discovered species , which also include a leaf-tail gecko and a golden skink , have been isolated in a remote mountain range on Cape York Peninsula for millions of years , according to James Cook University . The joint expedition between the university and National Geographic in March led James Cook 's Conrad Hoskin and Harvard University researcher Tim Laman , a National Geographic photographer , to the rugged range in northeast Australia 's Cape Melville , where millions of black granite boulders as big as houses and cars are piled hundreds of meters high . Scientists have previously surveyed the base of the cape mountains , but the hot , dry , boulder-strewn rainforest on the plateau atop them is largely unexplored . A helicopter took Hoskin , Laman and a National Geographic film crew to the uplands . "  Finding three new , obviously distinct vertebrates would be surprising enough in somewhere poorly explored like New Guinea , let alone in Australia , a country we think we 've explored pretty well , " Hoskin said in a statement from the university . 441 new species found in Amazon The scientists found a "  host of other interesting species " that may also be new to science , but the three vertebrates , which are described as highly distinct , will be documented in this month 's issue of Zootaxa , a peer-reviewed journal for animal taxonomists . Hoskin said the highlight of the expedition was the Cape Melville Leaf-Tailed Gecko , a "  primitive-looking " lizard that is considered a relic from the days when the rainforest was more widespread in Australia . It can grow up to 20 centimeters  almost 8 inches  long . The gecko is a night hunter and hides in the boulders during the day . At night , the highly camouflaged critter sits motionless , head down , awaiting passing insects and spiders on rocks and in trees . Its big eyes and long , slender body and limbs are likely "  adaptations to life in the dimly lit boulder fields , " the release said . Hoskin , who said he knew it was a new species as soon as he saw it , named it Saltuarius eximius , meaning exceptional or exquisite , in reference to its distinct appearance . "  The Cape Melville Leaf-Tailed Gecko is the strangest new species to come across my desk in 26 years working as a professional herpetologist . I doubt that another new reptile of this size and distinctiveness will be found in a hurry , if ever again , in Australia , " said Patrick Couper , curator of reptiles and frogs at Queensland Museum . The Cape Melville Shade Skink is also a lanky fellow , but unlike its gecko neighbor , it can be found hunting during the day , hopping across mossy boulders in search of insects . It has a golden hue and is isolated to the plateau rainforest . It has been dubbed Saproscincus saltus . Saltus means leaping , according to the university 's news release . Also discovered was the Blotched Boulder Frog , which is found only in the boulder field at Cape Melville . Its species name , Cophixalus petrophilus , means rock-loving . "  During the dry season the frog lives deep down in the labyrinth of the boulder field where conditions are cool and moist . In the summer wet season the frog emerges on the surface rocks to feed and breed in the rain , " the news release says , adding that the frog only comes to the surface when it 's raining . There are no nearby bodies of water , so the frog reproduces by laying its eggs in the moist rock cracks . The tadpoles develop within the eggs , which the male frog guards until the froglets hatch . "  These species are restricted to the upland rainforest and boulder fields of Cape Melville . They 've been isolated there for millennia , evolving into distinct species in their unique rocky environment , " Hoskin said . Given the discoveries , there will likely be more expeditions -- and more secrets uncovered -- on Cape Melville in the future . "  The top of Cape Melville is a lost world . Finding these new species up there is the discovery of a lifetime , " Hoskin said . "  I 'm still amazed and buzzing from it . " Follow Eliott C. McLaughlin on Twitter : @CNNWriters	Scientists say the three new species have been isolated in forest for millions of years Discovered species include leaf-tail gecko , golden skink and a boulder-dwelling frog Herpetologist : Gecko is "  strangest new species to come across my desk in 26 years " Finding species in "  lost world " of Cape Melville is "  discovery of a lifetime , " scientist says
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian security forces have killed an al Qaeda emissary who fought alongside Chechen rebels , officials said Wednesday . Doger Sevdet , also known as Abdulla Kurd , was killed in Russia 's northern Caucasus region , according to a statement from the Russian National Anti-Terrorist Committee . Russia says that Sevdet had fought with Chechen rebels in one of several al Qaeda units that were led by Arab field commanders Ibn ul-Khattab , Abu al-Walid and Abu Hafs -- all of whom are now dead as well . Sevdet , a Turkish citizen by birth , moved to the restive Russian region in 1991 after living in neighboring Georgia , the statement said . He later became al Qaeda 's point man in the Northern Caucasus , officials say , assuming control of international money transactions for the regional group soon after Yusef Muhammed al Emirat , a native of Saudi Arabia , was killed by Russian security forces in a sting operation last month in the mountainous district of south Chechnya . The current round of the Russia-Chechnya conflict dates back nearly 20 years , with Chechens having laid claim to land in the Caucasus Mountains region . Thousands have been killed and 500,000 Chechen people have been displaced by the fighting . Chechnya is located in the North Caucasus region of Russia between the Black and Caspian seas .	Russian security forces kill al Qaeda emissary Doger Sevdet fought alongside Chechen rebels Chechnya is located in the North Caucasus region of Russia
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- Zarni Aung 's not sure how he contracted HIV -- it may have been from a tainted needle or a sex worker . Either way , the virus saw his weight plunge below 40 kilograms before he left his home in Aunglan Township to seek help in Myanmar 's largest city , Yangon . Now 34 , Zarni Aung is working for MÃ © decins Sans FrontiÃ ¨ res  MSF  -- or Doctors without Borders -- as a counselor for HIV patients too scared to expose their illness for fear of being ostracized or ignored . "  I 'm no longer afraid to speak out , " he says in halted English at MSF headquarters , occasionally stopping to sip tea and get the words straight in his head . He 's a singer who , at the height of his illness , was too sick to peform , but after his treatment clinched third place in Myanmar Music Idol , the country 's version of American Idol . Just over one year ago , MSF issued an urgent plea for help to treat an estimated 85,000 Burmese people with HIV . At the time only a fraction were getting vital antiretroviral therapy  ART  , creating heartbreaking decisions for doctors who had to choose who was treated and who was turned away . "  Every day we are confronted with the tragic consequences of these decisions : desperately sick people and unnecessary deaths , " the head of MSF 's Myanmar mission , Peter Paul de Groote , said in a report , "  Lives in the Balance , " released in February 2012 . It was n't a new phenomenon . Back in 2008 , the medical group issued an even more desperate call for help to halt Myanmar 's HIV epidemic . The situation for sufferers was critical , it warned , due to a severe lack of ART . "  Unless ART provision is rapidly scaled-up , many more people will needlessly suffer and die , " De Groote warned in the report "  A Preventable Fate . " At the time , of 240,000 estimated to be carrying the HIV virus , 76,000 were in urgent need of ART . Of those , only 11,000 people were being treated . Fast-forward to 2013 and the numbers tell the story of a dire situation brought back from the brink . Around 125,000 people are now estimated to need ART in Myanmar but money has been pledged to retreat 85 % of them , around 106,000 people , said Dr. Khin Nyein Chan , MSF 's medical coordinator in Yangon . It 's due to the return of The Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , which pulled its funding in 2011 due to a lack of donations . Just over $ 160 million has been pledged until the end of 2016 to pay for HIV treatment and prevention programs for people most at risk of falling ill . The return of funding follows the transition of power from the military junta that ruled Myanmar for 50 years to democratically elected President Thein Sein , who took office in March 2011 . Since then , international sanctions have been lifted and the country 's been working with foreign governments and delegations to repair decades of neglect . While new funding for HIV treatment is flowing into the country , MSF warns that extending healthcare to 106,000 people is a slow process . So far the medication is only reaching 50,000 . "  We still need to overcome a lot of challenges ahead , "  said Dr. Khin Nyein Chan . "  There is a need for capacity building , decentralizing the care delivery , and the stronger engagement of partners , including the Ministry of Health . " And there 's another pressing issue : Eradicating the stigma associated with having HIV in Myanmar . That 's where Zarni Aung comes in . In 2006 , when he was first diagnosed , he was too scared to speak out for fear of people 's reactions . He started attending group sessions at MSF and soon realized that he was one of the few people he could find the strength to talk . "  Most of the patients were depressed so I disclosed my status and experience to help support them , " he said . He tells the story of an HIV patient whose family refused to attend his funeral , and of the HIV positive eight-year-old boy who went home crying from school after his teacher told him not to play with other children . Zarni Aung now gives talks in schools and to anyone else who will listen as part of the support group Myanmar Positive . His claims of discrimination against Myanmar 's HIV patients are backed by a UNAIDS report released in 2011 . The "  People Living with HIV Stigma Index " found that 31 % of Burmese respondents said that they had been excluded from social gatherings , including weddings , parties , funerals , because of their HIV status . It was the highest proportion of nine Asian countries surveyed , including Thailand , Pakistan and China . One quarter said , within the last 12 months , they had felt discriminated against by their own families , 45 % said they had been verbally or physically assaulted and 78 % said they were aware that people were talking about them behind their backs . One quarter felt suicidal and around the same number said discrimination had forced them to quit their jobs . Zarni Aung says attitudes are beginning to change , but it will take time and a change in government policy to protect the rights of HIV patients . But he has a powerful ally in the form of Burmese opposition leader and Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi , who last month joined 200 people for a candlelight vigil to remember those who have died from AIDS-related illnesses . "  Respect for the human rights of people living with HIV must be promoted , " she told the crowd . "  We also need to protect the people who live on the fringes of society who struggle every day to maintain their dignity and basic human rights . "  I believe that with true compassion -- the invisible cord that binds us to other human beings regardless of race , personal status , religion and national borders -- we can get results for all people . " Han Thar Nyein contributed to this report .	New funding means more Burmese HIV patients are receiving treatment Discrimination is still a problem , many sufferers are too scared to reveal status Zarni Aung has HIV and is now working with MSF to combat the HIV stigma in Myanmar According to a UNAIDS survey , one third say they 've been socially excluded
New York  CNN  -- An unlicensed counselor in Brooklyn 's ultra-Orthodox Jewish community was sentenced Tuesday to spend the rest of his life in prison after repeatedly sexually abusing a young girl in his care . Brooklyn Supreme Court Justice John Ingram handed Nechemya Weberman a 103-year-sentence without the prospect of parole . Weberman , 54 , was found guilty in December on 59 counts , including sexual conduct against a girl he was advising over the course of three years . "  The abuse of a child can not be swept under the rug or dealt with by insular groups believing only they know what is best for their community , " District Attorney Charles Hynes said in a statement . The abuse began in 2007 , when the girl 's parents hired Weberman to help their then-12-year-old daughter . It continued -- mostly in his office -- until 2010 , the district attorney 's office said . "  I suffered great psychological damage and fell into severe depression , " said the victim , whom CNN is not naming because she is a minor . The case brought scrutiny on the Satmar Hasidic community , many of whom live in the insular Orthodox Jewish neighborhood of South Williamsburg , Brooklyn . "  We honestly and truly believe that this was a setup , " said defense attorney George Farkas after sentencing . "  He knows that his future lies in the appellate process . " The case came to light when four men were arrested and accused of trying to bribe the victim and her boyfriend to get them to drop the case against Weberman , a spokesman for the district attorney said . Teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting Police : TV host exploited fame to abuse children	"  We honestly and truly believe that this was a setup , " defense attorney says Nechemya Weberman , 54 , had been found guilty on all 59 counts he was facing The abuse began in 2007 , when the girl 's parents hired the unlicensed counselor The case came to light when four men were accused of trying to bribe the victim
Talakovka , Ukraine  CNN  Artillery and rocket fire can be heard almost constantly in the village Talakovka , about 10 kilometers from the strategic port city of Mariupol in southern Ukraine . The Ukrainian army has dug in here , fearing a possible last-minute assault by pro-Russian separatists ahead of a planned ceasefire late Saturday . Armored vehicles with cannons mounted on top fired from a front line position with tanks standing nearby . The unit commander , who only identified himself as "  Pavel , " said he did not believe the ceasefire would hold . "  We know about this so-called ceasefire . We have had agreements before . The separatists have broken them frequently . But we will stick to the agreements and stop the violence coming from their side , " he said as artillery barrages could be heard firing off in the distance . Over his walkie-talkie a voice could be heard saying : "  Our artillery is in action . " Pavel says pro-Russian separatists have tried several times to overrun his positions , but were repelled each time . Ukrainian government officials including the prime minister have expressed doubts that the Minsk truce will succeed , and those doubts are also on display in Mariupol . We witnessed columns of tanks and armored vehicles making their way to the front line . But the Ukrainian military also has another problem -- a lack of modern equipment . One soldier appeared to need medical attention after a tank 's radiator seemed to blow up close to his head , leaving the vehicle and its crew engulfed in a cloud of white smoke . The constant shelling is taking its toll on the civilian population in the areas around Mariupol . In the village of Sartana , 58-year-old Anna Blagovjestova said she was in her house when a rocket hit the neighbor 's backyard , spraying shrapnel onto the building . The man living next door was killed . Police officers were busy trying to dig the remnants of the rocket out of a hole the projectile had pierced in the ground when our crew arrived at the scene . "  I have two grandchildren here , " she said , shaking . "  They are one and three years old . Of course we are very scared . " Blagovjestova blamed Ukrainian forces for firing the rocket , saying she was all but certain that it came from the area where the army is stationed . "  We do n't need the Ukrainian army here , " she said "  We do n't need army . Everyone who came here with weapons started wars . Please make them go away from here . " But for now it appears as though both sides are digging in , with very little trust that this time a ceasefire might lead to a lasting peace .	Ukrainian army in Mariupol fears last-minute assault by separatists ahead of ceasefire Army and rebels traded shots in several cities and towns in southeast Ukraine on Saturday
EW.com  -- Gleeks have to wait another eight days to see "  Glee 's " season 4 premiere , but Wednesday fans were treated to a taste of the music that the New Directions will be serenading us with this year . Wednesday evening , the "  Glee " Facebook page featured a streaming presentation with five songs from the first two episodes of the season , all introduced by Darren Criss  Blaine  and Kevin McHale  Artie  . No peeks at footage of the dance numbers for these songs , but the music was backed by stills from the new season . EW tuned in to the stream , so if you missed it , we have the details on the music coming to the Fox musical show in the coming two weeks : Mash-up of Lady Gaga 's "  Americano " and Jennifer Lopez 's "  Dance Again , " sung by Kate Hudson Rachel 's nasty new dance teacher , played by Kate Hudson , must have been blessed with good vocal chords as well as nice legs . In the most danceable song of the five Glee songs previewed today , this mash-up features a sultry Hudson , who may have mastered a Spanish accent a little better than Lady Gaga did . Imagine Dragon 's "  It 's Time , " sung by Darren Criss Ladies  and gentlemen !  , prepare yourselves for some more Blaine Anderson-induced swooning . Criss will sing this hit by the Las Vegas-based up-and-coming band Imagine Dragons . It starts off instrumentally minimal , with one plucky guitar and some claps and foot-stomping providing the percussion . Then the song fills out during the chorus as strings and piano come in for the winning cover . Mash-up of Britney Spears ' "  Boys " and Justin Bieber 's "  Boyfriend , " sung by Darren Criss and Kevin McHale Time to channel your inner boy band , Artie and Blaine ! For the Criss and McHale 's first duet on the show , Glee is delivering yet another mash-up , this time bringing together the music of a longtime pop queen and today 's pop prince for the show 's second Britney Spears-themed episode . Criss revealed that they were directed to make the number "  as cheesy and boy band as possible . " He and McHale even gave fans tuned into the stream a "  boy band pose , " chins out , eyes squinted , pouty lips slightly parted . Let 's hope there 's plenty more where that came from when the mash-up airs next week . Britney Spears ' "  Gim me More , " sung by Heather Morris There 's not a lot new or innovative as far as Glee 's cover of this song goes , but it sounds like the dance moves that accompany it will be unmissable . Chord Overstreet appeared in the live stream to help introduce "  Gim me More , " also set for the Britney Spears episode . He gave us this tease about the scene for this song : "  We 're all dancing in it and shaking our rumpeses . " Singing this one is Glee 's very own Brittany S. Pierce , Heather Morris . Carly Rae Jepsen 's "  Call Me Maybe , " sung by the Glee cast Last but certainly not least , we got to hear the song of the summer â $ " the ubiquitous "  Call Me Maybe " â $ " sung by an ensemble of Glee cast members . Count on it having as much energy as a car - or plane-ful of collegiate or Olympic athletes belting out the catchy pop song . Glee 's season 4 premiere airs Thursday , Sept. 13 at 9 p.m. Music from the new season will be available for download on iTunes beginning Tuesday , Sept. 11 . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Glee " debuted some of the music from Season 4 The songs were premiered on the show 's Facebook page No footage of the new episodes was featured
CNN  -- Team Lotus reserve driver Karun Chandhok has told CNN it would be "  magic " to be on the grid when Formula One makes its debut in his home country of India next month . Chandhok , 27 , joined the CNN-sponsored team at the start of the 2011 season , and is currently behind first-choice drivers Heikki Kovalainen and Jarno Trulli in the pecking order . But Lotus team principal Tony Fernandes raised hopes of the former HRT driver taking part in the inaugural Delhi race when he said he would like to see Chandhok take to the track on October 30 . "  I 'd like him to . It 's up to the team to see -LSB- whether he will -RSB- , " AirAsia chief Fernandes told Reuters . Veteran Trulli signs new deal at Lotus On the issue of which racer would make way for Chandhok , Fernandes , who recently purchased English soccer team Queens Park Rangers , suggested Trulli would be the one to face the axe . "  Yes , I think Heikki -LSB- Kovalainen -RSB- is our number one driver , although Jarno 's outqualified him -LSB- at the Italian Grand Prix -RSB- . " In response to Fernandes ' admission , Chandhok said : "  It 's obviously very nice to hear . He 's the man who can make it happen . I 've just got to wait and see what he decides . "  As a racing driver , the most emotional race is certainly your home grand prix . If I do get the opportunity to do it , it 'll be fantastic , but as this moment it 's a question only Tony can answer . "  To be an Indian driver on the grid for the first Indian Grand Prix would be magic . I 've been very involved in the circuit ; I 've been visiting the site every month . To have the opportunity to drive would sort of complete that circle . " Chandhok was given a drive ahead of the veteran Italian Trulli , who extended his contract with Lotus last weekend , for the German Grand Prix in July , where he finished in last place . While Chandhok admitted dropping a driver can create a difficult situation for the team , he insisted his relationship with Trulli has been unaffected . "  It 's not ideal , there 's no doubt about that ... I experienced it last year -LSB- at HRT -RSB- , my drive was given to Sakon Yamamoto in the second half of the season . It 's tough . "  When they put me in the car in Germany ... it 's a very difficult situation . It can be awkward . But I have to say Jarno was fantastic . He offered his advice and support all through the weekend . I have to say hats off to him , he was a model professional . " On his own future , Chandhok , who made his Formula One debut at the 2010 Bahrain Grand Prix , made no secret of his desire to earn a full-time seat with Lotus . But he said any decision on his future with the team would be made by Fernandes . "  I need to sit and figure things out with Tony and where we are and where we see the future . I 'd like to stay with Tony , with Lotus , and in the future race for them full-time . That 's my ambition . "  I 'd love to race with these guys and Tony 's got a fantastic vision of trying to build an Asian team and I 'd love to be a part of that programme . "	Karun Chandhok has said it would be ` magic ' to race in first Indian Grand Prix Chandhok is currently a reserve driver for CNN-sponsored Team Lotus The 27-year-old has made just one grand prix appearance so far this season
The White House has a big problem on its hands : finding someone to replace Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , who was pushed out of the administration this week . Since Michele Flournoy withdrew her name from consideration on Tuesday , there is a growing sense that many potential candidates may be shying away from the job due to the short time frame they would be in office and concerns over how independently they can function from the National Security Council , according to both current and former senior administration and congressional officials . Flournoy cited family reasons for her decision to withdraw her name , but several administration officials say the decision came as a surprise because she had known she was on the short list of candidates being vetted . Another name now being widely circulated is former Deputy Defense Secretary Ashton Carterâ $ " who is widely credited with reforming cumbersome and expensive weapons acquisition procedures and programs , but who had clashed in the past with White House staff as well . The scramble to find a new defense secretary comes as new details emerge over Hagel 's departure from the administration . Hagel submitted his letter of resignation on Monday after it became apparent over a series of meetings with President Barack Obama that the president no longer wanted him in the job . "  Hagel did n't wait to be asked to leave , " a senior administration official close to Hagel tells CNN . Obama and Hagel had three conversations since late October , the last one being on Nov. 18 . "  If you have three conversations with the President , you know where things stand " , the official said . After the final conversation , Hagel has a personal sense of "  inevitability " he would resign , rather than wait to be fired , the official said , describing to CNN in detail the secretary 's actions and thinking . The official said Hagel rapidly came to the conclusion after that final meeting he "  would not put up a fight , " to keep his job , but would instead resign "  giving the President options " to chart a different course . Hagel views his decision somewhat in military terms , when an officer submits his resignation knowing he will otherwise be fired . The official said Hagel is "  at peace " with his resignation and believes it was the honorable thing to do . "  He knew he was n't wanted , " the official said . Hagel has been criticized for being a secretary who implements White House policy rather than being a dynamic member of a tight inner Obama circle offering new ideas and options . But this official strongly disputed portions of that characterization , saying "  even John Kerry is n't a member of that circle , " referring to the secretary of state . While Hagel may not have regularly spoken up in large meetings , he did seek to be involved the official says . In September , he wrote a memo for Obama and the NSC to "  make the case " that the administration needed to look for more "  creative and active ways to deter Vladimir Putin , " the official said . Behind the scenes , Hagel had grown deeply frustrated by the decision making process at the NSC , which is universally described as "  micromanagement . " Hagel joins former defense secretaries Leon Panetta and Robert Gates , who have also detailed NSC interference in both of their books and recent public appearances . Hagel was also frustrated on several key issues where he had indeed offered specific views . He had wanted more immediate action on sending non lethal military aid to Ukraine , and also had written a memo calling for a clearer approach to US military and diplomatic action in Syria . The Pentagon was aware both memos had been poorly received at the National Security Council . The official insisted that Hagel is fully supportive of the President 's policy of not putting troops on the ground in Iraq in combat roles . If Obama pushed Hagel out because he is looking for a course correction on the war against ISIS in Iraq and Syria , it has not gotten to the point where Hagel or the chairman of the Joint Chiefs , General Martin Dempsey , have been asked for any new options . OPINION : Pushing out Hagel not shake-up Obama needs It now appears likely a confirmation hearing for Hagel 's successor might not be scheduled before February , leaving a new Pentagon chief with less than two years on the job . Several administration officials tell CNN the White House is also well aware any confirmation hearing could be a bruising fight given that Sen. John McCain  R-Ariz  is taking over the Armed Services Committee and is a deep odds with the White House over Syria and Iraq . That all adds up to a relatively short term in office likely that will almost certainly be characterized by fights with a Republican Congress on everything from the war against ISIS to potential mandatory spending cuts .	Chuck Hagel resigned this week Hagel stepped down after meetings made clear Obama did n't want him on the job White House is having a hard time finding a successor
CNN  -- A Lance Armstrong representative tried to make a donation of about $ 250,000 to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency before the agency launched the investigation that led to the cyclist being stripped of his Tour de France titles , the chief of the USADA said . "  I was stunned , " Travis Tygart , the head of the anti-doping agency told "  60 Minutes Sports " about the alleged 2004 offer . " It was a clear conflict of interest for USADA . We had no hesitation in rejecting that offer . " Armstrong attorney Tim Herman said there 's no truth to the story . "  He never made any such contribution or suggestion , " Herman said in a statement e-mailed to CNN Wednesday . Annie Skinner , a spokeswoman for the USADA , told CNN that Tygart 's quotes , released by "  60 Minutes Sports , " were accurate . The new accusation is another chapter in the twisting tale of Armstrong , a one-time hero to many who has now fallen in disgrace . Armstrong will give his first television interview since being stripped of his Tour de France titles to Oprah Winfrey , her network announced Tuesday . A news release from the Oprah Winfrey Network said the 90-minute "  no-holds-barred " interview will air at 9 p.m. ET January 17 and will be simulcast on Oprah.com . Winfrey will ask the cyclist to address the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 's report , which said there was overwhelming evidence Armstrong was directly involved in a sophisticated doping program , the statement said . The International Cycling Union , which chose not to appeal the USADA 's lifetime ban , stripped Armstrong of his record seven Tour victories in October . Armstrong 's lawyer : No talks with anti-doping agencies The World Anti-Doping Agency also agreed with the sanctions , which means Armstrong may not compete in sports governed by WADA code . Before the ban , he was competing in Ironman triathlons and had won two of the five events he had entered . Since the ban he has entered two non-sanctioned events . According to his Twitter feed , Armstrong has been biking , running and swimming in Hawaii . The Winfrey interview will take place at Armstrong 's home in Austin , Texas . The New York Times reported last week that Armstrong , 41 , was contemplating publicly admitting he used illegal performance-enhancing drugs . Such an admission might lead toward Armstrong regaining his eligibility . One of his attorneys denied Armstrong was in discussion with the two anti-doping agencies . Dan Wuori , a writer at cycling publication Velo Magazine , said Armstrong may reveal a lot during the Oprah interview . "  I think what we are seeing here is the beginning of Lance 's effort at redemption , " Wuori said . "  More and more continues to come out about Armstrong . This seems like an effort of Armstrong to get ahead of the story and control the narrative . " The gain game : Why do sports stars cheat ? Armstrong has repeatedly and vehemently denied that he used banned performance-enhancing drugs as well as illegal blood transfusions during his cycling career . Armstrong has been an icon for his cycling feats and celebrity , bringing more status to a sport wildly popular in some nations but lacking big-name recognition , big money and mass appeal in the United States . He fought back from testicular cancer to win the Tour from 1999 to 2005 . He raised millions via his Lance Armstrong Foundation to help cancer victims and survivors , an effort illustrated by trendy yellow "  LiveSTRONG " wristbands that helped bring in the money . But Armstrong has long been dogged by doping allegations , with compatriot Floyd Landis -- who was stripped of his 2006 Tour de France title after failing a drug test -- making a series of claims in 2011 . Armstrong sued the USADA last year to stop its investigation of him , arguing it did not have the right to prosecute him . But after a federal judge dismissed the case , Armstrong said he would no longer participate in the investigation . In October 2012 , Armstrong was stripped of his titles and banned from cycling . Weeks later , he stepped down from the board of his foundation , Livestrong . It is unclear whether Armstrong would face criminal prosecution for perjury should he confess . Armstrong was involved in several cases where he gave sworn testimony that he never used banned drugs . Silence falls awaiting Armstrong 's ` last word ' CNN 's Jillian Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Armstrong 's attorney says the cyclist never tried to make such a donation USADA chief says donation offer was a conflict of interest Lance Armstrong has agreed to 90-minute interview , Oprah Winfrey 's network announces Release says Armstrong is expected to talk about doping allegations
CNN  -- Despite headlines saying that it lost Tuesday 's vote , the fate of California 's proposed $ 1-a-pack tax hike on cigarettes is still in limbo , and state officials said late Thursday that a final result is likely weeks away . The tax increase , known as Proposition 29 , would raise an estimated $ 735 million a year , with roughly three-quarters of that money going to cancer research . Initial results showed Prop 29 being rejected by a margin of roughly 65,000 votes , out of nearly 4 million cast -- a margin of 50.8 % to 49.2 % . However , the results do n't yet include a vast number of mail-in ballots and provisional ballots . As of Thursday night , at least 829,863 votes were yet to be counted , according to figures posted by California 's Secretary of State . The real figure is likely much higher , as the official "  uncounted " number leaves out several counties that have yet to send their data . "  We 've asked counties to report their number of unprocessed ballots , but it 's voluntary , so there 's no way to know the exact number , " said Allie Schembra , a spokeswoman for the Secretary of State 's office . State law requires county elections officials to report final vote tallies by July 6 . California Secretary of State Debra Bowen then has until July 13 to certify the results . As more results trickled in by Thursday night , the margin had shrunk to less than 53,000 votes . Or as one Bay Area Weekly joked , "  Proposition 29 results are close enough to make you want to chain smoke . " "  Supporters of Prop 29 are not conceding defeat , " vowed Doug Ulman , CEO of the Lance Armstrong-founded Livestrong organization . "  We will closely monitor the counting of late absentee and provisional ballots ... This race is still too close to call , and we remain hopeful that the victory will ultimately be ours . " Proposition 29 was the subject of a fierce advertising campaign , playing out on Californians ' television screens for weeks ahead of the vote . Opponents of the tax spent nearly $ 47 million , most of it coming from tobacco companies . They argued that Prop 29 would create a large , unaccountable bureaucracy . Supporters , including Livestrong , the American Cancer Society , the American Lung Association and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , spent about $ 12 million .	State officials say decision for tax hike on cigarettes is weeks away As of Thursday night , at least 829,863 votes were yet to be counted Proposition 29 was the subject of a fierce advertising campaign
Los Angeles  CNN  -- As the trial surrounding Michael Jackson 's death gets underway , Las Vegas is about to make a revelation of its own : A Michael Jackson slot machine , to be unveiled next week . It 's just a coincidence that the release of the Michael Jackson King of Pop slot game on Tuesday is occurring along with the trial of the performer 's physician , Conrad Murray , who 's charged with involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death , said a spokesman for Bally Technologies . The Los Angeles trial , exposing stark details of Jackson 's last moments , began this past week . With iconic images of his sequined glove and dancing shoes , the Jackson slot machine exemplifies state-of-the-art gaming , with a surround-sound chair that even vibrates to the pop legend 's music , the manufacturer said . The machine also has four high-definition screens for wagering and displaying his videos such as "  Beat It . " A University of Nevada Las Vegas gaming analyst who reviewed the machine Friday predicted it is "  going to be a popular game for a lot of people " -- though it is "  unfortunate " that the game is being unveiled during the manslaughter trial , the analyst said . Another expert on Vegas gaming noted how slot machines are programmed to guarantee a return for casinos . "  Slot machines generally speaking are the most profitable for the casino , and they are the most cynical in their design , " said Marc Cooper , an associate journalism professor at the University of Southern California and author of "  The Last Honest Place in America : Paradise and Perdition in the New Las Vegas . " "  That the manufacturers of these machines would extend the cynicism from math to popular icons should not be surprising to anybody , " Cooper said . The Jackson game is being introduced Tuesday at the Global Gaming Expo in Las Vegas . Bally plans to show 150 games in total , with the Jackson slot machine among its top features , the firm said . Bally executives said Saturday that the timing was accidental . "  We started the process about a year ago , " said Mike Mitchell , vice president of game design at Bally , adding that 's when the firm negotiated the licensing of Jackson 's music and videos with several parties , including Jackson 's family and estate . The game will be in casinos by early 2012 , he said . Added Bally spokesman Mike Trask , referring to the manslaughter trial : "  It 's a sad story for everybody . No matter what you think of Michael Jackson and what you think of everything going on , there 's no question that he was an amazing entertainer and he was an icon of American pop culture . It 's going to be a fun and thrilling game that millions of players are going to enjoy playing all over the world . " The game emphasizes an immersion experience in which players sit in a chair with Jackson 's music piped into speakers behind the headrest , and the tunes are intensified with subwoofers and thumpers , said Bally video game designer David Schultz . The music list is composed of six songs : "  Billie Jean , " "  Beat It , " "  Smooth Criminal , " "  Bad , " "  Dirty Diana " and "  Do n't Stop 'Til You Get Enough , " according to Bally . The game is designed so that during bonus rounds , Jackson 's sequin glove shows the player where to touch the screen to spin a gaming wheel , designed like an album , to try to win a credit , Bally spokesmen said . A celebrating Jackson also moonwalks across the screen and gives the player wild symbols , spokesmen said . The game targets people who grew up to MTV and recall Jackson 's original videos , Bally executives said . "  These were groundbreakers , and they still hold up , " said Bally game producer Chris Guerrero about the Jackson videos . "  It 's amazing to watch them each and every time . " Said Trask : "  The person who was 18 when ` Beat It ' came out is now 40 and now has more discretionary income and is excited about this game . " The minimum bet is 40 cents , with a maximum of $ 4 , Bally officials said . Because the game will be networked with other Jackson machines across Nevada -- a so-called wide-area progressive game -- the jackpots will start at $ 750,000 and extend into the millions , Bally officials said . Mitchell deemed the game a "  blockbuster . " "  We think the Michael Jackson brand , along with the energy and entertainment value , combined with the jackpot , will give us a huge hit , " Mitchell said . David G. Schwartz , director of the center for gaming research at University of Nevada at Las Vegas , said the game is being rolled out just as the global audiences are watching the televised manslaughter trial and learning the stark circumstances of Jackson 's death . Jackson died at age 50 in 2009 of an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol , in combination with sedatives . "  It 's kind of unfortunate because there 's people talking about the last hours of Jackson 's life , " said Schwartz , "  but I do n't think there 's too much they can do about the timing of it because of the expo next week . " Schwartz tested the game Friday at Bally 's invitation , he said . "  I 've never seen anything that integrates that kind of video content right into the game , " Schwartz said . "  It 's just a fun game because you basically got Michael Jackson , the music and the dancing that is part of the game . That 's why I think it 's going to be a popular game for a lot of people . "  It has an ` immersive ' aspect that is coming out in a lot of games now , " said Schwartz , who reviews gambling trends for Las Vegas publications and on his blog and dgschwartz.com website .	Bally Technologies Inc. will unveil next week Michael Jackson King of Pop game The release occurs as Jackson 's physician is on trial for manslaughter The timing is coincidental , Bally executives say The slot machine features Jackson 's videos and music
CNN  -- "  Jackass " star Ryan Dunn was drunk and speeding up to 140 mph when his 2007 Porsche 911 GT3 crashed and caught fire on a Pennsylvania highway early Monday , police said Wednesday . Dunn and Zachary Hartwell , a 30-year-old West Chester , Pennsylvania , man who once worked in one of Ryan 's movies , died from "  blunt and thermal trauma " in the fiery crash , according to the autopsy report released Tuesday . "  The initial crash reconstruction investigation determined that Mr. Dunn 's vehicle was traveling between 132-140 mph at the time of the collision , " West Goshen Police Chief Michael Carroll said in a statement Wednesday . Toxicology testing by the coroner indicated Dunn 's blood alcohol concentration was 0.196 % , which is more than twice the legal state limit of 0.08 , Carroll said . The red-bearded Dunn , 34 , was famous for his pranks and dangerous stunts on the show , which evolved into a successful film franchise . Hartwell worked as a stunt car driver on "  Minghads , " a 2009 comedy directed by "  Jackass " star Bam Margera and featuring Dunn , according to the Internet Movie Database . West Goshen Police were called to the wreck scene on State Route 322 at 2:30 a.m. Monday , the police report said . "  Upon arrival , police located one vehicle off the road and in the woods that was fully engulfed in flames , " the report said . Dunn was driving the Porsche , which was registered in his name , police said . A photo of Dunn was posted on his Twitter account about two hours before the wreck showing him with a drink in his hand . Two men sitting with Dunn in the photo are not identified . The manager of Barnaby 's in West Chester confirmed that the photo was taken in his bar Sunday night . The bar is about a mile away from where Dunn was killed in a car crash . Manager Jim O'Brien confirmed that Dunn was drinking there . "  He did n't seem to be intoxicated at the time he left , " O'Brien said . "  Ryan was not a hardcore drinker , at least not when he was here . " O'Brien said Dunn was a regular customer and well known to his staff . "  He was a valuable person in our community and his death is a tragedy , " O'Brien said . "  He will be missed . " Dunn teamed up with "  Jackass " co-star Steve-O for an episode of the NBC game show "  Minute to Win It " that aired on June 8 . He also hosted "  Proving Ground , " which premiered on the G4 channel on June 14 .	Dunn 's blood alcohol level was twice the legal limit , police say His Porsche was speeding 132 to 140 mph , police say Dunn and his passenger died from "  blunt and thermal trauma , " the coroner says Dunn was known for pranks and dangerous stunts
CNN  -- Now that embattled U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice has withdrawn her name from secretary of state consideration , attention is turning toward Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , the other top candidate to replace outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Republicans opposed to a Rice nomination have bandied about Kerry 's name for weeks , and Thursday , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell told CNN that Kerry would be a "  popular choice with the Senate . " It 's ironic that several prominent Republicans are rallying behind Kerry , just eight years after their party demonized him during his failed 2004 presidential campaign against President George W. Bush . Kerry remembered that experience in a statement he released about Rice . "  As someone who has weathered my share of political attacks and understands on a personal level just how difficult politics can be , I 've felt for her throughout these last difficult weeks , but I also know that she will continue to serve with great passion and distinction , " Kerry said . If Kerry replaces Clinton , who replaces him ? The senior senator from Massachusetts is noted for the experience , gravitas and relationship-building skills that could help him succeed as the United States ' top diplomat . In his current role as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Kerry has traveled the globe on behalf of the Obama administration to mend frayed relationships . Most notably he has traveled to Pakistan after a series of incidents , including the raid that killed Osama bin Laden , that had set relations back . World travel is second nature to Kerry . While he was born in Denver , on December 11 , 1943 , he spent much of his childhood overseas , living in Berlin , then went to a Swiss boarding school at age 11 . Obama 's cabinet : Who 's in , who 's out ? After graduating from Yale University in 1966 , Kerry was deployed to Vietnam as a lieutenant in the U.S. Navy . Kerry served as a gunboat officer on the Mekong Delta , earning the Silver Star , the Bronze Star and three Purple Hearts . Upon his return home in the early 1970s , Kerry gained public recognition as the head of the group Vietnam Veterans Against the War and for his anti-war testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Rice vs. Kerry : Weighing the odds In 1972 , Kerry ran his first campaign , a losing effort for a congressional seat in Massachusetts . He eventually entered politics in 1982 as lieutenant governor under Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis . Two years later , Kerry won the U.S. Senate seat he has held for five consecutive terms . The Vietnam experience came back to haunt Kerry during the 2004 presidential election . A Republican-funded group called "  Swift Boat Veterans for Truth " aired campaign ads accusing Kerry of lying to receive two of his five combat decorations and criticizing his anti-war activism . The incumbent Bush won the Electoral College vote 292 to 252 and racked up 3 million more votes than Kerry nationwide . After winning his fifth senate race in 2008 , Kerry took over the Senate Foreign Relations Committee the next January . And while Kerry has a powerful voice outside the Obama administration in his current role , with Rice out of the running , a path to the Cabinet has one less obstacle for the man Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , jokingly called "  Mr. Secretary " last week . Read more : Rice once looked like shoo-in Ted Barrett and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report from Washington .	Sen. John Kerry looks like the front-runner to replace outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Senate Republicans have been touting Kerry for that Cabinet post in recent weeks Kerry has a long history of overseas experience , starting with his childhood
CNN  -- One year ago , a sheriff 's dispatcher in Orange County , near Orlando , Florida , received a strange 911 call . A small child was missing -- and had been for a month . Casey Anthony did n't tell anyone for 30 days that her daughter , Caylee , was missing . The child 's grandmother was frantic , talking a mile a minute . But her mother seemed unemotional , disconnected from the drama around her . So began the Caylee Anthony case , a mystery that became a nightly fixture on cable television and captivated true-crime buffs across the country . Today , the tot 's 23-year-old mother , Casey Anthony , is in jail , charged with first-degree murder , and faces the death penalty if convicted . She denies harming her daughter or having anything to do with her disappearance . Her attorney , Jose Baez , has said that once all the facts are known , it will become clear that his client is innocent . While reports of missing children are not unusual -- a Haleigh and a Haylee are two recent examples -- several elements came together in the Caylee case to make it a high-profile news story , said Robert Thompson , who heads the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . "  The fact that it 's a toddler had that really dramatic , ` this is our worst nightmare ' thing . It does n't get any more dramatic than that , " he said . "  Then , of course , there 's Casey herself . " The 30-day delay in reporting Caylee 's disappearance , along with the frequent release of police documents containing the personal details of the family 's life , whetted the public 's appetite . See how the case unfolded " "  By that time , it becomes self-fulfilling , " Thompson said . "  Once the story gets into the inbox of places that cover this thing -- Dateline , America 's Most Wanted , Greta van Susteren , Nancy Grace , Geraldo -- it becomes a packaged drama . We want to know how it turns out . " Caylee 's body was found December 11 , six months after she disappeared and just a few blocks from her grandparents ' house . The remains were bagged and partially buried in a swampy , vacant lot . Duct tape covered the child 's mouth . But the cause of Caylee 's death is just one of many questions that remain unanswered a year later . And the answers are not likely to come soon , if at all . Casey Anthony 's trial , originally scheduled to begin October 12 , has been pushed back until some time next year . Thousands of pages of court files have been made public . Police questioned Anthony 's friends and boyfriends , pored through her cell phone records , went through her computer , and seized her digital photo albums . They even analyzed her sleep patterns . But the picture that emerges is far from clear . The story begins at about 9:40 p.m. on the evening of July 15 , 2008 , with Cindy Anthony 's call to 911 . The call capped a day in which she and her husband , George , a retired police officer from Ohio , received an impound notice and tracked down their daughter 's abandoned white 1998 Pontiac Sunbird -- and then their daughter , Caylee 's mother , who was staying with a boyfriend . "  I found out my granddaughter has been taken , " Cindy Anthony told the 911 dispatcher . "  She has been missing for a month . Her mother finally admitted that she 's been missing . ... We 're talking about a 3-year-old little girl ! " "  I need to find her , " Cindy Anthony continued . "  I told you my daughter was missing for a month . I just found her today , but I ca n't find my granddaughter . She just admitted to me that she 's been trying to find her herself . There 's something wrong . I found my daughter 's car today , and it smells like there 's been a dead body in the damn car . " George Anthony told police later that the car gave him "  a bad vibe . " "  I got within three feet of it . I could smell something . You look up and you say , please do n't let this be . Please do n't let this be , " he said in a July 24 police interview . A cadaver dog confirmed for police the scent of human decomposition in the car trunk . Casey Anthony 's friends told police she said she hit an animal with the car . But many of her stories did not check out , investigators said . Although Casey Anthony has frequently fallen out with her parents , they have always insisted that she is innocent . They have n't visited her in jail for months , in part because authorities record the visits and release them to the public . During the search for Caylee , some say Casey Anthony did n't behave the way one would expect of a worried mother . She went to nightclubs and sent hundreds of text messages to friends , according to cell phone and text transcripts and investigative reports released by police . Those phone and text records also showed that she hardly mentioned her missing daughter . At one point , police analyzed her sleep patterns , finding that the cell phone calls and text messaging ceased for only three or four hours a night at about the time Caylee disappeared . For weeks , curiosity seekers camped out in lawn chairs outside the Anthony home , where the family had posted large flyers asking , "  Where is Caylee ? " When the crowd grew unruly , Cindy Anthony waved a hammer and George Anthony shouted back at the hecklers . Authorities say they also found traces of chloroform , a knock-out drug , in the trunk of Casey Anthony 's car . And they said that on her computer , they found Internet searches of missing children and chloroform Web sites . Investigators first labeled Casey Anthony a person of interest , and later , a suspect . She was indicted on a charge of first-degree murder on October 14 . But Thompson , the pop culture professor at Syracuse , cautions that the final curtain has n't fallen on this drama . "  It is n't necessarily a slam dunk , " he said . "  We have the JonBenet Ramsey case to show that we may think one thing , and it is n't so . " Early in that investigation , authorities said John and Patsy Ramsey were "  under an umbrella of suspicion " in their daughter 's death , but they later were cleared . "  These things are capable of twisting around , " Thompson said . "  But that 's another element that makes them interesting . "	Cindy Anthony called 911 , reported Caylee missing a year ago Child already had been missing for a month Casey Anthony was arrested several times , charged with murder in October Caylee 's skeleton was found in December in vacant lot near family 's home
CNN  -- The Royal Dutch Shell oil drilling barge that ran aground off southern Alaska this week is sound and ready to be towed to safe harbor , a company official said Saturday , adding there is no evidence of any sheen in the vicinity . The 266-foot-diameter Kulluk remains upright and there is no apparent threat to its stability , said Sean Churchfield , the incident commander and operations manager for Shell Alaska . The fuel tanks appear intact , and naval architects report the vessel is sound and fit to tow , he said . The Killuk ran aground off uninhabited Sitkalidak Island , about 200 miles south of Anchorage , on Monday night . The current tow plan calls for the barge to be towed 30 miles to the north to Kiliuda Bay for safe harbor and a more detailed assessment . "  The exact timing of a potential towing activity will depend on weather , tides and operational readiness , " Churchfield told reporters in a news conference . As much as 150,000 gallons of ultra low sulfur diesel and approximately 12,000 gallons of other petroleum products are on board the Kulluk , which had been working in the Beaufort Sea , off Alaska 's North Slope , until October . The vessel was being towed back to its winter home in Seattle when it ran into a severe storm off the Alaskan coast . The Coast Guard evacuated the Kulluk 's 18-man crew Dec. 29 , and it drifted for 10 hours the following day after the tug that was towing it lost power . Monday night , tug crews had to cut the rig loose during a storm that whipped up 24-foot waves . That led to its grounding in an area where water depth is 32 to 48 feet . The Kulluk is a blue and white circular rig with a helicopter landing pad and a tower in the middle . The steel vessel is double-hulled and designed for drilling in Arctic waters . Most of the nearby shore is owned by a native Alaskan corporation on adjacent Kodiak Island , said Steven Russell , of Alaska 's Department of Environmental Conservation . State officials are working with residents to watch for any environmental impact caused by the grounding . Shell 's Arctic exploration plans caused widespread concern among environmentalists and were held up after BP 's Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico . Shell says it 's working at far less depth and lower pressures than the BP well that erupted off Louisiana , killing 11 men aboard and unleashing an undersea gusher that took three months to cap . The fuel on board the rig is used to power equipment and is not the result of the drilling operations Shell conducted off the North Slope , on the opposite side of the vast state from where the Kulluk now rests . The U.S. Geological Survey estimates more than 90 billion barrels of oil and nearly 1,700 trillion cubic feet of natural gas may be recoverable by drilling . And the shrinking of the region 's sea ice -- which hit record lows in 2012 -- has created new opportunities for energy exploration in the region . Climate researchers say that a decrease in sea ice is a symptom of a warming climate , caused largely by the combustion of carbon-rich fossil fuels . The science is politically controversial but generally accepted as fact by most scientists . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Shell says there is no evidence of any sheen in the vicinity The rig is upright and there is no threat to its stability , Shell says The fuel tanks appear intact , the company says The drilling rig ran aground during a storm Monday off Alaska 's southern coast
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- More than 10,000 charred bone fragments were found buried at the site of a former Argentine government detention center , the first find of its kind at one of the secret centers , Argentine officials said . Bones were unearthed during a seven-month search at an ex-detention post in La Plata , Argentina , officials said . Searchers said they also found a wall with more than 200 bullet holes and an "  important quantity " of spent ammunition shells on the ground nearby . In some cases , bullets were still lodged in the wall . The announcement was made Tuesday at a news conference by government officials and representatives of the Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team , better known as EAAF , the initials of its name in Spanish . A team of six professional anthropologists and support crew said it believed the remains were human , but it was unable to determine how many bodies the fragments represented . "  I ask the forgiveness of family members , because I can imagine what the mothers and all who are gathered here will feel , but what we are about to show is not to detail the genocide but so that we have proof for the trials that are to come , " said Sara Derotier de Cobacho , secretary of human rights for Buenos Aires province . "  But let us not forget , " she said in a statement , "  that behind every clandestine center there were the names of the repressors . ... So it is very important for all citizens to know those names . " The detention center was among those used in Argentina during the country 's "  Dirty War , " which started in 1976 when a group of generals staged a coup and started a vicious crackdown against anyone considered a subversive . By the time civilian control of the government resumed in 1983 , up to 30,000 Argentines had been abducted and taken to the secret government detention centers , where they were tortured and killed . They are widely called "  los desaparecidos , " or "  the disappeared . " Thousands more people were abducted and killed by right-wing dictatorships in other South American countries during the 1970s and 1980s , particularly in Chile and Uruguay . The bone fragments in Argentina were unearthed during a seven-month search at the former detention post in the city of La Plata , near Buenos Aires . In 25 years of searching , this was the first time that human remains were found at a former detention center , said Luis Fondebrider , president of the EAAF . "  We 've worked throughout the country and have always found remains in cemeteries , never outside , " Fondebrider said in the release . The conference was called , he said , because of the extraordinary nature of the find . "  We usually do n't hold press conferences about our work or what we find , " Fondebrider said . "  But we understand that the magnitude of what we have found where the Clandestine Center of Arana was located merits that sometimes we show partial results . " The searchers determined that bodies had been burned inside graves along with tires , combustibles and other material , Fondebrider said . "  The possibilities of identifying some of these remains is low because of the state they are in , " Fondebrider said . The searchers will start analyzing the remains next year and are working with two prominent forensic genetic laboratories that specialize in working with remains that are in poor condition , he said . Lending an official air to Tuesday 's proceedings , Carlos Stornelli , minister of security for the province of Buenos Aires , and Pablo Buruera , mayor of La Plata , also attended the news conference . "  We are looking for the truth so we can attain justice and construct , from there , the memory of our 30,000 ` desaparecidos , ' " Derotier said .	Remains believed to be human ; number of bodies unknown , officials say Detention center among those used in Argentina 's 1976-1983 "  Dirty War " Tens of thousands said to have been abducted , killed during "  Dirty War "
Beijing  CNN  -- A large white poster dominates Liu Xiuzhi 's simple room . In black Chinese script she has written the story of her decade-long struggle for justice . A story of how a simple legal dispute ended years later with Liu being branded a prostitute and thrown into solitary confinement . "  A day in that place felt like a year , " she says . "  Ordinary people would n't be able to understand . " Liu 's story begins , like many legal battles in China , over a property dispute with a powerful neighbor . She says that when she won a civil case against the neighbor , he sent thugs to beat her up . They left her unconscious , several teeth knocked out of her lower jaw . At first , complaints to the local police were met with indifference , she says . Then anger . So Liu started to petition . Following a centuries old tradition that started in dynastic China , Liu tried to take her grievances to local and national authorities . She says all she received was more beatings and humiliations . "  We are powerless people in China , " she says . "  Either you have money in China and you have power or you are poor and you have none . I followed the law and I had to suffer . " Over time , her petitioning became more overtly political . She started to display signs with slogans like "  power and money rules in China " and "  in China there is no justice and no equality . " State security took notice . They would n't let her leave her building during Beijing 's 2008 Olympics , she says , adding that she was carefully monitored during state visits . When police caught Liu with documents for petitioning at a sports event in southern China , they finally lost their patience . Charged under a provision for "  hooliganism , prostitution , theft and fraud , " Liu was shipped to the Xi An Re-education Through Labor Jail in southern Beijing . The re-education through labor system , or laojiao as it 's known in China , began in the 1950s as a way for the fledgling Communist Party government to maintain order and stability in the chaotic post-revolution years . Half a century later , the system still allows police and other state security agents to arrest offenders for up to four years without trial . The government admits there are re-education facilities across the country and , by its own estimate , says they house tens of thousands or even more than a hundred thousand prisoners . Despite repeated requests , no officials would comment about Liu 's case or about the country 's re-education system . While laojiao was designed for petty thieves and prostitutes -- minor criminals that officials did n't want clogging up the courts -- rights groups believe that it is a convenient place to put government agitators . "  It is a way to silence people , " says Amnesty International 's Roseann Rife . "  It is a way to silence dissent and keep those quiet that offend the government . " Journalists , petitioners and members of the banned religious sect Falun Gong have all been put in re-education centers , says Victor Clements , a researcher for a Chinese human rights group . "  It is widely viewed as a convenient way to punish Chinese citizens who exercise constitutionally-protected civil liberties , " he wrote in an email interview . Human rights activists and liberal Chinese intellectuals see the 10 years of Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao 's leadership , while overwhelmingly positive for the nation 's economy , as a lost opportunity to reform China 's legal system and protect the individual rights of ordinary Chinese . Now , there is a push for reform . "  Re-education through labor is illegal , " says Zhang Qianfan , a prominent law professor at Peking University 's law school . "  The constitution should protect the basic rights of the people and if we ca n't implement it successfully it means the rights of the people wo n't be protected . " Zhang and more than a hundred other prominent academics , journalists and economists wrote and posted an open letter online earlier this year that called for incoming President Xi Jinping to ratify U.N. rights treaties and respect basic principles of human rights . Censors quickly deleted it .  Read a draft translation here . Pressured in part by anger on social media , the government has pledged to reform the system . Recently , state media quoted officials saying it will be done by the end of 2013 . However , none have elaborated on what the potential reforms could be . Many are skeptical . President Xi , while pledging to fight corruption and trim government excesses , shows few concrete signs of reforming China 's legal system or allowing more public dissent . "  Even if re-education through labor is abolished , there are many other forms of administrative detention that effectively do the same thing , " says Amnesty 's Rife . Zhang , like many Chinese , sees extrajudicial prisons as a way for government officials to settle scores , silence petitioners , and muzzle critics "  It stains our reputation . It makes China a joke . It causes a lot of tragedies for the victim , it does n't help with our stability and security , so I believe that re-education through labor system should be abolished immediately , " says Zhang . Liu Xiuzhi was broken by her time in Xi An prison . She says she was put in solitary confinement when she refused to admit the charges against her . She says it was a matter of principle . When she got out , after more than a year in prison , she vowed to keep fighting for justice . But she does n't hold out much hope . "  On the television the Communist Party shows that it is taking care of everything and I really believed it . But when you encounter real trouble it 's different . Whatever you say they will ignore you and punish you . "	Petitioner Liu Xiuzhi spent more than a year in one of China notorious labor camps Re-education through labor system allows people to be held for four years without trial The prisons are seen as a way for officials to settle scores and muzzle critics Government has pledged to reform the system but little progress so far
CNN  -- When it comes to taking spirited vacations , wandering a vineyard falls flat in the face of handcrafted brew . With more than 1,500 breweries across the United States , beer is not just a drink -- it 's a destination . Wooden barrels of beer are just part of the draw at The Lost Abbey Brewery in San Diego , California . "  What 's happened is that the old world has influenced the new world ; the U.S. is now a travel destination for beer , -LSB- even -RSB- for people from outside of the country , " said Julia Herz , craft beer program director at the Brewers Association . "  What 's so great about beer is that you have this range , " said Randy Mosher , author of "  Tasting Beer : An Insider 's Guide to the World 's Best Drink . " "  It 's from 3 percent alcohol to 20 percent , from super malty to very hoppy , and then you throw in stuff like fruit , spices -- you have an enormous range of possibilities . " With such a wide flavor profile , said Stephen Beaumont , author of "  Premium Drinker 's Beer Guide , " beer travel is less about hanging out at the brewery and more about the tasting . In other words , do n't look just for an incredible brewer , but also for an incredible city in which to drink beer . Although it 's a highly contested question that Herz calls "  fodder for late-night philosophical conversations , " there are a few brew towns that these beer aficionados identify as the cream of the hops . Eat , drink and brew local If you did n't know that Portland , Oregon , is synonymous with "  Beervana , " then you clearly need an introduction to the beer scene . "  In a lot of ways , -LSB- it 's -RSB- a very highly developed town for craft beer , " Mosher said . The city has a reputation for going local , and Portland thoroughly applies that philosophy to brewing . "  When you live in Portland , you become entrenched in the whole hops and malts -LSB- thing -RSB- because you 're living right where it 's being produced , " said Portland resident Angelo De Ieso of beer site Brewpublic.com . Thirty percent of the world 's hops come from the Pacific Northwest and Idaho , De Ieso said . The other major pull is the "  high concentration of breweries , " Beaumont said . "  Portland is a fairly small compact area , -LSB- but -RSB- they 've got a free transit system , and they 've got brewpubs chockablock . " Higgins Restaurant and Bar is a great place to get advice on navigating the local beer scene , according to Beaumont . And while you 're there , you can sample their impressive beer list including Oregon-bottled Rogue Morimoto Imperial Pilsner and The Bruery 's "  Trade Winds " Triple out of California , a brewer that Beaumont notes is "  up-and-coming , doing phenomenal stuff . " As for breweries , De Ieso said "  the one that really stands out is Upright Brewery with their Belgian farmhouse style beers . " Another stop has to be Hopworks Urban Brewery , an all-organic brewpub fully powered with renewable energy . "  They do a lot of the standard styles of Northwest beers , like the IPA , which is our flagship beer , " De Ieso said . Try the signature Hopworks IPA for a taste of Pacific Northwest flavor . SoCal brew style Much further south , in San Diego , California , you 'll find what Beaumont calls "  a hotbed of innovation , " where the beer tends "  to be a little stronger , with more alcohol . " And while "  all of California could be considered the state from which the innovators of craft beer came , San Diego specifically grabbed the golden ring from the merry go round and ran with it , " said Matt Simpson , a craft beer consultant . So when you 're talking San Diego-style beer , for most beer geeks you 're talking about The Lost Abbey . "  The most notable guy right now is Tomme Arthur at Lost Abbey . He was one of the early adventurous brewers in Southern California , " beer tasting expert Mosher said . Known for Belgian-style beers and a "  flavor first " philosophy , beer expert Beaumont said "  they 're doing some really innovative , interesting stuff in terms of barrel aging and unusual fermentations , beyond basic brewers yeast . " Beer experts also fawn over AleSmith , a microbrewery that has been pumping out diverse , high quality ales since 1995 . "  The special beers that they do are astounding , if not sublime , " Simpson said . "  They do a barrel-aged series , and those beers are limited to 250 bottles or less , so you can imagine the supply and demand market for them . " Flavors of the South Although other beer lovers often skip over the South because of restrictive brewing laws in some areas , Simpson insisted that some of the best brew can be found below the Mason-Dixon line . "  One of my top three is North Carolina , with Asheville being the center of that . Not only is it a really fun place to visit , they make amazing beers , " he said . "  There 's Foothills , a brewpub that has a breakout hit called Sexual Chocolate , an imperial stout that put them on the map of craft beer . " Simpson also touts his home stomping grounds , Atlanta , Georgia . "  We have one of the top five beer bars in the world in the Brick Store Pub , across the board , " Simpson said . "  You can go to Greatbeers.com , Ratebeer.com , Beeradvocate.com -- they 're rating the Brick Store Pub as one of the top beer bars in the world . And if you 're here for a few days you can hit breweries like Sweetwater , 5 Seasons , and Twain 's . " Whether your drink town of choice is San Diego or Philadelphia , San Francisco or Boston , Beaumont recommends chatting up locals for clues on the local beer scene . "  Beer is a social drink , and beer people love to talk about the beer , " he said . "  You can find a local or savvy visitor who can tell you about something you 've never heard of , and that makes it a phenomenal experience . "	Craft beer has turned popular brewing towns into travel destinations Experts say Oregon , California and North Carolina offer some great brews Wherever you go , make sure to talk to locals to get insider brewpub suggestions
CNN  -- Forget Angry Birds . There 's a new iPhone application that provides hours of entertainment . Released last week , iSpeech Obama allows you to type in any phrase you want and the president 's voice will repeat it back to you . I played around with the app and could n't help but have some ego-stroking fun : "  Anne , what an honor to meet you . I love your work . " No matter what you think of Obama 's performance lately , you ca n't help but enjoy the president 's thoughtful baritone speaking directly to you and saying exactly what you want to hear . With so many pundits and politicians weighing in on what Obama should be saying about how to get our country back on track , this should be a popular application . Even though the president ca n't seem to find his fighting words of 2008 , you can visit the iTunes store for a free download that will deliver you back to the days when Obama fought for Main Street . If I could have the president say anything , I 'd have him say what a growing chorus of commentators have been urging for months now , something like , "  Our No. 1 priority is jobs , and I have a bold , detailed plan to rebuild our schools and infrastructure , revive manufacturing and spur our nation 's green industrial revolution . " Let 's hope Obama will lay out this big vision for job creation in his post-Labor Day speech , going further than his small bore approach of late . And while I 'm putting words in his mouth , I 'd also have Obama say , "  It 's time to raise the minimum wage . " It may sound surprising , but it 's exactly what our economy needs . On the campaign trail , Obama called for raising the minimum wage to $ 9.50 by 2011 ; now is the time deliver on that pledge . Raising the minimum wage would not only help working families , it also would help power the economic recovery . As the economy has sputtered , wages have stagnated , and even folks with jobs are having trouble meeting their families ' basic needs . Accounting for inflation , weekly wages have actually fallen by 1.3 percent in the past eight months , and the Commerce Department reported that consumer spending , which makes up 70 percent of the economy , dropped in June for the first time in nearly two years -- both deeply worrying economic indicators . Raising the minimum wage puts a little more money in pockets of the lowest-paid workers , who have little choice but to spend that additional income immediately , helping restore the consumer spending that businesses need to grow . Preliminary estimates suggest that restoring the minimum wage to $ 10 per hour by 2014 could generate as many as 160,000 new jobs . And not only does raising the wage floor help workers making minimum wage , it also boosts pay scales across the whole lower end of our economy . Unfortunately , low-wage work is becoming the livelihood of an ever-growing number of workers . A new analysis by the National Employment Law Project finds that while the majority of jobs lost during and after the recession were in mid-wage occupations , roughly three-quarters of jobs added since job growth resumed are low-wage . And while the bastion of low-paid workers is growing , their wages are declining : workers in lower-wage occupations  with median wages under $ 13.52  have seen a 2.3 percent decline in real wages since the recession began . While wages and salaries are now the lowest share of GDP since 1955 , corporate profits are the largest share of GDP since 1950 . According to research by Andrew Sum at Northeastern University , wages and salaries accounted for just 1 percent of economic growth in the first 18 months after the recession ended , while corporate profits accounted for an unprecedented 88 percent of economic growth . Put quite simply , working people have been getting the shaft . Not only would a new push to raise the minimum wage help America 's economy and working families -- it would help Obama regain populist momentum . Raising the minimum wage is particularly popular with the public , consistently winning support from more than two-thirds of the public . Opponents are likely to be put on the defensive , struggling to explain why they oppose a modest raise for Main Street as Wall Street enjoys record profits . They will also resurrect the tired old canard that raising the minimum wage leads to job loss , but that theory was first shot to pieces in the 1990s by Alan Krueger , Obama 's nominee to head the Council of Economic Advisers , when he and economist David Card published a groundbreaking study finding that raising the minimum wage boosts incomes of low-paid workers without reducing employment . Nearly two decades of rigorous academic research has confirmed these findings . With so many Americans struggling , we need the president to raise his voice and find some fighting words . It 's time for President Obama to say -- once again -- that now is the time to raise the minimum wage . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anne Thompson .	Anne Thompson : A new phone app allows you to get Obama to say anything in his rich baritone Thompson wants Obama to say he has a jobs program that will raise the miminum wage Raising minimum wage would help working families and power economic recovery , she says Thompson : Corporate profits are biggest share of GDP since 1950 as wages stagnate
CNN  -- Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal 's swipe at federal spending to monitor volcanoes has the mayor of one city in the shadow of Mount St. Helens fuming . Gov. Bobby Jindal says spending for the U.S. Geological Survey is questionable . "  Does the governor have a volcano in his backyard ? " Royce Pollard , the mayor of Vancouver , Washington , said on Wednesday . "  We have one that 's very active , and it still rumbles and spits and coughs very frequently . " Jindal singled out a $ 140 million appropriation for the U.S. Geological Survey as an example of questionable government spending during the GOP response to President Obama 's address to Congress Tuesday night . The governor , a rising Republican star , questioned why "  something called ` volcano monitoring ' " was included in the nearly $ 800 billion economic stimulus bill Obama signed earlier this month . Watch "  Is Jindal prime-time ready ? " " "  Instead of monitoring volcanoes , what Congress should be monitoring is the eruption of spending in Washington , " Jindal said . But Marianne Guffanti , a volcano researcher at the U.S. Geological Survey , said , "  We do n't throw the money down the crater of the volcano and watch it burn up . " The USGS , which received the money Jindal criticized , is monitoring several active volcanoes across the Pacific Northwest , Alaska and Hawaii . One of those is Mount St. Helens , about 70 miles north of Vancouver , Washington , and neighboring Portland , Oregon . The volcano killed 57 people when it erupted in 1980 and sputters back into action periodically , most recently in late 2004 and early 2005 , when it sent plumes of steam and ash thousands of feet into the air . USGS researchers are also keeping a close eye on Alaska 's Mount Redoubt volcano , about 100 miles from Anchorage , which is predicted to go off again within a few months . Its last eruption , in 1989 , disrupted air traffic and forced down a commercial jet that sucked ash into its engines . "  If we can give good information about what 's happening , that system of diversions and cancellations all works much more efficiently , " Guffanti said . "  And fewer people are delayed and standard business is resumed quickly . " Louisiana is no stranger to natural disasters itself , having been devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . But Timmy Teepell , Jindal 's chief of staff , said the governor stands by his statement . "  That was just one example of wasteful spending in the largest government spending bill in history , " Teepell said . "  The governor made it clear that we need to grow jobs , not government . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Obama , Jindal speeches The $ 140 million line-item for the USGS includes not only monitoring , but also replacement of aging equipment "  and other critical deferred maintenance and improvement projects . " The spending could provide new jobs "  no different than the amount of money you would spend on building a street or building a bridge or something , " said Danny Boston , an economist at Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta , Georgia . Pollard , a former Army officer who has served as Vancouver 's mayor for 14 years , said USGS equipment used to keep tabs on volcanoes is frequently damaged or destroyed . He said he was n't sure how many jobs the money could produce , but , "  For us and the people who live closer to it than Vancouver , it 's important . " iReport.com : Jindal 's tone ` insulting ' "  We lost lives the last time , and we could lose them again , " he said . CNN 's Brian Todd and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Jindal stands by statement that volcano appropriation is questionable Mayor of Vancouver , Washington , says volcano near his town still spits , coughs "  We do n't throw the money down the crater of the volcano , " researcher says $ 140 million appropriation for U.S. Geological Survey also used on equipment
CNN  -- First came the revelations , then the anger , then the resounding victory . After an emotional few days , the Los Angeles Clippers emerged from a dark cloud with a much-needed playoff win Tuesday night . Fans cheered and chanted "  We are One " as the team defeated the Golden State Warriors , 113-103 . Hours before , Clippers owner Donald Sterling had been banned for life from the NBA for racist remarks revealed over the weekend . The focus now turns to whether Sterling will sell the team , something he indicated he would not do -- but that was before he was banned . With the Clippers ' win , an ugly situation turned into a rebirth . The team lived up to the impromptu "  We are One " slogan , printed in stark , black-and-white letters on its website . "  You think it 's just the players ; it 's the fans , too . Everybody was going through this , " Clippers Coach Doc Rivers said after the game . "  It was almost like everybody wanted to exhale tonight , and it was good . " Audio of Sterling 's conversation with a female friend was released Friday night , triggering a firestorm that led to his lifetime ban and a $ 2.5 million fine . NBA Commissioner Adam Silver detailed Sterling 's punishment at a news conference eight hours before the Clippers ' fifth game of the playoff series with the Warriors . NBA owners , players and others had called for swift , firm punishment since TMZ posted the audio featuring the incendiary comments . "  I hope that every bigot in this country sees what happened to Mr. Sterling and recognizes that if he can fall , so can you , " said Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson , a former NBA All-Star . Johnson led the players union 's efforts on this matter . Under the lifetime ban , Sterling is prohibited from NBA games or practices , stepping foot inside any Clippers facility , taking part in business or personnel decisions , or having a role in league activities such as attending NBA Board of Governors meetings . Silver said he 'd do anything in his power to compel the NBA Board of Governors to force Sterling to sell the Clippers . He said he was hopeful he 'd get the needed three-quarters of the league 's owners -- meaning at least 23 -- to back the move . Sterling could fight any such move in court . Before the punishment was announced , Jim Gray of Fox News reported that he spoke with Sterling and that the owner told him the team is not for sale . At the time , Sterling did not know what his fate would be . Silver did not lay out a detailed timetable for action but said the league would start using its advisory finance committee to bring the issue before the owners "  immediately . " If Sterling does sell the team , he 'd profit considerably : He bought the Clippers for $ 12 million in 1981 , and the team is now worth $ 575 million , according to Forbes magazine . ` Now the healing process begins ' Sterling 's inflammatory sentiments came packaged in a 10-minute recording that TMZ said occurred during an April 9 conversation with his girlfriend V. Stiviano . On the recording , a man and woman argue about photos posted to Instagram in which she appears with African-Americans . The man says he does n't want the woman bringing any black people to games with her . The sports website Deadspin on Sunday posted five additional minutes of what it said was part of the same audio recording . Neither website has said how it obtained the recordings ; the law firm representing Stiviano said she did n't release them to TMZ . Clippers President Andy Roeser suggested Saturday that the audio was aimed at "  getting even " with Sterling over a lawsuit . Last month , Rochelle Sterling filed a lawsuit against Stiviano , who she said was having an affair with her husband . She accused her of going after extremely wealthy older men . Roeser said that the offensive comments are "  not consistent with , nor does it reflect  Sterling 's  views , beliefs or feelings . " At the time , he cast doubt on whether Sterling made the comments . Silver expressed no such doubts Tuesday , saying the Clippers owner "  acknowledged it was his voice on the tape . " Asked whether he expressed any remorse , the commissioner said , "  Mr. Sterling has not expressed those views directly to me . " The Clippers applauded Silver 's decision . "  Now the healing process begins , " the team said . CNN 's Jill Martin and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Fans cheer and chant "  We are One " as the team defeats the Golden State Warriors Hours before , Clippers owner Donald Sterling had been banned from the NBA "  It was almost like everybody wanted to exhale tonight , " Clippers Coach Doc Rivers says
CNN  -- Typhoon Morakot bore down on Taiwan Friday , packing 89 mph  143 kph  winds and threatening to soak the entire island when it makes landfall Saturday morning , Taiwan 's Central Weather Bureau said . A man fights against strong winds in Hsintien , Taipei county , Taiwan , on Friday . As of 10 a.m. Friday  2 a.m. GMT  , wind gusts were reaching 112 mph , and Morakot , a medium-strength typhoon , was moving west-northwest at 14 mph en route to landfall , the agency said . Already , mudslides and landslides were occurring on the land , as airlines canceled flights , and government offices , schools and the Taiwan Stock Exchange closed for the day , according to Taiwan 's Central News Agency . The storm was centered about 124 miles  200 km  southeast of Taipei and could wind up directly over the capital , said CNN meteorologist Kevin Corriveau . He predicted its impact would be massive . "  This storm has already dumped about 400 millimeters  16 inches  of rain in the central and southern part of the island , and they 're still expecting another 500  20 inches  to 800 millimeters  32 inches  of rain over the next 24 to 48 hours , " he said . Watch how the storm is affecting life on the island " Drought in recent months has severely affected the area , leaving the ground so hard that it can not absorb the rainfall , Corriveau said . However , the island tends to prepare well for typhoons , Corriveau added . "  They take it very seriously , " Corriveau said . "  Just like Cuba is very good at handling hurricanes , Taiwan is very good at handling typhoons . " On Thursday , Taiwanese Premier Liu Chao-shiuan examined the island 's emergency operation center and asked all personnel to stay on high alert over the next day , with the typhoon forecast to "  affect all regions of Taiwan , " according to CNA . Taiwan and eastern China are particularly vulnerable to flash flooding and mudslides because of the proximity of the mountains to the sea . Once it hits land , Morakot is expected to weaken to tropical storm strength , the Central Weather Bureau reported .	NEW : Storm about 200 km  124 miles  southeast of Taipei , CNN meteorologist says NEW : Mudslides and landslides occur already Friday morning NEW : Airlines cancel flights ; schools , government offices , stock exchange closed Taiwan is vulnerable to flash flooding , mudslides because mountains are near sea
CNN  -- I walked into the Gallery of African Art  GAFRA  on London 's Cork Street in Mayfair two weeks ago . Opposite the Burlington Arcade , right at the heart of the art establishment , on gallery row itself , African art formerly seen as a niche interest , now officially playing with the big boys . And the best thing ... GAFRA is owned and run by a woman : Liberian born Bendu Cooper . Just down the road in Oxford Circus is Tiwani Contemporary , a gallery that specializes in Nigerian art , also run by a woman , this time Maria Varnava who spent her childhood in West Africa . Tiwani partners with the Centre for Contemporary Art in Lagos , again run by another woman , Bisi Silva . It would appear that women are at the vanguard of raising the profile of contemporary African art . And for those who may point out that three female curators do not a trend make , name checks to Chief Nike Okundaye , Touria El Glaoui and Rakeb Sile to list a few . If female curators are a rarity , Africa-focused female curators are even more so . Yet the message of these women is not a gendered manifesto but a simple statement of fact : contemporary African art exists . Not only does it exist , it thrives . Not only does it thrive , it does pretty well at auctions , as the annual Bonham 's ` Africa Now ' auction attests to . Read this : Dakar Biennale brings African art to world stage Growing up , my conception of African art was limited to ivory masks and wooden sculptures . Art was what our ancestors did . African artists were dead and anonymous . A quick browse on the Wikipedia ` African art ' entry does much to confirm this outmoded view . The page boasts a smiling mysterious mask from Gabon , a bellicose Ife bronze head from the 12th century and a Nok terracotta sculpture from the 6th century BC . The deader the better where the African artist is concerned it seems . Yet African art is alive . One can not view the pulsating wall length panels of Victor Ehikhamenor , or the playful metal work of Sokari Douglas Camp and declare these pieces artifacts . Nor view the sculptures of GonÃ § alo Mabunda made from recycled AK47s and say these are artists working with only traditional materials . Nor listen to the acoustic art of Emeka Ogboh and say this new generation is confined to the usual mediums . The art coming from Africa today is as varied , vibrant , exhilarating and bewildering as contemporary art from anywhere in the world . And not only is this art alive , it is for the first time , moving through proper distribution channels . No more the European treasure hunter , grabbing sacred artifacts , sacking sacred temples and carting off the spoils to institutions like the British Museum and the Louvre . Instead today , the business-like curator , the technologically savvy artist , with work cleared through customs on both ends and profits split sensibly . This unfolding success story of contemporary African art comes at a good time for the continent . No matter what one might say of the trajectory of some African governments , there is no doubt that African culture is on the rise . First the rise of afro-pop music  D'banj , Fuse  then the rise of the African actor  Lupita N'yongo , Chiwetel Ejiofor  and now perhaps the rise of the contemporary African artist  Victor Ehikhamenor , Tamrat Gezahegn  . To the female curators at the forefront of the movement , I salute you . And to the public , grab their works while you can . Read this : Dakar Biennale brings African art to world stage Read this : Why ca n't Nigerians watch country 's biggest movie ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chibundu Onuzo .	African contemporary art is thriving , says author Chibundu Onuzo She says that for the first time it is moving through proper distribution channels "  There is no doubt that African culture is on the rise , " says Onuzo
CNN  -- A small plane landed on a New Jersey highway on Monday , fire officials said . The two-seater craft was heading toward an airport in Teterboro , New Jersey , but instead touched down on Interstate 80 in Hackensack , New Jersey , after the pilot reported a loss of fuel pressure , said the city 's fire chief , Thomas Freeman . There were no reports of injuries . Authorities closed one highway lane as emergency vehicles towed the plane alongside the beginnings of rush-hour traffic .	A plane lands on Interstate 80 in Hackensack after the pilot reports a loss of fuel pressure No injuries were reported
CNN  In 1985 , Meng Weina set up China 's first private special needs school in the southern city of Guangzhou . As a single mother she was motivated to help those who are often overlooked by the country 's health care system and stigmatized by society . From her first center in Guangzhou , Weina now has Hui Ling operations in a dozen cities across China providing a range of services , from kindergartens and primary schools to youth workshops and adult residential homes . The expansion of the donation-funded NGO shows not just the success of the Weina 's vision but the desperate need for mental health care provision in China . "  We estimate that only 10 % of people with intellectual disabilities in China are receiving some kind of care or help , " said Weina . According to a 2009 study published in British medical journal The Lancet , around 173 million Chinese suffer from a mental disorder . However there are only 20,000 psychiatrists , equaling 1.5 for each 100,000 people , or a tenth of the ratio in the United States . Mental health legislation Last year saw the introduction of China 's first mental health legislation , which took a reported 27 years to pass . Among the changes from the law are new financing initiatives for mental health services and training for primary care-givers . Perhaps the most significant was a new set of rights for patients , including not being hospitalized against their will . Negative perceptions of those with metal health problems are often portrayed in the media in China ; they are either victims or perpetrators of violence . Weina knows that each individual that comes to a Hui Ling center has their own set of needs and unique personality , and helping bring out their best encourages her to keep working . "  I wanted to do something to make my life worth while , " said Weina . "  When I see the smiles on their faces , when I see that these adults are truly happy to be at Hui Ling , that for me is the happiest moment . "	Meng Weina set up first private special needs school in China From the first center in Guangzhou there are now Hui Ling operations in a dozen Chinese cities Only one in ten people with mental health issues receives care , suggests Weina
LONDON , England -- A Colombian sculptor has created a mystery at London 's Tate Modern gallery by refusing to reveal how she seemingly managed to crack open a concrete floor . "  Shibboleth " is Colombian artist Doris Salcedo 's first public commission in the United Kingdom . The work by Doris Salcedo begins as a hairline crack then widens and deepens as it snakes across the full 167 meters  548 feet  of the former power station 's Turbine Hall . Salcedo said "  Shibboleth , " a statement about racism , took her more than a year to make but has revealed little else about its construction . She apparently created it elsewhere and spent the past five weeks installing it in the Tate , on the south bank of the River Thames . She refused to say how she managed seemingly to crack open a concrete floor . "  What is important is the meaning of the piece . The making of it is not important , " she said . Asked how deep the crack goes , she replied : "  It 's bottomless . It 's as deep as humanity . " Visitors meanwhile are warned not to trip on the crack . Tate director Nicholas Serota insisted the work was no optical illusion . "  This sculpture has been made in the most painstaking , meticulous way by Doris and her team before it was slowly inserted into the Turbine Hall , " he told the Press Association . "  It has taken five weeks of work here with very considerable disruption to the hall . It 's not an illusion - it 's there , it 's real . "  From the Tate 's point of view , there were only two questions : could we realize it in the way Doris envisaged ? And once the piece was created , would it damage the structural integrity of the building forever ? "  The answer to the first was yes , and to the second was no . " He declined to elaborate further . The installation will be removed next April by filling in the crack . Serota said : "  There is a crack , there is a line , and eventually there will be a scar and that scar will remain . It will remain as a memory of the work and also as a memorial to the issues Doris touches on . " The artist said the work of art represents the gap between white Europeans and the rest of humanity . Wire mesh is on show because it is "  the most common means of control used to define borders and divisions . " Salcedo said of the work : "  It represents borders , the experience of immigrants , the experience of segregation , the experience of racial hatred . "  It is the experience of a Third World person coming into the heart of Europe . "  For example , the space which illegal immigrants occupy is a negative space . And so this piece is a negative space . " E-mail to a friend	Work by Colombian sculptor at London 's Tate Modern is crack in concrete floor Doris Salcedo refuses to reveal how she created the huge work of art "  Shibboleth " represents gap between white Europeans and the rest of humanity
CNN  -- As many as 200,000 people -- most of them mainland China-based Taiwanese - are expected to return to Taiwan this weekend for an election viewed as critical to the future of an economy that has boomed thanks to warmer ties with Beijing . Taiwan does not allow absentee voting and the growing political clout of Taiwan 's expatriate businessmen -- known as Taishang in Chinese -- will be a determining factor in elections that will set the tenor of the relationship with Beijing . "  Because of the closeness of the race , this election has the highest ever number of returnees , " says Professor Ray-Kuo Wu of Fu Jen University , adding that estimates could be as high as 250,000 returnees . "  Corporate bosses have mobilized their employees to participate in these elections like never before . "  Hon Hai Precision is chartering six planes to get people back to vote and Formosa Plastics Group is another company that is helping employees return for the election . " With memories of the 2008 election still fresh , when incumbent Ma Ying-jeou of the Kuomintang Nationalist Party was returned with just 30,000 of the 13 million votes cast , the Taishang are concerned that a change of government could stall the lucrative rapprochement with Beijing . Ma 's chief opponent is Tsai Ying-wen of the pro-independence Democratic Progress Party . Tsai has the chance to become the Taiwan 's first female president , but her campaign to paint Ma 's pro-Beijing policies as selling out Taiwan 's sovereignty may cost her Taishang votes , analysts say . "  Taiwan is a democracy and , of course , the way that they vote remains to be seen , " says Wu . "  But the pro-business and pro-Beijing campaign is something of a double-edged sword . The opposition DPP has been able to paint the president as someone whose policies have only benefited the big corporations . " Although Taiwan is called the "  Republic of China , " and Taiwan has been de facto independent from the People 's Republic of China since 1949 when the Kuomintang or Nationalist government lost the Chinese civil war and withdrew to Taiwan , Beijing considers the island a mere breakaway province . China has never ruled out the use of force against Taiwan to achieve reunification . If China uses military force against the island the United States could intervene under the Taiwan Relations Act , raising fears of a much wider conflict . Relations between Taiwan and Beijing softened in 2008 when the two governments opened trade , transport and postal services , allowing direct links for the first time . What had once been a daylong ordeal , where flights to Beijing had to be routed through Hong Kong , has become a short hop across the Taiwan Strait . Tourism has strongly benefited , with 30 % of the 6 million foreign visitors arriving in Taiwan coming from mainland China . Exports , meanwhile , are enjoying a bonanza , hitting a record US$ 115 billion , up 35 % from a year earlier . "  Economically , it 's been a big boost for Taiwan , " says Wu . For its part , mainland China , also drawn by the economic prospects of closer ties , has been content not to disturb the status quo , in marked contrast to earlier elections . In 1996 , it reacted angrily to the first direct presidential elections in Taiwan believing that the favorite to win that poll , Lee Teng-hui , was advocating a separate identity and formal statehood for what Beijing has always dubbed a ` renegade province . ' Prior to those elections , Beijing conducted missile tests in the Taiwan Strait aimed at intimidating voters and the United States moved two aircraft carriers into the region . Beijing 's posturing created the opposite effect and Lee won the poll handsomely . Since then , Beijing has taken a hands-off approach , not wanting to upset what is settling into a strong economic relationship . "  The Taiwanese government has stated that the election is their domestic affair and , so far , there has been nothing overt in terms of opposition from Beijing 's side , " says Wu . Key to the current policy between Beijing and Taipei has been widespread support for the 1992 Consensus which enshrined the "  One China principle . " Under this agreement , both sides recognize there is only one China -- that both the mainland and Taiwan constitute China -- but it is up to each side to express their own definition of this . "  Traditionally business leaders have shied away from commenting on political issues , " says Wu , adding that this election has been different in that Taishang have been more overtly partisan than in previous elections . "  But there 's a recognition that there 's a need to continue with the 1992 Consensus and that it 's the best choice for Taishang in terms of the prosperity of Taiwan , " he said .	Taiwan heads to the polls on Saturday to vote in presidential elections Since ties with Beijing have warmed , thousands of Taiwanese businesses are based in China Returning ` Taishing ' could decide one of the closest polls on record Tycoons have been chartering planes to fly employees back to vote in the election
CNN  -- On a recent Southwest Airlines flight , a man dropped his pants and exposed himself to the female passenger sitting next to him , then punched her , according to an FBI affidavit . The plane was in midair , and the naked man reportedly grew angrier , screaming uncontrollably and shaking his fist in the air . In August , a man on Southwest Airlines exposed himself and punched a fellow passenger , an FBI affidavit says . The man had gone "  berserk , " said James Scanlon , a 52-year-old passenger who witnessed the August incident . "  He was jeopardizing my safety on that airplane . I was afraid he would rush the cockpit or try to jump out . " Laws prohibiting interference with flight crews and attendants on aircraft have been on the books for decades . But since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , federal officials and airlines have clamped down on misconduct , imposing bigger fines and stricter punishments for passengers who behave badly . "  Now people are more hyper-vigilant on what occurs on aircrafts , " said Ron Koziol , assistant section chief for the FBI 's violent crimes unit , who calls airplanes a "  high-risk " environment . "  The U.S. government is more aware of what can occur on an aircraft , and -LSB- officials -RSB- do n't want those issues causing the plane to be in an unsafe environment . " The FBI reports an average of 80 incidents aboard aircraft each year . The man on the Southwest fight , Darius Chappill , was charged in U.S. District Court in Oakland , California with interference with a flight crew and accused of exposing himself . If convicted , he faces up to 20 years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine . The Federal Aviation Administration , which handles unruly incidents deemed to be civil violations , has reported more than 900 cases over the past five years . In 2000 , a series of incidents in which passengers verbally harassed and hit crew members prompted the FAA to boost the civil penalty fine for interfering with a crew member from a maximum of $ 1,100 to $ 25,000 . The FBI usually handles more serious cases of abuse or dangerous behavior . The FAA numbers do n't reflect all the cases of inappropriate behavior , said Les Dorr , a spokesman for the agency . Crew members are used to experiencing the wrath of passengers who are frustrated by delays and missing baggage . Sometimes , these incidents are n't severe enough to be reported to government officials . Many confrontations occur when a flight attendant refuses to serve an intoxicated passenger another alcoholic beverage , according to flight attendants . When the temper tantrums get physical , airline officials may resort to plastic handcuffs and restraining tape . On a Frontier Airlines flight in July 2007 , passenger Tamera Freeman was seen physically abusing her children , who were crying , according to court documents . The court records show that when the flight attendant refused to serve her alcohol , Freeman threw her drink at the attendant . Crew members subsequently taped Freeman into her seat , and she spent three months in jail for the incident . Passengers who fail to comply with standard airline policies -- such as staying seated when the seat-belt sign is on or turning off electronics when the plane is landing -- also spark confrontation , airline attendants said . Christina Szele , a New York passenger onboard JetBlue Airways in 2008 , decided to smoke in her seat last summer despite the no-smoking law implemented on U.S. flights in 1990 . Court documents revealed that when flight attendants asked Szele to stop , she began to yell obscenities and racial slurs . The flight was diverted to Denver , Colorado . Szele later was sentenced in U.S. District Court in Denver to serve five years ' probation for interference with a JetBlue flight crew member . Szele was ordered to participate in anger management and drug and alcohol abuse treatment as well as fined nearly $ 8,000 . Tim Smith , an American Airlines spokesman , reported a slight decrease in the number of incidents of misconduct this year compared with last year . The number of unruly passenger incidents tracked by the FAA also has dipped since 2004 . The punishment for unruly behavior can be severe . In addition to federal charges , fines and jail time , passengers who are prosecuted may be liable for paying to divert a flight to an unscheduled airport , which can run into the tens of thousands of dollars . Depending on the offense , the unruly passenger may be banned from the airline permanently . But some passengers said they believe the airlines and government are reacting too harshly . "  You ca n't have a dispute on board an airline with the flight crew period , " said Charles Slepian , CEO of Foreseeable Risk Analysis Center Inc. , a security consulting group . "  In some instances , it 's a good thing . But others will say it is a violation of my First Amendment rights . " Several airlines require their attendants to take courses on how to defuse confrontations and calm passengers who make belligerent threats . "  We have all accepted that when we chose this career path our job is to be a safety professional , " said Kelly Skyles , national safety and security coordinator for the Association of Professional Flight Attendants , an organization that represents attendants at American Airlines . "  I 'm the eyes , ears and nose of the aircraft to report everything to the cockpit . The service part , that 's just a bonus of our job . " Diana Fairechild , an aviation consultant and flight attendant for two decades , said flying conditions have become more strenuous . Few airlines serve meals on domestic flights , and snacks and drinks are carefully rationed . The seating space is smaller , leaving passengers feeling crunched . There are more delays , fees and less fresh oxygen on board , she said , which can trigger angry behavior . Fairechild said she has seen the quality of customer service dwindle since September 11 as some crew members have shorter tempers in dealing with passengers who disobey the law . "  Listening helps , " Fairechild said on the skills she used to deal with rowdy passengers . "  Patience . Just being heard makes a big difference . "	FAA reports more than 900 cases of unruly behavior on planes over past five years Last month , a man reportedly exposed himself to passenger on Southwest Airlines FBI officials say bad behavior less tolerated on flights after September 11 attacks Unruly behavior can bring civil fines up to $ 25,000 or criminal charges
How can architecture help a nation cope with traumatic history ? A Cambodian institute designed by Zaha Hadid attempts to find a new answer to the question . Due for construction in 2015 , the Sleuk Rith Institute , designed by Pritzker-winning Hadid , will be a landmark genocide memorial for Cambodia , breaking away from stereotypes of commemorative architecture . It has been nearly 35 years since the fall of the Khmer Rouge , a regime that slaughtered two million Cambodians , but the scars are yet to fade . "  We believe that this project is one step in moving beyond memorial , to reconciliation and healing , it will be truly transformative , " Hadid tells CNN Style . Uplifting architecture From renderings of Hadid 's design , we can see five majestic towers rising out of the surrounding forest like beautiful mutant trees . Raised on stilts for protection from floods , the floating buildings evoke a serenity associated with religious sanctuaries . The design is a far cry from the dark designs of other famed genocide memorials such as Daniel Libeskind 's Jewish Museum of Berlin , a stark and imposing display of concrete and steel . "  The building design seeks to commemorate the past with moments of somberness , reflection and tranquility , but it was extremely important that the institute also evoke hope and optimism for the future , and the design includes moments of warmth , light and inspiration , " says Hadid . The choice of Zaha Hadid was crucial for the institute 's visionary founder Youk Chhang . Himself a survivor of the Khmer Rouge-led genocide , Chhang hopes that the institute can move away from the "  heavily angular , quasi-industrial , and distress-invoking architecture " of the many other memorial models . His vision for the institute -- and for Cambodia 's future -- is one that honors the past while directing the audience towards a positive , future-oriented experience . Building the future Situated in Phnom Penh , the institute will become the permanent home of the largest collection of genocide-related material in Southeast Asia -- up to a million documents archived by the Documentation Centre of Cambodia , an NGO run by Chhang . The institute 's name is also inspired by the act of documentation . "  Sleuk Rith " means "  the power of leaves " referring to the dried leaves that Cambodian intellectuals used to discreetly document and disseminate knowledge and culture during periods of oppression . But the institute 's more significant role will be in educating future generations through its graduate school program , to prevent repeating the tragedies of the past . "  People will learn about what happened so that they can liberate themselves from being a victim and get ready to compete for success in the future , " says Chhang . Local inspiration Sleuk Rith is also notable as one of Hadid 's first major projects that uses wood as a prominent material . "  Wood receives and transfers light in a particularly warm way . This quality of light and shadow within a wood-structured building is something that we felt appropriate and akin to the very qualities we strove to achieve in the design , " says Hadid . The first female architect to win the coveted Pritzker Prize , Hadid is known for her dramatic , futuristic monuments of fragmented geometry and curvilinear form . Sleuk Rith brings forth a softer , warmer , and perhaps more feminine side of the architect 's imagination , taking inspiration from a lesser known Cambodian temple , the Banteay Srei , also known as the "  Citadel of Women , " some 30 kilometers north of Angkor Wat . "  One of the remarkable things about Cambodia 's traditional temples is the way that intricate and beautiful forms are built up from simple geometric elements . We have taken a parallel approach in the design to define a progression of interconnected spaces within the institute , " says Hadid . Femininity is an important factor for this commemorative structure as women constitute a major portion of the survivors of the Khmer Rouge period . According to Chhang , women struggled to raise the next generation on their own and have been instrumental in rebuilding Cambodian society , "  but they have had too little voice " throughout the country 's tragic past . Cheeky medieval doodles show ancestors just as silly as us How did this human face appear in a gemstone ? Is this the end of ambitious Chinese architecture ? A peek inside Paris Photo , Europe 's most prestigious photo fair	Zaha Hadid has designed a Cambodian genocide memorial The Sleuk Rith Institute will commemorate the 2 million Cambodians killed by the Khmer Rouge regime The light-filled towers are a departure from the dark designs typically associated with genocide memorials Hadid was inspired by Cambodia 's "  Citadel of Women " temple
