CNN  -- A sun-starved Norwegian town has finally seen the light -- by installing giant mirrors on the surrounding mountains to reflect rays onto its market square . The small town of Rjukan sits deep in the narrow Vestfjord Valley , in the Telemark region south-west of Oslo . The towering peaks that surround it rise to almost 2,000 meters above sea level and block out the sunlight for half the year , meaning Rjukan residents live in a permanent shadow from September to March . But all that changed this week , with the official launch of a project first mooted a century ago . Three high-tech mirrors , with a combined reflective surface of 50 square meters , have been put into operation on a ridge on Gaustatoppen mountain , brightening up the previously gloomy town center by flooding it with up to 600 square meters of sunlight . Twenty-first century technology has made the $ 850,000 project possible , with heliostats -- computer-powered mirrors -- shifting every 10 seconds to track the movements of the sun during the day . But the idea to lighten up the dark town actually dates back 100 years . Rjukan was originally founded as a company town for Norsk Hydro , which set up a fertilizer plant here to utilize the hydro power from the nearby 104 meter Rjukanfossen waterfall . The story goes that the aluminum and renewable energy company 's founder , Sam Eyde , wanted a way to brighten up the existence of his shadowed laborers -- and also to make them work more effectively during the winter . The local newspaper published a suggestion by local bookkeeper Oskar Kittelsen to use a mirror to reflect sunlight onto the town , and Eyde picked up on the idea . Technological limitations of the day meant the scheme never came to fruition , however , and instead northern Europe 's first cable car  known as Krossobanen  was built in 1928 to give Rjukan residents sunlight exposure at the top of the mountain . More : Inside the cold heart of an Icelandic volcano And that was that -- until the sun mirror concept was revived nearly a century later in 2005 by local artist Martin Andersen , who raised the sponsorship funds  mainly from Norsk Hydro  and interest in the project . Solar Tower Systems , a company that builds mirror systems for solar thermal power plants in hotter climes , was drafted in to install the mirrors on the mountain wall -- not an easy task . "  There 's no road leading to the construction site , " says CEO Joachim Maass . "  You can hike there in an hour or so , but there was no alternative than to carry heavy equipment there by helicopter . " There was no way to get a heavy crane up there , so Maass had to improvise to maneuver the six-meter high mirrors into place . "  We used ancient tools , such as tripods made from wood nine meters long which we could bend together . We lifted this modern equipment with technology that people used 100 years ago , and it worked really well . " As well as improving the vitamin D intake of residents , tourism officials hope that the sun mirrors will boost the city 's winter visitor numbers . More : 10 things to know before visiting Sweden "  It 's magnificent now that it 's in place , " says Tracy Murphy , owner of town center business CafÃ © Nye Tider . " -LSB- This week 's -RSB- mirror reveal was something that has never happened before -- sun in the middle of Rjukan . "  It 's amazing and it gives the town a real draw in the winter time . Most of tourism in the winter is focused on snow sports in the mountains and ice climbing in the local areas around us . The fact that people will come to town just to see if the sun is shining is fantastic . " Rjukan 's mayor , Steinar Bergsland , agrees . "  The sun mirror means a lot to Rjukan , both for tourism and for industry , which is our origin , " he says . "  It 's a perfect combination of technology and art -- and of course it is a great welfare activity for the citizens of Rjukan . " Not that Rjukan is without its attractions already . As well as the cable car  Krossobanen ; +47 35 09 00 27  and the winter sports on Gaustatoppen Mountain , the town is near the vast mountain plateau of Hardangervidda National Park , good for hiking , cross-country skiing and reindeer spotting , among other activities . The area is also the location of the World War II sabotages made famous by the 1965 movie "  The Heroes of Telemark . " Rjukan 's industrial heritage is celebrated in the Norwegian Industrial Workers Museum , and could even see it earn UNESCO World Heritage status by 2015  it 's currently on the ` nominated ' list  . Thanks to a 100-year old idea , visitors can also come for a spot of sunshine , too . Getting there : Rjukan is a 2.5 hour coach journey from Oslo Airport . Coaches run five times a day . Fly to Oslo with : Norwegian Air ; SAS .	Sitting in a sun-deprived valley , Rjukan installed mirrors to reflect sunlight onto the town 's square Idea initially born a century ago but was not realized due to the lack of technology at the time Local businesses hope new light will draw tourists to the town in winter
CNN  -- Clive Owen is n't the leading man actor normally described as dashing and ruggedly handsome when he enters the room . Sure , the movie star charm and warmth is there , but when Owen sits down with a group of reporters , it 's as a father who knows terror . After being introduced to American audiences in 2000 with "  Croupier , " Owen has carved out a career in films portraying an intense , if disheveled , man of thought and action in "  Children of Men , " "  Closer " and "  Inside Man . " He 's also shown the ability to be a little less thoughtful with fun , ultraviolent flicks "  Shoot 'Em Up " and "  Sin City . " In the new psychologically driven horror-thriller "  Intruders , " which opened March 30 , Owen plays John Farrow , father to a 13-year-old daughter terrorized by the tormenting being "  Hollow Face , " who wishes to possess her and might be connected to a family secret . Meanwhile , in another country , a young boy is experiencing the same phenomenon . As the children 's stories begin to take shape and come together , the Hollow Face mystery is unraveled , as is Farrow 's family unit . Along with the online sexual predator film "  Trust " -- and to some degree the single-parent drama "  The Boys Are Back " -- "  Intruders " seems to mark a new chapter of Owen 's career playing fathers who often feel powerless . Owen sat down with CNN to discuss his portrayal as a father and his own real-life experience as one . He also talks about what terrified him as a child and as an adult , and the power of secrets in families . CNN : Why do audiences respond to seeing children terrified ? Clive Owen : Because we remember being terrified , probably . ... Bad dreams and nightmares , when you 're very young , are very intense experiences . I remember it , and I 've seen it in my own children . I think , over time , you learn to process it , and you wake up very quickly and can figure out what 's real and what is n't real . But for a child , it can really throw you off center . CNN : How important do you think family secrets are ? Owen : I think that we all have them . I think that 's the truth . I think that this is a very personal film to Juan Carlos and happened to him when he was young and related to secrets that his family had and that 's why he wanted to explore them in this film . CNN : Do you think it 's important to keep them or is it detrimental ? Owen : I think you have to take each one at a time . I think sometimes it is maybe better to get things out in the open . CNN : What scared you as a kid ? What scares you now ? Owen : I was n't that sort of a fearful kid , really . I remember having nightmares , but I never had recurring nightmares or got scared at night . I was n't that kind of child . When people say to me , what scares me now , it 's without doubt , the sort of welfare and well-being of my children , really . I think that 's the one thing that you kind of do n't have much control over -- just fearful that they 're going to be OK and they 're going to be alright . CNN : As opposed to roles where your body has taken a beating , does this kind of psychological role beat up your mind at all when the threat is from within ? Owen : That 's a good question because it 's harder work than you think . You 've got to take the audience to quite an intense place and sometimes doing that is as hard as doing a page of dialogue . Because if you fall short , the thing does n't work . You have to get to get to a level of intensity . That 's why I thought Ella -LSB- Ella Purnell , who plays Owen 's daughter Mia in "  Intruders " -RSB- was so good in the movie -- because she , in some ways , really holds that together . It 's her emotional terror that we 're kind of gripped by as the film goes on . CNN : Can you talk a little bit about how your character growing up has unresolved issues with his mother that affected his parenting skills when he became an adult ? Owen : I think there 's absolutely no question the central theme is that passing on fears to your children is a very real and truthful thing . ... I 've got a friend ... and the mother is scared of dogs , and the kids are now terrified of dogs . ... That 's a very simplistic version , but I think that kids are very sensitive and alive to what 's going on within people and specifically , their parents . CNN : Have you passed on any fears to your kids ? Owen : Only good things ! CNN : When you 're dealing with a child actor like Ella in these very intense scenes , do you ever have to step aside with her and just check in on her to see if she 's OK ? Owen : I think you have to do that before you even start working . I 've done about three films in the last few years that have very strong relationships with children and playing a parent , basically . It 's usually important that they feel safe before you begin , especially if you want to push it into areas that are uncomfortable , which is an interesting and good thing to do . But the child needs to feel safe and that everything 's OK . ... I actually really love working with young actors because I think they are so responsive and instinctive . And it 's much less honed a craft they 're employing , but it 's very real and reactive . CNN : Are you going to veer off from thrillers ? Are you going to do more comedy now ? Owen : No . I am filming a comedy , which is very exciting actually . It 's the first one that I 'll do really . I really like it . It really makes me laugh . So , I 'm excited about that but that 's not for a while , yet . I think I just instinctively respond to material and , at the end of the day , you look at it , and that kind of shapes a career . There 's no question that "  Trust , " "  The Boys Are Back , " and this film are obviously are related because I 'm a parent . I 'm a parent of two girls . There are things within that that I thought , ` this is really interesting to explore ' ... to do it in a very truthful way is something very exciting to discover . CNN : You 've said you 're a huge fan of "  The Exorcist . " So why do you love it so much ? Owen : I think it 's a really well-directed movie . Not just a horror movie , but a movie . I just thought it was extremely well-acted , and it still holds up today . It 's disturbing . My 12-year-old daughter has heard about it and says , ` Dad , I want to watch "  The Exorcist " . ' Sweetheart , you 're not watching that for 10 years . Do n't even think about it . I had it in the house and got rid of it because I 'm paranoid that she was going to think , ` I 'll just have a little look , ' and get traumatized for the next four years .	Clive Owen has carved out a career portraying an intense man of thought and action He has starred in "  Children of Men , " "  Closer " and "  Inside Man " He plays John Farrow in the upcoming psychologically driven horror-thriller "  Intruders " Owen says it 's important to build up trust with a child actor
CNN  -- The death toll from a cholera outbreak in Haiti has risen to more than 150 confirmed deaths , according to health officials with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and the U.S. Agency for International Development . At a joint news conference held Friday , Dr. Rob Quick and Dr. Carleene Dei discussed the outbreak and efforts to work out a containment strategy . The CDC will send an 11-member team to Haiti over the next few days to find out which antibiotics will be most effective in treating the cholera outbreak . US AID will provide supplies needed to set up treatment centers . The group has already prepositioned 300,000 oral re-hydration kits and are distributing water purification kits in affected areas . Officials also confirmed that all the reported cases are in the Artibonite and Central Plateau regions , north of Port-au-Prince . They said they 're working to contain the outbreak there and prevent its spread to the densely populated capital . Chaos reigned acrooss the Artibonite and Central Plateau regions Friday , as hospitals overflowed with people rushing to get help from the fast-moving cholera outbreak . Eric Lotz , Haiti 's national director for the nonprofit Operation Blessing , described a "  horrific " scene outside St. Nicolas hospital , the main medical facility in the city of St. Marc , as patients and their family members fought to get care . "  There was bedlam outside the gate , " said Lotz . "  Inside  the hospital  , every square inch is covered with people . " Some people waited 24 hours or more to get help outside the hospital , many of them on stretchers , said Terry Snow , Haiti director for the nonprofit Youth With a Mission . Snow said he tried to take one man with cholera to various clinics , only to end up at St. Nicolas hospital and be told that it was full . The man died soon thereafter in the back of his truck , he said . "  It 's very chaotic , " Snow said of the scene in St. Marc and more rural agricultural areas nearby . "  People are trying to figure out what to do . People are lost . " Sandrellie Seraphin , who works for Partners in Health and the Clinton Foundation , visited the hospital Wednesday . "  It 's terrible , " she told CNN by phone , describing the crowds of people trying to get help . "  There 's a great fear among the people " about the disease . 1,526 people have been sickened in the outbreak , said Imogen Wall , the U.N. humanitarian spokeswoman in Haiti . This comes after recent heavy rains caused the banks of the Artibonite River to overflow and flood the area . Dammed in 1956 to create Lac de Peligre , the Artibonite River is Haiti 's dominant drainage system , according to the U.S. Library of Congress . Snow said that "  constant miscommunication and confusion " have hindered aid efforts , though he expressed hope things may improve Friday as more help comes in . On Friday , Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive called the cholera outbreak "  unprecedented " and said authorities were working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to understand what happened . "  We have to determine ... where  the cholera  came from , " he said . Cholera is caused by a bacterial infection of the intestine and , in severe cases , is characterized by diarrhea , vomiting and leg cramps , according to the U.S.-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In such cases , rapid loss of body fluids can lead to dehydration and shock . "  Without treatment , death can occur within hours , " the agency says . A person can get cholera by drinking water or eating food contaminated with the bacteria . During epidemics , the source of the contamination is often the feces of an infected person , and infections can spread rapidly in areas where there is poor sewage treatment and a lack of clean drinking water , according to the CDC . "  If the environmental conditions are not right , anybody who ingests that food or water can get ill , " said Dr. William Schaffner , a professor of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee . "  This is the disease that can cause more severe dehydration than any other . " All the reported cases in the Lower Artibonite involve severe diarrhea and vomiting , Wall said . Ian Rawson , director of Hopital Albert Schweitzer Haiti near Verrettes , said patients began showing cholera-like symptoms Saturday . The pace picked up significantly Tuesday and beyond , though he said the situation was under control Friday at his 80-bed facility about 16 miles east of Saint Marc . "  So far , we 've been able to manage it , " Rawson said , noting that new patients were now coming in via pick-up trucks about every 10 minutes . Temperatures in the mid-90s exacerbated the dual concerns about dehydration and people contracting cholera by drinking tainted water . People lined roadsides in and around villages with buckets , according to Lotz , hoping that passerby might have clean water . He said that his organization on Thursday helped install one water filtration unit , capable of providing 10,000 gallons of clean drinking water , and planned to install another two Friday . But some parts of the impoverished nation remained out of reach , he said . One village had been totally cut off by floodwater . Operation Blessing was among many nonprofit organizations , nations and international bodies in the region offering help . In a State Department briefing Friday , spokesman P.J. Crowley said members of several U.S. agencies were "  on the ground " to facilitate and provide clean water and ensure sound sanitization . U.N. staff , too , have sent tents and rehydration supplies to the region , Wall said . Haiti is still trying to bounce back from a catastrophic 7.0-magnitude earthquake on January 12 that destroyed much of the capital city . The U.N. mission in Haiti credited access to clean water and free medical facilities for preventing feared outbreaks of cholera and tuberculosis . But Snow said he has noticed a rise in new illnesses -- from skin infections to flu-like viruses -- in the region since tens of thousands of people moved to the area after the earthquake and the opening of a new canal off the Artibonite River . Whatever the cause , Lotz said the scene this week at hospitals in and around St. Marc eerily resembled what happened in Port-au-Prince after the colossal quake . "  It 's the same scene , without the wounds , just the same numbers of people inundating the hospital , " said Lotz , who was in the Haitian capital last January . CNN 's Azadeh Ansari and Alanne Orjoux contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll has risen to more than 150 in cholera outbreak NEW : CDC , US AID coordinating relief teams and supplied to combat outbreak NEW : Outbreaks confined to region north of Port-au-Prince Scene at one hospital : "  There was bedlam outside the gate "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A small , rural town in the hills of New Hampshire was jolted by a home invasion over the weekend that left a mother dead and her young daughter severely injured . Steven Spader , 17 , is accused of using a machete to kill a woman and injure her daughter . "  This type of murder does not happen very often , " New Hampshire Senior Assistant Attorney General Will Delker said . "  This is something out of the ordinary . " Four teenagers have been charged in connection with the incident early Sunday morning along an isolated dirt road in Mont Vernon , a town of about 2,000 . In a news release Tuesday , the New Hampshire Department of Justice identified the victim as 42-year-old Kimberly Cates . The medical examiner determined that she died from "  multiple sharp injuries to the head , torso , left arm , and left leg . " The victim 's 10-year-old daughter sustained serious knife injuries that required hours of surgery . "  She 's still in the intensive care unit , " Delker said . "  Her injuries were n't life-threatening , but you should n't minimize the severities of the injuries she suffered . " Delker said Kimberly Cates ' husband was away on business at the time of the attack . Cates was a registered nurse at St. Joseph Hospital in Nashua , New Hampshire . "  She worked part time in our maternal and labor department and also in our emergency department , " Sarah Ward , director of marketing and communications for the hospital , said Tuesday . "  The staff is pretty upset about it . They were pretty close to her . " "  The people up here are n't used to this kind of thing , " Don Himsel , senior photo editor for the Nashua Telegraph , said Tuesday . "  This never really happens . " Himsel also said violent crime is extremely rare in Mont Vernon . "  I think we may have had one assault in town in the last 10 years . " The Mont Vernon Congregational Church opened its doors Wednesday for people who want to grieve , pray and meditate . "  This is a way to come together peacefully ; that 's what we are trying to do , " church official Jane Nilles said Wednesday . "  The church understands that there are people hurting on both sides . This is a time to pray and ask for God 's presence right now . It is a time to gather and to pray . " On Tuesday , the state Department of Justice announced the arrests of the four teenagers accused of taking part in the crimes . Steven Spader , 17 , and Christopher Gribble , 19 , were charged with first-degree murder , attempted murder and conspiracy to commit first-degree murder . William Marks , 18 , and Quinn Glover , 17 , were charged with burglary , conspiracy to commit burglary and armed robbery . "  The allegations are that Spader wielded the machete and Gribble used the knife , and each of them struck the victims , " Delker said . Delker , who described the case as being in its earliest stages , said prosecutors will evaluate whether additional charges will be brought or upgraded . "  Under New Hampshire law , anyone 17 and older is charged as an adult , " Delker said . A probable cause hearing for the suspects will be held October 20 .	Four teens charged in Sunday incident in Mont Vernon 42-year-old woman was killed ; 10-year-old daughter severely injured Woman 's husband was away on business at time of incident "  This type of murder does not happen very often , " state official says
CNN  -- Like many of us , James Logan knows what it 's like to forget his phone . From time to time , he leaves his cell phone in the office overnight , which can be irritating in this age of constant communication . "  It was kind of a personal problem for me , " he said . "  I tend to forget lots of things , and I thought I was n't the only person having this problem . " But now Logan has come up with what he says is a solution for those lapses : A small gadget called Bringrr . The device , which will go on sale later this month , stays in a car 's power port and alerts its owners with a buzzing tone -- "  brrring , brrring ! " -- if they 've left their phone behind . Bringrr joins a number of other devices and services that employ more technology to try to help tech-enabled people locate the gadgets they 've lost . Apple 's MobileMe software and products called Phone Halo and ZOMM are also trying to accomplish similar feats . Some say that because mobile phones are getting relatively expensive , with smartphones retailing for hundreds of dollars , these emerging technologies are more useful or necessary for consumers . "  These phones are n't cheap , and increasingly , our lives are tied to them , " said Rob Enderle , principal analyst at the Enderle Group , a technology consulting firm . "  Without my cell phone , I 'm kind of lost , so leaving it behind is a significant problem for me . " Logan , who also founded Gotuit Media  an internet video company whose clients include Turner , the parent company of CNN  , was able to test his hypothesis that other people lost their phones often with a survey last summer . The company polled 205 consumers in office buildings and shopping malls in New Hampshire and Massachusetts . They asked people in the unscientific survey how often they forgot their phones and how much they would pay to be able to stop leaving them behind . Overall , 80 percent of those surveyed said that forgetting their phones was a problem . Thirty percent said they would pay $ 29 or more to fix it . "  We came back with these results that were quite startling to us , " said Logan . "  That 's when it was full steam ahead . " The benefits of each of these new phone-location products depend on the problem the user is trying to solve , Enderle said . Since Bringrr plugs into a cigarette lighter or power port , it works best for people who drive frequently . The small gadget pairs with your cell phone so that when you start your car , it starts searching for your phone 's Bluetooth signal . If Bringrr detects it , it makes a short , "  reassuring " noise and emits a blue light . But if you 've forgotten your phone , Bringrr , which retails for $ 35 , will flash red and sound a warning that reminds you to go back to get your phone . It 's a setup that works for Enderle , who says he almost never misplaces his phone but often forgets to bring it with him . "  My problem is that I always forget to pull it out of my charger in the morning and put it in my belt , " he said . If you need help finding your charger , too , there 's also a gadget for that : A category of Bluetooth-enabled "  phone leashes " can help users keep tabs on their phones . One , called Phone Halo , combines Bluetooth and GPS technology to keep your phone or other items , including chargers , in a designated range . It can also track misplaced items to help you find them . "  My wife has a habit of leaving the phone around and searching all over the house for it . On vibrate , it can be a real problem , " said Enderle . "  If you have a habit of leaving things around the house , maybe go with Phone Halo . " Phone Halo costs about $ 60 . Another phone tether , ZOMM , retails for slightly more , at about $ 80 . Users attach ZOMM to their key chains , and the device alerts them if their phone gets too far away from their present location . The gadgets may not be foolproof , though . Bringrr 's Logan says the key chain alerts can result in "  false alarms , " such as when you leave your keys in your jacket pocket while carrying your phone with you to a meeting . Bringrr is less of a leash and more like "  taking attendance at school , " he said . Like a teacher taking roll , it makes sure that your phone is present in your car . Meanwhile , Bringrr likely wo n't work for people who take public transit or cabs instead of driving cars . A phone leash such as the Phone Halo or ZOMM , for example , might have prevented Mashable.com writer Christina Warren from losing her iPhone in a taxi cab about four months ago . But Bringrr would n't have worked in that situation . As it was , Warren did n't have any of these devices , so she had to buy a new phone for $ 500 , she says . After that , she decided to look into yet another way for people to track their phones -- a location-based software called MobileMe . She purchased MobileMe account from Apple for $ 99 a year , and she download the companion "  Find My iPhone " app . The program allows you to track the GPS coordinates of an iPhone after it has been stolen or lost . "  It was one of those peace-of-mind issues , " said Warren . "  I think that once you go through the experience of losing your phone -- especially if you rely on it for a lot of your communications -- the need -LSB- for a reminder device -RSB- becomes a lot more clear . " Some of the phone leashes have various additional features . ZOMM includes a speakerphone with a noise-canceling microphone and personal safety device . Bringrr Charge , set to ship in August , will double as a cell phone charger . Bringrr Systems is also working on expanding its catalog . Some consumer electronics make life more complicated instead of simpler , but these phone reminders can reduce stress , according to Enderle . "  Leaving your cell phone behind can be everything from annoying to potentially catastrophic , " he added . "  If you had an accident or had to call for help and left your phone behind , that 's when you would miss a device like this . " Warren points out that today 's users store more data on their phones . Find My iPhone allows users not only to track and locate their phone but to lock or remotely wipe the device . "  When you lose -LSB- your phone -RSB- , it 's a really horrible experience -- not just when you have to replace it , but when it 's gone and you do n't know where it is , " said Warren . "  When you use it for everything , finding your phone becomes really important . "	Bringrr alerts its owners with a buzzing tone if they 've left their phone behind Find My iPhone allows users to track the GPS coordinates of their cell phones Some say more expensive cell phones make these aids more useful for consumers
CNN  -- The evidence , and the claims : The knife Prosecution says : A knife found in co-defendant Raffaele Sollecito 's house has the DNA of Amanda Knox on the handle and of victim Meredith Kercher on the blade , suggesting it 's the murder weapon . Defense says : The knife does n't match the shape and size of wounds on Kercher 's body or an outline of the knife left on her bed . The defense also presented experts who said DNA on the blade was too small to be definitive . DNA on Kercher 's bra clasp Prosecution says : A bra clasp that was ripped from Kercher 's bra and found on the floor of her room has DNA of Raffaele Sollecito on it , proving he was in the room when she was killed . Defense says : The bra clasp is contaminated and essentially tainted evidence because it was moved around the crime scene and left there for more than six weeks before it was picked up as evidence . Knox 's confession Prosecution says : During her interrogation , Knox said she could hear Kercher screaming . She also pointed the finger early on at Patrick Lumumba , who was eventually released . The prosecution said Knox 's false statement proves she is lying and was at the home when Kercher was killed . Defense says : Knox 's statements were made when she was asked to imagine what would have happened that night in her apartment . The defense maintains Knox pointed the finger at Lumumba because she was confused and pressured . Eventually the confession was thrown out because Knox was not questioned with a lawyer present . Bloody footprint on bathroom rug Prosecution says : The prosecution attributed a bloody footprint on a rug in the bathroom to Sollecito , which they say proves he was there at the time of the murder . Defense says : Sollecito 's lawyers presented forensic experts who said the print is in no way a match to Sollecito , but instead a match to Rudy Guede , who was convicted separately in the case . The defense focused on Sollecito 's hammer toe , which they say would n't leave an imprint like the print found on the mat . The window Prosecution says : A broken window in the home Knox shared with Kercher was an attempt by the American to stage a break-in as a cover for the murder . The prosecution maintains it would be impossible for someone to break the window and climb through the window as proposed by the defense . Defense says : The window was broken by Guede , a known drifter who had broken into homes before . Defense expert Francesco Pasquali simulated how glass would break if a rock were thrown from the outside . His testimony included that he believes a burglar could have thrown a rock that way , not from the inside  to stage a robbery  as the prosecution maintains . Allegations of crime scene contamination Defense says : The defense has argued that several pieces of key DNA were contaminated at the scene . Crime scene video shows investigators sometimes not wearing gloves or hair coverings , prodding their fingers in Kercher 's wounds , leaving key pieces of evidence at the scene for weeks and moving them around , and at one point breaking a window for no reason . Prosecution says : The prosecution has argued that all the evidence was indeed properly handled and that it is n't their job to prove the crime scene work was good enough . Instead , they say , that 's the job of the defense . Bloody shoe print in Kercher 's room Prosecution says : The bloody shoe print found next to Kercher 's body belonged to Sollecito and placed him in Kercher 's room when she was murdered . Defense says : After Guede , a man from the Ivory Coast who was convicted in a separate trial for murdering Kercher , was found to have a shoe box for shoes matching the print , they argued for a re-examination of the print . Francesco Vinci , a coroner and forensic specialist for Sollecito , testified he believes it was wrongly attributed to Sollecito and belongs to Guede .	The verdict in Amanda Knox 's appeal will be heard after the defendant statements next week American is charged with the murder of British exchange student Meredith Kercher Kercher had her throat cut in the house she shared with Knox in Italy in 2007 Knox and her former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito are fighting to overturn their 2009 convictions
Honshu , Japan  CNN  -- I am attempting to journey from London to London via the world , using just a rowing boat , a bike and a kayak . I write from Japan -- where I am eight months and 11000 miles in to this 2.5 year expedition , having cycled and kayaked all the way here . The next phase is a solo row across the North Pacific Ocean . I set out from the east coast of Japan in the spring , bound for the North America and Canada , where I hope to arrive some five or six months later . From the coast I will pick up my bike once more and cycle across the continent to the edge of the Atlantic , ready for the final row home to the UK . I am doing it out of curiosity , for the challenge and for the perspective of traveling so slowly across landscapes and so close to nature . The idea came about during my solo row across the Indian Ocean in 2009 -- I loved tracing the line across a vast swathe of blue and feeling like I was a part of the ocean . I wanted to spend more time at sea and I wanted to experience the people and green parts of our globe too . One of my aims is to share the journey as I go -- via my website and live links with schools . It has been wonderful to link up live into school groups over the satellite phone and answer their questions on the project -- such an exciting thing for both of us , I think . Besides getting to the start of the project  logistically , financially , emotionally it was huge  , the greatest challenge has been the five week journey from the edge of Russia to the top of Japan 's main island , Honshu . I was tired and under pressure from various angles -- weather , visas expiring and kit failures . The sudden change from biking solo for months on end to kayaking with my camerawoman for the first time in months was exhausting for mind and body . Language has been a challenge on the way too -- it can often lead to some fun games trying to understand people ! Then there is the management of everything off the bike or out of the boat too -- my team , inputting into the logistics , planning ahead or raising more funding . If only it was all as simple as riding a bike or paddling a boat . The best story from the journey so far has been that of Gao -- a young Chinese guy who joined me on my cycle across his country after meeting me in a petrol station . He had never cycled more than 10 km and did n't even own a bike . 35 days later we pedaled into Beijing together after the most extraordinary adventures - through desert , over mountains and meeting some interesting characters along the way . We both grew in those 4000 km -- it was wonderful . Another highlight for me was sitting just off the beach on Sakhalin , watching a brown bear feeding along the tide lines . It was one of the most profound moments watching wildlife I have ever had . The scariest moment , besides all the near misses on the road with trucks and traffic , was the day I nearly peed on a snake . I turned to walk out of the bushes and a snake jumped clear off the ground on the attack . I squealed and ran . There were so many snakes in Kazakhstan -- I love to see them when I know they are there but those surprising encounters made my pulse race ! The most poignant and moving story so far is that of Japan 's Tohoku coast -- much of it destroyed by the major earthquake and ensuing tsunami of March this year . I am heading up there to volunteer for a week shortly . The clean up operation there will take many years and there will be lingering scars forever . Logistically it is a massive project -- the complexity of getting kit and people all over the world to match up with my various stages , and often in remote countries has been challenging , to say the least . My team and I are learning all the time and I for one am looking forward to the ocean and the simplicity of it . If something breaks I have to deal with it , whereas on land life can get quite complicated at times , because of borders , needing to find food and shelter , people etc. . Training before I came away was mostly focused on strength and conditioning so that my body was as prepared as possible for the trials of the journey . It worked to an extent but I am still undergoing recovery physio to fix some of the issues I racked up over the first phase of the journey . I also undertook some bike journeys and made my first big crossing by kayak . I am now focused on training for the ocean ahead and getting all the systems in place to make it as successful as possible . It has been an incredible journey so far , often defined by the people I have met and our reactions to each other . I am excited about the phases ahead , though keen to have some down time over the Christmas period too . It has been a huge effort to get this far and I am grateful for all those who have helped me do so .	Sarah Outen is attempting to travel around the world from London She plans to only use a rowing boat , a bike and a kayak Outen is currently eight months into a two-and-a-half-year expedition
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- The Mexican government has apologized to the families of two students killed early Friday who officials initially said were drug gang members . Jorge Antonio Mercado Alonso , 23 , and Javier Francisco Arredondo Verdugo , 24 , were mechanical engineering graduate students at the Technological Institute of Higher Learning of Monterrey , the Mexican Interior Ministry said Sunday in its apology for the shootings . Mexican soldiers chasing criminals who had fired on an army patrol shot and killed the students , the Interior Ministry said . Some of the criminals had fled onto the college campus . "  The Mexican government expresses its most deeply felt condolences to the families , " the Interior Ministry said in a release on its Web page . The federal government will intensify its investigation to find out what happened , the ministry said . On Friday , Mexican officials had said the two dead men were part of the criminal gang that shot at the soldiers . University officials also said Friday that all students were safe . That account changed Saturday , when Mercado 's mother tried to call him after finding out about the campus shootout . When she could n't reach him , she traveled to Monterrey , where she identified her son 's body , said the campus rector , Rafael Rangel Sostman . "  I 'm certain he is with God , " said the mother , Rosa Elvia Mercado Alonso . The school 's rector blamed himself for the mix-up in identities . "  I offer a public apology and take responsibility for having given information that ended up not being correct , " Rangel said . "  I want to offer my most deeply felt condolences to the family of our two students and offer them our support in this difficult situation . " Both men were scholarship students , the college said . Monterrey is in Nuevo Leon , one of two states in northeastern Mexico where drug cartel members blocked roads with hijacked vehicles Thursday and Friday to prevent military reinforcements from arriving . The criminals also set up roadblocks in neighboring Tamaulipas state . Three presumed gang members and one soldier were killed in various skirmishes over the two-day period , officials said . The area , which borders Texas , has seen bloody fighting between the Zetas and Gulf cartels after a recent gangland slaying . Hours-long gun battles are common , and U.S. officials were recently forced to temporarily close the consulate in the city of Reynosa . Mexico has been gripped in massive drug-related bloodshed since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the cartels shortly after coming into office in December 2006 . Much of the violence has taken place around Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas . There are no official government tallies , but more than 16,000 people are estimated to have died in the drug wars . The vast majority of the deaths are among reputed criminals , with some police and military also being killed . Relatively few of the deaths have been civilians . Even so , the United States and Canada have issued travel warnings , particularly along the border area . The Texas Department of Public Safety took the unprecedented step this year of recommending that students on spring break not go to border areas inside Mexico . News of the violence and the travel warnings apparently have had an effect . Mexicans say tourism along the border has declined significantly this year .	Officials say soldiers were chasing drug criminals who had fired on an army patrol They said some criminals had fled to Technological Institute of Higher Learning of Monterrey Initially , officials said mechanical engineering graduate students were drug gang members Interior Ministry apologizes for deaths , pledges more intense investigation
CNN  -- Malky Mackay was "  relieved of his duties " as manager of Cardiff City Friday just 11 days after being told by the English Premier League club 's Malaysian owner Vincent Tan he must resign or be sacked . A statement on the club 's official website confirmed the fate of the 41-year-old Scotsman , adding that a new first team manager would be appointed in due course . The departure of Mackay was widely expected after his very public falling out with billionaire businessman Tan , who has had a controlling share in the Welsh club since 2010 . Tan sent Mackay an email on December 16 , with the resign or be sacked ultimatum . He criticized Mackay 's signings and the team 's style of play and said he would be given no further funds in the next transfer window . Tan 's intervention infuriated Cardiff fans , who were out in force in matches against Liverpool and Southampton during the Christmas period to protest over their manager 's treatment . After the 4-1 defeat to Liverpool , Mackay was given a brief reprieve when club chairman Mehmet Dalman said he would remain the manager for the "  forseeable future . " But the 3-0 home defeat to Southampton proved his final match in charge as he becomes the sixth EPL manager to depart this season . Mackay was appointed by Tan in the summer of 2011 , a year after the Malaysian took control and success came on the pitch with an appearance in the 2012 English League Cup final at Wembley . Cardiff narrowly missed out in the playoffs to secure promotion , but made no mistake last season by winning the second-flight Championship . Off the field , while the Cardiff fans welcomed Tan 's investment into the club , there were protests when he changed the club 's traditional blue strip -- they are nicknamed the Bluebirds -- to red . The majority appear to have been behind Mackay during the recent saga and there were several "  Tan Out " banners unfurled at the Southampton game . The defeat left Cardiff in 16th place , one point above the relegation zone and the new manager -- former Manchester United star Ole Gunnar Solksjaer is the early favorite -- will be judged on their ability to avoid the drop .	Cardiff City sack manager Malky Mackay Mackay had been in charge since June 2011 Led Welsh side to the EPL last season Public fall out with Malaysian owner Vincent Tan
Washington  CNN  When Supreme Court justices opened the current term in October by declining to take up several gay marriage cases , it seemed they might avoid the blockbuster docket of the past few years . How things have changed . By November , the Court accepted yet another challenge to the Affordable Care Act -- the signature legislative achievement of the Obama administration . In a matter of weeks , the justices heard arguments concerning pregnancy discrimination in the workplace and the First Amendment implications of threats made on Facebook . In January , they decided to take up a challenge to gay marriage , and for good measure , also agreed to hear a case regarding Oklahoma 's lethal injection protocol . "  The term went from being one of the more uneventful terms in recent years to potentially one of the biggest ones in a generation " says Supreme Court expert Amy Howe who is the Editor of Scotusblog.com . Here 's a glimpse of some of what has been decided , what has been heard and what is to come : WHAT HAS BEEN DECIDED Religious freedom in prison : A unanimous Court ruled in favor of the religious freedom claims of Gregory Holt , an Arkansas inmate who wanted to grow a beard in accordance with his Muslim faith , but was blocked by the Department of Corrections ' policy that forbid beards except for diagnosed dermatological problems . Justice Samuel Alito wrote the opinion holding that the prison policy violated a federal law designed to protect the religious exercise of prisoners . The Becket Fund for Religious Freedom proclaimed the decision a "  huge win for religious freedom " for all Americans . But in a very brief concurring opinion , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , joined by Justice Sonia Sotomayor , distanced the case from last year 's Hobby Lobby decision . WHAT HAS BEEN HEARD Separation of powers : A 12 year old American boy , born in Jerusalem , is caught in the middle of a significant dispute between Congress and the executive branch . The disagreement began in 2002 when the parents of Menachem Zivotofsky sought to have "  Israel " recorded in his passport as the place of his birth pursuant to a federal law passed in 2002 . Sounds simple right ? Not according to the State Department , which refuses to implement the law . The executive branch says that because Israeli and Palestinian leaders have long been engaged in a dispute over the status of Jerusalem , it avoids any official act that might be perceived as taking sides . The current policy is to list "  Jerusalem " as the place of birth instead of "  Israel . " The Zivotofskys seek to compel the State Department to follow the law . They argue that Congress has broad power over passports , and that this case is about the identify of a passport holder . A lower court disagreed holding that the law "  impermissibly intrudes " on the president 's authority to decide whether and on what terms to recognize foreign nations . Race and redistricting : Recently , conservative Republicans have accused Democrats of using racial considerations improperly in the drawing of legislative maps . Not in this case . Democrats are challenging plans drawn by a Republican-led legislature . The Democrats say the plans packed too many blacks into too few districts . Experts like Richard Hasen of University of California Irvine , say the opinion could offer clues of how much the Court is willing to tolerate race-conscious districting under the Voting Rights Act "  consistent with a belief that all race conscious efforts are subject to close scrutiny . " Facebook and the First Amendment : "  There 's one way to love you but a thousand ways to kill you . " That 's one of the messages Anthony D. Elonis posted on his Facebook account after his wife left him . Other postings were so violent that his former wife sought protection and Elonis was ultimately convicted under a federal threat statute . But he 's seeking to overturn his conviction . He argues he was devastated after his wife left him and that he turned to rap lyrics as therapy . He says much of what he wrote was similar to the work of his idol Eminem . The case offers the justices an opportunity to clarify the scope of the "  true threats " exception of the First Amendment in the relatively new world of social media . Pregnancy discrimination : Almost 40 years after the passage of the Pregnancy Discrimination Act , pro-choice and pro-life groups have come together asking the justices to clarify the reach of the law . Peggy Young was working for the United Parcel Service in 2006 when she got pregnant and was told by her doctor not to lift anything heavier than 20 pounds for the first 20 weeks of her pregnancy . She asked her supervisor for a temporary accommodation but was told that UPS did not give light duty for pregnancy . She sued , citing the language of the Pregnancy Discrimination Act  PDA  that says that employers must treat pregnant employees the same as "  other persons not so affected but similar in their ability or inability to work . " Young said that UPS offered light duty for a category of workers and that she should have been included . UPS argued that it treated Young the same way it treated other employees "  with similar lifting restrictions resulting from an off-the job injury or condition " and did not discriminate on account of her pregnancy . WHAT 'S COMING UP Obamacare : On March 4 , the Court will hear a challenge to a section of the Affordable Care Act concerning the subsidies available to individuals who purchase competitively priced insurance from the American Health Benefit Exchanges . As things stand now , 16 states and the District of Columbia have established their own exchanges , while 34 states have opted to have federally-facilitated Exchanges . At issue : who qualifies for the subsidies ? The federal government say that ALL qualifying individuals are eligible . But challengers say that the law is clear : only those living in states with state-run exchanges can receive the subsidies . If the Court agrees with the challengers , the ruling could impact more than 5 million people and severely destabilize the entire law . Members of Congress who crafted the law say in a friend of the court brief that it was "  widely understood that the tax credits would be available to all Americans who satisfied the statute 's income criteria regardless of where they lived . " Gay marriage : Sometime in late April , the Court will take up whether states can ban gay marriage . Attorney General Eric Holder has vowed to file a brief and urge the justices "  to make marriage equality a reality for all Americans . " The justices will be reviewing the only recent appellate court decision that upheld state bans . The lower court said in part that the decision should be left to the democratic process . "  The people do n't get to decide what the Constitution safeguards , " says Jon W. Davidson Legal Director of Lambda Legal , "  They do n't get to vote to violate the Constitution . " Lethal injection : Three inmates are challenging Oklahoma 's lethal injection protocol , after the botched execution of Clayton Lockett last April . At issue is the first drug -- midazolam -- used in the three drug protocol that critics say violates the Constitution 's prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment . Lawyers for the inmates say the drug fails to maintain unconsciousness . In 2008 , the Supreme Court found that Kentucky 's lethal injection protocol was constitutional , but since then states have struggled to obtain drugs and frequently changed their protocols .	Supreme Court term opened by deflecting big cases But that quickly as the Court is poised to decide major issues
Egyptian authorities have served Al Jazeera with a charge sheet that identifies eight of its staff on a list of 20 people -- all believed to be journalists -- for allegedly conspiring with a terrorist group , the network said Wednesday . The 20 are wanted by Egyptian authorities on charges of conspiring with a terror group and "  broadcasting false information and rumors to convince the international community that Egypt was undergoing a civil war , " according to Egypt 's state-run media . The eight Al Jazeera journalists include three -- Australian Peter Greste , and Eygptians Baher Mohamed and Mohamed Fahmy -- who have been held by authorities since December 29 , the network said in a written statement . The charges against the journalists come amid a military crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood following the ouster of the country 's first democratically-elected president , Mohamed Morsy . Egyptian authorities say the three jailed Al Jazeera journalists held illegal meetings with the Muslim Brotherhood , which was declared a terrorist group in December . Western leaders , human rights groups and journalists have repeatedly called on Egypt to release the men , saying their arrests were a violation of human rights and media freedoms . In the statement , the Qatar-based Al Jazeera said it "  has finally been officially served , allowing the network to comment on the case for the first time . " "  Eight network staff are on the list of twenty , meaning most of those named are not employees of Al Jazeera , " it said . Al Jazeera English managing editor Al Anstey called for the charges to be dropped , saying the allegations were "  unjust and unacceptable . " "  Journalists exist to cover and challenge all sides of every story , so the idea we would broadcast ` false news ' is not only totally wrong , it is also a challenge to journalism itself and the critical role journalism plays in informing people worldwide what is really going on , " Anstey said in a statement released by Al Jazeera . Anstey stood by the network 's coverage , saying all of its videos were available online . "  Everyone can clearly see they are accurate , comprehensive , balanced and underpinned with quality and integrity . The reports tell all sides of the complex story in Egypt , " he said . In addition to Greste , British journalists Sue Turton and Dominic Kane and Dutch journalist Rena Netjes were named on the charge sheet , according to Al Jazeera . "  I am astounded that a warrant is out for my arrest because of my reporting in Egypt last year . I did n't treat the situation there any differently to every other story I 've reported on in almost 25 years as a TV reporter , " said Turton , who worked for Britain 's SkyNews , ITN and Channel 4 before joining Al Jazeera . Kane , who worked for BBC before joining Al Jazeera , said they were doing a difficult job under "  trying circumstances . " "  I have always sought to cover the events I witness with impartiality and accuracy . I trust that all who watch my reports will see that , " he said . Of the other Al Jazeera employees named , Al Jazeera identified them only as Egyptian producers and engineers working for the network in Doha , "  all of whom refute the charges against them , " the statement said . It is not immediately clear who the remaining 14 people are . Egyptian state media reported last month that all 20 worked for Al Jazeera .	Eight Al Jazeera journalists are named on an Egyptian charge sheet , the network says The eight were among 20 people named "  Most are not employees of Al Jazeera , " the network said The eight include three journalists jailed in Egypt
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  A huge explosion killed at least 23 people and wounded 48 others during a Houthi gathering in the central Yemeni province of Ibb on Wednesday , Yemen 's Interior Ministry said . The explosion took place in the local cultural center , where the Houthis were preparing for the celebration of the Prophet Mohammed 's birthday , which will take place Saturday . The governor of Ibb was present at the location of the attack but fled unharmed . The injured were taken to Al Thawra and Al Manar hospitals . Police officials said the number killed had risen from an earlier tally of 16 after several of the critically injured died from their wounds . According to one security official , a suicide bomber carried out the attack . No group has claimed responsibility for the bombing . Local security officials told CNN the attack had the hallmarks of al Qaeda . Yemen in midst of an upheaval Houthis follow the Zaidi sect of Islam and are considered Shiites by al Qaeda , a Sunni extremist group . There has been a series of recent attacks on Houthi targets across the country . The Houthis swept to power in Yemen after signing a ceasefire deal with the government in September , ending a political crisis that had halted life in the capital , Sanaa , and left more than 300 dead in a month . Its members have since installed themselves in key positions in the government and financial institutions . One month after signing the ceasefire deal , Houthis took control of large areas of the Sunni-dominated Ibb province , following weeks of clashes with militants . Dozens of fighters from both sides were killed in the fighting . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	The death toll from the blast is now 23 , with 48 wounded , Interior Ministry says The explosion targeted a Houthi gathering in Ibb province Ibb 's governor survived the blast and fled , unharmed Houthis have taken control of Yemen 's capital and won territory from al Qaeda fighters
CNN Student News  -- October 30 , 2014 In a tremendous explosion , a mission to the International Space Station ends just after getting off the ground . Today 's show explores what was lost aboard an unmanned , Antares rocket . As lava overtakes part of a Hawaiian village , we 'll tell you why the slow-moving natural disaster ca n't be stopped . And we 'll report on the factors driving gas prices into a lower gear . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Islamabad  CNN  -- Pakistan 's former president Pervez Musharraf is back in Pakistan after years of self-imposed exile and is facing a hard time from courts in Pakistan amid a range of charges , including claims he illegally placed senior judges under house arrest during a period of emergency rule he imposed in 2007 . Likely to add to his charge sheet , Musharraf recently gave an interview to CNN 's Nic Robertson when he admitted that he had given the U.S. permission on a "  very few " occasions to strike targets within Pakistan . Musharraf , an army general who overthrew a democratically elected government during a 1999 coup , had previously remained silent about the strikes Washington carried out under his tenure . But Musharraf left power in 2008 , so why has he waited until now to speak ? One obvious reason is sheer self-interest . Musharraf returned to Pakistan last month after five years of self-imposed exile in London and Dubai . He did so under the false belief that he might still be popular among the people and that he might be able to reclaim power in the upcoming elections . But upon his arrival he found only hostility . Pakistanis may not be happy with the way the country is being run now , but most do n't want to see the return of a dictator who brokered secret deals that resulted in the deaths of so many innocent Pakistanis . Open hostility is not all Musharraf has faced , though . The Supreme Court has ordered Musharraf to appear before them on charges of treason , a crime punishable by death in Pakistan . Several lower courts are also considering murder charges against Musharraf for his role in several killings , including that of several seminary students at Islamabad 's Red Mosque during a confrontation with security forces in 2007 . The Supreme Court has banned Musharraf from leaving the country and his name has been placed on an exit control list . He is currently under house arrest at his ranch compound outside the capital . Musharraf himself believes the claims are politically motivated . It is , therefore , no surprise that Musharraf has chosen now to speak out about U.S. drone strikes . If he can appease the Americans again , perhaps the U.S. administration will once again ride to his rescue . He has given President Barack Obama 's administration a much-needed headline of Pakistani support for U.S. drone strikes . But the headline itself is misleading . First , Musharraf 's statement involved only a limited number of strikes , those conducted during the administration of President George W. Bush . His consent does not extend beyond those strikes to cover those carried out under Obama , when the intensity of drone strikes escalated dramatically to form the bulk of all drone strikes . Of the 367 drone strikes , only 52 were carried out before President Obama came into office , according to the London-based Bureau of Investigative Journalism  TBIJ  . Under the Obama administration , Pakistan 's parliament , in two different sessions , has declared the strikes both illegal and counter-productive . Unlike under Musharraf , the current parliament is democratically elected and speaks with the authority of the constitution behind it . There are also serious questions about whether Musharraf 's consent was even valid for the few he supposedly approved . Any consent would have to comply with Pakistan 's constitutional laws . The High Court in the Pakistani city of Peshawar considered this question recently . During his oral arguments , the Chief Justice made it clear that the Pakistani constitution protects its citizens ' right to life and that no political leader can consent to an abrogation of that right without due process . The reality is drones -- with or without consent -- are a seductive option for the leader of the free world . It is good politics to keep America "  safe " by engaging in a war that only lines up body bags on the other side . In this war , the human losses that normally bring an end to war -- like those in Vietnam -- do n't exist . Even more seductive is the ability to wage war without oversight . For years , the CIA has refused to tell anyone who it may be killing . We 're supposed to have faith in the CIA 's good nature and their claims that they are only killing bad guys . In fact the claim drone strikes are killing only al Qaeda simply is not true -- I personally represent more than 100 civilian victims of strikes and they are absolutely not militants . According to nonpartisan public policy group , the New American Foundation , drones strikes have killed at least 1,990 Pakistanis , including hundreds of civilians . Obama campaigned and was elected on a platform of change , one that would end the abuses and torture so prevalent during the early years of the so-called war on terror . More than four years later , the "  change " Obama has brought to Pakistan through drones has resulted in more needless deaths , daily suicide attacks , and growing instability . For the average Pakistani , whether a murderous , corrupt dictator consented to this brand of change is irrelevant . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mirza Shahzad Akbar .	Pakistan 's former president Pervez Musharraf recently returned from exile Said U.S. given permission to launch drone strikes on ` very few ' occasions Akbar : Musharraf will be looking to win support from Washington once more But the former military chief is barred from standing in May 11 election
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- A state election board on Monday will announce Democrat Al Franken has defeated Republican incumbent Norm Coleman in Minnesota 's U.S. Senate race , state officials told CNN Sunday . A board will say Al Franken won the U.S. Senate race by 225 votes , Minnesota 's secretary of state says . The canvassing board on Monday will say a recount determined Franken won by 225 votes , Secretary of State Mark Ritchie told CNN . However , Coleman 's campaign , which contends the recount should have included about 650 absentee ballots it says were improperly rejected in the initial count , has indicated it will challenge the certification . Coleman campaign manager Cullen Sheehan said his team believes the recount process was broken and that "  the numbers being reported will not be accurate or valid . " "  The effort by the Franken campaign , supported by the secretary of state , to exclude improperly rejected absentee ballots is indefensible and disenfranchises hundreds of Minnesota voters , " Sheehan said . After the results are certified , Coleman 's campaign will have seven days to file a challenge . The initial count from the November 4 election put Coleman , a first-term senator , 215 votes ahead of Franken -- known for his stint on NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live " and as a former talk-show host on progressive radio network Air America . The slim margin triggered an automatic recount . During the recount , Franken 's campaign alleged that thousands of absentee ballots had been improperly rejected and asked that they be counted . The state 's Supreme Court eventually ordered that rejected absentee ballots be counted if local officials and each campaign could agree that the selected ballots were rejected mistakenly . About 950 initially rejected absentee ballots were counted Saturday after all parties agreed on them . However , Coleman 's campaign said about 650 other rejected absentee ballots -- many of them from pro-Coleman areas -- also were improperly rejected and should have been counted . The Coleman campaign has also alleged that more than 100 ballots may have been accidentally counted twice and may have unfairly benefited Franken . "  When a candidate is leading because of double counted votes , and votes that get counted even when ballots do n't exist , it clearly means that a -LSB- post-election challenge -RSB- is the only likely remedy to ensure a fair outcome , " Sheehan said . Franken 's attorney , Marc Elias , in a statement said : "  The next step is the canvass board 's meeting tomorrow , where we have every expectation they will declare that Al Franken won this election . " Deputy Secretary of State Jim Gelbmann , who oversaw Saturday 's tallying of the 950 improperly rejected absentee ballots , said the only thing left for the canvassing board to do Monday is certify the numbers . The board 's meeting will convene at 2:30 p.m. "  Candidates may have objections or suggestions or comments that they want to make , " Gelbmann said . "  I would assume the canvassing board will allow that as long as they 're brief . " Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York and chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , issued a statement Sunday declaring Franken the winner and expressing confidence Franken would remain on top following any legal battle . "  There is no longer any doubt who will be the next senator from Minnesota , " Schumer said . "  Even if all the ballots Coleman claims were double counted or erroneously added were resolved in his favor , he still would n't have enough votes to win . " Schumer also said it is "  crucial " Minnesota 's second seat in the Senate not go empty , implying Franken should be seated when the rest of the Senate convenes to be sworn in Tuesday . Minnesota 's other seat is held by Sen. Amy Klobuchar , a Democrat . Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , the chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , has pledged a GOP filibuster if the Democrat-controlled Senate attempts to seat Franken before all legal battles play out and before Minnesota 's Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a Republican , can co-sign the secretary of state 's certificate . Ritchie said the state has no problem with not having two sworn-in senators Tuesday until the process is completed .	Recount tally favoring Al Franken will be announced Monday , Minnesota officials say Incumbent Norm Coleman expected to challenge result Coleman 's campaign says 650 rejected absentee ballots should have counted
Washington  CNN  -- Richard Mellon Scaife , the billionaire publisher and banking heir who financed conservative causes that included attempts to discredit Bill Clinton while he was president , has died . He was 82 . Scaife 's death on Friday followed his disclosure less than two months ago that he had terminal cancer , according to the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review , one of his newspapers . He was heir to the banking , oil and aluminum fortunes of the Mellon family and used his estimated $ 1.4 billion wealth to underwrite conservative crusades and groups that included the Heritage Foundation , the Cato Institute and the American Enterprise Institute . Republican leaders mourned him . "  RIP Dick Scaife . Great newspaperman . Set the highest standard . True patriot for first principles we honor today . Prayers for his family , " House Speaker John Boehner tweeted . During his time supporting presidential campaigns , Scaife first backed Sen. Barry Goldwater , a Republican from Arizona who lost to Lyndon Johnson in a 1964 landslide . Scaife would later spend more than $ 1 million to re-elect Richard Nixon to the White House before becoming a staunch backer of Ronald Reagan nearly a decade later . Scaife did not always toe the line on every front of the conservative movement . He broke with the Republican Party on abortion , legalizing same-sex marriage and the decision to invade Iraq in 2003 . But the deeply private Scaife became a more widely known figure in 1998 , when he became the face of what Hillary Clinton , first lady at the time , called the "  vast right-wing conspiracy " bankrolling investigations into her husband around the time of his impeachment . He denied involvement . Scaife 's regard for the Clintons apparently shifted years later when he reportedly donated $ 100,000 to the Clinton Global Initiative after having lunch with the former President . And in 2008 , Scaife 's newspaper even endorsed Hillary Clinton 's 2008 presidential bid . Former Republican House Speaker Newt Gingrich , who helped lead the 90s-era charge to impeach Clinton , praised Scaife 's patriotism . "  Richard Scaife was a remarkable patriot , philanthropist and conservative activist , " Gingrich tweeted on Friday . "  His passing today is a great loss to America . " Scaife purchased the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review in 1969 and , while he used the paper 's editorial pages as a bullhorn for his political views , the newspaper 's staff attested to the mogul 's love of newspapers . "  He loved newspapering more than anyone I 've known , " Frank Craig , the newspaper 's editor , said in the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review 's obituary . "  No one on the staff took more pride in breaking important stories or winning major awards than he did . Many of his ideas and news tips produced some of our best coverage . " In the column announcing his untreatable cancer , Scaife wrote about his philanthropy and said none of the causes he supported "  gave me as great a sense of accomplishment as the newspapers . " While he supported a number of causes and institutions , Scaife also reportedly struggled with alcoholism for years and several family issues that pushed him into the headlines , including a contentious divorce with his second wife , which was finalized in 2012 , according to media reports . Before inheriting his family 's fortune , Scaife attended Yale University , but was expelled in his freshmen year when he rolled a beer keg down a flight of stairs and broke a classmate 's legs , according to a 1999 Washington Post article . Scaife is survived by two children and two grandchildren . People we 've lost in 2014	Scaife was heir to the banking , oil and aluminum fortunes of the Mellon family He funded conservative causes with his estimated $ 1.4 billion fortune Scaife funded investigations into President Bill Clinton around the time of his impeachment Philanthropy did n't give him as great a sense of accomplishment as did newspapers
CNN  The world is watching for what could turn out to be either a historic achievement for international diplomacy -- or , just as easily , a disappointing failure -- as negotiators sit down this week in the tranquil lakeside city of Lausanne , Switzerland , to hammer out a framework nuclear deal with Iran before March 31 . Here are some of the key things you need to know as the next major deadline approaches in the Iran nuclear talks : 1 . The road to Lausanne has been a long one . This latest round of talks are part of a process that has been going on for two years , through both public and private diplomatic channels . In 2013 , tensions between the world powers and Iran began to thaw a bit after the election of reformist Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , who pledged to end the crippling weight of international sanctions on Iran 's economy . In November of that year , officials from the five permanent member nations of the U.N. Security Council -- the United States , United Kingdom , France , Russia and China -- along with Germany , began nuclear negotiations with Iranian officials in Switzerland and signed what came to be known as the Geneva Agreement or Joint Plan of Action , offering limited sanctions relief for Iran in return for that country rolling back aspects of its nuclear program . The deal was heralded as an interim step toward a larger , more comprehensive agreement , which would further lessen the economic pressure on Iran and give the six world powers -- referred to collectively as the P5 +1 -- certain assurances that Iran 's nuclear program is peaceful in nature , as it claims . Several rounds of talks have taken place since the Joint Plan of Action was reached in an effort to bring about that comprehensive agreement . But this interim agreement has been extended twice over a failure of the parties to meet previous deadlines for a final deal . 2 . There 's no guarantee they 'll reach a deal . While both sides stand to gain from a potential agreement , they also have certain "  red lines " they are n't willing to cross -- key issues that could sink the prospects of a deal even if everything else is agreed to . For Iran , a major sticking point is the pace of sanctions relief . They want the international community to lift all U.N. sanctions at the beginning of the agreement , whereas the P5 +1 powers would rather see those sanctions phased out as Iran demonstrates its commitment to the deal . Iran also wants a high cap on the number of centrifuges and other nuclear hardware it can continue to operate , and for the restrictions imposed on it in the deal to last only a short period of time . This platform is diametrically opposed to the P5 +1 position : that Iran should maintain a relatively small nuclear infrastructure and that the moratorium on Iran 's nuclear activities should last at least a decade . And of critical importance , particularly to the United States , is the insistence that Iran be held to a minimum one-year "  breakout time " -- a technical terms reflecting the amount of time it would take for Iran to produce enough fissile material for a nuclear weapon if it decides to walk away from the agreement . So even as negotiators express some optimism about the progression of talks , it 's clear that there are major gaps to bridge , which may be why some U.S. officials have put the odds of reaching a deal at 50 % or less . 3 . Even if there 's a deal , it 's not the deal . While the focus this week is on the March 31 deadline , it 's important to note it is n't the final deadline . The parties are seeking to reach what 's being called a framework agreement -- essentially a political understanding of the main principles of the final deal . But if they 're able to come together on the big issues , they still have until the end of June when the Joint Plan of Action expires to iron out the details . So that means the talks wo n't be finished this month . Officials have been vague about the format this framework deal might take as well as how much of it will be made known to the public and international stakeholders . The United States would prefer a written accord , but Iran has balked at putting anything in writing until a comprehensive deal is reached . 4 . There are a lot of stakeholders . There are seven countries at the negotiating table , but far more following along from the outside . Israel , for instance , as one of Iran 's primary geopolitical foes in the Middle East , is watching the talks keenly . Israeli officials are regularly consulting with their P5 +1 allies on a regular basis and are trying to influence the outcome of the deal . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been one of the most vocal critics of the negotiation process , publicly butting heads with the Obama administration in an effort to derail the talks . Saudi Arabia 's government is equally concerned about the prospects of a deal , fearing it could give Iran greater leverage in the region . And there are those who fear that a nuclear agreement will spur other countries in the region to develop nuclear programs -- a means of deterring Iran if it decides to restart the military dimensions of its newly legitimized nuclear program . But there are also stakeholders in the international community that would welcome the opportunity to trade freely with Iran once sanctions are eased , giving them access to vast Iranian markets . 5 . Domestic politics matter . Aside from Netanyahu , many of Iran 's most ardent detractors are in the U.S. Congress and in Iran , and they will continue to make their views known . The chairman of the influential Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , is introducing legislation that would compel the administration to put any deal it reaches to a vote in Congress , something that the administration adamantly opposes . Administration officials say Congress has already been consulted throughout the negotiating process , and that , at the end of any final agreement  potentially a decade from now  , will play a role in repealing U.S. unilateral sanctions . But Congress is not satisfied to take a back seat in these talks -- a fact that was demonstrated this month when 47 Republican senators signed a letter to the Supreme Leader of Iran , suggesting a future president can easily retract any agreement the Obama administration signs . In Iran , Supreme leader Ayatollah Khamenei has the final say on any nuclear agreement Iran would reach with world powers . And he is mindful of hard-line clerics in Iran who are opposed to a deal with the West that imposes restrictions on what they see as Iran 's right to a nuclear program . Khamenei has sent mixed messages about the negotiations . He has voiced support for the efforts of Rouhani and Foreign Minister Javad Zarif , the lead negotiator . But he has continually voiced distrust for the United States and has dismissed the idea that a nuclear deal would lead to cooperation in other areas . The internal struggle between power centers in both the United States and Iran is a key variable that could derail the already complicated negotiation process .	Interim deal from 2013 between six world powers and Iran has been extended twice Parties are seeking a framework agreement -- or main principles of final deal -- by next week Seven countries are at negotiating table , but others such as Israel follow from the outside
CNN  -- Detectives investigating the disappearance of Madeleine McCann in Portugal are looking at six more cases where a male intruder entered holiday villas where children were staying , police said Wednesday . The development means there are now 18 potentially linked crimes at resorts near where the 3-year-old vanished in June 2007 , London 's Metropolitan Police said . Children were sexually assaulted by the intruder in half of those cases . Madeleine 's disappearance while on a family vacation in the Portuguese resort town of Praia da Luz prompted headlines worldwide -- and remains a mystery . The six new cases have come to light thanks to an appeal for information last month that prompted more than 500 calls from the public , a police statement said . "  Five involve sexual assaults on children and one was a ` near miss , ' " it said . "  Of particular interest to the team is that one of the new sexual assaults took place in Praia da Luz in 2005 . " All but one of the six offenses had been reported to the Portuguese police at the time of the Madeleine 's disappearance , the Metropolitan Police said . "  These new cases are similar to a number of the originally identified  12 offenses  whereby a male intruder has gained access to holiday villas occupied by UK families in the Western Algarve , " the force said . Investigators request Portugal interviews Of the 18 potentially linked incidents , five were in Carvoeiro , nine in the Albufeira district , three in Praia da Luz and one in Vilamoura . The offenses in Praia da Luz occurred between 2005 and 2010 . When police appealed for information last month , they said witnesses described the intruder as being tanned with short , dark , unkempt hair . The man was said to have spoken in English with an accent , and his voice was described as slow , or possibly slurred . No new information about the suspect was given Wednesday . In October , new police sketches were released of potential suspects in the case , and UK police appeared in a television appeal for information . The program prompted a flurry of tips , and police in Portugal announced they would reopen the case . Since then , the Portuguese investigation has run parallel to the British one . Detectives previously said they were investigating a spike in break-ins in the area in the weeks before Madeleine disappeared , two in the same block where her family was staying . Neither her parents , Kate and Gerry McCann , nor the detectives investigating her case have given up on one day finding the little girl from Leicestershire , England . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	UK police say six new cases have come to light of a male intruder targeting children Police say there are 18 potentially linked cases in the same region One of the new sexual assault cases occurred in Praia da Luz in 2005 Madeleine McCann was 3 when she vanished in Praia da Luz while on a family vacation
CNN  -- I never thought that this show would last 25 years -- I did n't even know it would be a success . I took it on kind of a dare . There was a three-year deal with Ted Turner , but I had an option to get out after a year . I never thought I 'd be on worldwide , or we 'd have the kind of impact we 've had on elections and cable in general . Now , we 're the longest-running show ever on the same network , at the same time , with the same host . And now you guys are picking the top moments in our shows history . Here 's what I think of the results so far , with a week to go in the voting . 1 . 9/11 -- We were part of that whole story . The moment focuses on the week I was in New York after 9/11 , and I think that was some of the best broadcasting we 've ever done . We had in-depth interviews , we were at the site . We had principle people . We covered it as well as I think any show ever covered anything . My strongest memory from that week was when the fire commissioner of New York took me through the rubble . I interviewed firemen and policemen who were there at the aftermath . I remember the drive down , and the barricades , and wearing the mask . Then going to the burn center -- the same hospital where I had my heart surgery . That was a momentous thing ; it 's almost impossible to describe what that was like . Then the night we aired that , Mayor Rudy Giuliani was my guest and that was an amazing interview . 2 . Obama inauguration -- It surprises me a little that it 's number two right now . We had good shows , but everybody covered it . I would have thought Sinatra and the Beatles would have been up higher . The inaugural event was tremendous -- I think we did a good series of shows . We were on top of the story with good guests , but it surprises me it 's up there . Maybe that 's because it 's one of the most recent . 3 . Death of Michael Jackson -- Same thing here as with the Obama inauguration . Happened recently , powerful impact ... The figure he was , the shock -- for it to happen at his age . I think all that has bearing . But all of the top three were tremendous news stories . 4 . Simpson Car Chase -- I thought this would be higher than it is , because I was in a position of describing an event as it was happening . I 'm 2,500 miles away in our Washington studios , talking about a city I was n't familiar with . I 'd gone to L.A. , but I did n't know those highways then like I do now . I had the map and was continuously broadcasting for three hours . I 'm not surprised at that at all . I thought it would be higher than number four . 5 . Marlon Brando -- I thought this would be number one , but the problem with this world today is the Brandos , the Sinatras ... as great figures as they were , it fades . It 's yesterday . It 's sad in a way , but it 's the lay of the land . Same with the three Middle East leaders . But the problem is the situation has n't improved , all three of those guys are gone . It 's yesterday . So in retrospect , I guess this does n't surprise me .	Larry King still ca n't believe "  Larry King Live " has lasted this long Larry is surprised at some of the show 's moments that viewers have selected among their top 5 Current leaders : 9/11 , Obama inauguration , Michael Jackson , O.J. Simpson , Marlon Brando Later this week , Larry will reveal his personal top 5
CNN  -- The driver of a charter bus that overturned on a Minnesota freeway , killing two women , may have had a medical emergency , a spokesman for the State Patrol said Thursday . "  One factor being considered is whether the driver suffered a medical episode while behind the wheel , " Patrol Capt. Matt Langer said . The driver , 52-year-old Edwin Erickson of Elgin , was hospitalized in serious condition , authorities said . Langer said he had a valid driver 's license . The women who died , both from Minnesota , were identified Thursday as Rhonda Hill , 52 , of Plainview and Pamela Holmquist , 56 , of Kasson . The accident happened Wednesday after the bus left a casino in Rochester , Minnesota , headed for Northwood , Iowa , Langer said . Watch video of tour bus crash site Erickson and 21 passengers were injured when the bus went out of control outside Austin , Minnesota , authorities said . They said two people were in critical condition , and one person was unhurt . Andy Skoogman , spokesman for the Minnesota Department of Public Safety , said the bus was eastbound on Interstate 90 when it veered across a median and westbound lanes before overturning and landing in a ditch on the side of the road . The wreck happened three miles west of Austin . No other vehicles were involved . Authorities said weather conditions did n't appear to be a factor in the accident .	Charter bus overturned on Minnesota freeway , killing two women Driver hospitalized in serious condition ; officials looking into possibility of "  medical episode " 22 people were aboard bus en route to Iowa casino ; only one unhurt
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Another Hollywood marriage is ending -- but this one was no flash in the pan . Robin Wright Penn and Sean Penn had been married 11 years . Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn are divorcing , according to their representative , Mara Buxbaum . People magazine first reported the split Thursday night . The actors began dating after they met making the 1990 movie "  State of Grace . " They married in 1996 , and have two children , Dylan Frances , 16 , and Hopper Jack , 14 . Previously , Penn was married to Madonna for four years , while Wright was married to actor Dane Witherspoon for two years . In addition to "  State of Grace , " Penn and Wright appeared together in 1997 's "  She 's So Lovely " and 1998 's "  Hurlyburly , " and both are set to appear in Barry Levinson 's next film , "  What Just Happened ? , " due out in 2008 . Penn , 47 , won a best actor Oscar for 2003 's "  Mystic River , " and was nominated for best actor for "  Dead Man Walking , " "  Sweet and Lowdown , " and "  I Am Sam . " His latest directorial effort , "  Into The Wild , " has received four SAG Award nominations and two Golden Globe nominations . Wright , 41 , is best known for her title role in "  The Princess Bride " and for starring opposite Tom Hanks in "  Forrest Gump . " E-mail to a friend	Sean Penn , Robin Wright Penn had been married 11 years Pair met while making 1990 's "  State of Grace " Couple has two children ; has made three films together , with fourth due out
CNN  -- In a country where women are n't allowed to drive , a female engineer is showing her male colleagues a thing or two . Wearing a headscarf and science goggles , Jumana Almuzel is a rare sight on the shop floor of Saudi Arabia 's GE gas turbine facility . Indeed , she is the only female to work alongside her male counterparts at the energy giant 's Eastern Province plant . "  When I came to the shop floor I was working with the men side-by-side , and they were asking me some questions , " said Almuzel , an American-educated mechanical engineer . "  We are helping each other , and they can see that I 'm capable of understanding the mechanics behind the components that we are working on . " It 's a radical change for a country where gender segregation is the norm , and just one in five women work . But change is afoot in this ultra-conservative kingdom , and it 's being driven from the very top by the ruler King Abdullah . With around 8 million expatriate workers in the country , Saudi officials say there is an over-reliance on foreign labor . Watch : Meet the richest man in Saudi Arabia Could local women entering the workforce be a way of combating that ? An all-female business processing center has now opened in Riyadh , with plans to employ over 3,000 women . "  The irony is , many of the unemployed are highly educated females , " said Khalid Al Falih , CEO of energy giant Saudi Aramco , at the opening of the new center . "  Over 50 % of unemployed females hold a university degrees , and that 's because mixed work environments are not available . " Meanwhile , Indian communications group Tata has already set up an all-female call center in Saudi Arabia . Despite these advances in women 's work life , a major exception remains . They are still banned from getting behind the wheel of a car and driving themselves to work . Insight : Inside Abu Dhabi 's new super mall	Female engineers works side-by-side with male counterparts Saudi Arabian king pushes for more women in workforce One in five women in the kingdom currently work Banned from driving , gender segregation is the norm
EW.com  -- Matthew McConaughey plays a slick Los Angeles criminal defense attorney in the movie adaptation of Michael Connelly 's legal thriller "  The Lincoln Lawyer " . Audiences are likely to have strong memories of the star as a perspiring Mississippi lawyer 15 years ago in the movie adaptation of John Grisham 's legal thriller "  A Time to Kill . " Those customers will be pleased to know that the guy still looks great arguing in a courtroom , still delivers his lines with a variable drawl implying barbecue for dinner . This time , McConaughey is Mick Haller , who 's familiar to fans of Connelly 's best-selling detective novels as the half brother of the LAPD 's Harry Bosch . Haller 's an unorthodox smoothie : His " office " is the backseat of his chauffeured Lincoln Continental , and his clients tend to be colorful bottom-of-the-deck types that character actors love . The lawyer 's newest client , though , is fancier goods . Louis Roulet  Ryan Phillippe , his petulant lip telegraphing his attitude  is the son of a rich family , and he 's been charged with attempted rape and murder . He swears innocence , but he may or may not be guilty . And his case bumps up against that of another former Haller client already wrongly convicted . The whole thing gets Haller 's moral gyroscope whirling in a way that makes for good reading but not automatically compelling moviegoing . Plot leaps that are fun on paper look generic on screen ; here 's another lawyer movie in which the characters are only as interesting as the actors playing them . At least director Brad Furman gives them their space . Among the draws : William H. Macy  in "  Shameless " hair  as Haller 's investigator ; Marisa Tomei as a DA who 's also Haller 's ex-wife ; and Bryan Cranston  with more hair than on "  Breaking Bad "  in a small , swell role as a hard-ass homicide detective . EW.com rating : B See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Matthew McConaughey plays a criminal defense attorney in the movie adaptation of "  The Lincoln Lawyer " Ryan Phillippe plays the son of a rich family who 's been charged with attempted rape and murder The plot makes for good reading , but not automatically compelling moviegoing
CNN  -- Cyprus has become the latest eurozone nation to apply for a bailout amid a financial crisis linked to debt defaults in Greece . The Mediterranean island has a huge banking sector and its public debt is expected to match GDP within the next decade . Proposals to tax existing bank deposits as part of a rescue package have alarmed investors . The Cypriot parliament on Tuesday rejected a $ 10 billion eurozone bailout package due to investor alarm over a proposed tax on existing bank deposits as part of the rescue package . Why is Cyprus facing financial problems ? In a March 16 statement on the agreement , the Eurogroup -- an informal body of eurozone finance ministers -- said the "  current fragile situation of the Cypriot financial sector " was linked to its large size relative to the country 's GDP . Eurogroup president Jeroen Dijsselbloem said Cyprus ' banking sector was more than five times the size of GDP and the group predicted that the island 's public debt would reach 100 % of GDP in 2020 . Cyprus ' finance ministry said it needed $ 10 billion  $ 130,000  "  to cover fiscal needs , the restructuring of the banking system and for the support of the economy in general . " Are Cyprus ' issues related to the financial crisis in Greece ? We need look no further than the streets of Athens to understand how Cyprus ended up in its current position , according to CNN 's Jim Boulden . When a struggling Greece was allowed to let some of its private bond holders take a loss -- a "  haircut " -- Cypriot banks lost money and needed refinancing . So the big financial institutions like the Bank of Cyprus asked for a bailout from the government , and the government came to the EU in June 2012 saying it needed a bailout in turn . Talks have dragged since then , as Cyprus resisted many of the tough economic measures demanded by potential institutional lenders in return for bailout funds . Boulden said one sticking point was whether Cyprus would have to raise its corporate tax from the EU 's lowest of 10 % to 12.5 % -- equal to Ireland . Read more : Cyprus bailout threatens to backfire What 's being proposed in Cyprus ? Cyprus is trying to get a $ 10 billion eurozone bailout . Under the original Eurogroup proposal on March 16 , all holders of bank accounts in Cyprus -- both residents and non-residents -- would have been required to pay a one-off tax on their existing deposits . Account holders with more than $ 100,000  $ 130,000  would have paid a 9.9 % levy and those with smaller deposits 6.75 % . However , discussions around the specifics of the deal appear to be ongoing . The money would be used to prop up Cypriot banks that were badly exposed to the financial crisis in Greece . The Financial Times reported that the depositor levy was demanded by a German-led group of creditor countries to bring down the bailout 's price tag from $ 17 billion  $ 22B  . Cyprus ' ministry of finance said in a statement that "  without the levy , the sovereign debt would have undoubtedly been non-sustainable . " A government spokesman later said Cyprus ' president had "  fought hard " to exclude deposits of under $ 100,000 from the levy "  which was imposed in order to blackmail Cyprus by those who are today trying to justify their own decisions . " On March 19 , Agence France-Presse quoted French Finance Minister Pierre Moscovici as saying the eurozone had agreed to scrap the levy on deposits of less than $ 100,000 . British Chancellor George Osborne told the BBC on March 17 that the UK government would compensate any of its military or civil servants serving in Cyprus affected by the levy . Will the proposal go through ? On Tuesday , the Cypriot parliament soundly rejected a $ 10 billion bailout offer from the European Union because of public outcry over the proposed tax on bank deposits . In trying to convince Cypriots to support the EU deal , President Nicos Anastasiades warned that the alternative -- bankruptcy , exit from the euro and devaluation -- would be even more painful . After the vote , Germany 's finance minister said that European officials were disappointed . "  Cyprus has a banking sector that is way too big and they are insolvent with that model and no one outside of Cyprus is at fault for that , " Wolfgang Schaeuble said on German public broadcaster , ZDF . Read More : Cyprus rejects bank levy , bailout in doubt Anastasiades and the leaders of Cyprus ' political parties will now meet on Wednesday to try to hash out an alternative plan , but they 'll have to come up with a workable solution quickly . Banks are due to open Thursday for the first time this week and the chance of a run on deposits is high . Read more : Five reasons bailout matters Will any deal a precedent for other European countries ? CNNMoney said developments are being closely watched because of the potential to destabilize financial markets in Europe ; there are also concerns that other financially weak nations might fear similar bailout provisions in the future . "  The question is whether this becomes a full-blown crisis or a mini-crisis , " Steven Englander , global head of foreign exchange strategy at Citi told CNNMoney . "  Depositors and investors elsewhere could easily see this as another in a string of ` one-offs ' and react badly . " Has such a tax been imposed anywhere before ? It is the first time in the EU . In 2001 , the IMF released a report on bank debit taxes that had been imposed in Latin America -- however , these taxes were on financial transactions not an outright grab as is being proposed in Cyprus . Read more : How to turn a drama into a crisis Wo n't this cause a run on banks ? At least 35 banks from around the world have branches in Cyprus , according to the country 's central bank . Cyprus ' parliament needs to approve the deal but Cypriots rushed to withdraw their savings from bank ATMs after news of the plan . CNN 's Isa Soares said some banks were already refusing to release cash or putting limits on withdrawals . Cyprus has extended its Monday bank holiday until Thursday . Writing for CNNMoney , Brookings Institution fellow Douglas J. Elliot said there was a "  grave risk " that the bank levy would "  eventually lead to serious bank runs in other parts of the eurozone . " What will happen if a revised deal does n't go through ? In an address to the nation on March 17 , President Nicos Anastasiades said the bailout option was "  very difficult " but one that would eventually lead to economic recovery in Cyprus . He said failure to agree to the package would "  lead to disorderly bankruptcy as a result of the decision of the European Central Bank to immediately discontinue the provision of emergency assistance to preserve the liquidity of the two large banks . " This would have meant depositors would have lost access to their deposits , and a large number would have faced significant losses , he said . This would mean depositors will lose access to their deposits , and a large number will face significant losses , he said . Watch : Opposition leader talks to Quest on bailout plan What 's Russia 's involvement ? Nearly a third of the money in Cyprus ' banks is Russian , CNNMoney reported . It said a 10 % corporate tax -- half that of Russia 's -- meant Russian firms had been using it as a tax haven since the early 1990s . The top proposed levy could result in a $ 3 billion loss for Russian citizens . President Vladimir Putin described the tax as an "  unfair , unprofessional and dangerous step . " CNN 's Ratlisa Vassileva said Russia 's government was angry not to have been consulted on the proposal and its finance minister had said the issue would factor in any decision the country made on restructuring its multi-billion dollar loan to Cyprus . Cyprus ' finance minister was due to meet his Russian counterpart later Wednesday .	Cyprus ' president has agreed to an EU rescue package that would see bank deposits taxed Lawmakers in Cyprus reject the controversial tax on bank deposits The Eurogroup predicts that Cyprus ' public debt will reach 100 % of GDP in 2020 There has been a run on ATM machines since the proposed measures were announced
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A decision on if researchers can study Junior Seau 's brain for clues to the NFL veteran 's suicide will wait until his family meets with elders from their Samoan culture , his family said Monday . Seau , 43 , died of a gunshot wound at his Oceanside , California , home wound last week in what the coroner concluded was a suicide . There has been speculation about whether repeated hits to his head over his 20-year pro football career could have been a contributing factor . Seau 's parents , who are from the island of Aunu'u , American Samoa , were meeting Monday with Samoan elders , according to Shawn Mitchell , who was Seau 's pastor . "  The Seau family is currently revisiting several important family decisions and placing them on hold in order to confer with their elders , " a family statement said . "  All possibilities are being considered , but none will be acted upon until the Seaus arrive at an agreed upon direction . " While there was no evidence Seau suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy  CTE  , a degenerative disease brought on by multiple concussions , friends and family have stepped forward to say the legendary linebacker suffered a number of hits to the head during his career . Researchers have contacted the Seau family to request the opportunity to study his brain , Mitchell said last week . While Mitchell did not identify the researchers making the requests , among the institutions the family could donate Seau 's brain to is Boston University 's Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy , the research center that found former Chicago Bears safety Dave Duerson suffered degenerative damage to his brain because of repeated hits . Duerson committed suicide , shooting himself in the chest in 2011 and leaving a suicide note that said he wanted his brain studied for possible damage . While Seau left no such note , he did aim the handgun at his chest . "  Him taking the shot to the chest makes sense that he would want his head examined , " Mitchell said . As a linebacker , Seau played "  the most havoc-ridden position on the team . He suffered many concussions , so there is a strong sense that it played a role , " said Mitchell , who is also the chaplain for the San Diego Chargers , the team for which Seau played 13 seasons . Seau 's death follows last month 's suicide of former Atlanta Falcons safety Ray Easterling , the lead plaintiff in a class action lawsuit against the NFL over concussion-related injuries . The lawsuit names more than 1,000 professional players . Both Easterling and Duerson exhibited symptoms of repetitive head trauma : memory lapses , anger and deep depression , according to family and friends . And in both cases , researchers found signs of brain trauma . The NFL has repeatedly dismissed the lawsuit 's allegations that the league concealed links between football and brain injuries , saying player safety is a priority . "  Any allegation that the NFL intentionally sought to mislead players has no merit , " it said . Seau does not appear to have participated in any of the pending lawsuits against the NFL . CNN 's chief medical correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , warned against drawing a conclusion in Seau 's case , though he said there are striking similarities between his death and other cases involving football players . The only way to determine if Seau suffered CTE is to analyze the brain tissue for "  hallmarks of the dementia-like disease , " Gupta said . "  We ca n't know , " unless Seau 's brain is analyzed in this way , whether his death was related to CTE , he said .	A decision on a brain study is "  on hold " while Seau 's family consults Samoan cultural elders Researchers want to study the NFL veteran 's brain , a close friend says Seau , 43 , died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound at his Oceanside , California , home There 's speculation about if hits to his head during his football career were a factor
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama hosted a dinner to salute soldiers recently back from Iraq -- marking his first major tribute to the veterans since officially withdrawing all troops from the nation . The White House said it invited more than 100 veterans and one guest each to the event Wednesday night , and a few veteran groups and Gold Star families . "  In the history of this house , there has never been a night quite like this , " Obama said . "  This evening we welcome not the statesmen who decide great questions of war and peace , but citizens men and women from every corner of our country , from every rank of our military , every branch of our service , who answer the call , who go to war , who defend the peace . " Touching upon veteran difficulties following the Vietnam War , Obama pledged to thank and honor the service of wartime veterans . "  You succeeded in your mission , " Obama said . "  In your resilience , we see the essence of America because we do not give up . All of you taught us a lesson about the character of our country . " At the end of his 10 minute speech , the president raised a glass of water and toasted his guests . "  To the country we love , to the men and women who defend her , and to that faith -- that fundamental American faith -- that says no mission is too hard , no challenge is too great , " Obama said . "  Through tests and through trials , we do n't simply endure , we are stronger than before , knowing that America 's greatest days are still to come . And they are great because of you . Cheers . " The dinner , which the White House called "  A Nation 's Gratitude : Honoring those who served in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn , " also included remarks from Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey , Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta . "  Thank you for your duty , for your dedication , for your service to this great nation , " Panetta said . "  Tonight we are truly in the company of heroes . " The president promised that these types of events would continue . "  This is not the first time we 've paid tribute to those who served courageously in Iraq , " Obama said . "  This will not be the last . The last U.S. soldiers pulled out of Iraq in December , ending nearly nine years of war that killed 4,500 Americans and left tens of thousands injured .	"  In the history of this house , there has never been a night quite like this , " Obama says He pledges to thank and honor the service of wartime veterans At the end of his speech , the president raises a glass of water and toasts his guests
CNN  -- It took more than 20 years to get an answer for the injustices I suffered as an unfairly paid worker , so I know what it 's like to wait . But the six seconds of silence from Mitt Romney 's campaign recently seemed like forever . Romney 's advisers held a conference call inviting reporters to ask questions . One was simple and straightforward : "  Does Gov. Romney support the Lilly Ledbetter Act ? " In other words , when a woman is paid less than a man for doing the same work , does the presumptive Republican nominee support her right to fight for the equal pay she 's guaranteed under the law ? That 's exactly what the bill that bears my name ensures -- it simply gives workers a fair shot to make their case in court . It 's not a hypothetical question . Women get paid just 77 cents for every dollar a man gets . That means a woman would have had to work from January 1 , 2011 , until this Tuesday to match what men earned in 2011 alone . Romney 's team has certainly had enough time to think about its candidate 's positions -- he 's been running for president for six years -- and about the law in question , which was the very first one that Barack Obama signed as president more than three years ago . But Romney 's team drew a blank . The line went silent . Crickets . When an adviser finally piped up , it was n't to answer the question . It was to tell the reporter , "  We 'll get back to you on that . " The Republican nominee for president does n't know whether he supports the principle of equal pay for an equal day 's work ? He needs some time to think about it ? What an insult . Romney then went on national television , where Diane Sawyer asked him if he would have signed the bill into law . He still would n't give a straight answer , saying that he had no "  intention of changing that law . " In other words , he ducked the question . For all we know , had the Ledbetter bill crossed Romney 's desk instead of President Obama 's , Romney would have vetoed womens ' right to fight back . And if a future Republican Congress tries to repeal the Ledbetter law , we do n't know whether Romney would let it . If the Paycheck Fairness Act , which goes even further to outlaw gender discrimination in the workplace , reached his desk , we do n't know whether he would stop it . While Romney decides whether he opposes gender discrimination , here is an important reality he should consider : This is n't just about women . It 's about all families and their economic security . The consequences of unequal pay reach far beyond the paychecks women take home every week . My pension and Social Security were based on an unfair salary , so over the course of my career , I was cheated out of hundreds of thousands of dollars that could have gone to my kids ' education or my family 's medical bills or to support the shops and small businesses in my community . I also worked countless hours of overtime , but the extra pay I earned was based on the same uneven scale . The question Romney 's campaign could n't answer is a question of fairness and whether American workers have a level playing field on which everyone has the same opportunity to get ahead . I know Obama believes in those values . As the grandson of a woman who worked in a bank long after she hit the glass ceiling -- and who was paid less than the men she trained -- he believes equal pay is an essential right . As the father of two girls , he cares deeply about making sure the work force they 'll join one day is n't slanted against them . But I have no idea where Romney stands -- and from the sound of it , neither do those closest to him . What we do know about whom and what Romney supports is even more unsettling than his silence on this issue . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker recently took away citizens ' rights to fight workplace discrimination . Romney called him a "  hero " and a "  man of courage . " He 'd also repeal Obama 's health reforms and bring back the discriminatory days when being a woman was considered a pre-existing condition , which means insurance companies could charge us more than men for the same coverage or deny it to us altogether . When combined with pay inequality , Romney 's promises would mean women would earn less income and then be forced to pay more for basic health care . That 's devastating for our families and the economic security of the middle class . Anyone who wants to be president of the United States should n't have to think about whether hardworking , responsible middle-class families deserve the opportunity to succeed . We know all too well what it 's like to hear silence when we fight for fairness -- and we 've heard enough . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lilly Ledbetter .	Mitt Romney 's campaign drew a blank when asked if it supports the Lilly Ledbetter Act Lilly Ledbetter : It 's insulting that Romney would n't give a straight answer on whether he would sign the law She says pay equality is not just about fairness , it 's about economic security for all families Ledbetter : Romney 's positions would mean that women would face economic setbacks
CNN  -- He is Manchester United 's man for all seasons . As a mainstay of the team that won 13 Premier League titles and two European Cups under retired manager Alex Ferguson , Ryan Giggs provides a vital link to United 's illustrious recent past . During 23 years with the Old Trafford club , he has continually reinvented himself to remain a key figure in English football 's most successful team . From a pacey winger in the early 1990s to a yoga-practicing 21st century professional , Giggs ' status as a revered veteran of United 's golden age made him the only logical choice to step into the managerial hotseat vacated prematurely by Ferguson 's replacement David Moyes last month . Giggs was appointed manager on an interim basis , his four-game spell in the dugout coming to an end with Sunday 's trip to Southampton . The 40-year-old 's playing contract also expires in June , meaning for the first time in nearly a quarter of a century , the club could be absent from the life of Ryan . Current Dutch national team coach Louis van Gaal is the man expected to take control of United on a full-time basis , but whether the former Ajax boss will retain the services of Giggs as a player or a coach is unclear . In a press conference last week Giggs hinted that , should Van Gaal arrive as is widely expected , he could pursue a coaching career at another club . But for one former member of Ferguson 's coaching staff , retaining the services of Giggs is essential if United are to bounce back from failing to qualify for the European Champions League for the first time since 1995 . "  What 's important is that Ryan stays at Old Trafford , " Rene Meulensteen , who was Ferguson 's assistant manager at United between 2007 and 2013 , told CNN . Blog : Is Man Utd the impossible job ? Meulensteen , who was sacked as manager of Fulham in February , thinks Giggs is a figure of such stature within football that he could afford to skip a couple of rungs on the career ladder . "  I do n't think he should go and manage a club in the Championship  English football 's second tier  , for example , " he explained . "  Ryan is an exception to that rule . " It is a common refrain within the game that great players do n't necessarily make great coaches . Argentine Diego Maradona , for example , is rated by many as the finest footballer of all time but as a coach he struggled in charge of his native Argentina . A counter to such perceived wisdom is Maradona 's compatriot Diego Simeone , who was well-regarded as a combative midfielder and is now on the brink of leading Atletico Madrid to a Champions League and Spanish title double . "  It would be a transition both for the club and Ryan but you have to give it time , " said Meulensteen when asked if Giggs should be appointed on a full-time contract . "  Giving Ryan the job provides the chance to re-establish the Alex Ferguson dynasty . That is the only way to do it if the club wants to try that route . "  But if they go for Van Gaal , Ryan can learn from him . " By spending almost his entire playing career under Ferguson , Giggs had the opportunity to learn from a giant of the game . The principles ingrained in Giggs by the ruthless Scot , who brought the curtain down on his own career in May 2013 , could serve him well should he inherit his mentors old job in the near -- or distant -- future . "  All his life Ryan has shown he can manage his position on the playing field , but now he has to show he can manage everyone 's position at the club , " added Meulensteen , reflecting on Giggs ' credentials . "  He has to decide what team to pick and what tactics to use -- he has to drop people that he has played with . But again I do n't see him having a problem with that . "  Most important -- can he manage the training ? Ferguson always stressed that what you do in training manifests itself in matches . " If what Giggs achieved as a player manifests itself during his coaching career , United fans could have a lot to look forward to .	Ryan Giggs ' spell as interim Man Utd manager ends on Sunday The Welshman replaced David Moyes after the Scot was sacked last month The veteran midfielder has been in the United first team for 24 years Giggs ' playing contract expires at the end of the season
CNN  -- The Netherlands came from a goal down to beat 10-man Brazil 2-1 in their World Cup quarterfinal clash in Port Elizabeth on Friday . An early goal from Robinho had put Brazil in command , but in the second half the Dutch drew level when Wesley Sneijder 's cross was deflected into his own net by Felipe Melo . Inter Milan 's Sneijder then headed his team ahead in the 68th minute after Arjen Robben 's corner had been cleverly flicked on by Dirk Kuyt . A miserable afternoon for Melo was completed when he was sent off for stamping on Robben . The Dutch will play either Uruguay or Ghana in the semifinals , but for Brazil and coach Dunga it is a bitter defeat . "  We are all responsible for this situation but I have the greatest responsibility , " he told AFP . The inspirational Sneijder was surprised to score the winner with a rare headed goal . "  This was my first header here , I do n't think it will happen again , but it was great , " he told AFP . "  The ball slipped on my bald head and went into the net , a great feeling . " The 26-year-old added : "  If you can eliminate Brazil , one of the best teams in this championship the first feeling is relief , we always believed in it . " A Dutch victory had looked unlikely as the five-time World Cup champions took charge from the start . Melo found Robinho with a precise pass through a static Dutch defense and he made no mistake as he swept his shot past Maarten Stekelenburg in the 10th minute . Further chances fell to the Brazilians as Dani Alves set up defender Juan who blazed his volley over . The best move of the match involving Robinho and Lus Fabiano saw Kaka draw a brilliant save from Stekelenburg , while right back Maicon shot into the side netting on the run as half-time approached . There seemed no way back for the Dutch , but a 53rd minute aberration from Brazil keeper Julio Cesar turned the tide of the match . He totally missed Sneijder 's left-footed cross from the right and the unfortunate Melo saw it brush his body before finding its way into the net . More poor defending allowed Sneijder to give the Dutch the lead and when Melo was deservedly shown red it was the end of the line for the South American champions . Only a strong run and shot by Kaka which was deflected away offered them much hope and they might have fallen further behind to Dutch counter attacks .	The Netherlands beat Brazil 2-1 in World Cup quarterfinal in Port Elizabeth Robinho put Brazil ahead but an own goal by Felipe Melo saw the Dutch level Wesley Sneijder scores winner for the Dutch in 68th minute Melo sent off soon afterwards for fouling Arjen Robben
Among the calls for justice in the Maryville , Missouri , rape case is one from a familiar Guy Fawkes mask-wearing face . Anonymous , the activist hacking collective that has instigated cyberattacks on such groups as the Church of Scientology and the Westboro Baptist Church , made a statement Tuesday regarding the case of Daisy Coleman , the high schooler who says she was raped by a local football player . The 2012 case is back in the news after a recent investigative report by the Kansas City Star raised questions about the way it was handled . "  We demand an immediate investigation into the handling by local authorities of Daisy 's case , " Anonymous said . "  We have heard Daisy 's story far too often . We heard it from Steubenville , Halifax and Uttar Pradesh . ... If Maryville wo n't defend these young girls , if the police are too cowardly or corrupt to do their jobs , if justice system has abandoned them , then we will have to stand for them . " The statement closed with Anonymous ' traditional tagline : "  We Are Anonymous . We Are Legion . We do not forgive . We do not forget . " Missouri prosecutor to seek special prosecutor in teen rape case A rape case may seem like a strange cause for Anonymous , which is better known for defending Internet freedoms . But it 's not the first time the group has gotten involved in high-profile episodes of of bullying or sexual assault . Last year , it posted information about the reputed tormenter of Amanda Todd , the Vancouver girl who committed suicide in 2012 after a topless photo of her led to teasing and abuse at school . Anonymous also threatened to reveal names of students involved in the 2012 Steubenville , Ohio , rape case involving a high school girl who was sexually assaulted by two high school football players . Witnesses to the crime talked about the incident on social media sites , sharing photographs and using degrading terms for the victim . CNN reached out to Anonymous for comment via a Twitter site affiliated with the collective but did not immediately receive a reply . The group sees itself as a defender of the defenseless . It was also active in spreading the word of the Occupy movement and making trouble for opponents . Who is Anonymous ? Everyone and no one "  Anonymous likens itself to the Air Force of the Occupy movement , " CNN 's Amber Lyon reported in 2012 . "  When they see evidence of what they believe is police misbehavior , Anonymous strikes back , releasing personal information about specific officers . " Gabriella Coleman , a professor at McGill University in Montreal who 's written extensively on Anonymous , says the group has gotten involved with rape cases only recently . "  Historically , Anonymous tended to get involved in censorship and social movements , " she said . "  But because they have no mandates , there have been operations relating to any and every cause . If there 's one that becomes particularly powerful -- and I would say that 's what happened with Steubenville -- then it does become part of the repertoire of injustices they get involved in . " If there 's a particular perceived injustice , the group is more driven to get involved , Coleman says . In the Maryville case , authorities dropped the charges against the athletes who had been implicated in the alleged rape . But , Coleman adds , there 's also a bit of chance involved . She said Anonymous picked up on the Maryville case after a Twitter message was sent to an account affiliated with the group . It read , "  This is what happens when Anonymous does n't get involved in a rape case , " with a link to the Kansas City Star story . The fact that the case was essentially closed may have prodded the collective , she adds . "  Basically , it 's case closed , " she said . "  If it was an ongoing case , they would still maybe get involved , but it attracts more attention in a situation like this . There are still a lot of questions . " Maryville is the third rape case Anonymous has been part of in a year , she observes . Though Anonymous originated out of the website 4chan and initially took on activities for thrills , its focus has changed in the past few years , says Coleman . Now , operations tend to be politically motivated -- and there 's even some backbiting if things get out of hand . For example , people involved in the Maryville project have been critical of the Steubenville operation "  because there was so much collateral damage , " Coleman said . "  They do learn from previous operations , " she said , though the nature of Anonymous is that its activities remain fluid . It 's difficult to know whether Anonymous ' demands have had any impact on the Maryville case . But Missouri Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder on Tuesday called for a grand jury review of the evidence .	Hacker collective is demanding an investigation into handling of Missouri rape case Group posted statement online Tuesday criticizing law enforcement Anonymous : "  If justice system has abandoned  victims  , then we will have to stand for them " Expert : If there 's a perceived injustice , the group is more driven to get involved
Paris , France  CNN  -- All 12 of France 's oil refineries have reopened after being shut down for two weeks or more following a series of massive union-led actions protesting the government 's planned pension overhaul . Strikes ended Friday at all six of Total 's refineries , according to a spokesman for that company . It should take about a week for those facilities to start producing fuel again . Yves le Goff , a spokesman for the French Union of Petroleum Industries , said industry leaders planned to meet Friday afternoon to discuss the situation . The refineries and the nation 's 219 petroleum depots were targets this month when hundreds of thousands of people hit the streets to rail against a plan to raise the retirement age from 60 to 62 . Unions call the move unfair , though France 's government say it is critical to keep public finances in order . The latest round of nationwide protests took place Thursday . France 's Interior Ministry estimated that 560,000 people demonstrated , while unions -- six of which called for the protest , along with another one planned for November 6 -- put the number at a much higher 2 million . A day earlier , the lower house of France 's parliament approved the controversial pension reform bill ; the Senate had approved it Tuesday . But lawmakers can still force the bill to go to the Constitutional Council before it becomes law . The opposition Socialist party has said it will try that route , which requires 60 legislators . The pension plan is the latest in a continuing round of moves by President Nicolas Sarkozy 's administration to pare down France 's deficit and curtail government spending . While many nations in Europe and elsewhere have undertaken or proposed major cuts , such moves are especially significant in France , where historically one in four jobs has been tied to the public sector . Already , 40,000 teachers and staff have been laid off since 2008 in schools and universities . And 54,000 military jobs are set to be lost through 2015 , per a plan announced two years ago . The government says that another 100,000 civil service jobs have been cut since Sarkozy took office in May 2007 . CNN 's Winnie Andrews contributed to this report .	NEW : All of France 's 12 oil refineries have reopened after several strikes ended Friday NEW : A Total spokesman says it will take a week for facilities to produce oil again Production had been halted at the refineries during protests over national pension reform
CNN  -- Egyptians swarmed Cairo 's Tahrir Square to demand that their first freely elected leader respect their wishes , hoping to revive a democratic groundswell that swept the country 's former strongman from power nearly two years ago . Protesters waved flags and banners , chanted slogans and called on President Mohamed Morsy to roll back last week 's decree giving himself expanded presidential powers -- or resign . The crowd included many different Egyptian factions , including Western-style liberals , secularists , moderates and women 's rights activists . "  I 'm here because this is our country -- all of us , " one woman told CNN . It 's not just for our president . " But Morsy showed no signs of backing down . Egypt 's Cabinet chief , Mohamed Refa'a al-Tahtawi , said there will be no retreat from the constitutional decree , state-run EGYNews reported . He reportedly stressed the president would not back down because his move was motivated by democratic aims . There were no official crowd estimates for Tahrir Square . But the square was packed as protesters clogged the roundabout and tents filled the grassy area in the middle . The rally lasted into Wednesday 's early hours , with some demonstrators singing and playing drums and guitars while others listened to speeches . Though the protest was mostly peaceful , at least one demonstrator died in early clashes with authorities ahead of Tuesday night 's massive rally , the Ministry of Health said . The opposition Popular Alliance Party said the protester died after inhaling excessive amounts of tear gas , which police used in numerous scuffles with rock-throwing protesters on the side streets leading to the square . And in the Nile Delta city of Mahalla , police reported dozens of injuries when demonstrators stormed the headquarters of the Muslim Brotherhood , Morsy 's political movement , Interior Ministry spokesman Alaa Mahmoud told CNN . Police also used tear gas to break up the melees and made numerous arrests , but the building was destroyed , Mahmoud said . Ahmed al-Aguizi , a spokesman for the Freedom and Justice Party -- the Brotherhood 's political arm -- said the anti-Morsy protesters carried knives , swords , clubs and guns and battled Brotherhood supporters for four hours . Across the country , 116 people were injured in protests in Cairo and elsewhere , EGYNews reported , citing the Ministry of Health . Protesters are angry with Morsy for his declaration last week that his edicts are beyond the reach of judges in what critics call an unprecedented power grab . A statement Monday night that appeared to at least partially limit the scope of the decree did not seem to salve their anger . On Monday , his office clarified the edict , saying it only applied to "  sovereign matters . " Morsy "  did not give himself judicial power " but did provide "  immunity for his presidential decisions , " said Jihad Haddad , a senior adviser in the Freedom and Justice Party . Haddad added that "  the president himself  is  not immune from judicial oversight , " though it was n't clear in what instances that would come into practice , or if there was anything preventing Morsy from issuing a new decree so this could not happen . Protesters want to show that "  the whole population of Egypt is against " Morsy and his backers , said former Finance Minister Samir Radwan . Morsy and his Muslim Brotherhood supporters have defended the policy as necessary to defend the fragile Arab Spring revolution that pushed former President Hosni Mubarak from power and led to the country 's first free elections . On Tuesday , the Brotherhood 's official Twitter feed dismissed the protests as underwhelming and said what it described as a low turnout indicated a "  lack of support among Egyptians . " But Egyptian journalist Mona Eltahawy said the crowds have turned out to tell Morsy , "  We are your checks and balances . " "  We are the people who will keep you honest , right after you grabbed all of this power for yourself that has made you even more powerful than Mubarak , who we got rid of last year , " Eltahawy told CNN . "  So , the people are there to say , ` We might have elected you as president , but we did not elect a new dictator . ' " Eltahawy said Egypt 's judiciary does need to be "  cleansed " -- "  but the way to help Egypt toward freedom is not by paving it with dictatorship . " The Muslim Brotherhood scrapped its own demonstration to show support for Morsy -- also scheduled for Tuesday -- "  to avoid any problems due to tension in the political arena , " said spokesman Mahmoud Ghozlan . But the Muslim Brotherhood Twitter feed told opponents to brace for "  millions in support of the elected prez . " Opinion : Do n't blame Muslim Brotherhood for Morsy power grab Morsy 's decree Thursday said that judges ca n't overturn his decisions or interfere with an Islamist-dominated council writing a new constitution . He also sacked the nation 's top prosecutor . In addition to outbursts on the street , Egypt 's judges have reacted . All but seven of Egypt 's 34 courts and 90 % of its prosecutors went on strike Monday in protest , said Judge Mohamed al-Zind of the Egyptian Judge 's Club . He described Morsy 's edict as "  the most vicious ... attack on the judicial authority 's independence . " Edict divides Egypt , unifies opponents Morsy insists he 's trying to protect Egypt 's fragile Arab Spring revolution , not accumulate unchecked power . His moves "  cemented the process that would create the institutions that would limit his power , define the constitution and have parliamentary elections so that we can say this is a democracy , " said Haddad . Senior presidential aide Essam El-Erian called concerns about Morsy 's edict overblown , blaming the protests on "  counterrevolutionary forces " loyal to Mubarak 's party . Polls show "  an overwhelming majority supporting President Morsy and his decisions , " Haddad said Monday . Analysis : Morsy makes his move But that 's not how his political foes -- seen as "  heretics " by many members of the Muslim Brotherhood , according to Washington Institute for Near East Policy fellow Eric Trager -- look at the situation . Amr Hamzawy , who 'd been in the now-dissolved parliament , said action is needed to prevent more "  suffering " under a president with "  sweeping powers , " as Egypt had for 60 years under men like Mubarak , Anwar Sadat and Gamal Nasser . "  Morsy is the ... president who has sweeping executive  power  , sweeping legislative  power  and ... puts himself above the judicial branch of government , " said Hamzawy , founder of Egypt 's Freedom Party . "  That is a very dangerous mix , which can only lead to a dictatorship . " The rest of the world is watching , too . Former U.S. diplomat Jamie Rubin said Morsy 's edict "  brings to mind all the fears that people in that part of the world have had about the Muslim Brotherhood when it comes to democracy . " Morsy to meet with top judicial body The unrest raises new concerns about stability in Egypt , which has gone through two years of protests and turmoil . "  The majority of the people are really suffering , and they were looking forward to some stability , " said Radwan , the former finance minister , who served under Mubarak as well as in the government that followed him . "  I 'm afraid that this constitutional declaration has blown it up . " Hamas leaders in Egypt for cease-fire talks CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalists Ian Lee and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy reported from Cairo . CNN 's Michael Pearson , Greg Botelho and Jason Hanna contributed to this report in Atlanta .	NEW : Egypt 's Cabinet chief says there will be no retreat from the constitutional decree NEW : 116 people are reportedly injured in protests throughout the county ; 1 died "  I 'm here because this is our country -- all of us , " a demonstrator says A Morsy backer says the president has "  overwhelming " support from Egyptians
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- More than 400 people have been killed in a spate of violence in northern Nigeria , the president of a human rights group said Tuesday . More than 150 alleged militants were arrested by Nigerian police after clashes . The violence has pitted Islamic militants against government police and troops in the north-central part of the nation , officials said . Attacks continued Tuesday in the suburbs of the northern city of Maiduguri , said Shehu Sani , president of the Civil Rights Congress , a human rights organization based in northern Nigeria . People there are seeking refuge in police and military barracks and in hospitals , he said . Police and troops were dispatched to the militants ' hideouts after they began attacks on government establishments Sunday , said police spokesman Moses Anegbode . As authorities exchanged fire with the militants , 41 people , including a soldier and a policeman , were killed , Anegbode said Monday . In addition , some 176 people were arrested in Bauchi , he said . Besides Bauchi , militants also staged attacks on the nearby states of Yobe and Borno on Sunday and Monday , said Emmanuel Ojukwu , spokesman for the national police . Yobe 's police commissioner , Alhaji Muhammed Abbas , said that 23 suspected militants were arrested in connection with a bomb attack at a police station in Potiskum that killed a policeman and a civilian and wounded seven people . The official News Agency of Nigeria reported that as many as 100 members of a religious sect led by Sheikh Mohammed Yusuf may have been killed in a confrontation with police . In Borno , police spokesman Isa Azare said that two policemen were killed in an attack on police headquarters late Monday . "  The religious fanatics took the police unawares , " Azare told the government-affiliated New Nigerian newspaper . "  That was why they succeeded in killing all the officers on night duty . " Panicked residents stayed inside in all three states , and businesses shut down , even though officials said the situation was under control . The militants used guns , bows and arrows and machetes in the attacks , officials said . The militants disagree with the government 's teaching of Islam in the region , maintaining that the government allows itself to be influenced by Western values , and have been attacking government offices and Islamic clergy . There is a history of religious violence in central Nigeria , where majority-Muslim north Africa meets largely Christian sub-Saharan Africa . Human Rights Watch estimates that more than 1,000 people were killed in riots in 2001 . The human rights organization alleged last week that police and soldiers killed at least 133 people during two days of riots between Muslims and Christians in Nigeria last year . Most of the victims were young Muslim men , often unarmed , the group charged in testimony before a state commission examining the riots and in a separate report . More than 700 people died in the violence , the organization said , citing local religious authorities on both sides of the divide . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	As many as 400 people killed in Nigerian violence , group says Militants disagree with the government 's teaching of Islam 176 people also arrested , according to police
CNN  -- As Michael Jackson fans and the media pour into Los Angeles , California , for what could be the most widely watched memorial of all time , an obvious question remains : Where will he be laid to rest ? Bette Davis is among the notables buried at the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn park . Although the Jackson family has n't made an official statement , all signs seem to point toward Forest Lawn Memorial Parks and Mortuaries , the organization that has buried a vast number of Hollywood 's notables . On Monday , sources told CNN that Jackson 's relatives will hold a private gathering at the Forest Lawn cemetery in Los Angeles Tuesday morning ahead of a massive public service . The gathering is scheduled for 8 a.m.  11 a.m. ET  -- two hours before a memorial service at the Staples Center arena downtown . Cemetery officials have not commented on the matter . Sunday , Jim McDonnell , assistant chief of staff of the Los Angeles Police Department on Sunday , said Forest Lawn officials were working with the Jackson family on their plans , which were part of "  a package " of events Tuesday . His comments , however , did not answer questions about where or when Jackson would be buried . There is speculation that the burial will be at Forest Lawn 's Glendale location , but the media have been swarming around the Hollywood Hills memorial park , located right off the freeway behind Disney Studios . Tito Jackson 's ex-wife , Delores "  Dee Dee " Jackson , is believed to be buried there . Forest Lawn Memorial is the first stop tourists make in search of the crypts of Hollywood greats . Numerous books and Web sites such as findagrave.com and seeing-stars . com claim to have insider knowledge about celebrity grave locations on the properties , but Forest Lawn is unrelentingly secretive about who , exactly , is entombed in its parks . "  We hold the privacy of our client families in very high regard , " said Bill Martin , spokesman for the Glendale location , which is considered the "  mother lode " for celebrity grave hunters . "  There are certain areas and property types that have limited access . " The tombs of Sammy Davis Jr. , Humphrey Bogart and Jean Harlow are in locked areas not accessible to the general public , according to findagrave.com . With that kind of commitment to privacy , it 's understandable why Jackson , known for being reclusive , might be buried there . Avid grave hunter Lisa Burks , who frequents both the Glendale and Hollywood Hills parks , said she would n't be surprised if Jackson were to be buried at either location . Burks was first drawn to Forest Lawn Glendale because of its artwork and statuary , but once she found out that celebrities were "  buried with the regular people , " she said , she began to grave hunt . "  We leave flowers and take pictures , " Burks said of her time at famous graves . "  It 's the way of remembering someone who made a difference , who cheered me up when I was a kid or entertained me . With Michael Jackson ... if he ends up at a cemetery , I 'll definitely go and take flowers . They feel like a member of the family , so you treat them like a member of the family . " Even if you ca n't find a way to see your favorite celebrity 's crypt , Los Angeles residents said that just stepping foot in the park is an experience in itself . "  I know for some people cemeteries can be intimidating or just where you go to mourn . But at Forest Lawn , it is n't sad ; it 's really a beautiful place , " said Beth Zeigler , an Echo Park , California , professional who frequents the park 's museum . But if you call any of the Forest Lawn Memorial Park and Mortuaries a cemetery , you would be remiss . There are certainly graves behind the Glendale park 's majestic wrought-iron gates , but that 's where the similarities end . Amid its 300 acres , the park has three churches , replicas of all of Michelangelo 's works and a copy of Leonardo da Vinci 's "  The Last Supper " in stained glass . Instead of above-ground tombstones , the park uses flat , engraved markers for grave sites , so from afar all you can see are grassy hills . The memorial park draws over a million visitors each year , including 70,000 who come to get married . Built in 1906 as a traditional cemetery , Forest Lawn was revamped by Dr. Hubert Eaton in 1917 . Like Jackson , Eaton was "  an icon -LSB- of his -RSB- time , " said Laura Kath , author of "  100 Years in the Life of Forest Lawn . " " -LSB- Eaton -RSB- is the man who first envisioned the memorial park concept , that cemeteries should not be filled with tombstones but should celebrate the life of those entombed there and celebrate the living , " Kath said , "  and people loved the whole concept . Eaton was a visionary . " Burks agrees whole-heartedly with Eaton 's vision . "  Cemeteries are for the living , " Burks said about her visits to celebrity tombs . "  We 're remembering them . It sounds crazy , but I dare anyone to do it , and I 'd bet it would make them feel good . "	Will Jackson be buried among other stars at a Forest Lawn location ? The not-for-profit group 's strict regulations about privacy would match Jackson 's life Sammy Davis Jr. and Humphrey Bogart buried there , among other stars
More than two years on from the worst nuclear disaster in a quarter of a century , the situation at Japan 's stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant remains toxic , prompting the Japanese government to announce new measures to attempt to deal with radioactive leaks . The plant 's operator , Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  , has been criticized for its handling of the disaster , with the country 's Trade and Industry Minister , Toshimitsu Motegi , comparing its stopgap approach to a game of "  Whack-a-mole . " The government has now stepped in and pledged $ 470 million to try to tackle the leaks , through measures which by its own admission are unconventional and untested . How did we reach this point ? When the 2011 tsunami swamped the plant , located 149 miles  240 kilometers  north of Tokyo on Japan 's eastern seaboard , it cut the power to vital cooling systems for the three reactors in use at the time , resulting in the second-worst nuclear accident in history after Chernobyl in 1986 , as the reactors melted down and leaked radioactive material into the atmosphere . TEPCO has since been pumping huge volumes of water into the plant -- hundreds of tons daily -- to cool the crippled reactors that once powered the plant . This water , which becomes highly radioactive once it comes into contact with the plant 's fuel rods , has been stored in makeshift , hastily-built storage tanks around the site -- about 1,000 so far -- containing enough irradiated water to fill about 160 Olympic-sized swimming pools , with about 400 tons added to the tanks daily . Scientists who monitor radiation levels offshore have pointed to evidence of an ongoing leak for more than a year , but it was only recently that TEPCO admitted it was occurring . Last month , TEPCO said one of the storage tanks at the site had leaked 300 tons of toxic water , prompting Japan 's nuclear regulator to declare the situation a Level 3 serious incident , its most serious assessment since the 2011 meltdowns . It has since stated that several tanks and pipes at the plant are suspected of leaking toxic water . According to the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  , Level 3 applies to situations in which there is "  severe contamination in an area not expected by design , with a low probability of significant public exposure . " More leaks feared at Fukushima Why are these holding tanks leaking ? The leaks that have occurred so far have been in a type of storage tank using plastic seals . About 350 of the 1,000 tanks in place are constructed in the same way . These are the ones that were constructed hastily in the aftermath of the disaster as a makeshift measure -- but , two and a half years on , are beginning to fail . Michael Friedlander , a nuclear engineer and former U.S. power plant operator , told CNN the eventual failure of the tanks years after they were deployed on a supposedly temporary , emergency basis is illustrative of TEPCO 's ad hoc , unsustainable response to the disaster . "  Given the cards they were dealt , building a tank farm to hold the water in in the heat of the emergency , there was really there only one option , so I do n't fault them for that , " he said . But beyond the emergency response , TEPCO had demonstrated no long-term vision for dealing with the problem , he said . "  You ca n't be getting rid of 400 tons of water a day with no end in sight , " he added . "  Their strategy was never sustainable . You 've got all this radioactive material sitting there next to the plant with effectively no long term strategy for dealing with it . " Is this the only problem ? There 's also an issue with groundwater , which flows from the hills surrounding the plant and gets contaminated in radioactive areas . In July , TEPCO admitted that radioactive groundwater was leaking into the Pacific Ocean from the plant , even though an underground barrier was built to seal in the water . How much radiation is there ? In July , TEPCO disclosed that water from test wells around the reactor buildings showed concentrations of radioactive tritium in one well as high as 500,000 becquerels -- a unit of radioactive intensity -- per liter of water . By comparison , Japan 's maximum safe level of radioactivity in drinking water for adults is 300 becquerels per liter . This month , a sharp spike in radiation levels was detected in some of the pipes and storage tanks -- the highest reading was 1,800 millisieverts per hour at the bottom fringe of the tank . Readings of 220 and 70 millisieverts per hour were measured at the bottom of other two tanks . And TEPCO said it found a dried stain under the pipe with a 230 millisieverts per hour radiation measurement . The average person in an industrialized country is naturally exposed to 3 millisieverts a year . Experts say that after a single acute exposure of 1,000 millisieverts , people tend to start feeling nauseated . Exposure at 5,000 millisieverts over the course of a few hours can be fatal . What threat does the current leak pose ? "  In the grand scheme of things , is it a potential threat to Tokyo or the countryside outside the plant proper ? Truthfully , no , " said Friedlander . "  In the event one of the tanks ruptures due to another seismic event would it make a huge mess ? Absolutely . " It also represents a threat to the workers at the plant if they come into contact with radiation at that level . Some experts have suggested that contaminated water may need to dumped into the ocean at some stage . Japan fed up with ` whack-a-mole ' approach to Fukushima How dangerous would this be ? "  In the context of the original accident and ground leakage they 've had going on for 2.5 years ? After a short period of time you probably could n't even detect it , quite honestly , " said Friedlander . "  The currents , the background radiation that 's already there -- the contaminated water would get diluted out by the vastness of the Pacific . " Fisheries around the area have closed as the catch is not fit for consumption . "  But a good responsible nuclear operator would do everything possible to clean that water up to the best technological standards of today -- which is very clean . It 's only the residue that technology ca n't clean up that gets put in the ocean . " How radiation can be removed from the contaminated water ? "  With off the shelf technology you can get rid of nearly all radioactivity to below detectable levels , " he said . One exception was tritium , which he said , "  requires completely different technology that you could n't deploy on this scale . " Aside from that , technology existed to be able to process the water to acceptable levels for release . What are the options to halt this leakage ? TEPCO has proposed setting up a subterranean barrier around the plant by freezing the ground around it , preventing groundwater from leaking into the damaged plant and carrying radioactive particles with it as it seeps out . The plan to freeze the ground presents significant technical challenges . It could involve plunging thousands of tubes carrying a powerful coolant liquid deep into the ground surrounding the stricken reactor buildings . The technology has been used before in the construction of tunnels , but never on the massive scale that the Fukushima plant would require . Will it work ? According to Friedlander , this technology has only really been employed as a temporary solution , during construction projects for example -- but to attempt to use the freezing option as a long-term option would make little sense . He said the only viable option is to clean the water to a standard where it can be released . "  I get it 's going to take 40 years to decontaminate those buildings , " he said . "  But there has to be a way to figure out where groundwater intrusion is coming from and stop it . There has to be a way of doing that from outside the buildings -- you ca n't be getting rid of 400 tons of water a day with no end in sight . "  This is nothing more sophisticated than when your basement at home leaks . There 's well established technology for dealing with groundwater intrusion in facilities . "  But freezing the ground for 40 years does n't sound like a sustainable solution . " TEPCO looks for outside help to stabilize crippled Fukushima nuclear plant	Operators Tokyo Electric Power Company criticized for their handling of the disaster Huge volumes of water pumped into the plant to cool the crippled reactors But damaged water storage tanks have been leaking irradiated water TEPCO said one tank at the Fukushima site had leaked 300 tons of toxic water
CNN  -- The ` Chosen One ' is back in football . Dumped unceremoniously by English soccer 's most successful club Manchester United less than a season into his six-year deal , David Moyes is the new coach at Real Sociedad . The Scot will take the reins at the Spanish club whose defeat of champions Atletico Madrid at the weekend moved it out of the relegation zone courtesy of goal difference . It is Moyes ' first job in football since being sacked by United in April . He was hand-picked to take over at Old Trafford by predecessor Sir Alex Ferguson , who retired after 27 years at the club . Despite that backing from Ferguson -- who won 13 Premier League titles and two European Champions League crowns during a trophy-littered spell -- Moyes lasted barely 10 months . Real confirmed the appointment on its official website . A statement read : "  Real Sociedad have reached an agreement with David Moyes who has been appointed coach of the first team until June 30 2016 . "  Details about the official presentation of Real Sociedad 's new coach and who will form part of his technical team will be published -LSB- on Tuesday -RSB- morning . " The 51-year-old follows a pair of British managers to have coached Real Sociedad , based in the town of San Sebastian , 14 miles from the border with France on Spain 's northern coast . Former Liverpool striker John Toshack , from Wales , had three spells as manager of the club , winning the Copa del Rey in 1987 , while Chris Coleman , now in charge of the Welsh national team , had a six-month spell in 2007 . While fans and commentators have reacted positively to Moyes ' appointment , Spanish football expert Phil Ball thinks it does represent something of a gamble on both sides . "  The local newspaper here is pleased because Moyes has a certain cache but if you look at what he 's done since 1993 when he signed as a player for Preston he 's moved in the radius of about 60 kilometers , " Ball , who is based in San Sebastian , told CNN . "  It 's not exactly the profile of the international manager is it ? I 'm not suggesting he 's incapable of adapting but there 's going to be a period of adapting . The obvious challenge is learning Spanish and also adapting to a new league . "  It 's not a gamble in the sense that he 's an experienced manager , but it is in the sense that he 's what I would call a slightly parochial sort of manager . "  To call a person parochial when they 've been in the Premier League for so long is wrong but I just do n't think he 's ever contemplated going abroad . "  I think it is circumstances that have pushed him to suddenly become a person that who has decided to go abroad . At the age of 51 , you 're not exactly a young guy going abroad . "  To be fair to him , he 's moving out of his comfort zone but he also needs to re-establish his name . Whether Sociedad is the right choice , I do n't know . " Dubbed ` The Chosen One ' by supporters after his anointing by Ferguson , Moyes moved to United after an 11-year spell with Everton in which he consolidated them as a top-eight Premier League club . He won his first competitive match in charge of United , beating Wigan 2-0 in the Charity Shield that pits the Premier League winners against the FA Cup winners as the traditional curtain raiser to the season . But United were quickly off the pace in the title race and suffered a string of home defeats to mid-table clubs , as well as a derby thumping by Manchester City . After going out of both domestic cup competitions in January , United were dumped out of the Champions League at the quarterfinals stage by then-holders Bayern Munich . Ironically , after a defeat to Everton on his first return as United manager , Moyes was sacked in April , just 10 months after taking charge , with the club lying in seventh place . Ball thinks Moyes ' stint at Everton will help his reign at Sociedad , who place a big emphasis on developing local talent through their ` cantera ' -- or youth academy . "  Sociedad are sixth in the European league of providing professional players to themselves and any other teams , above Athletic Bilbao and only two places behind Barcelona , which is astonishing , " he explained . "  Moyes was successful , not on a shoestring -- Everton were n't a poor club but they were n't rich either -- and he was clever in making those medium-guy signings and making them good . "  He 's been quite shrewd in the transfer market but I do n't think he 's drawn particularly from European knowledge . He does n't really know the market , the league , or the style of play that well . "  A manager of his knowledge and experience obviously knows the basics of what goes on here but it still might be a bit of a shock for him . " One thing Moyes does seem to have grasped is the club 's distinct identity . Located in the Basque country , Ball says some associated with Real Sociedad do n't even like for it to be known as a Spanish club . It espouses similar values to Athletic Bilbao , located 100km west of San Sebastian , who only select players from the Basque region to represent the club . Though financial constraints prevent Sociedad from adopting a similar policy , according to Ball , in many ways it is more Basque in its approach than Athletic . And , crucially , Moyes seems to have grasped this idea of identity in his dealings with Sociedad president Jokin Aperribay . "  Apparently , Moyes was incredibly detailed in his interview and was interrogating Aperribay , who is more used to interviewing the manager , " Ball said . "  The president was impressed by that and by the homework Moyes had done . "  Aperribay laid it down and told Moyes he was coming to a very special club with a special identity . He told him it was n't Spain , it was the Basque country which is different culturally and politically , and a club that does n't even like to known as Spanish . "  He was impressed by the fact Moyes had realised this , from what I can gather . "	David Moyes appointed manager at Spanish La Liga club Real Sociedad Moyes has been out of football since being sacked by Manchester United in April Scottish coach was hand-picked to take over at Old Trafford by Alex Ferguson Moyes lasted less than a season at Old Trafford after a difficult campaign
CNN  -- The United Kingdom wo n't compromise over the sovereignty of Gibraltar in the latest row with Spain over the rocky outcropping on its southern tip . "  Our differences with Spain on Gibraltar will be resolved by political means through our relationship as EU partners , not through disproportionate measures such as the border delays we have seen over the past week , " the UK Foreign Office said in a statement . Spain recently ramped up border checks , leaving drivers languishing in line for hours on end . Spanish Foreign Minister Jose Garcia-Margallo also has suggested imposing a 50-euro fee on every vehicle entering and leaving Gibraltar . A spokesman for British Prime Minister David Cameron called the prospect of fees worrisome . "  Clearly , we remain seriously concerned by the events at the Spain/Gibraltar border on this issue of border fees . The Spanish have not raised the prospect of introducing border fees with us . We are seeking an explanation from them regarding reports that they might target Gibraltar with further measures . " Garcia-Margallo said the money would go to help fishermen whose fishing grounds have allegedly been damaged by authorities in Gibraltar . The British territory has been working on an artificial reef . "  We will be seeking an explanation from Spain following reports that the Spanish government might target Gibraltar with further measures , " the Foreign Office said . The history Britain 's 300-year-long control of the Mediterranean colony has been a persistent irritant in its relations with Spain . Talks on its fate re-started in July 2001 after breaking off in 1987 . London and Madrid came close to a deal on joint sovereignty in 2002 , but it collapsed after an unofficial referendum showing that 99 % of Gibraltar 's 30,000 residents opposed the change and feared they would be abandoned by Britain . Britain gained possession of Gibraltar in 1704 and legal control of the strategic port with the Treaty of Utrecht nine years later . The treaty granted Spain the first right to reclaim Gibraltar if its status changed .	NEW : British PM wants to hear what Spain has to say about Gibraltar border fees The Mediterranean colony has been a persistent irritant in UK relations with Spain Spain says Gibraltar has damaged Spanish fishing grounds The UK Foreign Office says it will seek an explanation from Spain
CNN  -- The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is asking parents to immediately stop using a series of inflatable floats for babies in swimming pools , announcing a voluntary recall of about 4 million floats Thursday . The Squirtin ' Tootin ' Tugboat is among the floats covered by the recall . The items -- which inflate to seat babies and toddlers as they float on water -- are manufactured by Massachusetts-based Aqua Leisure Industries . The company has voluntarily recalled 14 models because the leg straps in the seat of the float can tear , causing children to slip into the water , posing a drowning risk , the commission said in a statement . There have been 31 reports of float seats tearing , though no injuries have been reported , the commission said . The floats were sold from December 2002 through June 2009 at retailers nationwide , including Target , Toys "  R " Us , Wal-Mart , Dollar General , Kmart , Walgreens , Ace Hardware and Bed , Bath & Beyond . The commission is asking consumers to stop using the floats and to send them back to the company . Aqua Leisure officials could not be immediately reached for comment , but the company 's Web site has posted the commission 's recall advisory . CNN 's Gerri Willis contributed to this report .	Aqua Leisure Industries recalls 14 models Leg straps can tear , allowing children to slip into the water Agency says there have been 31 reports of seats tearing Floats were sold nationwide at many chain retailers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The House of Representatives passed legislation Thursday to try to recoup bonuses paid to Wall Street executives with taxpayer money . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House members Wednesday announce tax proposals affecting bonuses . The measure passed , 328-93 ; most Democrats supported the measure , while Republicans were sharply divided . A two-thirds majority among all members voting was required for passage . The measure would tax individuals on any bonuses received in 2009 from companies getting $ 5 billion or more in money from the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP . Bonuses for people with incomes over $ 250,000 would be taxed at a 90 percent rate . "  Today 's vote rightly reflects the outrage that so many feel over the lavish bonuses that AIG provided its employees at the expense of the taxpayers who have kept this failed company afloat , " President Obama said . "  I look forward to receiving a final product that will serve as a strong signal to the executives who run these firms that such compensation will not be tolerated . " The measure now moves to the Senate , which is considering a bill to tax retention bonuses paid to executives of companies that received federal bailout money . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on Thursday failed to get that bill passed by unanimous consent when Republican Whip Jon Kyl objected . Kyl wants "  to understand the root and cause of what happened here before we haphazardly rush and approve what we think is the remedy , " his spokesman Ryan Patmintra said . House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Charlie Rangel , D-New York , told reporters Wednesday , "  We ca n't have any concept of we 're getting even , but we must have a concept that we 're trying to show that Congress ... can not tolerate that . " The vote comes one day after AIG chief executive Edward Liddy testified before Congress that he has asked employees of the bailed-out insurer who took home more than $ 100,000 in bonuses to return at least half . Liddy , saying he knew that the public 's patience is "  wearing thin , " said some employees have decided on their own to return their entire bonuses to the company . More than $ 165 million has been slated for bonuses to AIG 's senior executives ; the federal government rescued the company from financial ruin with more than $ 170 billion in taxpayer assistance . Referring to the AIG executives who received bonuses , Rangel said , "  I do n't think these are the type of people to -LSB- whom you can -RSB- make an appeal to equity and justice . I do n't think they really know the difference . I do n't really think they 've had life experience to allow them to believe the pain that they 've caused for millions of Americans . " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said the bill was necessitated by the poor judgment shown by firms receiving bailout money . "  We must stabilize the financial system in order to strengthen our economy and create jobs , " she said . "  We must also protect the American taxpayer from executives who would use their companies ' second chances as opportunities for private gain . "  Because they could not use sound judgment in the use of taxpayer funds , these AIG executives will pay the Treasury in the form of this tax . " A similar proposal in the Senate would attempt to recoup bonuses by taxing both individuals and companies , but Rangel said House leaders decided against penalizing companies because they could simply ask for more taxpayer money . Earlier Wednesday , President Obama also lashed out at the bonuses given to AIG executives , calling them "  outrageous . " "  People are right to be angry . I am angry . ... People are rightly outraged about these particular bonuses , " he said . "  But just as outrageous is the culture that these bonuses are a symptom of , that -LSB- has -RSB- existed for far too long ; a situation where excess greed , excess compensation , excess risk-taking have all made us vulnerable and left us holding the bag . " CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : House passes measure to recoup bonuses with a vote of 328-93 Bill would tax bonuses of people in firms that received at least $ 5 billion in bailout People with incomes over $ 250,000 who received bonuses would be taxed at 90 % A similar Senate bill aims to recoup bonuses by taxing individuals and companies
CNN  -- It is in our DNA to explore the unknown . But pushing boundaries and exploring space is far from easy . This week , the commercial space industry received a punch in the gut and the world experienced a jarring reminder of just how dangerous space travel can be . On its 55th test flight , Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo suffered "  an anomaly " just two minutes after it separated from its mother ship , WhiteKnightTwo , while 45,000 feet over the Mojave Desert . One pilot was able to parachute out and is being treated for serious injuries , but tragically , the other perished . The catastrophe comes on the heels of an explosion that happened earlier in the week when an unmanned rocket built by Orbital Sciences carrying a spacecraft loaded with more than 5,000 pounds of cargo exploded into a fireball just seconds after launch at NASA 's Wallops flight Facility in Virginia . Aerospace insiders routinely compare the emerging commercial space industry to the genesis of the aviation industry -- high risk , high reward . Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson said in a blog post following Friday 's incident : "  We 've always known that the road to space is extremely difficult - and that every new transportation system has to deal with bad days early in their history . " A new private space race has emerged in recent years , with private companies like Virgin Galactic and XCOR Aerospace competing to become the world 's first commercial space line . Then you have companies like SpaceX , Orbital Sciences , and Boeing that are vying for NASA contracts worth billions . This week 's events put the spotlight on the private sector 's ability to shoulder the responsibility of space travel . What will the long-term impacts of disasters have on the burgeoning commercial space industry ? It should be noted , that in terms of the larger government contracts , this relationship between the public and the private is not really all that new . Since the inception of the space agency , NASA has turned to the private sector to accomplish its space faring goals . Boeing is the lead contractor on the International Space Station . It is not a relationship we will see change anytime soon , even in the face of the Orbital Sciences accident . That is because the U.S. no longer has a home-grown way to get to the International Space Station . NASA is relying on the private sector to get there -- making commercial companies essential to the space agency 's operations thus shielding them from the impact of public perception . The space tourism industry is different . The service it is providing is a luxury experience . The companies are at the mercy of public perception of their capabilities to safely transport paying passengers on these suborbital flights . Yes , Virgin has partnered with NASA to run research missions in zero-gravity , but beyond that , Virgin Galactic relies on selling tickets to space enthusiasts and adrenaline junkies for the bulk of its development cost . And they are n't cheap . It costs $ 250,000 a seat . Passengers want to know they are going to be safe . Friday 's accident will surely instil fear in the more than 700 people who have signed up to make the journey . So what is the value of space tourism ? And why risk human lives to make it a reality ? As George Whitesides told CNN earlier this year : "  At heart , what inspires me the most is the idea that space changes you , that space has this profound impact on the people that can experience it . " What Whitesides is referring to is the overview effect , a phenomenon that space travelers are said to experience when they see the curvature of the Earth -- changing the way people see the world , thereby influencing the way in which they live . Both Whitesides and Branson have spoken openly about the fact that suborbital flights are not the ultimate end goal for Virgin Galactic . Point-to-point intercontinental travel would be the next application of this technology , meaning that one day passengers could travel around the world in about two hours . While such plans have been put on hold since the accident , Virgin Galactic is intent on taking off . In his blog post following the crash , Branson said : "  Space is hard -- but worth it . We will persevere and move forward together . " The question is , will people still be willing to pay $ 250,000 to go to space ? Inside Virgin Galactic 's spaceship Perils of aviation pioneers	The SpaceShipTwo catastrophe comes after an Orbital Sciences rocket blew up Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson : "  We 've always known that the road to space is extremely difficult " Accidents have put spotlight on private sector 's ability to shoulder responsibility of space travel Virgin has spoken openly about its ambitions beyond suborbital flights
CNN  -- Major questions hang over the investigation into a deadly accident involving an Amtrak passenger train and a tractor-trailer truck , and it could take up to a year for investigators to come up with answers , a federal official said Sunday . At least 20 people listed on the manifest for the California Zephyr have not been accounted for by authorities , National Transportation Safety Board member Earl Weener told reporters at a news conference . Officials have been trying to resolve the discrepancy since Friday , when a tractor-trailer truck slammed into the Chicago-to-California Amtrak train at a railroad crossing east of Reno , Nevada , killing six people . Weener told reporters at an earlier news conference that investigators believed the discrepancy in passenger numbers arose because some people had either already gotten off the train or bought a ticket but did not take the train . There are also troubling discoveries about the trucking company involved in the crash , John Davies Trucking of Battle Mountain , Nevada . Records indicate that the company had 19 previous safety violations , Weener said . But he warned that further inquiry was in order , since officials did n't have the "  context " to put the violations in perspective . The NTSB is planning to visit the company this week . Investigators will review records for the company and the driver , Weener said . They will examine the driver 's health and medical history as well as his training and experience , he said . The investigation could take up to a year to complete , Weener said , adding that this is the "  fact-finding " portion of the inquiry . The trucking company , which advertises itself as a family-owned business that hauls concrete , did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . "  An investigation of this sort has many different facets , " Weener said . "  As we 've gotten into the investigation we 've realized there are other skills and specialties that we need , such as fire inspectors ... there are just a lot of loose ends that you have to tie up as fast as you can . " Weener said portions of the truck are still embedded in a rail car , making it difficult for investigators to do an assessment . Authorities do not believe the accident was caused by a problem with the safety measures at the intersection where the accident occurred . It has cantilevers , lights , crossing gates , signs and crossbar markings on the pavement , Weener said . Additionally , the light that warns of an approaching train is set to flash for a period that 's longer than the federal standard . The 10-car train was carrying 204 passengers and 14 crew members when the accident happened , according to an Amtrak statement released Friday . Skid marks show the driver of the truck involved in the crash slammed on his brakes and slid more than 300 feet before hitting the train , Weener said at an earlier news conference . The slide sparked a fire that burned the truck and two train cars , he said . CNN 's Kim Hutcherson contributed to this report	NEW : Investigators to review records of trucking company and driver , NTSB says At least 20 people listed on train manifest are unaccounted for Trucking company involved in accident had multiple violations Six people died in collision between train and tractor-trailer Friday
CNN  You could be forgiven for thinking that Italy 's second city is all about fashion and finance . But go beyond the banks and boutiques and Milan offers a world of subterranean secrets , surreal meals and -- when its party scene gets too much -- silence . Above all , Milan offers an experience of Italy that sometimes feels very un-Italian . Here are a few things to know before you go . 1 . All roads lead away from Rome Rome might be Italy 's eternal city , but it has an intense rivalry with Milan . While Rome is the seat of political power , Milan has the banks , the stock exchange and , of course , Italy 's power houses of style . Romans have been known to say the best thing about Milan is the train back to Rome . But that does n't stop them having the time of their lives partying here . 2 . Restaurants often close early Milan is a northern city -- it does n't move to the Mediterranean beat of other parts of Italy . Restaurants away from the boutiques and clubs can stick to rigid opening hours and may be unwilling to serve you lunch after 1.30 p.m. , or dinner after 8.30 p.m. . The Milanese are known to be extremely punctual , so if you reserve a table , it 's best to get there on the dot . 3 . Less espresso , more long coffee If you 're bored with chain store coffee , Milan will be heaven But do n't expect to the strong , bitter , pungent taste of Italian espresso . Milanese tend to drink their coffee quite long , with added water . This is no doubt to help them linger over the amazing array of pastries and cakes the city has to offer . Panettone , Italy 's traditional Christmas desert loaf , was invented in Milan Sant ` Ambroeus  Corso Matteotti ; +39 2 76 00 05 40  is one of the oldest pastry shops in town . 4 . Happy hour is aperitivo hour Milan rules when it comes to laid back lounges , wild cocktails and gourmet bar snacks . The city is known for its love of the "  spritz " -- a blend of prosecco , soda and a fruity Italian aperitif by the name of Aperol . Basso Bar  Via Plinio 39 ; +39 2 29 40 05 80  is the birthplace of Negroni Sbagliato -- a happy accident created when a busy barman mixed a Negroni cocktail with spumante instead of gin . At the Armani Bamboo Bar  Via Manzoni 31 ; +39 2 88 83 87 03  traditional Italian dishes have been turned into cocktails . The Caprese Mary mixes vodka , tomato juice , basil and mozzarella , while the distinctly fishy Cacciucco Experience features swordfish broth and anchovy cream . At Pavé  Via Felice Casati 27 ; +39 2 94 39 22 59  , the rhubarb cocktails are served alongside fancy finger food . 5 . Eating can get experimental Milan is n't scared of tinkering with the tried and trusted Italian dining experience . Bianca 's  Via Panizza 10 ; +39 2 45 40 90 37  offers a Tarte Tatin of caramelized apples , foie gras dipped in Marsala wine and chocolate crumble . Its Puntarelle salad dressing is made of vinegar and house-made raspberry sauce . At Cinc 's  Via Formentini 5 ; +39 2 36 55 02 57  there 's a rice pie with a topping made of cinnamon melted in warm cream and mixed with Parmesan . The Risotto Acquerello at Don Carlos  Via Manzoni 29 ; +39 2 72 31 46 40  is cooked in Gorgonzola cheese , pears and licorice . 6 . It 's not just about the F-words Yes there 's the fashion and finance . But Milan is also a city with a rich Roman and Spanish heritage -- even if some if it lies buried from view . Deep beneath Milan 's Duomo cathedral lies a maze of underground galleries , some dating to the 4th century . Visitors can join guided tours inside this subterranean world  Viale Romagna 46 ; +39 2 36 56 56 94  . As well as lending its name to a formidable looking orthopedic brace back in the 15th century , Sforza Castle  Piazza Castello 1 ; +39 2 88 46 37 00  stands as a potent symbol of Milanese grandeur . Piazza Vetra , where witches were burned to death , offers a spookier side to the city . And there 's always "  The Last Supper . " The Leonardo Da Vinci masterpiece that , for better or for worse , inspired Dan Brown can be seen at Cenacolo Vinciano  Piazza Santa Maria delle Grazie 2  . 7 . Navigli rules the night Navigli is the city 's most stylish district , the pulsing heart of Milan 's party scene , where the young , hip and effortlessly cool hang out at bars and restaurants lining a network of canals . Among the best places to eat is Eppol  Via di Porta Ticinese 65 ; +39 2 36 79 82 90  , home of the odd-sounding ham and whiskey club sandwich . Once you 're partied out , you can hit the dreamy quiet of Milan 's Quadrilatero del Silenzio . Art historians at Milano Guida offer tours of this "  silent " neighborhood 's mosaics , weird statues , secret gardens swarming with flamingos , and quirky architecture that includes a huge , ear-shaped door bell . Silvia Marchetti is a freelance journalist and writer based in Italy .	Restaurants off the beaten track might be unwilling to serve you dinner after 8.30 p.m. Milanese tend to drink their coffee long , with added water , rather than espressos favored elsewhere in Italy Milan 's chefs are n't afraid of tinkering with the tried and trusted Italian dining experience
CNN  -- For some it 's Paris , for others Rome . For others it gets no more exotic than the local Indian restaurant . But where would you like to spend your honeymoon ? Or where did you spend it ? A recent survey from booking site Agoda.com revealed that 20 % of 15,000 customers from around the world picked the Maldives as their "  dream honeymoon location . " The survey was limited to 20 pre-selected locations , mixing cities , countries and other locales , and interviewees could n't add their own . We want to widen the choice to anywhere in the world and ask : where would you go for a once-in-a-lifetime , post-wedding holiday with your partner ? Click here to go to our Facebook poll , add your destination and vote . Top honeymoon destinations according to Agoda.com Maldives -- 20.3 % Greek Islands -- 7.8 % Paris -- 7.6 % Bali -- 7.1 % Hawaii -- 6.6 % Italy -- 6.5 % Caribbean Islands -- 5.7 % Tahiti -- 5.6 % New Zealand -- 5.2 % Istanbul -- 3.8 % Phuket -- 3.5 % Australia -- 3.4 % Prague -- 2.8 % Las Vegas -- 2.7 % New York -- 2.5 % Spain -- 2.5 % Cancun -- 2.4 % Rio de Janeiro -- 2.2 % Croatia -- 1.0 % Montreal -- 0.9 %	Maldives won a comprehensive victory in Agoda.com survey as top honeymoon destination Of 20 places offered for a honeymoon , Montreal was selected less than 1 % of the time Where would you want to spend a honeymoon ? Vote in our Facebook poll
CNN  -- A military junta that toppled Guinea 's government announced its new leader Wednesday in a nationwide radio address . Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara wrapped in the Guinean flag Wednesday . Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara declared himself president of the National Council for Democracy , which he called a transitional body that will oversee the country 's return to democracy . In effect , that would make Camara president of Guinea , which was thrown into turmoil Monday after the death of President Lansana Conte . Camara also declared a curfew from 8 p.m. to 6:30 a.m. local time . Guinea 's parliament is holding negotiations with the military , Africa News reporter Mamdou Dian Donghol Diallo told CNN . "  For the time being the situation is calm and negotiations are under way , " Diallo said . "  There is no traffic . Everyone is staying inside their homes . " Camara , previously the spokesman for the National Council for Democracy , suspended the government , constitution , political parties and trade unions , Diallo said from Conakry . The newly formed government , made up of 26 military personnel and six civilians , is negotiating a power-sharing deal that would reflect its ethnic make-up , Diallo said . But some in the military may not support the new leadership , he said . International institutions , including the African Union , have condemned the coup . Guinea , in western Africa bordering the Atlantic Ocean , has had two presidents since gaining independence from France in 1958 . Conte came to power in 1984 , when the military seized control of the government after the death of the first president , Sekou Toure . The country did not hold democratic elections until 1993 , when Conte was elected president . He was re-elected in 1998 and 2003 amid allegations of electoral irregularities . Worsening economic conditions and dissatisfaction with corruption and bad governance prompted two massive strikes in 2006 , the CIA World Factbook says . A third nationwide strike in early 2007 sparked violent protests that resulted in two weeks of martial law . To appease the unions and end the unrest , the Factbook says , Conte named a new prime minister in March 2007 . Guinea is one of the poorest countries in the world , despite its mineral wealth , according to the British charity Plan UK . The country hosts large refugee populations from neighboring Liberia and Ivory Coast .	NEW : Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara named de facto president of Guinea Coup leaders impose overnight curfew ; government , constitution suspended President Lansana Conte died Monday after near 25-year rule Coup condemned by African Union
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso claimed Ferrari 's first Formula One victory of the season with a thrilling win in Sunday 's British Grand Prix at Silverstone . The Spaniard took advantage of a poor pit stop by race leader and world champion Sebastian Vettel to go clear for the Italian manufacturer 's first triumph since last year 's Korean Grand Prix in October -- 11 races ago . Vettel held off Red Bull teammate Mark Webber to take second place , although team orders on the last lap meant Australian Webber was deprived of overtaking the German . Vettel takes the quiet road to glory Lewis Hamilton was the best placed Briton in fourth , although the 2008 world champion was involved a wheel-to-wheel battle with the other Ferrari of Felipe Massa for that position , with the McLaren sending his rival wide on the final bend to secure that place . Heavy showers beforehand made for difficult conditions at the beginning of the race and a brilliant start by Vettel saw him overtake the pole position of Webber by the first corner . Vettel held onto that advantage until the 25th lap when problems in fitting the left-rear tire to his car allowed Alonso to snatch the lead in the pit lane , an advantage he held all the way to the finish line . "  I saw the problem in the pit stop with Sebastian and we were in the lead at that moment , but who knows what might have happened after that , " Alonso told reporters . Passing judgement : Hamilton must stay aggressive "  I knew it was a race to be calm , make no mistakes , to not be off the track , and with that I knew the car had enough for victory and it came . " It was 29-year-old Alonso 's 27th career victory , putting him level with Jackie Stewart in fifth place in the all-time Formula One victory standings . And it proved a perfectly-timed win for Ferrari , who were celebrating the 60th anniversary of their maiden success in Formula One , also at Silverstone . Despite his defeat , Vettel -- who has finished first or second in every race so far this season -- has actually increased his advantage in the overall standings to an impressive 80 points , lying on 204 . Webber is up to second place on 124 points , with Alonso now third on 112 . The day 's big loser was 2009 world champion Jenson Button , who lost second place in the standings after failing to finish , after a wheel nut to his front-right tire was not fixed on properly .	Fernando Alonso claims victory for Ferrari in Sunday 's British Grand Prix It is Ferrari 's first success since their win in last October 's Korean Grand Prix Sebastian Vettel finishes second to increase his lead in the overall standings
Washington  CNN  -- While administrations come and go , and power in Congress teeters between political parties , one thing remains constant in the lives of Washington , D.C. 's , elite : the power lunch . Between noon and 2 p.m. , brokers meet to clinch deals , with the emphasis more on power than on lunch . Just steps from Capitol Hill , Charlie Palmer is one of the places to see and be seen at lunchtime . Depending on the week , the modern American steakhouse serves between 70 and 80 congressmen and between 20 and 30 senators . "  I 'd bet we 've had every member of Congress and every senator in the restaurant at some point , " says Matt Hill , executive chef for the famed eatery . It 's not just the proximity to Capitol Hill that draws Washington 's elite to Charlie Palmer . The restaurant has several private dining areas -- including a rooftop with scenic views of the city -- and an executive chef who prides himself on serving homemade , inventive fare . "  We do anything , we 've got senators from Hawaii that come in , and they ask for Hawaiian hors d'oeurves , we 've got , you know , people from Texas that ask for things from Texas , " Hill says . "  So , we can really vary the menu , and it makes it interesting for me to try to come up with new ideas . " Thirty-seven years ago , Tommy Jacomo moved to Washington with his brother and built The Palm with his bare hands . Now , as executive director of the famed power spot , Jacomo is known by Washington 's elite as the keeper of the keys to The Palm . Everyone knows him . "  It 's pretty frightening , yeah , you ca n't even walk down the street sometimes , Jacomo said . "  People say , ` Hey , Tommy ! Put me down for two at 12:30 , ' and I do n't even know who the hell they are . " The Palm has hosted every president from Richard Nixon to Bill Clinton . President Obama has yet to make a visit . But it 's not just presidents who visit The Palm . White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel has frequented the restaurant since the Clinton administration . Cabinet secretaries including Madeleine Albright , administration officials , senators and representatives , Supreme Court justices , the city 's top lobbyists , lawyers , strategists and media elites are all regulars at the Dupont Circle steakhouse . And if you become a regular , you get your picture on the wall . "  People used to think when we first opened up that we had all the -LSB- portraits of -RSB- Republicans on one side and all the -LSB- portraits of -RSB- Democrats on the other side , " Jacomo said . "  It 's not really as much thought behind it . It just goes up , it 's good customers , loyal customers , famous people , infamous people , and I decide where I want to put them when I get the chance , " he joked , pointing out the minimal space left on the wall . Not everyone is willing to put their picture on the wall . James Carville and Mary Matalin , who are political strategists and CNN contributors , chose to have their dogs ' portraits on the wall instead of their own . While steakhouses remain a favorite , not all power restaurants dish out filet mignon . Steps from the White House are three of Washington 's oldest power spots : The Oval Room , which serves up American fare ; Bombay Club , which is Indian ; and Old Ebbitt Grille , which also specializes in American cuisine . Cafe Milano , in Georgetown , and The Monocle and Johnny 's Half Shell , on Capitol Hill , also remain abuzz with some of the most prominent people in Washington . Italian restaurant Posto on 14th Street has become a favorite among younger administration staffers because of its laid-back atmosphere and expansive dining room . Posto 's sister restaurant Tosca , owned by Paolo Sacco , has kept D.C. 's top lobbyists and politicians coming back since it opened in 2001 . Not only known for the power scene and homemade Italian cuisine , Tosca has set itself apart from others by having some of the most attentive waitstaff in the city . Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , known by friends as a big foodie , has dined at Tosca , as have Emanuel and Obama adviser David Axelrod . The Washington Post reported that former Sen. Tom Daschle convinced then-freshman Sen. Obama to run for president at the Italian eatery . The newest member of the Supreme Court , Justice Sonia Sotomayor , is known by friends as a "  very adventurous diner . " She is a fan of Lebanese Taverna , in Woodley Park , which serves up Middle Eastern fare . Serving up inventive sushi dishes like a fish-and-chips roll , or wasabi guacamole with wonton chips , SEI in Penn Quarter has established itself as a newcomer to the power scene , along with its neighbors Rasika and Oyamel -- all reported to have recently hosted first lady Michelle Obama . "  One of the things that 's been sort of fun to watch over the course of this year is the Obamas have eaten out in a wide variety of places , " says Garrett Graff , editor of Washingtonian magazine . "  You 've seen them come and get burgers up here on the Hill , you 've seen them go out for burgers in Virginia , you 've also seen them go out to some of the nicest restaurants in the city , like Citronelle and Blue Duck Tavern , where they went this fall for their anniversary dinner . But then you see Barack eating on his own -- he 's going to a place like Ben 's Chili Bowl or he 's going to a place like Ray 's Hell Burger . " Graff points out one top restaurant at which the Obamas have yet to dine . "  They still have n't been to what is widely considered to be the city 's best restaurant , which is a small Greek place near Dupont Circle called Komi , " Graff said . "  But one of the challenges with a place like Komi is that it 's very small and books up far in advance , so it might be hard for the Obamas to sort of drop in there like they 've been dropping in at a lot of these other restaurants . "	The power lunch is a constant of Washington 's elite Executive chef of Charlie Palmer says every member of Congress has been in Most presidents since Nixon have dined at The Palm The Oval Room , Bombay Club and Old Ebbitt Grille are steps from the White House
CNN  -- Have you always wanted to have your own garden and grow fresh , healthy food but did n't know quite where to start ? Which vegetable varieties to go for , how far from one another to place the seeds and how much water to use ? That 's also how Claire Reid felt back in 2002 , at 16 , when her father asked her to plant a garden during her school holidays . "  I was overwhelmed by the amount of seed I had to buy , the amount of fertilizer , the wastage , " recalls Reid . Reid quickly realized that gardening was not made easy for beginners . She was frustrated that she had to measure manually the correct distance between the seeds , as well as to pay a small fortune to buy what she needed , since everything came in bulk -- not to mention the badly written instructions . So Reid then decided to put her young mind to work . "  I wanted to come up with an idea that if I only wanted to plant a meter of spinach , I only needed to buy a meter of spinach , " recalls Reid . After giving it some thought , Reid used baking flour and liquid feritlizer to stick seeds , in calculated intervals , onto newspaper strips . She then went on to plant the strips in furrows . The experiment worked and Reid was encouraged by a school teacher to present her idea into an expo for young South African scientists -- Reid 's project won the gold medal . "  I was a 16 year old girl that was barely passing science in school and the concept of me becoming a businesswoman was quite absurd , " says Reid . Yet , that high school idea has grown today to become Reel Gardening , an award-winning patented invention aiming to simplify food gardening and make it more effective . Launched in 2010 , Reid 's Johannesburg-based startup produces a paper strip that that comes pre-packaged with seeds and organic fertilizers . These are spaced at the right depth and distance apart so they can be easily planted and maintained . The tapes , which are sold in reels , are packed by hand and cost $ 1 per meter . "  We are passionate about starting a planting revolution , " says Reid , whose packaged seed strips grow vegetables , herbs and flowers . "  So we enable anyone to be able to grow vegetables -- with little space , little education and little water . " Reid says her biodegradable strips use 80 % less water than traditional gardening methods , because they require water only at the exact location of each seed . And that 's one reason why she shares her product with people in urban slums where water is less available . So far , more than 120 community and school gardens have sprouted up with Reid 's help . There are 11 official languages in South Africa so the young entrepreneur uses simple pictures on the products ' packaging to overcome language and literacy obstacles . "  It tells you exactly where to water , all the nutrition is already in there , " says Reid , who sells her planting strips throughout South Africa . "  Birds ca n't eat the seeds out of the soil ; water ca n't move the seed ; and you only need to plant as much as you have space for . " Looking ahead , Reid is determined to see Reel Gardening grow , even outside South Africa . "  We are hoping to be live in the UK , selling on the 1st of May , " she says . READ THIS : Teen turns $ 14 into paper bag empire READ THIS : Flip-flops to rubber masterpieces	Claire Reid is the founder of the Johannesburg-based startup Reel Gardening It produces a biodegradable tape that encases organic seed and fertilizer Reid says the strips use 80 % less water than traditional gardening methods
CNN  -- Bella Homes LLC , a real estate investment company , and its principals are being sued by the federal government and the state of Colorado for allegedly preying on homeowners in foreclosure . Bella Homes LLC , is a limited liability company organized in Delaware . According to the lawsuit , the company operates from the principals ' private residences in Arizona and Georgia , and maintains "  virtual offices " in Atlanta and Scottsdale , Arizona . The complaint , filed in U.S. District Court in Denver by Colorado Attorney General John Suthers and U.S. Attorney John Walsh and announced in a joint press release , alleges Bella Homes scammed more than 450 unsuspecting homeowners across the nation , including five in Colorado . The company took in more than $ 3 million in "  rent " between March 2010 and this February , according to a press release from the Colorado attorney general 's office . The Department of Justice alleges Bella Homes convinced homeowners to transfer their home titles to the company and enter into a type of lease agreement , where the homeowners would then rent or lease their homes back for a fee . During the lease period , Bella Homes claimed if would work to stop foreclosure and would purchase the homeowners ' mortgages , according to the release . In exchange , Bella Homes allegedly promised homeowners they could avoid eviction , foreclosure and ruining their credit . The company also told homeowners they would have an exclusive option to "  repurchase their homes in three years for 90 percent of its fair market value and receive credit for 60 percent of the rent paid to Bella Homes , " according to the release . Homeowners would also "  enjoy a mortgage payment following their repurchase that is 40 percent to 60 percent lower than previous payments . " The complaint alleges Bella Homes did not pay off or assume the existing mortgage , nor did it make make mortgage , tax or insurance payments on the property . Prosecutors contend the promises made by Bella Homes were false and the company actually does very little to actually help homeowners . Calls and e-mails to Bella Homes LLC and its Georgia attorney were not returned over several days . "  Bella Homes gave false hope to desperate homeowners , taking advantage of their desire to do anything to save their homes , " said U.S. Attorney John Walsh . "  Bella Homes 's actions not only hurt those vulnerable homeowners , but the housing market generally . The company will now face the consequences of its misconduct . " U.S. District Judge Marcia Krieger granted a temporary restraining order against Bella Homes on February 15 that prohibited the company from entering into additional deals , and froze Bella Homes ' assets . On Sunday , Bella Homes website , bellahomesllc.net , was no longer available . Only the message "  This Account Has Been Suspended " appeared on the site . Bella Homes does not contest the facts , according to court documents , and it consented to stop making real estate transactions . In addition , the company voluntarily arranged to set aside $ 500,000 for restitution , pending a resolution in the case . Bella Homes also agreed to cooperate with prosecutors to minimize the negative impact on homeowners and provide a list of homeowners in the Bella Homes program , according to court documents . In the release , Suthers said Colorado law prohibits a loan modification company to charge a homeowner an upfront fee . The company can charge for services rendered , but only once the services are completed . He further warned homeowners that any time someone stops making payments on their mortgage , foreclosure could result . Bella Homes and its principals have not filed a response to the allegations in federal court yet , but the parties are expected to be in court March 6 for a scheduling conference .	Prosecutors allege Bella Homes scammed 450 homeowners The homeowners lost more than $ 3 million in two years , the lawsuit says Bella Homes agrees to stop making real estate foreclosure transactions The company operates from private residences in Arizona and Georgia , the suit says
CNN  -- Police in Collierville , Tennessee , are investigating the disappearance of a former professional basketball player and say "  there is a high level of concern " in the search to find him . Lorenzen Wright , 34 , who played 13 seasons in the NBA , has not been seen or heard from since July 18 when he visited his ex-wife and their children in Collierville , near Memphis , investigators said . Collierville police spokesman Mark Heuberger told CNN that Wright 's mother reported him missing on July 22 . "  We 're taking it very , very seriously , " Heuberger said , "  and there is a high level of concern . " "  His mom made the report because she felt it was unusual that he did not contact his children for an extended period of time , that 's what made her prompt to contact the police , " he added . "  This is not like him , " Wright 's sister , Savia Archie , told CNN Tuesday . "  I have n't talked to my brother in nine days . He does n't go without talking to family . "  I 'm trying to keep my faith in the world and that he 's not in trouble and hopefully he will come home . He 's my big brother . Without him , there 's no me . " Heuberger cautioned that there is no indication that Wright was the victim of a crime . "  A red flag has not come up yet , at least  as  of today , that suggests any harm has come to him , " Heuberger said Tuesday "  Our detectives have talked to a lot of people -- former coaches , players , sports agents -- and continue to follow leads given by the public , " Heuberger said , "  and we 're working very close to the family . " Archie , Wright 's sister , described her brother as a loving son , father and uncle . "  My sister had a baby shower last Sunday and he was supposed to come , " she said . "  Something had to have happened . " The 6-foot-11-inch Wright , who lives in Atlanta , was a forward/center for several teams during his professional basketball career . He played with the Los Angeles Clippers , Atlanta Hawks , Memphis Grizzlies and Sacramento Kings . He was with the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2008-2009 , his last year in the NBA . Wright , who has six children , completed his degree at the University of Memphis in 2003 , according to the official NBA website . Police are asking anyone with information on his whereabouts to call 901-853-3207 .	Lorenzen Wright played 13 seasons in the NBA He was last seen July 18 , in Collierville , Tennesse Police say there is no "  red flag " in the case but "  there is a high level of concern "
CNN  -- The goal of "  BioShock Infinite , " creative director Ken Levine said , was to have "  moved the ball down the field " in terms of how video games can be vehicles for telling engrossing , expansive stories . But the latest entry into the wildly popular franchise does more than just move the ball down the field . It kicks it squarely through the goalposts with a mind-blowing story set in an alternate reality that may be only a short trip from our real-world track . "  BioShock Infinite " takes place in a version of 1912 America in the floating city of Columbia , a technological marvel on which a prophet has chosen to lead his people away from the "  Sodom below . " Booker DeWitt , a former military man and Pinkerton agent , is charged with going to the city in the sky and rescuing a young girl , Elizabeth , who has the power to manipulate time and space . Indeed , the game plays with the concept of time from its very beginning . An Edwardian barbershop quartet sings "  God Only Knows " by the Beach Boys . A mechanical horse is advertised as "  Horse of the Future Today . " The city itself feels like a floating World 's Fair , with new inventions , a carnival-like atmosphere and everyone speaking about how much better things will be tomorrow -- all based on the prophet 's guidance . The environments are colorful and vibrant , reflective of the game 's disparate moods of optimism and turmoil . The city feels like it has gravitas while remaining lofty in the clouds . There is even a beach and "  ocean , " so I guess we get to see where rain really comes from . Steampunkish "  voxophones " and "  kinetoscopes " scattered throughout the city help provide aural and visual backstories for current events . They fill in the history blanks and give the player a better understanding of actions that take place . Of course , Elizabeth is key to the Prophet 's plan to bring judgment on the sinners below , so Booker 's time in Columbia is not going to be an easy one . Combat in "  Infinite " is based very much on the principles from other "  BioShock " games , with some slight tweaks . Instead of plasmids  the power source in the first two games  , so-called vigors are the source of Booker 's environmental powers . From throwing fireballs to directing flocks of ravens or firing lightning bolts , the vigors are permanent once acquired and powered by salts found throughout the city . Think of salts as ammunition for your vigor weapons . ` Bioshock ' creator talks history , writing and ` nerdity ' There are more traditional weapons as well . Pistols , shotguns , machine guns -- they 're all here . Both the guns and the vigors are upgradable through purchased additions at vending machines , so keep an eye out for coins wherever you find them . The nice addition for combat is making vigors and weapons dual-wieldable . You can mow down an opponent with bullets or rockets while tossing them in the air with a Bucking Bronco vigor . In previous games , this was an either/or venture , so it is nice to be able to mix and match your attacks to whatever you choose . However , the heart of the game is Elizabeth . She is your constant companion throughout the game , offering help in combat or pointing out items you might miss as you travel throughout Columbia . Her ability to create windows into other worlds can help bring in supplies or allies during battle as well . She is also a master thief who can pick locks quickly . Elizabeth is never in danger during combat and never takes damage . In that way , she is not one big escort mission but a true companion during your adventures . Getting Elizabeth just right was a massive undertaking for Irrational Games and Levine , who said the game 's release date was pushed back a year solely to perfect her . Their success lies in the empathy the player develops toward her as the game progresses . You feel and see her frustrations , her joys and her pain . Her tiny movements , such as bending over to closely examine a new item for the first time  even one that has no bearing on the game  , give her a human feeling without treading into Uncanny Valley  where animation comes so close to actual human behavior that it causes discomfort  . Without going into spoiler territory , there were two separate instances where I really thought the development teams nailed it . The first was during a tense situation early in the game where Elizabeth is trying to understand what 's going on and why people were fighting over her . Booker tries to explain that different sides want different things from her . Her response : "  Well , I want a puppy , but that does n't mean I 'm going to get one . " It felt like the way a teenager would react to a stressful situation . The second came during a scene in which Booker is talking with people who suddenly disappear . As a gamer , I shrugged it off and accepted it . However , when I turned around , I caught sight of Elizabeth , who was standing there with the best "  WTH ? " look I 've ever seen in a video game . Little moments like that combine to reveal a character who is n't just a companion but who helps move the story along in a meaningful way . At first , you want to help yourself . Later , you want to help Elizabeth . By the end , you want both . The experiences will linger . And your emotions will be real . In this way , Levine and his team have succeeded in creating not only an excitingly wonderful game but one that will make the player think for days after the game is done . "  BioShock Infinite " earns its title by the end of the game . The possibilities , like time and space , are endless . The overarching narrative portrays struggles on so many different levels , but it is your story of struggle that is ultimately important and the one you guide to its conclusion . "  BioShock Infinite " is available worldwide on Tuesday for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Windows PC . It is rated M for mature due to blood and gore , intense violence , language , mild sexual themes and use of alcohol and tobacco . This review was completed using a provided retail copy for the Xbox 360 .	"  BioShock Infinite " is a mind-blowing story Popular series ' latest installment is in an alternate 1912 America Fully realized Elizabeth , a companion character , is the soul of the game "  BioShock Infinite " was released worldwide on Tuesday
CNN  -- A California transit authority has agreed to pay damages to five men who were detained with Oscar Grant , the victim of a high-profile fatal police shooting in 2009 . The Bay Area Rapid Transport  BART  settled a federal civil rights lawsuit out of court for a sum of $ 175,000 , spokeswoman Alicia Trost told CNN . "  This settlement closes the case for a considerably smaller amount compared to what would have been a long and costly trial if allowed to move forward , " she said . Grant 's killing sparked public furor , when cell phone video went viral showing former transit police officer Johannes Mehserle shooting him in the back , while another officer knelt over him . Grant was unarmed . His death became the subject of the award winning movie "  Fruitvale Station , " named after the BART station , where he was shot . Mehserle testified at his 2010 trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun . He was sentenced to two years in prison after his involuntary manslaughter conviction but was released after serving 11 months . Activists felt the former law officer deserved the tougher conviction of second degree murder , and violent protests erupted after Mehserle 's sentence was handed down . At least 150 people were arrested by the police , after crowds threw rocks and bottles and tore down fences . BART has implemented dozens of recommendations made by the Nation Organization of Black Law Enforcement  NOBLE  since Grant 's killing , Trost said .	A former transit police officer shot Oscar Grant in the back in 2009 Five men detained along with him filed a federal civil rights suit BART has settled out of court for a sum much lower than the cost of a court battle Cell phone video of Grant 's shooting went viral , sparking public outrage
CNN  -- The biological father of a Native American child was arrested Monday after defying a court order to return the girl to her adoptive parents , the latest development in a four-year case that has spanned state lines and tested an unusual federal law . Matt and Melanie Capobianco , a white couple from South Carolina , legally adopted Veronica at birth in September 2009 . When Veronica 's father , Cherokee Nation member Dusten Brown , learned of her adoption a few months later , he asserted his custody rights under the Indian Child Welfare Act , setting off a lengthy legal fight . A family court judge ruled in Brown 's favor in late 2011 , and he took his daughter back . The Capobiancos have fought ever since to have Veronica returned . Timeline of ` Baby Veronica ' adoption case The case has bounced from family court to the U.S. Supreme Court and back again . After South Carolina 's Supreme Court ruled last month to allow the Capobiancos ' adoption to be finalized , the U.S. Supreme Court refused to intervene , thus giving the ultimate go-ahead for the Charleston couple to regain custody of Veronica . The girl 's transition back to the Capobiancos was supposed to begin last week . Brown , however , never showed up with his daughter . A family court judge in South Carolina ordered the girl to be handed over immediately , saying she was being "  unlawfully withheld from her lawful parents . " The Charleston County Sheriff 's Office issued a warrant for Brown on Friday for interfering with custody . Brown was arrested Monday in his home state of Oklahoma after turning himself in . He posted a $ 10,000 bond , according to the Charleston County Sheriff 's Office and Amanda Clinton , spokeswoman for the Cherokee Nation District Court . Justices refuse again to intervene in adoption dispute It was n't clear Monday evening , however , where Brown or his daughter were . Melanie Capobianco told reporters that Veronica is being "  illegally held against the wishes of her parents and the courts , " and she pleaded for her daughter 's return . "  With every passing hour , we fear more and more for her safety and well-being , " she said . "  If anything should happen to our daughter while she 's being left in the hands of those who hold her captive from us , the responsibility will be shared by many . " She added , "  We pray that those who are holding Veronica will do the right thing and send Veronica home to us , please . " Charleston County authorities said they are in touch with Oklahoma officials about extraditing Brown "  as well as pursuing all available options in locating Baby Veronica . " Brown told CNN 's Randi Kaye over the weekend that he is willing to go to jail for his daughter . "  I 'm going to fight till I have no fight left in me and till they say you ca n't fight no more , " Brown said . "  This is my daughter . It 's not a yo-yo that I can just say , hey , I borrowed it for two years and here 's it back . " Brown claims the Indian Child Welfare Act allows him to have parental custody of Veronica over the Capobiancos . The Supreme Court , however , ruled that Brown could not rely on the act for relief because he did not have legal or physical custody of Veronica at the time of the adoption proceedings , which the birth mother initiated without his knowledge . Brown , who was not married to Veronica 's non-Indian mother when she was conceived , signed a legal document agreeing to put the girl up for adoption and relinquishing his parental rights in exchange for not paying child support . His attorneys say Brown did not understand the extent of the waiver and that the mother never indicated she intended unilaterally to give Veronica up for adoption . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci , Christine Theodoru , Mayra Cuevas , Joe Sutton , Randi Kaye and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Dusten Brown says the adoption of his daughter should not have been allowed A South Carolina couple had the girl for two years before he took her back The case reached the U.S. Supreme Court , which OK 'd the adoption Brown never showed up to return his daughter to the couple
LONDON , England  CNN  -- He 's been a homicidal singing barber in "  Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street " and a drunken swashbuckler in "  Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End . " Depp is back as bank robber John Dillinger , revered in the Depression as a modern-day Robin Hood . Now , Hollywood shape-shifter Johnny Depp is back as another unexpectedly charismatic outlaw : Depression-era bank robber John Dillinger , a character he says he 's been drawn to since he was a boy . "  I sort of had a fascination with John Dillinger when I was about 10 , 11 years old , for some reason , " Depp told CNN . "  I always kind of admired him , oddly . " Oddly , perhaps , because for a short but intense period between September 1933 and July 1934 Dillinger and his gang rampaged through the American Midwest , staging jail breaks , robbing banks , and killing 10 men and wounding seven along the way . Dillinger 's violent spree is the focus of gangster drama "  Public Enemies , " the latest offering from director Michael Mann , and also starring Christian Bale and Marion Cotillard . Mann is known for his sympathetic portrayal of criminals , and Dillinger -- whose acts on the wrong side of the law led him to become one of America 's first celebrities -- is the quintessential good hood . In the 1930s , the United States was in the grips of the worst financial disaster in history -- a time when many Americans watched their life savings disappear and became jobless and hungry . Members of the public blamed banks for losing their money and politicians for failing to stop them . For many , Dillinger 's exploits represented sticking it to the fat cats , and he was idolized as a modern-day Robin Hood . J. Edgar Hoover , FBI director at the time , may have made Dillinger America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 , but the bandit was careful not to alienate the public . There is a memorable moment where he drapes a coat over a female bank hostage during a raid to keep her warm . Also , it 's said he never swore in front of women . He was always courteous even as he tried to meet his target of robbing banks in under two minutes . Crucially , he never robbed the average guy , telling him to put his money away during robberies . It is this Dillinger that Depp captures : a captivating revolutionary with the gift of gab who lit the public 's imagination , causing people to flock to cinemas to watch his exploits in weekly newsreels . Review : Depp is great in ` Public Enemies ' Of course , the dark , violent side of Dillinger 's psyche is unavoidable . Depp plumbed the depths of his own character to come up with those murkier elements . That was something that took courage , according to Mann : "  He had Dillinger in him ; that 's something I sensed . Deep in the core of Johnny there 's a toughness . " Depp gained recognition throughout the 1990s for immersing himself in characters . He shook off an early reputation as a teen pin-up in movies like Tim Burton 's 1991 Gothic tale "  Edward Scissorhands . " He went on to cement his reputation for unusual film choices and quirky performances in films like "  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory "  2005  and "  Finding Neverland "  2004  . In pictures : Johnny Depp 's iconic roles " The 46-year-old actor says he felt a close affinity to Dillinger : "  I related to John Dillinger like he was a relative . I felt he was of the same blood . He reminded me of my stepdad and very much of my grandfather . "  He seemed to be one of those guys with absolutely no bull whatsoever , who lived at a time when a man was a man . " "  Public Enemies " was adapted by Mann from a nonfiction book of the same name by Bryan Burrough . Is it sozzled Captain . Jack Sparrow or smooth Donnie Brasco ? Tell us your favorite Johnny Depp character in the SoundOff box below . The "  Last of the Mohicans " director is known for fastidious research and attention to detail , which in this case included collaborating closely with the FBI to check facts -- although Mann subsequently chose to gloss over some elements for the sake of the story . Mann filmed in many of the locations where Dillinger 's story took place almost 80 years ago , including the Biograph Theater on Lincoln Avenue in Chicago , where the bandit was finally shot dead by FBI agents as he came out of a Clark Gable movie . They also shot at Little Bohemia Lodge in Manitowish Waters in the far north of Wisconsin , the site of one of Dillinger 's most famous showdowns with the FBI . Dillinger was hiding out there after a botched robbery . When the feds finally caught up with him , two men were killed in the vicious gunfight . "  We were able to shoot not just in the actual place where this happened , but in his actual room , " says Mann . "  There 's a certain kind of magic for Johnny Depp to be lying in the bed that John Dillinger was actually in . " A lot of Dillinger 's success was down to superior guns and getaway cars . Depp , who has experience shooting guns from previous productions , had to learn a completely different technique for the heavy guns of the time . Depp says shooting the Thompson submachine gun was one of the highlights of the production : "  When you 've got a beast like that strapped to you and you 're emptying magazines , a 50-round drum , it 's a good feeling . " The ride may have been thrilling for Depp but he also recognizes that the Depression-era setting has some extra significance these tight-belted times . "  You know , " says Depp , "  We 're in the middle of a recession , teetering on a depression . It 's time to view the banks and grown-ups for what they are . "	Johnny Depp plays charismatic bank robber John Dillinger in "  Public Enemies " Depression-era tale of first Public Enemy No. 1 , idolized as modern-day Robin Hood Dillinger 's gang killed 10 men , wounded seven during a spree of less than one year Depp on Dillinger : "  I always kind of admired him , oddly "
CNN  -- Poor , poor celebrities . It 's probably overwhelming to be famous and on Facebook . The volume of posts , comments , likes and mentions on any given day is vastly higher for well-known people than it is for mere mortals . Getting a grasp on the quick-moving chatter and knowing when to speak up takes effort . Facebook is working on a new mobile tool that would make it easier for the VIPs to slog through the noise and better communicate with their fans , according to a report from AllThingsD . A Facebook spokesperson confirmed in an e-mailed statement that the company is working on "  mobile features designed to help public figures interact with their fans " and said it was only testing them with a select group of people for now . It 's not clear how the feature makes it easier for the super-popular to sift through mentions from followers , or what was so difficult about doing it from the current mobile apps . It 's likely the feature will be useful to social media professionals more than actual celebrities . The more important the person , the smaller the chance that they are checking their own Facebook page to see what their friends are up to and post selfies . It 's common for a social media manager to use the social network on an actor or musician 's behalf to post information about public appearances , carefully chosen snapshots and other updates . The helpers are n't just there to save famous people time . Celebrities are lucrative brands that often depend on a carefully crafted and controlled public image . Facebook wants to be a place where they can manage that image . Twitter has dominated as a platform where the famous can broadcast their latest news and have some casual back and forth with fans . Some high profile people do use the site to communicate all on their own , as evidenced by the many entertaining late night ramblings and Twitter fights . Facebook has tried other Twitter-inspired features over the past year , including rolling out hashtags and offering verified pages to separate the impostors from the real public figures . The company is not shy about taking features that have been successful on other platforms and adding them to its own . If Facebook can take over as a place where the famous go first to make an important announcement , or even a denial , it could ratchet up the company 's reputation as a go-to news source . The association would also lend some additional "  cool " to the site , which is edging into its older age  for a social network  and concerned about staying youthful and relevant . But some folks online were complaining about the perceived elitist nature of special treatment for big shots . "  Dear Facebook : Put away the red carpet for celebs , we 're happy with just friends , " wrote Twitter user Tom Flowers .	Facebook is testing out a mobile feature for VIPs only according to AllThingsD The tool would make it easier for the famous to talk to fans through the social network Twitter is already very popular with celebrities and their handlers
CNN  -- Last June , Glen Campbell stunned fans when he revealed in a press release that he was suffering from Alzheimer 's disease . It was not an easy decision to go public with his private struggle , but his family felt it was a decision that needed to be made . "  The main thing we were concerned about was during shows he would forget a line or get a little confused , " says Campbell 's daughter , Ashley . "  People would think , ` Is he drunk ? ' Is he doing drugs again ? ' So we did n't want people to get the wrong impression . " But an interesting thing happened after the Alzheimer 's announcement . Instead of fading off into the sunset like a forgotten icon , the 75-year-old entertainer has been catapulted back into the spotlight -- and the music industry ca n't seem to shower him with enough accolades . In November , he was the subject of a star-studded tribute at the CMA Awards show , and on Sunday night , he 'll pick up a Lifetime Achievement trophy at the 54th annual Grammy Awards . Behind the scenes , it 's been somewhat of a standoff between the CMAs and the Grammys , with each telecast vying for bragging rights to have Campbell perform . But there 's nothing like the pull of the Grammys -- especially when you 're a five-time Grammy winner . At the CMAs , Campbell beamed from the audience while Keith Urban , Brad Paisley and Vince Gill serenaded him with his biggest hits , but the Grammys will be a different story . Campbell himself will take center stage for "  Rhinestone Cowboy , " flanked by Blake Shelton , The Band Perry and his own band -- which features three of his grown children . It 'll be his first live television performance since the Alzheimer 's diagnosis , and thus , it will also be a bit of a cliffhanger . Last fall , Campbell released his final album , "  Ghost on the Canvas , " then hit the road on what he 's calling his farewell tour . Most of the time , he sails through his set like the charismatic veteran he is . Three teleprompters at the foot of the stage enable him to read his lyrics , and when he flubs a line here or there , he usually laughs it off . But there are rare moments when he 'll become a little disoriented , and that 's when it helps that he 's surrounded by family on stage . Son Cal keeps things steady on drums , while his brother , Shannon , plays guitar nearby . Their younger sister , Ashley , stands protectively to Campbell 's left , on keyboards , banjo and violin . "  He looks at me sometimes if he is confused , and I just smile at him . I just try to make him feel like he is surrounded by people that love him on stage , " says Ashley . While most people with Alzheimer 's drift in and out of lucidity without fanfare , you know exactly when Campbell has hit a rough patch . He 'll be playing a song on guitar that he 's played a gazillion times , like "  Wichita Lineman , " then all of a sudden hit a bad chord or forget the lyrics . It 's like a light switch . In concert , fans are happy to fill in the gaps when he has a senior moment , singing his lyrics back at him until he finds his way again . Campbell 's wife , Kim , watches serenely from the soundboard , knowing full-well that these incidents will occur from time to time . But the whole family has made peace with it , including Campbell . He tells CNN , "  I am content with it . Do n't cry over spilt milk . Get up and be a man and do what you have got to do . " CNN recently sat down with Glen and Kim at their home in Malibu , in a room overlooking the California coast . Several guitars were on display within arm 's reach . Others laid in cases in the entryway , ready to head out on the road . In another room , platinum and gold records lined the walls , documenting the success of "  Wichita Lineman , " "  By the Time I Get to Phoenix " and "  Rhinestone Cowboy . " Clearly , music has been good to Glen Campbell , and Glen Campbell has been good for music . Now , music is helping him cope with life . CNN : How does it feel to be receiving a Lifetime Achievement Award at the Grammys ? Glen Campbell : I am flattered . I really am . All I wanted to do every since I could remember was play my guitar and sing . CNN : You came out to Los Angeles in 1958 to be a guitarist . Did you ever see yourself becoming a big star ? Campbell : I never really thought of it ! I 'm a musician first . So when I got the job playing guitar with the session players , I said , "  Yay , I can play . " I was a little scared . I was a little nervous , but when I got in with The Wrecking Crew , I realized that I could cut it out here , and could do it . I played with the Beach Boys , Frank Sinatra , Elvis , the Righteous Brothers , the Monkees . CNN : You 're known as a great guitar player , but did you ever take a formal lesson ? Campbell : No . I can read a chord chart , but I could n't read a note chart . CNN : Are you nervous about taking the stage these days ? Campbell : I realize you are going to make mistakes through life . Just do n't make any bad ones , you know . Like all of my records are perfect records , but I did make mistakes on them . I would rather do live than any kind of lip-synching or something like that . I do n't like to lip-synch . CNN : What has been the reaction from fans ? Kim Campbell : Boy , were we pleasantly surprised . They have been more than understanding . They have really just been rooting him on . It is really encouraging . Glen : I do n't see myself any different , though . I 'm forgetful . Kim : I actually think he is better than he was a year ago . I think that being out and performing all the time has something to do with it . Music seems to be really good therapy for him . I do n't know if it is the vibrations . Maybe they stimulate the brain . Of course he is on some medications today that I think have been helping , too . So we are blessed to be living in a time when there are some treatments . There is no cure , but there are things that can help , and they are helping . Glen : What did they diagnose me as ? Kim : Alzheimer 's . Glen : Alzheimer 's . What is Alzheimer 's ? Kim : You start losing your memory and your ability to reason . Glen : I just take it as it comes , you know . I know that I have a problem with that , but it does n't bother me . If you 're going to have it handed to you , you have got to take it , anyway . So that is the way I look at it . CNN : You went down to Nashville for the CMA Awards in November . Seemed like you knew a lot of people there . Glen : What is his name -- the one who married that long-legged girl ? Kim : Keith Urban . Glen : Yeah , Keith Urban . He is probably the best guitar player in Nashville . Kim : And Brad Paisley . They are two of his favorites . Glen : Just incredible players . CNN : The two of you have been married nearly 30 years . Did you really meet on a blind date ? Kim : I was dancing with the Rockettes at Radio City Music Hall . Glen : They had a bunch lined up and I thought , "  I 'll take that one there . " No , I 'm kidding . CNN : Was it love at first sight ? Kim , at that time , he was kind of a hell-raiser . Kim : I really did n't know anything about that , because I was a dancer , and I just had my head into Broadway and I did n't read the tabloids . But I knew he was a singer . And then I went to one of his concerts -- "  Oh my goodness , I remember that song . I remember that song . " He had a lot of hits . So then I got a little more intimidated , but I really just did n't know much about him . CNN : Glen , did Kim change your life ? Glen : Yes , she did change my life in many ways . Before I met her , I did n't know where I was at , or where I was going . And after I met her , I knew where I was going , and I knew where to wanted to go . Do everything according to God , and be nice , and treat other people the way you would like to be treated . We both go on that bit of advice there . CNN : You 've had your ups and downs . Glen : I was forgiven for being a dummy , literally . I have been through so many changes . The first part of my career , everything was not in place . CNN : Do you pray every morning ? Glen : Sometimes I do , sometimes I do n't . CNN : What do you ask for ? Glen : Mainly thanks . Thank you , Lord , for letting me get up this morning . Let me have a good day . And if you do n't , I will come up there and get you ! And he laughs at that .	Glen Campbell and his wife Kim talked to CNN about his diagnosis The country singer says he is content with his life Campbell will be honored Sunday night on the Grammys
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- They may be a far cry from their Western counterparts fighting for the acceptance to breast-feed -- or go topless -- in public , but two girls clobbered a cleric recently in a small town in Iran when he admonished one of them to cover herself more completely . The cleric said he asked "  politely , " but the girl 's angry reaction and some pugilistic double-teaming with her friend landed the holy man in the hospital , according to an account Monday in the semiofficial Mehr News Agency . Hojatoleslam Ali Beheshti said he encountered the girls on his way to the mosque in the village of Shahmirzad for noon prayers in late August . Women 's bodies : The public perception of private parts He told one of the girls to cover up , the report said . "  She responded by telling me to cover my eyes , which was very insulting to me , " Beheshti said . So he asked her a second time to cover up and also to put a lid on what he felt was verbal abuse . She hit the man of the cloth , and he hit the ground . "  I do n't remember what happened after that , " he said . "  I just felt her kicks and heard her insults . " Beheshti , who emerged from the infirmary three days later , said he did not file a complaint against the girls . But he does n't mind the local prosecutor 's investigation into the matter either "  as long as the case helps the cause of Islamic hijab . " The girls may have put the "  jab " into "  hijab , " but fighting with morality police or private individuals telling women to cover up is rare in small towns . It 's more common in larger cities , where women are more likely to take a stand . Opinion : My hijab is my hoodie CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr reported from Tehran , and CNN 's Ben Brumfield reported from Atlanta .	Two girls beat up a cleric on his way to noon prayers , news agency says He asked one of them to cover herself to comply with Islamic hijab The girl told him to cover his eyes , he said The cleric was hospitalized for three days
Facial surgery that targets and removes small portions of migraine-triggering muscle or nerve tissue may offer permanent relief for some people with the debilitating headaches , a new study suggests . More than 30 million Americans experience migraine headaches . "  Other migraine treatments either temporarily prevent the symptoms or they may reduce the symptoms after the migraine headaches start , " says Bahman Guyuron , M.D. , a professor and the chair of the department of plastic surgery at the University Hospitals of Cleveland and Case Western Reserve University . "  What we are offering is essentially a cure . " In a study published in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery , Guyuron and colleagues looked for people who had migraines that started in a specific region on the front , side , or back of the head . The researchers injected Botox into these trigger points to temporarily paralyze the muscle ; if the injections helped relieve the migraines , the patients were randomly divided into two surgical groups . After the Botox wore off , one group had a face-lifting surgery combined with the removal of muscle tissue or nerves in the area that triggered the migraines . Fat or muscle was used to fill in the area after tissue was removed . Health.com : Quiz -- Surprising migraine causes and cures The second group had a sham procedure , in which incisions were made but all muscles and nerves remained intact . A total of 75 patients were involved in the study . In the year after the procedure , 57 percent of those who had the actual surgery reported the complete elimination of migraine headaches , compared with just 4 percent in the sham surgery group . In addition , 84 percent of those who had the surgery reported at least a 50 percent reduction in migraine pain compared with just 58 percent in the sham group . Health.com : Secrets to a stress-free home As for side effects , one surgery patient had persistent numbness of the forehead , and 10 of 19 patients who had the procedure on the side of the head had a slight but persistent hollowing in their temple region . More than 30 million Americans experience migraine headaches . However , Robert Kunkel , M.D. , a consultant at the department of neurology at the Cleveland Clinic , says this surgery probably wo n't become a common procedure , despite the results . Health.com : Knowing your mother 's health history can lower your risks "  This may be a technique that will help a small number of migraine patients who have responded to Botox , but it 's certainly not a procedure for generally treating migraines , " says Kunkel , who was not involved in the new study . He points out that people who had the sham surgery probably suspected that they were in the placebo group , since the face-lift would most likely have reduced wrinkling . If a treatment is n't completely blinded , it can skew a study 's results ; if patients suspect they 've had a sham treatment , they may be less likely to say their migraines are cured . However , nearly 60 percent of the people who had the sham procedure reported some migraine relief too . Guyuron believes this could be related to a placebo effect , or the incisions could have disturbed some of the nerve branches and actually relieved migraines in some way . Health.com : 20 little ways to drop the pounds and keep them off Overall , there was a 92 percent success rate , notes Guyuron . "  This study offers powerful evidence to the plastic surgeon , the neurologist , and the insurance companies that this operation is effective , " he says . "  Not only are they headache free , depending on the trigger site , but they also may look younger . " The Migraine Foundation , the Plastic Surgery Education Fund , and the Prentiss Foundation funded this study . Some of the study coauthors have consulted for Allergan or have been paid speakers for pharmaceutical companies . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Migraine patients who responded to Botox on a trigger point were enrolled in study Patients were given real surgery to deactivate trigger point or sham surgery 57 percent of patients who had actual surgery said migraines were eliminated Some patients who got sham surgery reported improvements as well
CNN Student News  -- Each month in 2008 , CNN Student News will be "  Talking Democracy " by introducing an election-year topic on the show and online . From caucuses to conventions and primaries to polls , CNN Student News will be breaking down these election-year concepts for students and teachers . Classes are invited to show what they know about the political process by submitting iReports to CNN Student News . Classes are encouraged to use original video , music , animation and other production elements to demonstrate their knowledge of each political concept . There 's a list of political concepts and the months they will air below . The best iReports may appear on CNN Student News . This Web page is your one-stop destination for Talking Democracy educational materials and iReport information . As the year unfolds , additional materials will be added to this site that address the different topics your students will learn about in the Talking Democracy series . Be sure to revisit often ! Talking Democracy Topics January : Caucuses and Primaries February : The Right to Vote March : Political Parties April : Campaign Finance May : Polling June and July : The Issues August : Conventions September : Debates October : What 's at Stake ? November : Electoral College Learning Activities • Caucuses and Primaries • The Right to Vote • Political Parties • Campaign Finance • Polling • Political Issues • Conventions • Debates Viewing Guide • Electoral College Reform • Predict Electoral College Votes One-Sheets • Caucuses and Primaries • The Right to Vote • Political Parties • Campaign Finance • Political Polls • Political Issues • Conventions • Debates • Electoral College Talking Democracy Questions Use these questions to test your knowledge of the presidential election process , then check the answers to see how you did . Videos • Delegates 101 Delegate-hunting can be a mathematical challenge , but CNN 's Jill Dougherty says it adds up to American-style democracy . • Right to Vote CNN Student News explores the right to vote , and an iReporting classroom chimes in with reasons to exercise it . • Political Parties 101 Discover some of the differences between the Democratic and Republican parties . • Campaign Finance 101 Check out some of the rules concerning cash for presidential campaigns . • Polling 101 Discover why a random sampling is an important aspect of an opinion poll . • Conventions 101 CNN Student News takes you behind the scenes of the national political conventions . • Debates 101 The candidates face off as CNN Student News provides the background and backdrop for presidential debates . • Electoral College 101 CNN Student News ' Carl Azuz gives us the 411 on the Electoral College Interactives Why delegates matter in the presidential race Click through this interactive for an explanation of the different types of delegates and how they are chosen in the nomination process for the Democratic and Republican parties . Electoral Map Calculator Use this Electoral College map to examine how the presidential candidates may fare in November 's election , based on analysis from the CNN Political Unit . Then call the race yourself ! Click on a state , choose a winner , and watch the electoral votes add up . Cable in the Classroom 's eLECTIONS campaign simulation Make all the decisions for a virtual run for the U.S. presidency , allocating budget , selecting key issues , choosing where to campaign , and responding to the opponent 's moves and other external events . Debate Quiz How much do you know about debate history ? These questions will test your knowledge and include video of some memorable moments in presidential debate history . Related Resources • CNN Election Center 2008 • FEC : 2008 Presidential Caucus and Primary Dates • Project Vote-Smart . org : How Does the Primary Process Work ? • CNN Campaign Trail Jargonbuster iReports Students can demonstrate their understanding of election-related topics by sending in their own Talking Democracy iReports . Click here for information on how to send in iReports .	"  Talking Democracy " breaks down election-year concepts for students and teachers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A lawsuit alleging that civilian American interrogators subjected Iraqis to torture and severe mistreatment at the notorious Abu Ghraib prison in Baghdad can move forward , a federal judge ruled Thursday . Detainees leave Baghdad Central Prison -- also known as Abu Ghraib -- in 2006 . U.S. District Court Judge Gerald Bruce Lee rejected claims by defense contractor CACI that the company was immune from accountability over claims of physical abuse , war crimes and civil conspiracy . Reports of torture and humiliation by soldiers and civilian contractors against Iraqi detainees created a political , diplomatic and public relations nightmare for the Bush administration in the months and years after the 2003 Iraq invasion . Four Iraqi detainees have sued in U.S. federal courts , alleging contract interrogators assigned to the Baghdad Central Prison -- known as Abu Ghraib -- subjected them to beatings and mental abuse , then destroyed documents and video evidence and later misled officials about what was happening inside the facility . Eleven U.S. soldiers who also worked at the prison were court-martialed under the Uniform Code of Military Justice for prisoner abuse , and several implicated company workers in similar crimes . No contractors have yet faced criminal charges in the wake of the scandal , however . Arlington , Virginia-based CACI said it was merely providing contracting services the government required , and that sensitive political and policy questions could not be brought up in any civilian trial . The judge disagreed . "  While it is true that the events at Abu Ghraib pose an embarrassment to this country , it is the misconduct alleged and not the litigation surrounding that misconduct that creates the embarrassment , " Lee wrote . "  This court finds that the only potential for embarrassment would be if the court declined to hear these claims on political questions grounds . Consequently , the court holds that plaintiffs ' claims pose no political question and are therefore justiciable . " The four Abu Ghraib detainees , led by Suhail Najim Abdullah Al Shimari , were released between 2004 and 2008 , and were never charged with a crime , said their attorneys . They were represented in their civil suit by the Center for Constitutional Rights and other individual lawyers . Other Iraqi civilian lawsuits are pending . "  Private military contractors like CACI can not act with impunity , " said the center 's Katherine Gallagher . "  They must act within the bounds of law and must be held accountable for their participation in the atrocities at Abu Ghraib and the other facilities in Iraq . We believe their actions and the acts of torture of their employees clearly violated the Geneva Conventions , the Army Field Manual and the laws of the United States . " The case is Al Shimari v. CACI Premier Technology Inc. , 1:08 cv827 . There is no word on when the case might go to trial ; it could also be settled out of court .	Judge rejects immunity claims from defense contractor CACI In lawsuit , four Iraqi detainees accuse interrogators of physical , mental abuse Interrogators also accused of destroying evidence , misleading officials Contractors not facing criminal charges stemming from scandal
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- A judge put former New York Yankees catcher Jim Leyritz on probation for a year for a wreck that killed a south Florida woman in 2007 , but spared the onetime World Series hero jail time . Leyrtiz had faced up to six months in jail after his November conviction for driving under the influence , but he was spared the prospect of up to 15 years in prison when jurors acquitted him of DUI manslaughter . "  I am telling you now that if you violate probation , I will give you the maximum jail sentence , " Broward County Circuit Judge Marc Gold told Leyritz on Thursday . Leyritz was convicted of driving drunk in the December 2007 accident that killed 30-year-old Freida Veitch . The wreck occurred after he had spent his 44th birthday with friends in Fort Lauderdale bars , and tests after the accident indicated he had a blood-alcohol level of 0.14 percent -- well above Florida 's legal limit of 0.08 . "  That night -- my birthday -- and every year , I will remember that night , your honor , " a tearful Leyritz told the judge . Leyritz played most of his 11-season major-league career with the Yankees , hitting a clutch home run against the Atlanta Braves in Game 4 of the 1996 World Series that helped propel New York to the championship . He also played with the San Diego Padres in the 1998 World Series against the Yankees . Prosecutors had argued for four months jail time in addition to a year of probation , but defense attorney David Bogenschutz argued that the offense was the first for Leyritz . Gold also imposed a $ 500 fine , the state 's maximum , and revoked Leyritz 's drivers license for six months . The victim 's husband , Jordan Veitch , said Leyritch 's conduct "  shows a lack of respect or the lives of others . " Freida Veitch also was drunk -- with a 0.18 blood alcohol level -- and was not wearing her seat belt , according to court documents . Jordan Veitch acknowledged that his wife could have faced charges had she survived , but , "  She did not have an opportunity to be judged . " "  Mr. Leyritz will be able to kiss and hug his children again . He will be able to go on being a parent , " Jordan Veitch said . "  Frieda will never have that chance to do any of these things again . "	NEW : The victim 's husband says Leyritz showed "  a lack of respect or the lives of others " The former Yankees catcher could have been sentenced to six months in jail Leyritz was acquitted of a more serious manslaughter count in November
CNN  -- Phil Ivey , one of the world 's best poker players , is boycotting this week 's World Series of Poker in Las Vegas and is suing his sponsor . Full Tilt Poker has damaged his reputation by not paying back $ 150 million owed to U.S. players , according to a lawsuit Ivey filed Wednesday in District Court in Clark County , Nevada . "  I am deeply disappointed and embarrassed that Full Tilt players have not been paid money they are owed . I am equally embarrassed that as a result , many players can not compete in tournaments and have suffered economic harm , " Ivey says on his website . "  I am not playing in the World Series of Poker as I do not believe it is fair that I compete when others can not . " In April , several Full Tilt executives were indicted as part of a federal crackdown on online poker . Full Tilt has agreed to pay back players , but has n't , Ivey 's suit says . Full Tilt , otherwise known as Tiltware , fired back . "  Contrary to his sanctimonious public statements , Phil Ivey 's meritless lawsuit is about helping just one player -- himself , " Michele Clayborne , of the company 's public relations agency , said by e-mail . "  Tiltware doubts Mr. Ivey 's frivolous and self-serving lawsuit will ever get to court . But if it does , the company looks forward to presenting facts demonstrating that Mr. Ivey is putting his own narrow financial interests ahead of the players he professes to help . " Ivey 's lawsuit seeks more than $ 150 million in damages from Full Tilt . "  My name and reputation have been dragged through the mud , through the inactivity and indecision of others and on behalf of all poker players I refuse to remain silent any longer , " Ivey said on his website . "  I wholeheartedly refuse to accept non-action as to repayment of players funds and I am angered that people who have supported me throughout my career have been treated so poorly . " His stance and boycott of the World Series of Poker drew widespread praise from poker fans on Facebook . "  Will miss watching you play this year , but very admirable man , " one wrote in response to Ivey 's announcement . Ivey has won eight World Series of Poker bracelets and more than $ 5.6 million during his career , placing him sixth in WSOP rankings , according to the organization .	Ivey accuses Full Tilt Poker of damaging his reputation He says the company owes $ 150 million to players Full Tilt calls the lawsuit "  meritless "
Washington  CNN  -- Health care reform advocates inched closer to victory Wednesday as a high-profile liberal Democrat switched his position and announced his intention to vote for a sweeping $ 875 billion plan under consideration in the House of Representatives . Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , said he believes "  health care is a civil right . " He had previously characterized the bill , which cleared the Senate in December , as little more than a boondoggle for private insurers . Kucinich was publicly lobbied for his vote by President Barack Obama during the president 's visit this week to Kucinich 's congressional district in Ohio . He told reporters he 's had four meetings with Obama to discuss the bill . "  The president 's visit to my district ... underscored the urgency of this vote , " Kucinich said . "  I have doubts about the bill ... -LSB- but -RSB- I 've decided to cast a vote in favor of the legislation . " He said he ultimately had "  to make a decision on the bill as it is , not on the bill as I 'd like to see it . " Kucinich is a backer of a single-payer health care system under which the government would fund all costs billed by doctors and hospitals . Kucinich 's decision to change his vote is "  a good sign , " Obama told reporters in the Oval Office . "  I told him thank you . " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said she thought Kucinich 's switch would make a difference with a large number of liberal activists . "  He 's been a supporter of health care for all Americans for a long time , " she said . "  He has a constituency , and many of those people still do n't understand why there is n't a public -LSB- option -RSB- . " Pelosi has repeatedly expressed confidence that she will have enough support to pass the bill when it comes to the floor for a final vote . Read more about how votes are lining up Maryland Rep. Steny Hoyer , the No. 2 House Democrat , indicated Wednesday the vote could come at some point this weekend . He said the leadership is still waiting for final cost estimates from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office on a package of changes to the measure . Asked if the release of the CBO numbers was imminent , Pelosi said , "  I would have said ... half an hour ago , hopefully any minute . I think it 's going to take a little more time . " She said she had no explanation for the delay . "  I do n't know the calculation , " she said . "  I do n't know how they do it . Whatever it is , they 're the gospel and we have to live by it . " Later , Pelosi spokesman Nadeam Elshami said that the CBO estimates would not be released Wednesday night . Since the Democrats have said the bill will be available for reading for 72 hours before a vote , the vote can take place no sooner than Sunday , provided the CBO numbers are posted Thursday . Pelosi needs 216 votes from her 253-member caucus to pass the Senate bill . No Republicans are expected to back it . A number of House Democrats have refused to state their voting intentions publicly . Twenty-seven House Democrats , however , have indicated they will join Republicans in opposing the Senate plan . That puts opponents of reform 11 votes shy of the 216 needed to prevent Obama from scoring a major victory on his top domestic priority . Meanwhile , GOP leaders continued to pound away at the legislation on Wednesday , slamming House Democratic leaders for considering the use of a controversial legislative maneuver to pass the Senate bill . Pelosi may try to help House Democrats unhappy with the Senate bill by allowing them to avoid a direct vote on the measure . She is considering pushing for a vote on a rule that would simply "  deem " the Senate bill to be passed . The House then would proceed to a separate vote on the more popular package of changes to the Senate plan . "  I 've never seen anything like the plan that House Democrats hatched this week to jam their health care bill through Congress , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said Wednesday . "  Historians will remember this as a new low in this debate , the week that America was introduced to the ` scheme and deem ' approach to legislating . They 'll remember this as the week that Congress tried to pull the wool over the eyes of the public in order to get around their will . " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said Tuesday that Republicans will try to block the procedure . They will try to force a vote on a resolution requiring the Senate health care bill to be brought to an up-or-down vote . Boehner has called the maneuver -- also known as a "  self-executing rule " -- the "  ultimate in Washington power grabs . " House Republicans sent a letter to the Democratic head of the House Rules Committee on Wednesday asking her to move an upcoming hearing on the health care bill to a larger room to account for overwhelming public interest in the issue . The committee is responsible for deciding whether the full House will have a chance to pass the Senate bill using the self-executing rule . "  While C-SPAN may decide to cover the hearing , that does not satisfy the need for the maximum amount of transparency and openness needed to give the American people faith in this process , " the letter said . "  By moving the hearing to a larger room , we can ensure more Americans will have the opportunity to participate in our proceedings and not be turned away at the door . " Where does health care reform stand ? If enacted , the Democratic reform proposal would constitute the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees since the enactment of Medicare and Medicaid more than four decades ago . The plan is expected to extend insurance coverage to more than 30 million Americans . The Senate bill also would reduce federal deficits by about $ 118 billion over 10 years , according to CBO estimates . Top Republicans contend the plan amounts to an ill-conceived government takeover of the country 's health care system . They have said it would do little to slow spiraling medical costs . They also argue it would lead to higher premiums and taxes for middle-class families while resulting in deep Medicare cuts . Public opinion polls indicate a majority of Americans have turned against the administration 's health care reform plan , though individual elements of the proposal remain widely popular . CNN 's Dan Lothian , Charles Riley , Alan Silverleib , Jeff Simon , Deirdre Walsh and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	Democratic leaders say timing of vote will depend on CBO figures , which are delayed Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , on Wednesday said he intends to vote for health care bill Kucinich previously had characterized the bill as a boondoggle for private insurers The apparent defection improves chances for the bill 's passage
CNN  -- Federal officers charged with keeping terrorists off planes are now searching their own ranks for staff who told CNN that few flights were protected by air marshals . Iraq war veteran Jeff Denning says a TSA investigator called him trying to find out if he spoke to CNN . The Transportation Security Administration rejected as a "  myth " CNN 's report that less than 1 percent of the nation 's daily flights carry armed federal air marshals . Now the agency is conducting an investigation into who talked to CNN and who encouraged other agents to do the same . A spokesman for the TSA confirmed the investigation . Spokesman Christopher White said a TSA investigator is looking into the "  possible unauthorized release of sensitive and classified information to the news media by covered parties . " "  As part of this ongoing investigation , several individuals , both current and former employees , have been contacted as is typical in any investigation , " he said in an e-mail to CNN . CNN spoke to more than a dozen current and former air marshals , pilots and federal law enforcement officials for the report , which aired in March on "  Anderson Cooper 360º . " Repeatedly , the sources told CNN that as few as 280 of an estimated 28,000 daily flights had armed federal air marshals aboard . That amounts to less than 1 percent . "  That number is absolutely wrong , " said Kip Hawley , the head of the agency . He was speaking earlier this year before Congress , which held hearings into the Federal Air Marshal Service  FAMS  in the wake of CNN 's reporting . CNN learned of the TSA investigation from a former federal air marshal and Iraq war veteran , Jeff Denning . He was not connected to the original story . Denning said he was called by TSA investigator Greg Neiderer a few days after he came back from the front lines of Iraq . Denning said Neiderer grilled him on an e-mail he received on his personal account while he was in Iraq . The e-mail discussed plans to expose corruption in the air marshal service . The e-mail encouraged recipients to contact CNN correspondent Drew Griffin if they had information about the hiring of airport screeners as air marshals , the elimination of mandatory psychiatric tests for new hires and managers lying to Congress . Read the e-mail " CNN only recently received a copy of the e-mail . CNN did not have it when the report aired in March . Denning said he forwarded the e-mail to current and former air marshals . Denning said Neiderer wanted to know who sent him the e-mail . Nothing in the e-mail contained sensitive security information , Denning said , nor did it encourage anyone to disclose information that could endanger the public . "  I was petrified , " Denning said of Neiderer 's phone call , explaining how he contacted CNN full of dismay that the TSA was harassing him and his family to find out which of his former colleagues had talked to the media . "  In Iraq , there were a lot of dangerous things , but never have I been so scared -LSB- as -RSB- when the federal government called me on my home phone and said I want to know about your personal e-mail account and what you have been sending . " TSA 's Hawley refused repeated requests to be interviewed by CNN . Neiderer did not return repeated calls or e-mails . In an e-mail , TSA spokesman White confirmed Neiderer 's involvement , but denied that the TSA or the Federal Air Marshal Service had accessed anyone 's private e-mail accounts , via subpoena or otherwise . However , he added that "  all e-mails sent to government employees on a government system are always eligible to be read and reviewed as is outlined on every computer in TSA , including the FAMS . " White did not say how much the investigation is costing taxpayers or how long it would last . With a few phone calls , CNN was able to find the author of the original e-mail . The author is an air marshal who asked that his identity be concealed for fear of retribution by the TSA . The marshal said he sent the e-mail because for six years , his colleagues have been trying to alert Congress about continuing problems in the air marshal service . Many have left , he said , because of low morale and complaints about management . A May 2008 report from the Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General said that the agency "  currently experiences a 17 % voluntary attrition rate and low employee morale . " "  Congress does n't want to hear it , " the marshal said . "  They stick their heads in the sand . We tell them about the corruption . We give them examples and proof and I think they are scared of what they see . And they do n't want to deal with it . " The marshal said he had done nothing wrong by sending an e-mail . "  The only thing in my e-mail was my telling these other air marshals that CNN was willing to expose the corruption in the federal air marshal services and Mr. Griffin 's e-mail address , " he said . "  That 's not sensitive security information . That 's freedom of speech . " He said he sent another e-mail urging air marshals to contact members of Congress investigating the air marshal service . Meanwhile , the air marshal service is undergoing a management change . Shortly after CNN aired its first report , director Dana Brown announced plans to retire . He has since decided to stay with the air marshals in a newly created position of Integrity Officer . His successor is Robert Bray , current deputy director , who , like Brown and Neiderer , is a former Secret Service employee . According to the TSA , Brown 's job is to ensure that "  disciplinary measures and other personnel actions are administered uniformly throughout the organization . " Former air marshal Denning said he thinks the TSA should spend its time tracking down terrorists instead of former employees ' e-mails . "  If they want to tap into someone 's personal e-mail because they were going to destroy the Pentagon or kill the president , I could see reasons for contacting someone , " Denning said . "  But they 're contacting me on my personal e-mail that I apparently forwarded to someone else 's personal e-mail account . It 's outlandish . " CNN 's Todd Schwarzschild contributed to this report .	TSA questions former air marshal about e-mail encouraging him to talk to CNN In March , CNN reported that armed air marshals are on fewer than 1 percent of flights TSA denied findings , says it is investigating possible release of classified info Employee says he sent e-mail because he wanted to expose problems in TSA
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- As thousands of Democrats gather in Charlotte this week for their party 's convention , hope and change need to make room for humility and contrition . There is a lot to be humble and contrite about . Like George H.W. Bush in 1992 , President Obama seems to be out of ideas . By any measure , this is a failed presidency . And Obama has compounded that failure by continuing to blame his predecessor for the situation he inherited , in a ploy that is well beyond the expiration date . The economy continues to be weak . Gas prices are high . Consumer confidence is low . Many people are afraid of losing their job , their home and their life savings . We worry about the present , and we worry even more about our children 's future . Campaign promises were broken . A president who vowed to bring Americans together has driven us further apart with divisive rhetoric that fuels class warfare . Meanwhile , Obama 's foreign policy successes -- i.e. , the killing of Osama bin Laden by Navy Seals -- have been offset by the president 's indecisiveness in dealing with Iran and Syria . And this administration has not been as good a friend to Israel , or as respectful to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , as it should have been . One of the biggest mistakes that Obama made in the last three and a half years was not taking better care of his base and adhering to the principles he espoused when running for the presidency . He has disappointed many parts of the coalition that helped elect him . After eight years of George W. Bush , liberals and progressives thought they would get their concerns alleviated by Obama . Instead , when Obama began to embrace some of Bush 's policies , some of his supporters ended up with new concerns . Many on the left have registered their disappointments . Civil libertarians winced when Obama emulated George W. Bush 's blueprint for fighting the war on terror , everything from suspending habeas corpus for terror suspects to domestic wiretaps to keeping open the military prison at Guantanamo Bay . Latinos are heartsick over the fact that Obama deported more than 1.5 million illegal immigrants  most of them from Latin America  and broke up hundreds of thousands of families . Teachers unions were upset when Obama adopted the high-stakes testing accountability model that formed the basis of "  No Child Left Behind " and rebranded it as "  Race to the Top . " And gays and lesbians would have likely preferred someone who helped lead the repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act over someone who merely announced that he had come around to personally supporting gay marriage . Polls show that many Americans still like President Obama as a person . In August , a USA Today/Gallup poll showed that voters found Obama more likable than Mitt Romney by a staggering 23 points , 54 percent to 31 percent . But few seem to trust his abilities . The same poll found that Romney got the better of Obama when voters were asked who they thought was better able to fix the economy , 52 percent to 43 percent . Will disillusioned Democrats and independents who feel hoodwinked show up to vote for Obama in November ? That 's the question . As usual , former Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich is sure that he has the answer . Gingrich told conservative radio talk show host Sean Hannity : "  Obama wo n't be defeated by those who are angry with him . He 'll be defeated by those who are disappointed in him . " That sounds right . And that is what this week is all about , inspiring the base to vote and cobbling together the same winning coalition that helped elect Obama in 2008 . At this convention , there will be no need for Greek columns or Messianic rhetoric . Democrats ca n't re-capture lightning in a bottle . But Obama might be able to persuade just enough voters to take a chance again , and that would be good enough . To do it , he has to reconnect with everyday Americans by : -- Showing that he "  gets " it , and that he is ready to do something different in his second term than what he did in his first one , -- Accepting responsibility for his failures , admitting his mistakes and showing that he has learned from both , -- Uniting , inspiring and motivating the Democratic base to turn out and vote despite his center-right drift on a host of issues , -- Showing empathy for those who are suffering and giving them hope that things will improve . Last week , in Tampa , Romney needed to zero in on those who thought Obama had failed as president , but who were not yet sold on the idea of him as a replacement . He did some of that . This week , in Charlotte , Obama needs to speak to those who do n't like the alternative but still think he has come up short and needs to do better . We 'll see if he can do that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	The Democratic National Convention is held in Charlotte , North Carolina , this week Ruben Navarrette : Hope and change need to make room for humility and contrition He says Obama has disappointed many parts of the coalition that helped elect him Navarrette : We 'll find out if Obama can unite and inspire the Democratic base again
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Nearly 40 years after members of a U.S. cavalry unit put their lives in peril to save 100 fellow soldiers trapped under blistering enemy fire in Vietnam , they received the Presidential Unit Citation on Tuesday . Veterans watch Tuesday 's ceremony , which recognized members of a U.S. cavalry unit . It 's an honor their captain says is long overdue . President Obama awarded the citation for extraordinary heroism and conspicuous gallantry to 86 members of the Army 's Troop A , First Squadron , 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment . "  These soldiers defined the meaning of bravery and heroism , " Obama said at a White House reception honoring the group 's heroics . "  It 's never too late . You can never say it enough . ... We honor your service , and America is forever grateful . " On March 26 , 1970 , the 120-member Troop A volunteered to rescue an American infantry company surrounded by an overwhelming enemy force at a site on the Cambodian border called the Dog 's Face . The enemy had survived hours of aerial and artillery bombardment and was expected to kill or capture the 100 American infantrymen in Company C within hours . The Americans were running out of ammunition and could not move because of heavy casualties . There were no available landing zones for medical and rescue helicopters to touch down . Alpha Troop heard of their plight on a radio and rode in with an infantry company to rescue their comrades . "  Troop A skillfully penetrated four kilometers of nearly impassable jungle terrain and unhesitatingly mounted a fierce assault directly into the heavily fortified North Vietnamese army position , " the presidential proclamation states . When the battle was over , more than 70 Americans lay dead or wounded . For retired Capt. John Poindexter , who led the rescue , the award is for all Vietnam veterans , many of whom came home to an unwelcome and sometimes hostile reception . "  The veterans of Alpha Troop feel very strongly that we stand in the stead of all veterans of the war of Vietnam , " Poindexter told CNN before the ceremony . "  The fact is that we 're being singled out for a very distinct honor , a very rare one , but it is our conviction that on any day in any other jungle in Vietnam , nearly every Vietnam veteran would have been willing to assume the task that we assumed on March 26 , 1970 , when we earned the Presidential Unit Citation . " Poindexter had been trying to gain recognition for his men for the past seven years . Initially , he felt deep disappointment . In 2003 , he discovered that the men he had recommended for decorations for their valor had not received those citations . Eventually , 14 men received individual decorations . That was not enough . "  My role in obtaining the PUC -LSB- Presidential Unit Citation -RSB- -- or in helping to obtain the PUC -- among the 200 persons who were involved in this matter over a seven-year period , was to be in the unhappy position of discovering that the men who I had recommended for decorations had not been recommended , had not been awarded those decorations , " the retired captain said . "  The result of that was that we got 14 men decorated for their valor , but 14 men out of more than 120 who were engaged in the battle on that fateful day were only a pittance , only a minority , of those who might have been honored . Only a unit citation could honor all equally and impartially , and it was that task we set ourselves on nearly seven years ago . " He believes lack of popular support for the war had much to do with it taking so long for Alpha Troop to be recognized . "  There 's little question in our minds that the unpopularity of the war in Vietnam is a major contributing factor to the reception these men received when they returned to the United States and a major factor , in my opinion , in the silence that most of them have assumed since then , " Poindexter said . "  Why talk about something that most people do n't have a very high opinion of in all likelihood ? And if that is n't true , nevertheless , it 's what most of these men think . They were engaged in an unpopular venture that has bedeviled them for much of their adult lives . " Now , the circle has been closed . "  It 's a very elevating experience to see the men that I have not seen for 40 years since War Zone C in Vietnam , " the former captain said . "  These are persons who have had success in life , and some have not had a lot of success in life , and to see how they 've turned out , how they look these days , and to know I 'll be with them in the White House -LSB- Tuesday -RSB- is a very fulfilling sensation for me . "  For me , the sensation of being honored is one of having closed an important chapter on my life in a very fruitful and rewarding way . " The Presidential Unit Citation is awarded to armed forces units of the United States and allies for extraordinary heroism against an armed enemy on or after December 7 , 1941 . The unit must display such gallantry , determination and esprit de corps under extremely difficult and hazardous conditions so as to set it apart from and above other units participating in the same campaign .	86 in Army 's Troop A , First Squadron , 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment recognized Cavalry saved 100 fellow soldiers trapped under enemy fire in Vietnam Leader of 1970 rescue says award is for all Vietnam veterans Presidential Unit Citation recognizes extraordinary heroism against armed enemy
CNN  -- From luxury hotels in colossal tower blocks to traditional "  ryokan " and functional capsule hotels , there 's plenty of variety in Tokyo 's hotel scene . Sample the salaryman lifestyle at the Capsule Inn Akihabara . If you can afford it -- and you probably ca n't -- you owe it to yourself to stay at the Peninsula Hotel  1-8-1 Yurakucho , Chiyoda-ku  . As well as overlooking the Imperial Palace , what makes this hotel so special is the incredible array of high-tech mod cons in the rooms . There are wall panels that show the outdoor weather conditions , in-room nail dryers and espresso machines and , best of all , the toilets have a heated , self-lifting seat and built-in power deodorizer -- ingenious . Another top-end option is the Park Hyatt  3-7-1-2 Nishi Shinjuku  , immediately recognizable as the setting for the movie "  Lost in Translation . " The hotel occupies floors 41 to 52 of the Shinjuku Park Tower , and with breathtaking views over the city and towards Mount Fuji , its popularity with visiting celebrities is understandable . A more economical option is the Park Hotel Tokyo  Shiodome Media Tower , 1-7-1 , Higashi Shimbashi  , which also has great views , along with modern , unfussy rooms . The hotel even employs "  Pillow Fitter " staff to make sure you get a good night 's sleep . Marunouchi Hotel  1-6-30 Marunouchi , Chiyoda-ku  has comfortable rooms and is surprisingly luxurious for a business hotel . A "  ryokan " is a traditional Japanese-style inn , often featuring communal baths and rooms with futons and "  tatami "  straw mat  flooring . They also tend to be cheaper than regular hotels . Family-run Ryokan Sawanoya  2-3-11 Yanaka , Taito-ku  is cheap and homely . The English-speaking owner is exceptionally helpful and keen to immerse you in Japanese culture . If you 're lucky , his family will put on a tea ceremony or lion dance for your viewing pleasure . Ryokan Asakusa Shigetsu  1-31-11 Asakusa , Taito-ku  is a more expensive but more traditional option . Most rooms have private bathrooms but it 's worth using the communal baths just for the views of the nearby five-storied pagoda . ` Western-style ' rooms are also available . If you 're on a tight budget , or just curious , you could always try a ` capsule ' hotel , where guests sleep in coffin-sized capsules , just big enough to sit up in . Aimed primarily at workers too tired or too drunk to make it home , capsule hotels are only really suitable for single-night stays . Asakusa Riverside Capsule Hotel  2-20-4 Kaminarimon , Taito-ku  , with a women-only floor , is one of the few capsule hotels in Tokyo that allows female guests . You 'll be provided with a dressing gown and toothbrush and you 'll have access to communal bathing facilities . Be sure to take earplugs , as the snores of drunken salarymen wo n't do much for your beauty sleep . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Tokyo picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Why stay at the Peninsula Hotel ? Because it has in-room espresso machines The views from the Park Hyatt were the real star of "  Lost in Translation " A "  ryokan " is a traditional inn , with futons and "  tatami " floor mats in the rooms If you 're short on cash , or just curious , spend a night in a capsule hotel
CNN  A natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno , California , injured 11 people , including some inmates who were on a work detail there . Others being treated include a county road worker and two sheriff 's deputies , Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims said . The exact cause of Friday 's blast is under investigation , Mims said , but it happened at the spot where a county worker was operating a front loader . The explosion sparked a fire that roared like a jet engine , Mims said . The operator of the front loader was injured but able to walk to an ambulance , the sheriff said . The most serious injuries were suffered by a group of inmates who were assigned to maintenance and cleaning work at the sheriff 's firing range . There were 10 inmates near the blast site who were also injured , officials said . Three other inmates at the site were not hurt . Earlier , the sheriff 's office included them in the injury count . After the blast , Mims said , two sheriff 's deputies who were at the firing range ran toward the fire to move the injured . CNN affiliate KFSN posted a video of the scene that shows a tall ball of fire rising from near a highway . One inmate was airlifted to the hospital , the sheriff said . That inmate and the county worker were undergoing emergency surgery , she said . The others suffered mostly burns . The pair of deputies who provided aid also went for treatment for ringing ears and sunburn-like conditions , she said . Firefighters put out the blaze , revealing a crater at the blast site and a blackened front loader , Mims said .	The cause of a gas line explosion in Fresno , California , is unknown Two of the injured were undergoing emergency surgery
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon is training people to hack into its own computer networks . "  To beat a hacker , you need to think like one , " said Jay Bavisi , co-founder and president of the International Council of Electronic Commerce Consultants , or EC-Council . His company was chosen by the Pentagon to oversee training of Department of Defense employees who work in computer security-related jobs and certify them when the training is complete . The Department of Defense does not consider this hacking . "  DoD personnel are not learning to hack . They are learning to defend the network against hackers , " said spokesman Lt. Col. Eric Butterbaugh . But the EC-Council calls the program "  Certified Ethical Hacker certification . " The purpose of the training is to teach Defense Department employees to defend their computer network . Almost 45,000 attacks on Defense Department computers were reported in the first half of 2009 , according to a government report . The report estimated that for all of 2009 , the number of attacks would be up 60 percent from the previous year . Fending off the attacks costs the Pentagon about $ 100 million . Bavisi said the training focuses on teaching the art of hacking , using the same tools and tricks that traditional hackers use to break into computer networks . The basic concept is Defense Department employees would use the training to hack into the department 's computers , Bavisi said . Once the ethical hackers find the vulnerabilities that unethical hackers could use to attack , they increase the security to remove the potential threat . He said they are like bodyguards for the Defense Department network . Their only goal is to defend the network , even if the means of doing so are similar to those used by cyberattackers , Bavisi said . This kind of training has been done before in the Defense Department on an ad hoc basis , said Bavisi . Now every Defense Department agency and unit is required to include hacker training as one option for employees involved in cybersecurity . EC-Council has 450 training partners that will handle standard "  ethical hacking " training , which has been used by civilian agencies and private businesses for years . If a Defense Department agency wants its employees to focus on a particular type of hacker training , EC-Council will perform customized training . The training requires 40 hours of instruction and 4,500 pages of reading on the latest hacker techniques . Bavisi said that Defense Department employees who complete the training and certification will not be assigned to use their new knowledge to hack into privately owned or civilian computers . But he said that any kind of training , including ethical hacking , could be used for nefarious purposes . "  You can teach me to cut an apple with a knife , and I can turn around and stab you with the knife , " Bavisi said . EC-Council will be paid a fee per student , between $ 450 to $ 2,500 depending on the extent of the training and certification . It wo n't be clear for months exactly how many students will be trained .	"  Certified Ethical Hacker certification " trains employees to defend computer network Almost 45,000 attacks on Defense computers reported in the first half of 2009 Aim of hacker training is to help workers protect the system from real hackers
CNN  -- North Carolina pastor Otoniel Recinos has been offering an unusual warning these days to members of his church : Do n't drive in nearby Alamance County . It 's not safe , he warns them , because of the sheriff 's department . A two-year Justice Department investigation backs up what Recinos and other Latinos in the region say they 've known for a long time : Traffic stops by Alamance County sheriff 's deputies are sometimes part of a "  pattern of racial profiling " aimed at searching for illegal immigrants , according to a statement this week by Thomas E. Perez , the assistant U.S. attorney general for the civil rights division . Sheriff Terry S. Johnson has used offensive language when talking to Spanish speakers , the statement said , describing them as "  Taco eaters . " Deputies were between four to 10 times more likely to stop Latino drivers for traffic violations than non-Latinos , the Justice Department said . Many of the stops took place at traffic checkpoints organized by deputies near Hispanic communities . Latinos were arrested for violations , while others got only warnings or citations , the department said . The Justice Department also said Hispanics who were jailed after their arrests were discriminated against because they were targeted for immigration status checks . Read the Justice Department letter of findings on this case  PDF The pattern "  violates the Constitution and federal laws , " triggering ripple effects that result in "  distrust between the police and the community , " Perez 's statement said . It also "  inhibits the reporting of crime and cooperation in criminal investigations . " The sheriff vehemently denies the allegations . "  I do n't know where they got their information from , " Johnson said when contacted by phone , "  but it 's completely false . " Johnson said his attorney had advised him not to comment on the case . Related story : No papers , no fear , say protesters After Sunday services at his Pentecostal Church of Jesus Christ , Power of God in Chapel Hill , Recinos , a 55-year-old pastor , gathers for refreshments and fellowship with his flock of about 50 people -- who are mostly Latino . "  I tell them not to go there unless it 's an emergency , " said Recinos , who came to the United States from his native El Salvador 22 years ago . Recinos ' home is about 30 miles away from Chapel Hill in the Alamance County town of Burlington . After living there for nine years , the irony of telling his followers not to visit his own county is n't lost on him . "  That 's hard , you know , " he said . "  But you have to tell the people what you have to . " The situation is complicated by an agreement between federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement authorities and the county sheriff 's office . The agreement gave deputies additional powers aimed at identifying and arresting illegal immigrants for possible deportation to their home countries . The Justice accusations have prompted ICE to sever that partnership , said ICE spokeswoman Barbara Gonzalez . The agreements , called 287  g  programs , have long troubled local immigration reform advocates . "  We applaud the feds for conducting the investigation and its findings , " said Viridiana Martinez of the local advocacy group NC Dream Team . "  But there are still six other counties in the state that participate in the 287  g  program , which is at the bottom of this problem . " The programs have been a flash point in other states where immigration has become an issue . In Maricopa , Arizona , the sheriff 's department saw its agreement with federal law enforcement revoked after the Justice Department also accused local authorities of discriminatory police practices . ICE also has terminated agreements with five other Arizona law agencies , including the Phoenix Police Department . Collaboration under 287  g  continues in 64 communities in 24 states . ICE also has information-sharing capabilities in more than 3,000 local agencies in all 50 states through a different program known as Secure Communities . Related story : Romney vows ` reasonable ' immigration solution Arizona 's politically charged immigration law was partially upheld this month when a federal judge OK 'd its so-called "  show me your papers " provision . The section allows authorities , while enforcing other laws , to question the immigration status of people who may be in the United States illegally . The Supreme Court in June tossed out most other controversial aspects of the tough new law . Related story : What 's next in Arizona immigration battle ? The Alamance County Sheriff 's Office should n't shoulder all the blame , said Martinez , the local activist . "  It 's also the fault of the Obama administration for empowering these agencies to operate as immigration agencies , " she said . To "  cut the problem at the root , " she recommends ending all federal programs with local law enforcement that "  give them the power of federal agents . " The racial makeup of North Carolina is shifting , Martinez said , and "  a lot of white folks in the South are resistant to change . " In the past decades , North Carolina 's Hispanic population has skyrocketed . Hispanics in Alamance County have increased by nearly 500 between 2000 and 2010 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Census statistics also show that the number of Hispanic residents statewide grew by 943 % between 1990 and 2010 . North Carolina ranks 11th in overall Hispanic population , according to the bureau . But Martinez said Latinos who were first drawn by industry jobs in the region are now fleeing because the "  environment for immigrants in that county is horrible . " "  We know of people who have packed up after years and years of living there . " "  A lot of the Latino people are here to work , " she said . "  They 're not harming anyone -- but the last thing they want is to be arrested after they get pulled over . " In the wake of the federal accusations against the county sheriff 's office , the Justice Department said that it "  will seek to obtain a court enforceable , comprehensive , written agreement remedying the violations . " Meanwhile , Recinos said he worries about his friends , family and his church members who look to him for guidance . He said his followers worry about being able to trust community law enforcement officers who are supposed to protect them . He said all he can do is tell them what may seem obvious in the wake of the Justice Department accusations . "  Be careful . " Journalist Diego Barahona contributed to this report .	Justice Department : Deputies in North Carolina county target Latinos at traffic stops The pattern "  violates the Constitution , " Justice Department official says Sheriff denies accusations as "  completely false " Activist says Obama administration also shares the blame
NEW YORK  CNN  -- After huffing and puffing up 354 steps to the newly reopened Lady Liberty crown , Aaron Weisinger figured it was time to pop the question to his girlfriend , Erica Breder . Aaron Weisinger proposes to Erica Breder on July Fourth inside the crown of the Statue of Liberty . "  The Fourth of July has always been a favorite holiday , so that was part of it , " Weisinger said . The couple flew to New York from San Francisco , California , after managing to be among the first 240 people to snag the tickets to the Statue of Liberty crown for its reopening after September 11 , 2001 . Weisinger got down on one knee inside the narrow , 8-foot-long deck inside the Statue of Liberty 's crown , asked Breder to be his wife and offered her a sizeable diamond ring . "  I believe I was silent for several minutes . I was so excited , " Breder said . Then she said "  yes . " Both said their families came to the United States via Ellis Island . "  My great-grandparents immigrated -LSB- from Russia and Hungary -RSB- , " Weisinger said . His fiance 's relatives arrived from Hungary . "  The thoughts behind the statue and freedom and liberty allowed our parents and great-grandparents before us to have the wonderful lives that we do , " Weisinger added . Breder said she was thrilled to make the long climb up a steep spiral staircase to stand inside Lady Liberty 's crown . "  It was fantastic , much smaller than we had anticipated . The view 's fantastic , " the newly engaged Breder said . New safety measures include double handrails , glass stairwell partitions and careful crowd control , according to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar . Now , only three groups of 10 visitors per hour are guided up to the crown by a National Park Service ranger . That means only about 87,000 will be able to visit each year . In the past , it took visitors at least an hour and a half to climb from the base to the crown . Now , it takes only about 15 to 20 minutes . A new engineering study showed that there had to be changes to make it easier to exit the crowded staircase . Crown tickets can now be reserved online up to a year in advance , but the statue will close again in two years for additional renovations .	Aaron Weisinger proposed to Erica Breder on July 4 inside the Statue of Liberty Couple among first people to see statue 's crown since reopening after 9/11 "  I believe I was silent for several minutes . I was so excited , " Breder said New safety measures include double handrails , stairwell partitions , crowd control
New York  CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy has weakened , yet her presence will be felt in the days and weeks to come as transportation systems assess impacts and try to resume schedules . Much of Tuesday 's air and rail service has been canceled , and millions of public transit commuters are without service . Here 's what to expect in many of the affected areas : Transit upheaval New York City 's massive public transit network was crippled overnight . "  The New York City subway system is 108 years old , but it has never faced a disaster as devastating as what we experienced last night , " MTA Chairman Joseph J. Lhoto said in an online statement . Seven subway tunnels under the East River flooded in the course of the storm , the Metro-North Railroad lost power in sections of its lines and the Long Island Rail Road sustained flooding in one East River tunnel and evacuated its West Side Yards , according to the statement . The Hugh L. Carey Tunnel flooded "  from end to end , " the Queens Midtown Tunnel also was closed because of flooding , and six bus garages were disabled . Lhota said MTA employees will restore service as quickly as possible "  to help bring New York back to normal . " In New Jersey , all NJ Transit services remain suspended until further notice . Transit service is also suspended Tuesday in Maryland , according to the Maryland Transit Administration . Transit officials in Philadelphia said they are optimistic that city and suburban services will be up and running sometime Tuesday but could not give an exact time . Southeastern Pennsylvania 's regional rail commuter lines present a bigger challenge , said SEPTA spokeswoman Jerri Williams . Crews were out overnight and were walking the lines Tuesday assessing damage with the hopes of resuming commuter rail service Wednesday morning . "  But we already know it 's going to be a challenge . We already know there 's going to be disruptions and delays in the morning , " Williams said . In Boston , most transit service was set to resume Tuesday morning , with some delays , according to the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority . Amtrak extended Northeast Corridor cancellations through Tuesday . Bus routes connected to those trains were also canceled . Trains coming to and from Canada or to and from the South will still operate , but they will stop short of the storm-affected states . Consult Amtrak 's website for more details . Thousands of flights canceled There have already been more than 15,000 flight cancellations since Sunday as a result of Sandy , according to flight tracking site FlightAware.com . That number is expected to rise , since FlightAware.com reports that most airports in the New York City area are closed and have n't announced reopening times . "  It is unlikely there will be scheduled flight operations to/from NYC today and some airlines have begun canceling flights on Wednesday , " according to a FlightAware.com statement . There have been 6,047 flights canceled for Tuesday , as of 8:50 a.m. , FlightAware figures show . Philadelphia is leading the way with 1,085 cancellations followed by the New York-area airports with nearly 1,000 each . Airlines have already canceled 635 flights for Wednesday . More cancellations are expected Tuesday and Wednesday as airport staffs assess damage . American Airlines , JetBlue , Southwest Airlines  including its AirTran subsidiary  , and US Airways announced cancellations Monday of all Tuesday operations to many Northeast locations , including the Philadelphia , Washington , Boston and New York City-area airports . United Airlines has canceled flights at the New York City airports and only expects to restart operations in the Washington area Tuesday night . Delta Air Lines said Monday that "  limited flying is expected to resume Tuesday afternoon at Delta 's LaGuardia and JFK hubs with a full restart targeted for Wednesday , subject to conditions . " An airline spokesman says Delta also plans to restart operations Tuesday morning at other Northeast airports , including the Boston and Washington-area airports , conditions permitting . Most carriers will allow affected passengers to change their itineraries without penalty . Check the major airlines ' advisories here : American Airlines , Delta , United , US Airways , AirTran , JetBlue , Southwest . Middle Eastern , European and Asian airlines also grounded flights in and out of the United States ' Eastern Seaboard as Sandy approached . The good news is that the storm is happening during a slow travel season and airlines canceled many of the flights in advance , minimizing the number of stranded passengers , according to Farecompare.com Chief Executive Rick Seaney . "  Barring significant airport damage , flight patterns should be back to normal by the end of the weekend , " Seaney said . Hurricane safety : When the lights go out CNN 's Aaron Smith and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	New York city transit system sustains "  devastating " damage More than 15,000 flights have been canceled , a flight tracking site says Many air travelers may reschedule without penalty Amtrak has canceled service in the Northeast on Tuesday
CNN  -- An apparent tornado touched down Saturday afternoon in a small town east of Kansas City , Missouri , blowing roofs off houses and toppling trees and power poles , the National Weather Service said . There was no immediate word on injuries in the town of Orrick , but law enforcement officials are checking house-to-house to make sure everyone is accounted for , said Sgt. Collin Stosberg with the Missouri Highway Patrol . The damage appeared to be typical for a tornado , but a determination on whether it was indeed a twister and the scale would have to wait another day , said Rich Thompson , lead forecaster at the National Weather Service Storm Prediction Center in Norman , Oklahoma . Residents reported seeing a funnel cloud , Thompson told CNN . Debris was scattered throughout the town . A silo crashed to the ground and trees were either ripped out of the ground or torn in half . Residents looked stunned as they surveyed the damage . Amy and Jerry McNary discovered their two Australian shepherd puppies , amazingly , were alive in their open-air enclosure , though a bit muddy . The McNarys ' chicken coop next to the dogs was turned upside down , but all 15 chickens were unhurt . Their yard was full of storm debris . "  It 's bad . It 's a mess , " Jerry McNary told CNN Kansas CIty affiliate KSHB . "  The rest of the town does n't look any better . His wife said the town of about 900 will recover . Orrick is about 30 miles east of Kansas City . "  Orrick 's a good community , " Amy McNary told KSHB . "  I 'm sure everyone will help out . We have a strong community here . " Stosberg said 80 % of the town was affected . Authorities said they wo n't allow nonresidents for 48 hours . Because power lines were downed , Kansas City Power & Light deliberately shut off electricity to the area until the damage can be assessed .	Residents say the town of 900 will recover There is no word on injuries The National Weather Service says the damage appears typical for a tornado A silo was brought down and debris is scattered
CNN  -- Eating home-cooked food in a local 's house -- it 's what great stories are made of . Thanks to some enterprising minds , dozens of home kitchens and dining tables in Southeast Asia have opened up to travelers wanting a taste of the local cuisines . They 're available for booking online , complete with reviews , photos and payment options . PlateCulture is the latest to gain traction out of Asia , following the likes of mealsharing.com , which we wrote about in our best websites for travelers roundup . More than 80 home chefs in four Southeast Asian countries -- Thailand , Malaysia , Vietnam and Singapore -- are listed on the PlateCulture site . Each listing outlines the menu that will be cooked and the hosts ' background . Most also include user reviews that range from mild to wild endorsements . The most popular tried-and-tested kitchens are showcased on the homepage under "  Our Picks . " After the booking , customers receive detailed directions to the host 's house . Payments are made through PayPal , and the company keeps 16.7 % as a commission . PlateCulture says hosts have been tested and approved by staff or company ambassadors in different countries . While most listings are standard dinners , some are more creative , such as this Indian cuisine cooking workshop or English afternoon tea . Travel , eat , share Founder Reda Stare says she was inspired to start the company by her own experiences of dining in local homes while traveling in India . The goal of the company is to "  help travelers in all countries across Asia to experience being in a local home , eating homemade food and feeling like you 've been a part of something authentic and special , " Stare says . One of the most difficult parts of the job has been convincing travelers it 'll be a better alternative to a restaurant . "  Mostly the challenges are spreading the idea to travelers , that it is really worth it to step a bit from your comfort zone while traveling and try out this new concept of spending a few hours at local homes in Asia . " While the experience is great for travelers , Stare says the company 's impact has also been big for the hosts . "  One of our home chefs received a lot of praise for her recipes so she decided to write and publish her recipe book while another host who makes excellent sweets started cooking and selling various jams as her part-time job , " said Stare . The company pans to expand to Indonesia , Philippines and Sri Lanka in the upcoming year and South Korea , China , Hong Kong and Australia in the near future . Would you feel comfortable dining in a stranger 's kitchen while traveling ? Let us know in the comments .	New travel startup PlateCulture introduces the latest way of eating out -- eating in Website lists 80 home chefs in four Southeast Asian countries Each listing includes detailed menus and reviews
Mashable  -- Apple is scheduled to host an education-related event on January 19 -- shrouded with a veil of mystery , as always . A new report from Ars Technica says the company is about to unveil a set of tools to create interactive e-books . Previous rumors said that Apple will show no new devices , and that the event will center around Apple 's new partnerships with textbook publishers . If this new report is true , the event might turn out to be much more significant . Ars Technica 's sources say Apple 's about to present new authoring tools described as "  GarageBand for e-books , " making it easy for everyone to create interactive digital books . The company also plans to expand its platform to distribute these e-books to iPhone and iPad users . Apple , who currently supports the ePub 2 e-book standard  with some additions  is also expected to announce support for the ePub 3 standard for iBooks . This venture is described as the pet project of Steve Jobs , who -- according to Walter Isaacson 's biography -- believed the textbook industry is ripe for "  digital destruction . " According to Ars Technica 's sources , Jobs was very closely involved on the project and has worked on it for several years . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Ars Technica says Apple is about to unveil a set of tools to create interactive e-books Previous rumors said that Apple will show no new devices Report says company also plans to expand its platform to distribute these e-books
CNN  Formula One star Fernando Alonso is out of hospital after his high speed crash -- but the Spaniard will not take part in this week 's final preseason test in Barcelona . The double world champion was concussed and airlifted to hospital when his McLaren ran wide during winter testing at the Circuit de Catalunya -- home to the Spanish Grand Prix -- on Sunday . "  We are pleased to confirm that Fernando Alonso has now left hospital , " McLaren said in a statement . "  He has returned to his family 's home in Spain for further rest and recuperation . " Alonso gave a thumbs-up to photographers as he walked out of the Cataluna Hospital on Thursday and drove away with his girlfriend . Kevin Magnussen , who effectively lost his McLaren seat to the returning Alonso , will share driving duties with Jenson Button at the four day test which begins on Thursday . Alonso chose to leave Ferrari at the end of the 2014 season and rejoin McLaren , which is also renewing its technical partnership with Japanese engine manufacturer Honda for 2015 . The 33-year-old -- regarded by his peers as the best driver on the grid -- is chasing a third world crown but , so far , he has not had chance to gauge the possibilities of realizing that ambition with McLaren . Early reliability problems meant Alonso had only completed 117 laps in the MP4-30 race car before his preseason was curtailed by the crash . McLaren had explained that Alonso 's "  accident was caused by the unpredictably gusty winds at that part of the circuit at that time . " Turn Three , where the accident took place , is an area of the circuit where cross winds are known to affect the balance of the cars . The team statement continued : "  We can also disclose that no electrical discharge or irregularity of any kind occurred in the car 's ERS -LSB- energy recovery -RSB- system either before , during or after the incident . "  That last point refutes the erroneous rumors that have spread recently to the effect that Fernando was rendered unconscious by an electrical fault . That is simply not true . " McLaren sporting director Eric Boullier had described the crash as "  one of those things that happens during testing . " Alonso will be expected to return to driving duties for CNN sponsored McLaren in first practice for the season opening Australian Grand Prix on March 13 .	Fernando Alonso leaves hospital three days after his crash in Barcelona The double world champion will recover at his family home in Spain Kevin Magnussen will drive for McLaren in final preseason test in place of Alonso
The Israel Security Agency released the identities of two suspects in the kidnapping of three teenage boys from Jewish settlements in the West Bank two weeks ago . "  The Israel Security Agency established less than a day after the kidnapping ... that Hamas was believed to be behind the June 12 abduction , the ISA said in a statement Thursday "  Hamas activists from Hebron , " Marwan Kawasmeh , 29 , and Amar Abu-Isa , 32 , were behind the abductions , the intelligence agency said . Both men have been arrested by Israeli security forces before , according to an ISA news release . Kawasmeh served a 10-month prison sentence . "  In his most recent investigation , in 2010 ,  Kawasmeh  admitted to having been recruited to the Hamas military wing in the Hebron area in 2009 , " ISA said . Abu-Isa was detained several times between 2005 and 2007 . Lt. Col. Peter Lerner of the Israel Defense Forces said Thursday that both men have "  a history of terrorist activity " and both were "  suspects immediately after the kidnapping . " The three teenagers , Gilad Shaar and Naftali Frenkel , both 16 , and Eyal Yifrach , 19 , were last seen around Gush Etzion , on the Israeli side of the West Bank barrier late on June 12 or early on June 13 , according to the IDF . After the release of the suspects ' identities , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu responded with a comment directed at Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . "  I now expect President Abbas ... to break his pact with the Hamas terrorist organization that kidnaps children and calls for the destruction of Israel . " Previously Abbas had condemned the kidnappings and called on all sides to refrain from violence , according to an Israeli newspaper report earlier this month . Netanyahu blamed Hamas for the kidnappings almost immediately . A Hamas spokesman said in the days after the abductions that Netanyahu 's comments attributing blame were "  stupid and baseless . " Israeli security forces have conducted an extensive search for the teens . Within days after the teens ' disappearance , Israeli soldiers had detained more than 150 Palestinian suspects . The military said Hamas leaders and operatives were among the suspects . As the search for the two suspects continues , the IDF and ISA said Thursday several other suspects are also being questioned "  for their personal involvement of the attack . "	The Israel Security Agency names suspects in teens ' kidnapping ISA says "  Hamas activists " are to blame The three teenagers disappeared from the West Bank on June 12 Netanyahu calls on Abbas to take action
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The daughter of a man who died after falling four stories at Shea Stadium said her father was not sliding down the escalator when the accident happened , as police reported . A statement from the New York Police Department on Tuesday said witnesses saw 36-year-old Antonio Nararainsami of Brooklyn sitting on the banister of the escalator when he lost his balance and fell . Nararainsami 's daughter , Emily , told CNN affiliate WABC on Tuesday that her father was walking down the escalator , not sliding on its banister , as fans left the stadium after the New York Mets-Washington Nationals game . She said she and another relative saw what happened . "  He was n't moving or nothing ; he was just walking down . I guess he tried to say something to us or something , and I guess he just lost his balance and flipped over , " she said . Nararainsami died at Booth Memorial Hospital about 25 minutes after the 10 p.m. incident . Police are investigating the death as an accident . E-mail to a friend	Police said man lost his balance on an escalator as fans left the stadium He died about 25 minutes later at Booth Memorial Hospital Police are investigating the death as an accident
CNN  -- -LSB- Breaking news update at 11:50 p.m. Thursday -RSB- The United States respects the vote by the British parliament not to participate in a potential military action against Syria , U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said Friday . "  Every nation has a responsibility to make their own decisions , and we respect that of any nation , " he told journalists in Manila , the Philippines . In spite of the British decision , it remains the goal of the Obama administration that any decision be "  an international collaboration , " he said . -LSB- Original story , posted at 10:36 p.m. Thursday -RSB- CNN  The United States may have to take action against Syria without the support of one of its staunchest allies , U.S. officials said Thursday after British lawmakers voted down a proposal for military action . Washington will continue to consult with Britain , but "  President Obama 's decision-making will be guided by what is in the best interests of the United States , " National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said in a statement issued Thursday evening . The reaction followed news the House of Commons rebuffed Prime Minister David Cameron 's call for a strong response to claims Syria used chemical weapons against its own people , raising questions about what , if any , timeline the United States may follow for a possible strike . Obama has not spelled out what steps the United States will take in response to last week 's reported attack against civilians in a Damascus suburb , allegedly leaving hundreds dead . "  He believes that there are core interests at stake for the United States and that countries who violate international norms regarding chemical weapons need to be held accountable , " Hayden said . Unilateral action was "  a possibility " following the results of the late-night Parliament vote in London , a senior U.S. official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN . "  We care what they think . We value the process . But we 're going to make the decision we need to make , " the official said . The vote among UK lawmakers came after a long day of debate , and it appeared to catch Cameron and his supporters by surprise . For days , the prime minister has been sounding a call for action , lending support to talk of a U.S. - or Western-led strike against Syria . "  I strongly believe in the need for a tough response to the use of chemical weapons , but I also believe in respecting the will of this House of Commons , " the prime minister said . "  I get that and the government will act accordingly , " he said . The head of the opposition Labour Party , Ed Miliband , called Cameron 's call for action "  cavalier and reckless . " "  I think today the House of Commons spoke for the British people who said they did n't want a rush to war , and I was determined we learned the lessons of Iraq and I 'm glad we 've made the prime minister see sense this evening , " he told Press Association . Iran : U.S. military action in Syria would spark ` disaster ' At the United Nations , a closed-door Security Council meeting ended with no agreement on a resolution to address the growing crisis in Syria , a Western diplomat told CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh on condition of anonymity . "  It was clear there was no meeting of minds , and no agreement on the text . It is clear that our approaches are very different and we are taking stock  of the next steps  , " the diplomat said of the session , which was called by Syria 's longtime ally , Russia . The members of the Security Council expect U.N. weapons inspectors to brief Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon shortly after they depart Syria on Saturday . Ban , in turn , will swiftly brief the Security Council on the findings , the diplomat said . China , which along with Russia has staunchly opposed any military intervention in Syria , called for U.N. weapons inspectors to be allowed to complete their investigation . "  China calls on parties concerned to exercise restraints and calmness , adhering to the right track of political solution , " Foreign Minister Wang Yi said in a statement . Britain 's Joint Intelligence Committee has concluded it was "  highly likely " that Syrian government forces used poison gas outside Damascus last week in an attack that killed at least 350 people , according to a summary of the committee 's findings released Thursday . Speaking in the House of Commons before the vote , Cameron said failure to respond would undo "  decades of painstaking work " to prevent such weapons from being unleashed . "  The global consensus against the use of chemical weapons will be fatally unraveled , " he said . "  A 100-year taboo will have been breached . " In Washington , White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Obama was still weighing a potential response , but said his administration was working on a "  compressed timeline . " Why Russia , Iran and China are standing by Assad U.N. weapons inspectors are now in Syria trying to confirm the use of chemical weapons . The inspectors are expected to leave the country by Saturday morning , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government denies using the weapons against opposition forces and says its troops were the victims , not perpetrators , of recent gas attacks ; but both British and U.S. officials say the rebels have no capability to use poison gas on the scale of the August 21 attack near Damascus , which opposition sources said killed more than 1,300 . "  There is no credible intelligence or other evidence to substantiate the claims or the possession of CW by the opposition , " Britain 's Joint Intelligence Committee concluded in a document released Thursday . "  The JIC has therefore concluded that there are no plausible alternative scenarios to regime responsibility . " Chemical weapons in Syria : How did we get here ? Cameron said the debate was not about regime change or invasion . And he said his government would not act without first hearing from the U.N. inspectors , giving the world body a chance to weigh in and giving Parliament another chance to vote . But the prime minister said failing to act would give al-Assad the unmistakable signal that he could use poison gas "  with impunity . " The British dossier on Syria also concluded the government had used chemical weapons on 14 previous occasions , and Cameron said al-Assad stepped up their use last week as a sort of test for the world . The government said it could justify the use of force against Syria on humanitarian grounds , to stop the suffering , even if the United Nations declined to authorize a strike . "  The aim is to relieve humanitarian suffering by deterring or disrupting the further use of chemical weapons , " the government said . UK Government 's legal position on Syrian regime 's chemical weapon use Syria 's government offered its own arguments against such an intervention . In an open letter to British lawmakers , the speaker of Syria 's parliament riffed on British literary hero William Shakespeare , saying : "  If you bomb us , shall we not bleed ? " But in a veiled warning to the United Kingdom , the letter also invoked Iraq , a conflict justified on the grounds that Iraq had amassed stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons and was working toward a nuclear bomb -- claims that were discovered to have been false after the 2003 invasion . "  Those who want to send others to fight will talk in the Commons of the casualties in the Syrian conflict . But before you rush over the cliffs of war , would it not be wise to pause ? Remember the thousands of British soldiers killed and maimed in Afghanistan and Iraq , not to mention the hundreds of thousands of Iraqi dead , both in the war and in the continuing chaos . " British Commons Speaker John Bercow published the letter . And al-Assad has vowed to defend his country against any outside attack . "  The threats of launching an aggression against Syria will increase its commitments to its rooted principles and its independent decision that originated from the will of its people , and Syria will defend itself against any aggression , " the Syrian president said Thursday in a speech to Yemeni politicians . Syria : Who wants what after chemical weapons horror Obama faces calls for American vote on force Across the Atlantic , Obama said in a televised interview Wednesday that he has no doubt Syria used chemical weapons on its own people . He said government claims that the opposition used them were impossible . "  We do not believe that , given the delivery systems , using rockets , that the opposition could have carried out these attacks . We have concluded that the Syrian government in fact carried these out . And if that 's so , then there need to be international consequences , " he said on "  PBS NewsHour " Wednesday . Obama said that he has not made a decision about whether to conduct a military strike in Syria . A senior administration official said the United States would continue to consult with British officials , but declined to say if the slowdown in London would affect U.S. decision-making on Syria . The president is facing doubts at home as well : More than 160 members of Congress , including 63 Democrats , have now signed letters calling for either a vote or at least a "  full debate " before any U.S. action . Ghitis : 5 reasons U.S. must intervene in Syria The author of one of those letters , Democratic Rep. Barbara Lee of California , said Obama should seek "  an affirmative decision of Congress " before committing American forces . More than 90 members of Congress , most of them Republican , signed another letter by GOP Rep. Scott Rigell of Virginia . That letter urged Obama "  to consult and receive authorization " before authorizing any such military action . Congress is currently in recess until September 9 . Opinion : Why western intervention in Syria will leave chaos	The United States respects the vote by the British not to participate in a potential military strike UK vote raises questions about effect on a possible U.S. timeline It 's "  highly likely " Syria 's regime is responsible for the chemical weapons attack , UK says Remember war dead before rushing to strike us , Syria warns British parliament
One man more interested than most in what President Barack Obama will have to say in his address to the nation Wednesday night is al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri . In his hideout somewhere in Pakistan or Afghanistan , he will likely be hoping that the President sets out a plan to exterminate the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , a group that has eclipsed al Qaeda and made al-Zawahiri seem virtually irrelevant . Al-Zawahiri and the core of al Qaeda are locked in battle with ISIS for the leadership of the global jihadist movement -- offering very different visions and strategies . ISIS was expelled from al Qaeda in February after rejecting al-Zawahiri 's demand that it restrict its activities to Iraq . ISIS has captured the imagination of a new generation of jihadists -- from Arab and European states alike -- with its ruthless pursuit of a Caliphate , dramatic territorial gains and relentless propaganda machine . Its chilling brutality toward non-Muslims and Muslims who do n't share its rigid interpretation of Islam echo the behavior of its predecessor , al Qaeda in Iraq , whose vicious attacks on Shia Muslims and moderate Sunnis drew the ire of the late al Qaeda leader , Osama bin Laden . In short , ISIS ' "  traipse through Iraq represents a serious organizational , strategic , and ideological blow to al Qaeda , " analyst Barak Mendelsohn wrote in Foreign Affairs in June . So far , the leaders of al Qaeda affiliates have remained loyal  if not enthusiastically  to al-Zawahiri . After the death of its leader Ahmad Abdi Godane last week , Al-Shabaab quickly reiterated its allegiance to the al Qaeda leader , and Nasir al Wuhayshi , al Qaeda 's No. 2 , remains at the helm of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  . Prominent jihadi preachers like Abu Muhammad al Maqdisi and Abu Qatada have blasted ISIS for deviancy . Appealing to a new generation of jihadists But the younger generation of jihadists appears to be more impressed by action than sermons . Al Qaeda foot-soldiers -- from Yemen , Libya , Saudi Arabia and elsewhere -- are flocking to ISIS ' standard . To them , its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confronting the apostates and building the Caliphate , while al-Zawahiri talks . It 's impossible to know the scale of this exodus . But last week , a group calling itself The Supporters of the Islamic State in Yemen released a video pledging allegiance to al-Baghdadi , calling him the "  Caliph of the Muslims ... the mujahid in the first row of attack against America . " Even AQAP -- the most effective of the group 's affiliates -- has expressed solidarity with ISIS fighters , condemning what it calls the "  declaration of war " by the United States on Muslims in Iraq , and calling on "  all Islamic groups to support their brothers by afflicting America . " By contrast , it 's been a long time since al Qaeda central has carried out any attack of note . Four years ago , a strategy document set out ideas for attacking targets such as cruise ships , dams and bridges as well as aircraft . But very little beyond "  lone wolf " attacks by distant sympathizers of al Qaeda has happened since . Over the last three years , the most significant terror attacks against western interests have been against the U.S. Consulate compound in Benghazi , Libya , where there may have been some involvement by members of al Qaeda affiliates ; the gas plant in southern Algeria in January 2013 , carried out by a maverick group that pledged allegiance to al Qaeda but does not appear to have been acting on its instructions ; and the Westgate Mall in Nairobi , Kenya -- the work of Al-Shabaab , apparently planned without reference to the al Qaeda leadership , even if it was exactly the sort of operation al-Zawahiri had urged . Attacks against U.S. military , diplomatic and government targets in Afghanistan have largely been the work of the Taliban and Haqqani Network , though al Qaeda fighters are enmeshed with these groups . Some al Qaeda affiliates have been forced on the defensive over the last couple of years . The French intervention in Mali pushed back groups linked to al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  , which had taken over half the country . AQAP seized and then lost several towns in southern Yemen in early 2012 , and resorted to suicide bombings and fighting Yemeni government forces from remote hideouts . Al-Shabaab lost its leader Godane in a U.S. missile strike last week and has lost large areas of Somalia it once controlled to ground offensives by Kenyan , Ethiopian and African Union forces . It has also suffered vicious infighting . And in Pakistan , the army has gone on the offensive against the Pakistani Taliban -- an al Qaeda affiliate also riven by division -- in the North Waziristan tribal area . Al Qaeda strongholds still exist There are still plenty of places where al Qaeda supporters are active and their operations growing : eastern Libya , Syria and the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt , where they have found breathing space amid a collapse of state authority . But amid these fast-moving events , al-Zawahiri has seemed more the cheerleader than the leader , reacting to events rather than directing them . Last week , in an effort to reclaim relevancy , he announced the creation of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent , led by Asim Umar , which will include at least one faction of the Pakistan Taliban . According to a translation by the SITE Institute , the new offshoot 's spokesman , Usama Mahmoud , said its basic goals included jihad against America , supporting the Taliban and establishing a Caliphate  implicitly rejecting the Caliphate claimed by al-Baghdadi  . The announcement steps up the philosophical battle between al Qaeda and ISIS about how the dream of the Caliphate , to which Muslims the world over would owe allegiance , is achieved . Mahmoud spoke of "  a Caliphate where the emirs are proud in their closeness to the honest scholars ... a Caliphate in whose shadow even the disbelieving people of dhimma  non-Muslim citizens of an Islamic state  have a life of safety and security . " The last condition was clearly aimed at ISIS and its merciless campaign against non-Muslims and non-Sunni Muslims in both Iraq and Syria . Not to be outdone , ISIS ' propaganda machine recently posted photographs showing residents of the Iraqi city of Nineveh enjoying "  prosperity ... under the shade of the Caliphate . " Al Qaeda 's hope for the future Al-Zawahiri may be looking to the withdrawal of most U.S. combat forces from Afghanistan as his best chance of reviving al Qaeda 's fortunes . Last week 's announcement reiterated al Qaeda 's allegiance to Taliban leader Mullah Muhammad Omar as the leader of the Islamic Emirate . Several analysts have also noted a stream of statements from al Qaeda that hint at the coming of a "  counter-Caliphate . " Daveed Gartenstein-Ross and Thomas Jocelyn pointed out in Foreign Policy that despite the U.S. surge in Afghanistan , "  The remote provinces of Kunar and Nuristan are home to significant cadres of al Qaeda fighters , and al Qaeda continues to operate side by side with its allies in other parts of the country . " There is also the prospect -- or as some would say , likelihood -- that ISIS will over-reach much as did its predecessor , al Qaeda in Iraq -- alienating the Sunni tribes , taking territory it can not defend and mobilizing more enemies than it can resist . If the coalition now building against it can split ISIS ' Syrian and Iraqi possessions and prize cities like Mosul from its grasp , the momentum crucial to its success and appeal will be lost . The Obama administration seems poised to borrow a page out of its strategy against al Qaeda to deal with ISIS . Last week , Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes noted : "  We 've been able to significantly degrade al Qaeda core in Afghanistan and Pakistan , decimate its leadership ranks , reducing the threat that they pose . " Now a repetition in Iraq of the U.S. strategy that reduced al-Zawahiri to a spectator may be his best chance of overcoming the challenge posed by ISIS . The risk is that Washington and its allies will neglect imminent challenges in Afghanistan while refocusing on the militant challenge in Iraq . We 've seen that movie too .	ISIS was expelled from al Qaeda in February Analyst : ISIS ' traipse through Iraq represents an ideological blow to al Qaeda There are still plenty of places where al Qaeda supporters are active
LifeWire  -- Jess Hu is a child care provider from Brooklyn , New York , but for 20 hours a week , she 's a rock star . That 's how much she estimates she plays the video game "  Rock Band . " Alex Hedquist  left  and Jess Hu strike their best rock star poses during a "  Rock Band " competition in Brooklyn . "  It 's like a part-time job , " says Hu , 27 . "  I gave up sleep . " "  Rock Band " has joined "  Guitar Hero " as the must-have video game and become another way for wannabe rockers to live their dream . "  Rock Band , " released in the United States on November 20 by MTV Games and Electronic Arts , takes up to four players at a time : a guitarist , a bassist , a drummer and a lead singer . The performance simulator enables players to look and sound like the real deal -- so much so that "  Rock Band " devotees are posting videos of themselves on YouTube , talking about faux concert triumphs in online forums and storming bar-hosted "  Rock Band " festivals . Have n't heard of the band Something Ridiculous ? They are legends in their time , which would be Sunday nights at the Living Room Lounge in Brooklyn . That 's "  Rock Band " Night . Hu and fellow members Alex Hedquist , 25 , Darce Grillo , 19 , Saori Tsujimoto , 21 , and E. Pena , 21 , even made their own T-shirts . "  When you do ` Guitar Hero , ' you 're like a comedian -- on your own , " said Living Room Lounge bartender Gerard Grillo , who brings the game to the bar on Sundays and projects it onto a large screen . "  Now you have three other people to act foolish with . " Karaoke 's successor Bar nights devoted to music games are popping up from Brooklyn to the Bay Area . "  Guitar Hero " Night at the Living Room Lounge brought in 60 people on Sunday nights , estimates Darce Grillo , the bartender 's son ; with "  Rock Band , " it 's about 80 . Arshan Sadri , a restaurant worker , slips into a showbiz alter ego as soon as he straps on the stringless guitar replica , urging three strangers to join hands and yell , "  Let 's go , band ! " "  You 're forming a fake band -- that 's what you do , " says Sadri , calling the game "  the best part of karaoke , adding in a drummer and guitars . " Players at the Lounge shred on electric anthems such as the Rolling Stones ' "  Gim me Shelter , " Mountain 's "  Mississippi Queen " and Blue Oyster Cult 's "  Do n't Fear the Reaper . " Or , at least , they appear to play . Guitarists press colored notes on the neck of the "  instrument " to correspond with the colored bars descending on the video monitor . They press a strum key with the other hand to "  hit " the note before it disappears . Drummers pound in syncopation with a color code , and singers perform with a real microphone as the words stream across the screen , their voices blending with the real artists ' . They pat the microphone to simulate a tambourine . Tsujimoto of Something Ridiculous said "  Rock Band " demands a degree of dexterity similar to "  Dance Dance Revolution , " in which participants match dance steps with flashing colored lights . "  Rock Band " does n't quite put one onstage at Madison Square Garden . Computer-generated characters do the prancing and preening . Players can choose from among such archetypes as the muscular punk , the earthy babe and the mop-topped pretty boy . Strong performances earn bands a classier virtual tour bus and better venues in the video game . Something for everyone The fantasy is all some need . The newly hooked Mary Tchamkina , 24 , says it fulfills her long-held dream of being able to play the drums . She had never tried a video game before "  Rock Band . " Others like that the game begs for participation in a social setting -- in the living room or garage with friends , or at a bar with strangers . Even though bands can compete , the vibe has been more communal than cutthroat at the Living Room Lounge . "  It 's all about fun as long as people are feeling it , " Darce Grillo says . "  If you compete , you do n't have fun . " Roy Tumminia , a 25-year-old Staten Island sanitation worker , plays "  Rock Band " with colleagues between garbage runs . Jared Fletcher , Tchamkina 's boyfriend , used "  Rock Band " in his apartment as a perk when advertising for a prospective roommate . The explosion of virtual performance is "  bringing a whole new crowd into the rock scene , " says Tumminia . "  Rock Band " and its "  Guitar Hero " forebears are attracting non-gamers as well , says Brian Crecente , editor of the gaming blog Kotaku.com and a judge at the Spike TV Video Game Awards . He hosted a charity event in Denver where "  Rock Band " was the featured entertainer . "  It 's so big because it gives people a chance who do not have musical talent to play like they have musical talent , " Crecente says . "  It tricks you into thinking you 're pulling off that amazing solo . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Ron Dicker is a New York-based freelance writer who covered sports for The New York Times from 1996 to 2005 .	"  Rock Band " video game has many fans Game lets non-musical people perform as if they have talent Winners get a classier virtual tour bus , better venues Players pick character -- punk , earthy babe , pretty boy
Washington  CNN  -- After weeks of military analysts examining the latest North Korean rocket before and after its failed launch , the focus now has turned to a truck . It 's not just any truck . It 's known as a "  transporter , erector , launcher , " TEL for short , and is designed to move a long-range missile into place , stand it upright and launch it from just about anywhere in North Korea . The truck was spotted in a military parade in Pyongyang last weekend with what experts say is a new long-range rocket on board . The United Nations is investigating if the TEL came from China in violation of U.N. resolutions , a U.S. official tells CNN . The U.N. Security Council committee that monitors implementation of the sanctions on North Korea is investigating , the official said . The investigation was first reported by Jane 's Defense Weekly . Asked about the TEL during a hearing Thursday of the House Armed Services committee , Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said , "  I 'm sure there 's been some help coming from China . I do n't know , you know , the exact extent of that . " Anthony Cordesman of the Center for Strategic and International Studies agrees . "  There is no question that there is a long history in the past of Chinese and North Korea cooperation on missile technology . " But he cautioned that "  until you can absolutely confirm that the system was made in China and is a violation of the missile technology regime , that does not mean that because something came out of China it 's a violation of any of China 's agreements . " Charles Vick , a missile analyst for GlobalSecurity.org , points out the truck may not have been made in China . "  It may be an offshoot derivation that the Koreans built themselves , but basically it 's the same design , " he said . Or China may have sold the truck to North Korea in the years before the sanctions were in place . "  That is not clear , how it arrived there , but it 's a commercially available tractor truck , " Vick said . As for the rocket/missile the truck was carrying . Few experts are willing to say what was seen in the parade was real , "  I think you create parade missiles for public display that do n't have all the external equipment that 's on them versus the real flight vehicles . " Vick is convinced that the rocket , if there 's a real version , would be an adaptation of old Soviet technology , not a new version of it 's Taepodong-2 . "  This is a new design , a much more compact design . " Cordesman said there is much we do n't know about the rocket . "  There are times when none of us really know since we ca n't look inside the skin , " he said . "  None of us have the faintest idea . First we do n't know if it 's real ,  and  if it is real you need to talk about reliability or the guidance system . " On that point even Panetta , who used to be CIA director , agrees : "  I have to tell you we need , frankly , to get better intelligence as to exactly what those capabilities are , exactly , you know , what 's real and what 's not real here , in order to determine exactly what that threat represents . " But North Korea 's recent failed launch demonstrated that it has made little progress in developing long-range missiles , according to the director of the U.S. Missile Defense Agency . Lt. Gen. Patrick O'Reilly told a congressional committee earlier this week , "  Our experience has been you need a lot of testing and flight testing in order to validate and have reliance in the capability . They do not , and it 's been evident every time they test . And their progress has not been made apparent in this latest flight test . "	Focus turns to truck spotted in Pyongyan military parade Truck is known as a "  transporter , erector , launcher " or TEL U.N. investigating whether the TEL came from China Analyst says Koreans may have built the truck themselves
Chardon , Ohio  CNN  -- Frank Hall insists he 's just a football coach and a study hall teacher , not a hero . But what else do you call someone who , as students crouched for cover and ran for their lives after bullets rang out in the Chardon High School cafeteria , ran at the shooter ? Who kept on chasing him , out the door of the Ohio school , during which witnesses reported another shot being fired ? And who , after all that , headed back into the cafeteria to comfort the victims ? Those questions are more easily answered than why the bloodshed occurred in the first place . Three students died , two others hospitalized and a third got nicked in the ear after being shot by a fellow student , identified by authorities and witnesses as 17-year-old T.J. Lane . T.J. Lane charged with murder As bad it was , many have been credited for possibly preventing even more carnage . A sophomore girl recalled how her math teacher donned a bullet-proof vest , then pulled in a victim accompanied by a pair of other staff members to safety . Others credited the training conducted at the school , situated in a community of about 5,100 people some 30 miles east of Cleveland , with helping staff and students do the right thing and avert further calamity . Hall said the hero label best applies to the law enforcement personnel who burst into the school after news got out about the shooting , as well as those first responders who came in after them to treat the victims . Yet , as much as he deflected the praise , Hall has gotten heaps of it this week . Ninth-grader Ryan Doyle told CNN that as he was ducking under a table after the first shots were fired , he saw Hall running toward the gunman . Another witness , fellow freshman Danny Komertz , said he believed Hall probably saved other students ' lives by acting so decisively to go after the gunman . "  He 's a very brave man , " said Komertz . And U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan put out a statement hours after the shooting crediting "  the extraordinary courage of a teacher " -- later determined to be Hall -- "  who chased the shooter out of the school . " Grief counselors : Finding a ` new normal ' after a school shooting Except for brief earlier statements , Hall broke his public silence at length Thursday during a news conference in Chardon . He did n't mention chasing the alleged gunman , beyond saying that he and others did what they 'd been instructed to do in the case of a mass shooting , "  and it worked . " But he did talk about being with the three teenage boys who eventually succumbed to their injuries -- Daniel Parmertor , 16 , who died Monday ; Demetrius Hewlin , 16 , who died Tuesday morning ; and Russell King Jr. , 17 , who was declared brain dead Tuesday . "  I want you to know I was with them , I prayed with them , I wiped their tears , and I know God was with them , " Hall said , addressing the boys ' families . He extolled and thanked not only law enforcement , but the teachers and support staff at Chardon High "  who went above and beyond , and put the kids before themselves . You 're the best America has to offer . " Their ranks would include Joseph Ricci , a math teacher at the school . Kaylee O'Donnell , a 10th-grader , recalled how Ricci shut the door to his classroom , told students to crouch down at the front of the room , then went into a locker and pulled out a bullet-proof vest . Then , she said , Ricci put on the vest and left the room . Soon thereafter , he brought one of the shooting victims inside the room , talking to him and trying to reassure him until more help came . "  Teachers say ... their job is , if somebody comes in and shoots , they will put their life on the line , " said O'Donnell , describing Ricci as someone who is "  honest , he 's trustworthy  and  you can go to him for anything . " "  You never know it until it actually happens . He showed us , instead of told us . That really amazes me , how brave he was . " Neil Thomas , another student , offered a similar sentiment when reflecting on what Hall had done . Until Monday , Hall was probably best known as a coach -- mentoring quarterbacks and defensive backs for the Hilltoppers , according to a football camp brochure from the program , with board of education notes indicating he has also served as an assistant track coach . Yet Thomas said that Hall 's heart and words resonated with students , making it clear in the past that he 'd do anything for them . It just happens that on Monday , in the worst possible circumstances , he was able to prove it . "  Coach Hall , he always talks about how much he cares about us students , his team and everyone , " said Thomas . "  And I think today he really went out and he proved how much he cared about us . He would take a bullet for us . " In his comments Thursday , Hall again expressed his love for Chardon High 's youngsters -- urging them to show that "  terror and evil do not win out " as they headed back to class with him the next day . "  I ca n't tell you how great these children are , " he said . CNN 's Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	Frank Hall chased an Ohio school gunman from the school , witnesses say But he insists he is not a hero , saying that label applies to first responders A student says , "  He really went out and he proved how much he cared " Coach on boys who died : " ... I was with them , I prayed with them , I wiped their tears "
Washington  CNN  -- At the House Republican strategy session in January , I stood before the Republican Conference and said , "  I am your worst nightmare . " It was a figure of speech , of course , but my point was that our campaign helped change the political equation for winning elections . No longer is it enough to have big-name identification and big money to win . We demonstrated that principles and policy matter , and if you combine that with hard work and dynamic new media , young upstarts can beat incumbents in a big way .  I beat a 12-year incumbent in my own party , winning by 20 points . In order to survive in the current political climate , it 's paramount to be on the cutting edge of technical trends . As a young freshman , it is challenging to distinguish myself among 434 other members . If I want to be relevant and productive , I have to work hard to get my message across . Using social media is a great way to do just that . I stay in contact with people through Facebook , Twitter and YouTube . Other members of Congress have also jumped aboard the Online Express . These days , even John McCain is all-a-twitter over new social media . See the latest episode of "  Freshman Year " Granted , my "  tweets " will not replace town hall meetings or direct mail , but social media is an important outreach supplement . People like feeling connected to their elected officials . Residents of my district want their voices to be heard and want to be a part of the political process . It has been very important to me that my constituents do n't have to wade through layers of bureaucracy to reach me . My Facebook page , for example , hosts hundreds of interactions each week from "  supporters . " I post frequently and engage in the comments . I never outsource this type of communication to staff . It 's done entirely by me . That kind of attention builds trust with people . They know what I really think , and they develop a connection with me -- even if we disagree . Twitter has become a particularly useful tool for me . I often tweet several times a day . Followers get an inside look at not only my job , but also my personality -- and sometimes my appetite . When I came to Washington as a newly elected member of Congress , I got a few headlines for bringing a cot to sleep on in my office . Taking my inspiration from FDR 's Fireside Chats in the 1930s and '40s , I began producing "  Cotside Chats " that are featured on my Web site . These chats give me the opportunity to talk directly with my constituents about the issues I think are important . Social media is a two-way street . It 's a great way to deliver a message , and it 's free . It also provides me with opportunities to listen to what is going on in the real world in real time . With today 's easy Internet access and the surging popularity of social networking , there 's no excuse for politicians to remain in the 20th century . For me , embracing new media and increasing the accessibility for my constituents is a winning formula . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Chaffetz .	Rep. Jason Chaffetz : Campaigns today are driven by use of social media He says using social media is a great way to get a message out He says constituents want to hear from their representatives , and they want to talk back
After learning that Ashton Kutcher had landed in the hospital trying to follow Steve Jobs ' all-fruit diet , CNN reader Sumday had just one question : "  All I really wanted to know was why this diet was bad ? " Jobs first fell for extreme diets during his freshman year of college , according to Walter Isaacson 's biography "  Steve Jobs . " Jobs and his college friend Daniel Kottke became vegetarians after reading "  Diet for a Small Planet . " Then Jobs read "  Mucusless Diet Healing System " by Arnold Ehret ; Ehret believed in eating nothing but fruits and starchless vegetables like spinach , carrots and cucumbers . Jobs began with two-day fruit fasts , eventually going for a week or more . "  I got into it in my typical nutso way , " Jobs told Isaacson . Ehret 's fruitarian diet , also called the Eden Garden Diet or Ehretism , is often used as a type of cleanse , according to LiveStrong.com . Designed to detoxify the system , it can do more long-term harm than good . When you only eat fruit , you 're excluding a lot of valuable nutrients from your diet , says Marisa Moore , registered dietician and spokeswoman for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics . "  Protein is one of the main ones that comes to mind , " she says . "  Without protein  you lose body weight . Protein acts like a building block for your muscles and skin and organs . " The same goes for fats , Moore says . Although they often get demonized , fats play an important role in our hormone levels and brain function . Kutcher told reporters at the Sundance Film Festival that he ended up in the hospital with pancreas levels that were "  completely out of whack . " Steve Jobs movie premieres to mixed reviews Fruit contains a lot of natural sugar , which needs to be controlled by insulin in the body , Moore says . It 's the pancreas ' job to release that insulin ; Kutcher 's pancreas may have been overworked if his body was receiving an overload of sugar . Many readers wondered if an all-fruit diet could have led to Jobs ' pancreatic cancer , which led to his death in October 2011 . Scientists do n't know what causes pancreatic cancer , according to the American Cancer Society . Certain inherited DNA mutations might play a role , as well as chemicals in our environment or diet . Even if you do n't overwork your pancreas , you 're probably not eating enough calories on an all-fruit diet , Moore says . That puts the body into starvation mode , which can result in serious medical conditions like osteoporosis , severe dehydration and even heart failure , according to the National Eating Disorders Association . Here 's the bottom line : Fruit is natural . It 's nutritious . The government recommends eating 1 to 2 cups of it a day . Just do n't go all "  nutso " on it .	Ashton Kutcher is playing Steve Jobs in Joshua Michael Stern 's biopic "  Jobs " Kutcher ended up in the hospital after trying to follow Jobs ' all-fruit diet All-fruit meals can exclude valuable nutrients from your diet , nutritionist says
CNN  -- Anthony Pilkington was rejected by Manchester United as a youth player , and Alex Ferguson claims he does n't even remember the player 's time at Old Trafford . But the 24-year-old made a point to the veteran manager on Saturday , scoring the only goal as his Norwich team knocked United off the top of the English Premier League . Norwich 's 1-0 home win left United a point behind rivals Manchester City , who earlier thrashed Aston Villa 5-0 . "  We 've been a bit more ruthless and we 're putting our chances away ; maybe we could have had another one at the end to make it a bit more comfortable , " said Pilkington , whose 60th-minute header inflicted United 's third league defeat in 12 matches and lifted Norwich up to 13th . "  It 's a great day for Norwich and it 's a massive win for us . We 've been performing well over the last couple of weeks and we showed today that we could beat the team that is probably the best in the league . " United went into the match without England striker Wayne Rooney , who was ill , and could not continue a remarkable run of come-from-behind victories . "  They deserved the win just because they worked so hard for it , " Ferguson said . "  The players are used to making comebacks and we 're always a threat in the last minutes of matches . We had a lot of half-chances but it just was n't our night . " Manchester City face an early European exit if Wednesday 's home clash with Real Madrid ends in anything but victory , but the EPL champions picked up a morale-boosting win as Argentine forwards Sergio Aguero and Carlos Tevez scored twice each against a Villa side who dropped into the relegation zone . David Silva opened the scoring before halftime , while Tevez and Aguero both netted from the penalty spot once as City remained the only unbeaten team in the division . "  For us it is very important we start to play well and in the last two games we have scored six goals with our strikers , " said manager Roberto Mancini . "  I think we have been missing their goals . " Third-placed Chelsea 's title hopes continued to fade with a 2-1 defeat at this season 's surprise team , West Bromwich Albion . Roberto di Matteo 's side have now failed to win in four league games , and this setback came in the Italian 's first return to the club that sacked him in 2009 . Chelsea 's defeat at the same ground in March ended the reign of manager Andre Villas-Boas , and his assistant Di Matteo stepped up to take charge and preside over a historic first Champions League title . The London club 's chances of progressing to the last 16 of this season 's European competition could hinge on getting a result from Tuesday 's trip to Juventus in the penultimate match of the group stage . West Brom moved up to fourth to continue the fine start made by new manager Steve Clarke , who spent four years at Chelsea as assistant manager to first Jose Mourinho and then Avram Grant . Chelsea , missing injured captain John Terry , went behind to Shane Long 's 10th-minute header but midfielder Eden Hazard leveled six minutes before halftime . However , Nigeria forward Peter Odemwingie nodded the home team ahead just five minutes after the break from a cross by Ireland striker Long as West Brom held on for a sixth win from seven at the Hawthorns . Everton dropped to fifth after a 2-1 defeat at Reading that lifted the promoted team out of the bottom three on goal difference . Striker Adam Le Fondre scored both goals in Reading 's first top-flight win since May 2008 , after Everton led through Scotland forward Steven Naismith . Everton went into the match without influential veteran Phil Neville , who has been ruled out for up to two months following knee surgery . Arsenal closed on the top four with a dramatic 5-2 north London derby win against Tottenham , who had Emmanuel Adebayor sent off after giving the visitors the lead against his former club . The Togo striker netted his first goal for Spurs this season from close range but then saw red after a two-footed lunge on Santi Cazorla . Arsenal took full advantage as defender Per Mertesacker headed in , fellow German Lukas Podolski scrambled a second and France forward Olivier Giroud also scored before halftime . Spain midfielder Cazorla made it 4-1 before Gareth Bale reduced the deficit but England international Theo Walcott boosted his hopes of a new contract as he ensured a repeat of last season 's scoreline . Spurs dropped to eighth , two points behind their rivals and one behind seventh-placed West Ham -- who host Stoke on Monday . Swansea claimed 10th place with a 2-1 win over Newcastle , who went into the match threatening legal action against Senegal 's national federation after Papiss Cisse was refused permission to play . The striker did not travel to Niger for a midweek friendly due to a back injury , so Senegal invoked FIFA 's five-day rule that stops players from missing internationals and returning immediately to play for their clubs . "  I love playing for my country and would only withdraw from a squad -- for either a friendly or competitive game -- for a genuine reason , " Cisse said . "  I am fully supportive of the position my club has adopted in this matter and am sorry that the Federation seem to doubt my honesty and integrity . I will now consider if I wish to continue to captain my country . " Spanish striker Michu and Canadian Jonathan de Guzman put Swansea ahead before a late consolation from Cisse 's compatriot Demba Ba -- the forward 's eighth league goal this season . Liverpool moved up to 11th with a 3-0 win over Wigan as Luis Suarez continued his goalscoring run -- and again ran into controversy . The Uruguay striker netted a double to move to the top of the EPL charts with 10 , but was accused by Wigan manager Roberto Martinez of stamping on David Jones . "  The first finish is probably the real clinical one and a sign of a top player , " Martinez said . "  He was very fortunate because it was a stamp which the referee did n't see , and that was n't the sign of a top player . " Queens Park Rangers lost 3-1 at home to second-bottom Southampton , leaving Mark Hughes ' team four points adrift at the foot of the table as the Welshman battles to save his job .	Manchester City move to top of English Premier League with 5-0 win over Aston Villa Rivals Manchester United drop to second after losing 1-0 to Norwich City Third-placed Chelsea suffer 2-1 defeat away to surprise team West Brom Arsenal win 5-2 in London derby with Tottenham , who have a player sent off
CNN  -- Yahoo has announced a plan to "  recycle " old e-mail addresses , a move meant to free up accounts for folks who want them but that has sparked privacy concerns . In a blog post , senior vice president Jay Rossiter announced that Yahoo e-mail accounts that have been dormant for more than a year will be reset so that active users can have access to them . "  If you 're like me , you want a Yahoo! ID that 's short , sweet , and memorable like albert@yahoo.com instead of albert9330399@yahoo.com, " he wrote . The one-year period will officially begin July 15 , when users can "  claim " a dormant account name . They 'll find out in mid-August if they got the account they wanted . It 's clearly an effort by Yahoo , which has been working to redefine and rejuvenate itself under new CEO Marissa Mayer , to re-engage older users and reward active ones . But it has security experts nervous . Security analyst Graham Cluley does n't mince words . "  In short : as an idea it sucks , and it shows Yahoo 's lack of respect to customers who created accounts with them in years gone by , " Cluley wrote Wednesday . Cluley lists several scenarios where the plan could backfire . They include situations in which a user has another primary e-mail account , but has given their Yahoo address as a backup in case of security situations , lost passwords and the like . He said the move appears to be "  an underhanded way to get people to re-engage with the site " and that people who may not actively use their Yahoo mail , but use it to store old messages and other documents , could lose them without ever realizing it . Mat Honan of CNN content partner Wired , himself the recent victim of a high-profile hack , called the move "  a spectacularly bad idea . " In the wake of such complaints , Yahoo released a followup statement saying it 's sure the transition can be made without compromising security . "  We 're committed and confident in our ability to do this in a way that 's safe , secure and protects our users ' data , " the company said . The vast majority of inactive Yahoo IDs do n't have a mailbox associated with them , the company said , and any personal data associated with the accounts will be deleted . During a 30-day deactivation period , bounce-back e-mails will alert senders that the deactivated account no longer exists and Yahoo will unsubscribe those accounts from newsletters , commercial e-mail alerts and the like . Businesses , financial institutions , social networks and other e-mail providers will be sent notifications about e-mail addresses that have been deactivated . See also : Behind Yahoo 's Tumblr gamble	Yahoo will "  recycle " dormant account names and e-mail addresses The move is meant to free up attractive IDs for active users Security experts fear this could jeopardize privacy Yahoo is "  committed and confident " the transition will be safe
CNN  -- The grim stories of two women who endured long-stretches of solitary confinement in Iran 's most notorious prison are chilling omens for the two jailed U.S. hikers who each reportedly received an eight-year prison sentence on Saturday . Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer have been abused and assaulted in Evin Prison , their friend Sarah Shourd said in a BBC interview in June . Evin is noted for its harsh conditions and its wing for political prisoners . "  My worst fear is that they 're not safe , " said Shourd , who was arrested with Fattal and Bauer in July 2009 but was freed for medical reasons in September after 410 days of solitary confinement . The two men were sentenced on charges of spying and illegal entry . Shourd said a guard at Evin was furious that Fattal took extra food and pushed him down the stairs . The guard repeatedly threw Bauer -- Shourd 's fiance -- against a wall of his cell until his head began bleeding . She said the three had feared that they would be executed soon after they were arrested , when a guard began cocking his gun . In July 2009 , Shourd , Fattal , and Bauer were hiking in Iraq 's autonomous Kurdish area along the border with Iran when they were arrested by Iranian police . Shourd said they accidentally strayed across the border . Iranian authorities say the three crossed into Iran illegally . Twice , they feared for their lives as guards loaded them into a vehicle to a mysterious location and cocked their weapons , Shourd said . Terrified , they held hands , cried out and begged for their lives . In September , Shourd spoke to CNN 's "  American Morning " about her stint at Evin , where she was in solitary confinement . She said she got through the ordeal of imprisonment by thinking of her mother and loved ones and "  just knowing I had to come back to them , you know , bruised but unbroken . " As she wept while prison guards slammed the door of her cell and walked away , Shourd understood what Fattal and Bauer were coping with . "  I can see them in their cramped little cell with very little sunlight and they only get out an hour a day and , you know , they exercise side by side on a space like the size of a towel . " Asked whether she was physically abused , she said no . "  It is all psychological . And it 's just the hardest thing , of course , is being so alienated from your family . " She remembers how she begged to make a phone call , a request that was finally granted seven months into her captivity . "  By the time I got a phone call , I lost hope that it was going to happen , " she told CNN . "  There 's just so many ups and downs . You think it will be over and then it goes on and on and on . " American journalist Roxana Saberi also spent time in solitary confinement at Evin and spent hours thinking : Is it going to ever end ? "  I felt anger toward God , as well . I said , ` Why are you punishing me ? Why do n't you save me ? ' " Saberi told CNN 's "  American Morning " in September . She was sentenced to eight years in prison but was released after 100 days in May 2009 . She said the ordeal was a hard one . "  When you 're alone , you feel helpless . You might feel hopeless . At first you might be in a state of denial . You ask or tell yourself : ' I ca n't accept this . It is just a nightmare . It is going to end . ' " Saberi never knew whether she would be able to speak with her lawyer or when she might see her parents again . She spent her 32nd birthday in jail , in the midst of a hunger strike . She chose to stop eating because her body was the only thing she could control . It was her only weapon against the regime . The Iranians promised her freedom if she would admit she was a spy . They threatened her to keep her silent about her time in Evin . Saberi said she was threatened by her captors if she spoke about "  certain things . " One guard told her he would sign her death warrant . She said they told her : "  I think you 've seen how capable we are . We have agents all over the world and we can find you anywhere . You might be reporting in Afghanistan and we can kill you and make it look like you died in a car accident . "	Iran 's Evin Prison has a reputation as a dismal , dangerous place Sarah Shourd said Fattal and Bauer were roughed up Journalist Roxana Saberi was held for 100 days at Evin Saberi says she was threatened during her imprisonment
CNN  -- Buzz Aldrin is used to traveling on high-profile missions . His 240,000-mile trip to the moon on July 20 , 1969 , set the precedent . On Thursday , Aldrin is hitching a ride aboard Air Force One to Cape Canaveral 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida at the invitation of President Obama , White House spokesman Nick Shapiro said . It appears to be just one of the perks for being on Obama 's side of the controversy over the president 's new space program , which cancels former President George W. Bush 's plan to return U.S. astronauts to the moon by 2020 . Aldrin supports Obama 's new space policy , and over the last 48 hours , the White House has made extraordinary efforts publicizing his position . Aides flooded the White House press corps Wednesday with e-mails , forwarding Aldrin 's letter to the president . In the letter , Aldrin writes , "  As an Apollo astronaut , I know full well the importance of always exploring new frontiers and tackling new challenges as we explore space . The simple truth is that we have already been to the Moon -- some 40 years ago . What this nation needs in order to maintain its position as the 21st century leader in space exploration is a near-term focus on lowering the cost of access to space and on developing key , cutting-edge technologies that will take us further and faster . ... The President 's program will help us be in this endeavor for the long haul and will allow us to again push our boundaries to achieve new and challenging things beyond Earth . " Aldrin has an op-ed Thursday in USA Today reinforcing his stance . Putting Aldrin in the spotlight is critical for the White House , which finds itself , so far , on the losing end of the public relations battle . Those opposing Obama 's new space policy have tremendous prestige . They include Neil Armstrong , the first man to walk the moon ; Jim Lovell , the commander of the famous Apollo 13 flight ; and Gene Cernan , the last human to step on the moon 's surface . The three astronauts sent an open letter to Obama calling his plan "  devastating " to the U.S. space program . They write that "  while the President 's plan envisages humans traveling away from Earth and perhaps toward Mars at some time in the future , the lack of developed rockets and spacecraft will assure that ability will not be available for many years . Without the skill and experience that actual spacecraft operation provides , the USA is far too likely to be on a long downhill slide to mediocrity . America must decide if it wishes to remain a leader in space . ... " When asked if the president received Armstrong 's open letter criticizing his new approach to human space exploration , a White House official said , "  I do n't think we ever got it . " But the White House is getting the message that a lot of people are worried about Obama 's new direction in space exploration , so Obama is making the trip to Kennedy Space Center , with supporter Aldrin as his wingman .	Apollo astronaut getting a lift to Kennedy Space Center as president hopes for PR lift Aldrin says he backs Obama plan "  lowering the cost of access to space " Obama proposal cancels Bush plan to return U.S. astronauts to moon by 2020 Three other astronauts call new plan "  devastating " to the U.S. space program
CNN  -- Andy Schleck drew a line under his row with leader Alberto Contador after France 's Pierrick Fedrigo fought off a challenge from Lance Armstrong to win stage 16 of the Tour de France . Defending champion Contador , from Spain , retained his eight-second lead over Luxembourg 's Schleck on Tuesday after the previous day 's ` chain reaction ' controversy . Contador apologized to his rival after sprinting ahead when Schleck dropped his chain during an attack on the stage 's final climb . The Spaniard ignored the Tour 's sporting traditions by refusing to wait and was booed by the crowd . After gaining 39 seconds Contador issued an apology on Youtube , while Schleck vowed to take his revenge . Contador learns winning is n't everything But after finishing the 199.5 km stage between Bagnere-de-Luchon and Pau on Tuesday Schleck diffused the situation , turning his attention to Thursday 's crucial Tourmalet stage , where he will bid to snatch the lead from Contador . He told the Tour 's official website : "  I have n't seen the footage of Alberto 's apology but he came to me today and personally apologized and I appreciate that a lot . "  He knows that he made a mistake yesterday ; he should n't have done that , he knows it and , for me , that 's enough now . This case is closed and people should stop with it and move on . Nobody deserves to be chastised endlessly . "  I 'm still motivated but it 's not like it 's revenge . I just want to win this Tour -- that 's my goal -- and I know there 's only one chance left and that 's the Tourmalet -LSB- on Thursday -RSB- . I think I can do it . I hope I can do it . " Contador added : "  Today I talked with Andy because I wanted to make things clear . We have always had good relations and I do not want them to be damaged by what happened yesterday . "  We have explained ourselves and I think our relationship can become as good as it was before . " Fedrigo , from the Bbox team , outsprinted a seven-strong group , including six-time winner Armstrong , to record his third stage victory on the Tour . See Contador 's Youtube apology here He finished ahead of compatriot Sandy Casar and Spain 's Ruben Plaza , while Armstrong took sixth place . It is now five years since the American 's last stage victory . Carlos Barredo made the first dash for the line with more than 40km to go in the stage , but he ran out of steam and was caught by Fedrigo 's group with a little over 1km to go . As Fedrigo burst from the line Armstrong tried to keep pace but could n't maintain his challenge . He told reporters afterwards : "  It was harder than I expected . It 's been a while since I sprinted and I was just not quick enough . " Fedrigo was delighted with his win . He told the Tour 's official website : "  I would have been very disappointed to finish this Tour without finding myself in a position to play to win . I was really afraid of not succeeding . "  The Tour passes so quickly and so far I did not answer the call I 'd issued myself . Last night I even cracked a little and my nerves were a bit frayed . But perhaps that 's what I needed in order to regain confidence . "  In the end , -LSB- Lance -RSB- Armstrong told me that he would not cooperate with me because he knew I was the fastest group . "	Luxembourg 's Andy Schleck ends his row with Tour de France rival Alberto Contador Contador gained 39 seconds after Schleck dropped his chain on Monday France 's Pierrick Fedrigo wins stage 16 of the Tour Fedrigo held off a late challenge from six-time Tour winner Lance Armstrong
CNN  -- They call it "  Stinky Thursday . " In Greek , "  Tsiknopempti . " It 's a lot more appetizing than it sounds . Tsikna describes the mouthwatering aroma of lamb and pork , seasoned with rosemary , as it 's grilled or slowly spit-roasted . Every February this smell fills the air in Limassol , Cyprus . It 's a signal that Limassol Carnival , the liveliest , most colorful event of the year on the island , is around the corner . Limassol 's big festival -- running this year from February 20 to March 2 -- has to be spectacular to stand out . Cyprus 's calendar is crammed with festivals celebrating everything from wine and food to drama and dance . Cure for the winter blues For many visitors from colder climates , Carnival is a welcoming , dazzling antidote to the winter blues . "  Limassol Carnival makes us forget our problems for a while , have fun and laugh with our hearts , " says Limassol-born photographer Marios Vrioni . Vrioni now lives in Lefkosia , the Cypriot capital  "  Nicosia " is often used in English  but returns to his native city every year for Carnival , along with a group of friends . Greek Cypriots like to claim Carnival comes from their Hellenic heritage . Some say it goes all the way back to pre-Christian times , to the ancient Greek festival dedicated to Dionysus , god of wine and merrymaking . In its present incarnation it 's a legacy of the Venetians who ruled the island in the 15th and 16th centuries , with a special Cypriot spin . Big blast before Lent Like Carnival in Venice , Cyprus 's version is part of a long Christian tradition of enjoying a final blast of self indulgence before the austerity and fasting of the Lenten period . It begins 10 days before Lent , at the beginning of Kreatini or "  meat week " -- the last chance for devout Orthodox Cypriots to tuck into a tasty platter of grilled souvla , or even a humble kebab , until Easter . Everybody gets in on the act , with the city 's brass band and groups of drummers and mandolin-toting kantadoroi "  serenaders " accompanying the Carnival King  or Queen  . That monarch 's entrance parade opens the festivities on Shrove Thursday . More musicians and dancers fill Limassol 's streets and squares throughout the event . "  I 've been going to the Limassol Carnival for the past three years , " says Limassol resident Penelope Hearns , who runs the Cyprus Expat website . "  It 's smaller -LSB- than a Carnival like Rio -RSB- , but for me that 's part of the charm -- it 's accessible , friendly , and everyone can join in , " Hearns says . "  And you do n't have to book a room or tickets years in advance -- most of the events that the municipality puts on are free . " Grueling parade Dressing up for the parades can be grueling , though , Hearns says . "  Those costumes can get very hot , and the Grand Parade lasts for seven or eight hours . " Traditionally , the parades have an element of satire , with Carnival floats and costumed marchers making a colorful comment on current affairs . Kleon Alexandrou , Limassol Municipality 's carnival organizer , says that since the event 's rebirth 120 years ago it 's turned into "  possibly the only Carnival parade in the world that focuses on satirizing the current economic , social and political issues of the country . " The Carnival "  monarch " in 2013 was the "  Queen of crisis ... and bliss " -- a reminder to keep smiling even during difficult times . A vast papier-machÃ © effigy of German chancellor Angela Merkel -- blamed by many Cypriots for the country 's economic troubles -- had a float all to herself . Balladeers , too , sing comic songs that take the mickey out of politicians and world figures . Generosity rules Generosity reigns throughout the carnival period . Participants in the Serenaders ' Parade -- which takes place on the last Saturday of Carnival -- are plied with local wines to encourage them to join in the singing and dancing . During the second week -- Tyrini , or "  Cheese Week " -- local tavernas and delis compete to offer free samples of cheesy treats such as bourekia , deep-fried pastries filled with spiced and sweetened anari cheese . Events take place in Limassol every day during carnival season . Limassol Municipality hosts at least five masked balls , including an open-air ball on Heroon Square in the city center , and others in the grand ballrooms of the city 's big hotels . Rent a costume There are plenty of places to buy or rent colorful outfits and elaborate masks . For most visitors to Limassol , the high point is the second Sunday of Apokreo . On this final day of celebrations , the Grand Carnival Parade of elaborately  and eccentrically  decorated floats accompanies the "  royal " entourage along Archbishop Makarios III Avenue , accompanied by as many as 100 teams of costumed carnivalists . Each group chooses a different costume each year . Some are bought off the peg , others are lovingly hand made . Clowns , cowboys , pirates , dragons , ancient Greeks and medieval knights are popular themes , and you can expect to see bands of film and pop stars along with characters from the year 's hit movies and musicals . Village People , Lady Gaga Last year 's parade featured the surreal sight of hordes of Michael Jackson and Lady Gaga lookalikes marching alongside Village People-style construction workers and characters from "  Phantom of the Opera " and the "  Toy Story " films . Most people watching the parade will be dressed up too , or at least masked , so even as a spectator , you 'll feel undressed in everyday wear . At Magazaki Costumes  Gregory Afxentiou 24 , parodos Agias Filoxeas , Limassol 3012  , you can get fitted out as an 18th century duke or duchess , a traditional Cypriot dancer , a cowboy or a 1920s flapper . More information on the Limassol Carnival is available on the official website .	Dazzling Limassol Carnival is Cyprus 's liveliest event Roots may go back to festival of Dionysus , ancient god of wine Carnival specializes in political satire -- Angela Merkel had her own float last year
CNN  -- The Black Eyed Peas have joined a growing list of artists and celebrities calling attention to the disaster in Japan . The group shot their latest music video for the single "  Just Ca n't Get Enough " in Tokyo a few days before the 9.0-magnitude earthquake and the resulting tsunami rocked the island nation . The video opens : "  This video was filmed in Japan one week before the earthquake . Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the people of Japan . We love you . " The video closes with a link to the Red Cross . The video is scheduled to premier this week and the group will perform the song on "  American Idol " Thursday night . The international aid agency appeared to be the charity of choice among celebs . Many are encouraging their fan bases to make donations via text message . "  Imagine ... if we ALL texted REDCROSS to 90999 we 'd have raised over 60million dollars for #JAPAN REFLIEF ! BE THE CHANGE YOU WANT TO SEE ! BE ! , " said a post on singer Katy Perry 's Twitter account this week . Likewise , rapper P. Diddy , talk show host Conan O'Brien and R&B singer Chris Brown implored their followers to help the victims of the disaster . Lady Gaga is taking a different approach , selling red-and-white "  We pray for Japan " wristbands , which feature an image of the singer 's monster paw gesture . "  Little Monsters , show your support for Japan with this ` We Pray For Japan ' wristband ! " her website said , encouraging her fans to donate . "  All proceeds go directly to Japan relief efforts . " Mike Shinoda of Linkin Park has designed a T-shirt to benefit Music for Relief 's Tsunami Relief in Japan . Donations of $ 10 can be made by texting "  MFR " to 85944 . Music for Relief also established a fund after the Haiti earthquake . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report	Black Eyed Peas use video to push fans to Red Cross website Linkin Park designs T-shirts to raise money for Japan relief Lady Gaga offers a wristband Celebrity Twitter accounts spread the message
CNN  -- This season has been very good to NBC . ABC , CBS and Fox -- not so much . This year 's television season is only a few weeks old , but there are already signs about how it 's shaping up in the ratings . The news is not good . For the first three weeks of the 2012-2013 season , according to Ad Age , ABC , CBS and Fox are all down by double-digits in the key 18-49 demo , which helps sell advertising Only NBC is up . Fortunes for The CW , the netlet co-owned by Warner Bros. and CBS , are still unclear . Is network TV dying ? According to Robert Thompson , director of The Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University , it 's not that simple . "  Network TV is certainly not where it was back in the years of the ` Milton Berle Show , ' " he said . But he added that the major networks still have the most money , and can grab the most eyeballs , even if viewers have scrambled their viewing habits . It 's not that no one is watching TV -- it 's just that they 're watching it across many different platforms , like laptops and tablets or through streaming services like Hulu . In this "  multichannel universe , narrow-casting is the order of the day , " Thompson said . With so many options , people tend to seek out what 's tailored to their tastes , which helps explain the explosion of cable channels since the 1980s . In 2009 , they accounted for more than 40 percent of household viewing , according to Nielsen , while networks made up 25 percent . "  The Walking Dead " is one of TV 's biggest shows , dominating its time slot and the cultural conversation -- and it 's on AMC . By comparison , Thompson said , part of the networks ' problem has been a lack of "  big new things : " the shows that can pull people back to their couches . In 2011 , it was "  The Voice " on NBC ; in 2009 , it was ABC 's "  Modern Family . " "  It 's not that this year they said no to the next ` Modern Family ' and chose the wrong thing , " Thompson said . "  It may be that the next ` Modern Family ' did n't present itself . " Of the 20 new shows launched by the five major networks this year , only one of them -- "  Revolution " on NBC -- has been an overachiever , by debuting big and staying that way . Season-to-date , its 18-49 rating is almost twice NBC 's average , according to TVByTheNumbers.com . It may be no coincidence that this year 's success stories are genre shows , like the post-apocalyptic "  Revolution " and the post-apocalyptic "  Walking Dead , " or even The CW 's "  Arrow , " about a brooding , hooded superhero . The success of "  The Voice , " meanwhile , means viewers remain open to big , splashy reality and competition shows , Thompson said , even if NBC risks overexposing the show . The networks still have the benefit of a lot of marketing and production muscle : their shows can be bigger and their ads can be louder . Some of the buzziest programming however , including ABC 's nuclear sub thriller "  Last Resort " and its country music soap "  Nashville , " is also some of the lowest-rated . Thompson suggested that prestige programming is now better left to cable and the smaller , more passionate audiences who flock there . Sitcoms are still bustling , even if several high-profile fall launches  Fox 's freshman "  The Mindy Project , " ABC 's pairing of returning comedies "  Happy Endings " and "  Do n't Trust the B -- in Apartment 23 "  have n't broken through . It does n't matter , Thompson said : comedy properties are full of potential -- not just in primetime , but in syndication , where they can be replayed at hefty prices for years . Ad Age 's annual survey of TV commercial prices , released at the end of October and based on pre-season estimates , backs up Thompson 's claim : seven of the 10 costliest shows are comedies , including "  Modern Family , " Fox 's "  New Girl " and CBS ' "  The Big Bang Theory . " "  The first three things on my Top 10 list of things to do would be develop half-hour comedies , develop half-hour comedies , develop half-hour comedies , " Thompson said . Meanwhile , the networks are in a "  holding pattern , " waiting for the next big thing to stop the slide , he said . The trick is finding them . "  The content is everything , " Thompson said . "  In the end whether people are going to watch hits on their laptops or five days later on their DVRs or watch it the old way , if you get a big hit like a ` Survivor ' or a ` CSI ' when it was at its peak , then you 're going to be fine . "	This year 's fall TV season has been good to NBC Fox , ABC and CBS are struggling in comparison Part of the problem is a lack of "  big new things " One thing that is working for networks are sitcoms
Apart from having one of the coolest names in the tech industry , Padmasree Warrior stands out among Silicon Valley 's big-wigs . The Indian-born woman has been hotly-tipped as the next chief of the world 's largest maker of data networking systems -- Cisco Systems -- the company behind everything from your computer 's router to wireless access points . She is currently Cisco 's Chief Technology and Strategy Officer , an organization boasting an eye-watering $ 47 billion in revenue . As one of the most influential people working in the technology industry today , it 's little wonder Forbes named Warrior the 57th most powerful woman in the world . Here are five things you might not know about Warrior , who has also served on the board of Chicago 's prestigious Joffrey Ballet . She studied chemicals , not computers . Warrior received a degree in chemical engineering in Delhi , before continuing her studies in New York . The young graduate thought she 'd eventually go back home to teach -- it was n't to be . Warrior took a job at telecommunications company Motorola in 1984 , and later joined Cisco in 2007 . "  I now run an internet technology company that has nothing to do with chemicals , " she told CNN 's Nina dos Santos . "  At no point in life have I waited for the perfect job to show up ... because there 's no such thing . " She planned to stay at Motorola 12 months -- and left 23 years later . During her two decades at Motorola , Warrior rose to the ranks of executive vice president . While there , the company was awarded the prestigious 2004 National Medal of Technology and Innovation -- the first time in the organization 's history . In 2014 , it 's harder to keep up with new technology than ever before , says Warrior . "  I 've been in the tech industry for almost 20 years , but I feel right now is probably the most significant time -- not only is the pace of change so fast , but the magnitude of change is huge . " Yes , she does log off -- and meditates . Just because you 're leading one of the biggest computer equipment companies on the planet , does n't mean you have to be constantly plugged-in . At the end of each day , mother-of-one Warrior apparently turns off all her electronics and finds 20 minutes to meditate . She 's a Twitter pro . Warrior has a whopping 1.4 million Twitter followers , including U.S. President Barack Obama . She gives followers an insight into her world outside of the office , posting images of her paintings , novels she 's reading , and even her weekend fashion choices using the hashtag #warriorstyle . This is the best career advice she 's ever received : "  I was a manager and really thinking about taking the next step to become a director . And I was hesitating , asking myself ` Is it too much responsibility ? ' My husband worked , and we had a young son at home , and I was n't sure if I was ready to commit . And my boss at the time , who was making me the offer , said : "  You know , sometimes when there 's a door open you just have to push through and walk in . " Inspire : TV president rewriting rules for the digital age Debate : Is Sheryl Sandberg wrong on ` bossy ' ban ?	Meet Padmasree Warrior , executive at Cisco , world-leader in networking equipment Hotly-tipped to be next boss of company , once CEO John Chambers retires Indian-born executive is 57th Most Powerful Woman in the World , according to Forbes Big on Twitter , with 1.4 million followers , including U.S. President Barack Obama
CNN  -- Opener Shane Watson hammered a world record 15 sixes in a one-day innings as he helped Australia defeat Bangladesh by nine wickets in their second one-day international in Dhaka . Watson , who went on to make a career-best 185 not out , also smashed 15 fours in his 96-ball innings , as Australia needed just 26 overs to reach 232-1 in reply the hosts ' 229-7 in their 50 overs . The all-rounder bettered by three the previous sixes mark of 12 held by Xavier Marshall of the West Indies against Canada in 2008 . The 29-year-old also broke the record for the most runs scored via boundaries  150  in a single innings , beating the previous mark of 126 set by South African Herschelle Gibbs . Watson 's innings was also the highest by an Australian in one-day internationals , beating the 181 not out by Matthew Hayden . "  It was a nice day today as everything came off , " Watson told reporters . "  I had no idea of the sixes record . "  I was pretty tired and did n't want to run too much . It was hot and humid , so I tried to limit my running and it worked out nicely . " Australian captain Michael Clarke added : "  That 's probably the best innings I 've ever seen . He hit the ball so cleanly from the start . " The third and final one-day international will be played in Dhaka on Wednesday with the visitors unbeatable with a 2-0 lead .	Opener Shane Watson hammers a world record 15 sixes in a one-day innings Watson beats the record of 12 set by Xavier Marshall of the West Indies in 2008 Watson 's score of 185 not out also a record one-day total by an Australian The 29-year-old helped Australia defeat Bangladesh by nine wickets in Dhaka
CNN  -- It 's not news that looks matter . Depending on how attractive people think we are , we may have at times found ourselves dateless or overwhelmed with unwanted attention . Studies have indeed shown that people attribute more intelligence and competence to taller , well-turned-out or otherwise good-looking people . However , a new briefing paper by the Council on Contemporary Families tell us life 's uneven distribution of beauty counts in an even more poignant place than we may have considered : in school evaluations of our children by teachers and peers . In a recently releasted briefing report , "  In School , Good Looks Help and Good Looks Hurt  But They Mostly Help  . " sociologists Rachel Gordon and Robert Crosnoe show that in high school , some students -- say , a prom queen and king -- will be rated higher in intelligence , personality and potential for success just because they are considered good-looking . More than that , they will actually get higher grades and be more likely to graduate from college . In fact , the authors , whose the larger study -- published in book form by Wiley -- say that "  the difference in GPA and college graduation rates between youth rated by others as attractive , versus average in looks , is similar to the differences in academic achievement between youth raised in two-parent versus single-parent families . " If the idea that kids get better grades based on "  getting by on looks " frosts you , wait . This will make you nuts : Based on their findings , Gordon and Crosnoe believe that the effects of beauty  or lack thereof  may last far beyond high school graduation . They say there is a cumulative boost  or loss  of self-esteem about one 's own appearance that carries over from high school into college and perhaps over a lifetime . And even though the authors say that beauty has its pitfalls  good-looking men and women , for example , dated more and drank more and some of this had a negative impact on their grades and college success  , their conclusion is that , overall , this period of "  lookism " in high school is important enough to merit the same kind of consciousness-raising discussion given to unfair racial or class stereotypes . If looks translate into higher praise , better grades and even more credit for being warm and sensitive , as the authors found in their research , this is a real boon for the people with the lucky DNA . Each advantage a student has is likely to make that young man or woman feel more self-confident -- and self-confidence is an extraordinary tool to use in adult life . The other side of the coin is what 's concerning : There is , as many parents know , the depression and sense of worthlessness a young adult may feel when he or she is not deemed good-looking in high school . It is frightening to think this may lead to a lifetime of feeling awkward , unlovable and inferior . We have all become more sensitive and activist about issues of adolescence we used to ignore . We now know how dangerous bullying is , how destructive depression can be and how important it is to reframe our view of people who have physical or mental disabilities . While we ca n't mandate that people change their opinion about who is or is not good-looking , we could ask our kids ' teachers to be aware of their own tendency to give a higher grade or greater approval to a good-looking kid than to one that is not . We could all bring attention to slang that kids use to assess or denigrate another person 's looks . Does this sound too PC ? Maybe . But a little sensitivity here would n't be a bad thing . Terms such as "  tubby " or "  skinny " or "  lame " or other insult equivalents you may have heard do n't need to be leveled at anyone . Young people are acutely aware when they are not the favored ones , and they know that popularity and good looks are usually paired . Moreover , an ambitious student who is attractive might prefer to be complimented on what he or she said or did rather than for appearance . It does them no favor to allow them to think that their looks are their primary and best attribute ; it could cause them to be insecure about other aspects of their personality or behavior . Talking openly about this could make it clearer to the people in our children 's day-to-day world that their casual remarks can have long-term effects . It can also take some of the sting out of not being in the running for prom king or queen . And here I would suggest that such beauty and popularity contests are a dicey idea for schools in the first place . They have an impact on the impressions and behavior of everyone in the school , even , potentially , teachers . We spend time and energy to make sure our kids are treated fairly in life . Let 's help ensure they are not discriminated against -- or given a free ride -- just because of the way they look . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pepper Schwartz .	Pepper Schwartz : Study finds edge given attractive people can start in school with teachers Language , attitudes expressed by peers , adults shape kids ' self-worth for lifetime , she says We 're sensitive to race , class , disabilities ; how about effect of beauty standards , she asks ? Schwartz : Teachers , be aware of your power in contributing to beauty discrimination
CNN  -- No-one has been awarded the world 's most valuable prize , the $ 5 million Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership , which was due to be announced Monday . For the third time in six years , no African leader has been deemed worthy of the prize , awarded by Sudanese billionaire Mo Ibrahim 's foundation . "  The Prize Committee reviewed a number of eligible candidates but none met the criteria needed to win this Award . The Award is about excellence in leadership . " the Mo Ibrahim Foundation Prize Committee said in a press release . The prize is a $ 5 million award paid over 10 years and $ 200,000 annually for life after that . It is awarded to democratically elected leaders who have stepped down in the past three years after serving their constitutionally mandated term , and have demonstrated "  excellence in office . " Ibrahim , chairman and founder of the Mo Ibrahim Foundation , said : "  Since we launched the Prize six years ago , we have had three winners , and three years without . " Last year 's winner was President Pedro Verona Pires of Cape Verde for his "  vision in transforming Cape Verde into a model of democracy , stability and increased prosperity . " Other previous winners have been Joaquim Chissano of Mozambique in 2007 and Festus Mogae of Botswana in 2008 . Nelson Mandela was made the honorary inaugural Laureate in 2006 . In 2009 and 2010 there was no winner . See also : Mo Ibrahim warns Africa 's dictators In a report on African governance released by the Mo Ibrahim Foundation Monday to coincide with the prize , Nigeria moved into the bottom 10 countries on the continent for governance for the first time . It was ranked 43rd out of 54 countries based on 88 indicators taking in factors such as human rights , rule of law , development , personal safety , participation in the political process , infrastructure , welfare , health and education . The Ibrahim Index of African Governance  IIAG  -- an annual study measuring accountability and good governance in 52 out of 54 African nations -- found four of the continent 's powerhouses , Nigeria , Kenya , Egypt and South Africa , have declined in quality of governance since 2006 . Abdoulie Janneh , former Executive Secretary of the UN Economic Commission for Africa and Board Member of the Mo Ibrahim Foundation said in a press release : "  Given the vast natural and human resources of these four regional powers , these governance results are a concern . "  Each of these countries plays a key role in the economic and political landscape of the continent . To continue to optimally play this role requires a sustained commitment to balanced and equitable governance . " Nigeria , Kenya , Egypt and South Africa were all deemed to have deteriorated in their safety , rule of law , participation for citizens and human rights . Claims of corruption in Nigeria and Kenya have been common in recent years , with Transparency International ranking the two countries 143 and 154 respectively out of 183 nations for corruption . See also : Shaping Africa 's tech revolution South Africa and Kenya meanwhile also registered a drop in sustainable economic opportunity . The report uses data from 2000 to 2011 and does not take into account changes in Egypt , Libya and Tunisia since the Arab Spring . The report 's authors used data from hundreds of sources but said a lack of data had hindered it . Ibrahim said in a press release : "  Good governance is about harnessing a country 's resources to achieve the results any citizen living in the 21st century has a right to expect . One of Africa 's biggest leadership and governance challenges going forward is to master its own robust statistical system . Political sovereignty begins with data autonomy . " The report said there was an overarching trend towards more inclusive and representative leadership since 2000 , with improvements in 11 out of 14 of its subcategories . Significant improvements in the rule of law were registered in the formerly war-torn nations of Liberia and Sierra Leone , while Angola , Guinea and Liberia made major strides in human rights . Other countries to record strong performances in areas such as human development and sustainable economic performance included Rwanda , Mauritius and Zambia . Tanzania has climbed the IIAG 's rankings over the past six years , making it into the top 10 for the first time . Across the continent the study noted particularly high improvements in gender equality in all regions bar west Africa . Mary Robinson , former president of Ireland and Board Member of the Mo Ibrahim Foundation said , "  Africa 's women have the capacity to bring about remarkable change and therefore equity and equality between men and women is in the strategic interests of African leaders and governments . " See also : Africa grows but youth gets left behind Earlier this month , the foundation awarded Archbishop Desmond Tutu a one-off $ 1 million special prize for his lifelong commitment towards "  speaking truth to power , " -- a trait emphasized throughout South African apartheid and more recently in his call for Tony Blair and George W. Bush to "  made to answer " at the International Criminal Court for their role in the Iraq war . Which African leaders do you think are worthy of the prize ? Tell us in the comments below .	No winner of this year 's Prize for Achievement in African Leadership It is the third time in six years that $ 5million prize has not been awarded Nigeria drops into bottom 10 African countries for governance , report finds
CNN  -- The 56th annual Grammy Awards were held in Los Angeles on Sunday night with performances from Lorde , Macklemore & Ryan Lewis , Jay Z , Beyonce and more . Take a look at some of the top winners below : Record of the year "  Get Lucky " -- Daft Punk featuring Pharrell Williams and Nile Rodgers -- WINNER "  Radioactive " -- Imagine Dragons "  Royals " -- Lorde "  Locked out of Heaven " -- Bruno Mars "  Blurred Lines " -- Robin Thicke featuring T.I. and Pharrell Album of the year "  The Blessed Unrest " -- Sara Bareilles "  Random Access Memories " -- Daft Punk -- WINNER "  Good Kid , M.A.A.D City " -- Kendrick Lamar "  The Heist " -- Macklemore & Ryan Lewis "  Red " -- Taylor Swift 5 things we loved about the 2014 Grammys Song of the year "  Just Give Me a Reason " -- P!nk featuring Nate Ruess "  Locked Out of Heaven " -- Bruno Mars "  Roar " -- Katy Perry "  Royals " -- Lorde -- WINNER "  Same Love " -- Macklemore & Ryan Lewis Best new artist James Blake Kendrick Lamar Macklemore & Ryan Lewis -- WINNER Kacey Musgraves Ed Sheeran Best pop solo performance Sara Bareilles -- "  Brave " Lorde -- "  Royals " -- WINNER Bruno Mars -- "  When I Was Your Man " Katy Perry -- "  Roar " Justin Timberlake -- "  Mirrors " Best pop duo/group performance Daft Punk featuring Pharrell Williams and Nile Rodgers -- "  Get Lucky " -- WINNER P!nk featuring Nate Ruess -- "  Just Give Me a Reason " Rihanna featuring Mikky Ekko -- "  Stay " Robin Thicke featuring T.I. and Pharrell -- "  Blurred Lines " Justin Timberlake and Jay Z -- "  Suit & Tie " Best pop instrumental album Herb Alpert -- "  Steppin ' Out " -- WINNER Boney James -- "  The Beat " Earl Klugh -- "  Handpicked " Dave Koz , Gerald Albright , Mindi Abair and Richard Elliot -- "  Summer Horns " Jeff Lorber Fusion -- "  Hacienda " Best pop vocal album Lana Del Rey -- "  Paradise " Lorde -- "  Pure Heroine " Bruno Mars -- "  Unorthodox Jukebox " -- WINNER Robin Thicke -- "  Blurred Lines " Justin Timberlake -- "  The 20/20 Experience -- The Complete Experience " Best dance recording "  Need U  100 %  " -- Duke Dumont featuring A * M * E & MNEK "  Sweet Nothing " -- Calvin Harris featuring Florence Welch "  Atmosphere " -- Kaskade "  The is What it Feels Like " -- Armin Van Buuren featuring Trevor Guthrie "  Clarity " -- Zedd featuring Foxes -- WINNER Best dance/electronica album "  Random Access Memories " -- Daft Punk -- WINNER "  Settle " -- Disclosure "  18 Months " -- Calvin Harris "  Atmosphere " -- Kaskade "  A Color Map of the Sun " -- Pretty Lights Best traditional pop vocal album "  Viva Duets " -- Tony Bennett and various artists "  To Be Loved " -- Michael Bublé -- WINNER "  The Standards " -- Gloria Estefan "  Cee Lo 's Magic Moment " -- Cee Lo Green "  Now " -- Dionne Warwick Best rock performance Alabama Shakes -- "  Always Alright " David Bowie -- "  The Stars  Are Out Tonight  " Imagine Dragons -- "  Radioactive " -- WINNER Led Zeppelin -- "  Kashmir " Queens of the Stone Age -- "  My God is the Sun " Jack White -- "  I 'm Shakin ' " Best metal performances Anthrax -- "  T.N.T. " Black Sabbath -- "  God is Dead ? " -- WINNER Dream Theater -- "  The Enemy Inside " Killswitch Engage -- "  In Due Time " Volbeat featuring King Diamond -- "  Room 24 " Best rock song "  Ai n't Messin ' ` Round " -- Gary Clark Jr. "  Cut Me Some Slack " -- Paul McCartney , Dave Grohl , Krist Novoselic , Pat Smear -- WINNER "  Doom and Gloom " -- The Rolling Stones "  God Is Dead ? " -- Black Sabbath "  Panic Station " -- Muse Best rock album Black Sabbath -- "  13 " David Bowie -- "  The Next Day " Kings of Leon -- "  Mechanical Bull " Led Zeppelin -- "  Celebration Day " -- WINNER Queens of the Stone Age -- " ... Like Clockwork " Neil Young with Crazy Horse -- "  Psychedelic Pill " Best alternative music album Neko Case -- "  The Worse Things Get , The Harder I Fight , The Harder I Fight , The More I Love You " The National -- "  Trouble Will Find Me " Nine Inch Nails -- "  Hesitation Marks " Tame Impala -- "  Lonerism " Vampire Weekend -- "  Modern Vampires of the City " -- WINNER Best R&B performance Tamar Braxton -- "  Love and War " Anthony Hamilton -- "  Best of Me " Hiatus Kaiytoe featuring Q-Tip -- "  Nakamarra " Miguel featuring Kendrick Lamar -- "  How Many Drinks ? " Snarky Puppy with Lala Hathaway -- "  Something " -- WINNER Best traditional R&B performance Gary Clark Jr. -- "  Please Come Home " -- WINNER Fantasia -- "  Get It Right " Maysa -- "  Quiet Fire " Gregory Porter -- "  Hey Laura " Ryan Shaw -- "  Yesterday " Best R&B song "  Best of Me " -- Anthony Hamilton "  Love and War " -- Tamar Braxton "  Only One " -- PJ Morton featuring Stevie Wonder "  Pusher Love Girl " -- Justin Timberlake -- WINNER "  Without Me " -- Fantasia featuring Kelly Rowland and Missy Elliott Best urban contemporary album Tamar Braxton -- "  Love and War " Fantasia -- "  Side Effects of You " Salaam Remi -- "  One : In the Chamber " Rihanna -- "  Unapologetic " -- WINNER Mack Wilds -- "  New York : A Love Story " Best R&B album Faith Evans -- "  R&B Divas " Alicia Keys -- "  Girl on Fire " -- WINNER John Legend -- "  Love in the Future " Chrisette Michele -- "  Better " TGT -- "  Three Kings " Best rap performance Drake -- "  Started From the Bottom " Eminem -- "  Berserk " Jay Z -- "  Tom Ford " Kendrick Lamar -- "  Swimming Pools  Drank  " Macklemore & Ryan Lewis featuring Wanz -- "  Thrift Shop " -- WINNER Best rap/sung collaboration J. Cole featuring Miguel -- "  Power Trip " Jay Z featuring Beyoncé -- "  Part II  On the Run  " Jay Z featuring Justin Timberlake -- "  Holy Grail " -- WINNER Kendrick Lamar featuring Mary J. Blige -- "  Now or Never " Wiz Khalifa featuring the Weeknd -- "  Remember You " Best rap song "  F *** in ' Problems " -- A$ AP Rocky featuring Drake , 2 Chainz and Kendrick Lamar "  Holy Grail " -- Jay Z featuring Justin Timberlake "  New Slaves " -- Kanye West "  Started From the Bottom " -- Drake "  Thrift Shop " -- Macklemore & Ryan Lewis -- WINNER Best rap album Drake -- "  Nothing Was the Same " Jay Z -- "  Magna Carta ... Holy Grail " Kendrick Lamar -- "  Good Kid , M.A.A.D City " Macklemore & Ryan Lewis -- "  The Heist " -- WINNER Kanye West -- "  Yeezus " Best country solo performance Lee Brice -- "  I Drive Your Truck " Hunter Hayes -- "  I Want Crazy " Miranda Lambert -- "  Mama 's Broken Heart " Darius Rucker -- "  Wagon Wheel " -- WINNER Blake Shelton -- "  Mine Would Be You " Best country duo/group performance The Civil Wars -- "  From This Valley " -- WINNER Kelly Clarkson featuring Vince Gill -- "  Do n't Rush " Little Big Town -- "  Your Side of the Bed " Tim McGraw , Taylor Swift and Keith Urban -- "  Highway Do n't Care " Kenny Rogers With Dolly Parton -- "  You Ca n't Make Old Friends " Best country song "  Begin Again " -- Taylor Swift "  I Drive Your Truck " -- Lee Brice "  Mama 's Broken Heart " -- Miranda Lambert "  Merry Go ` Round " -- Kacey Musgraves -- WINNER "  Mine Would Be You " -- Blake Shelton Best country album Jason Aldean -- "  Night Train " Tim McGraw -- "  Two Lanes of Freedom " Kacey Musgraves -- "  Same Trailer Different Park " -- WINNER Blake Shelton -- "  Based on a True Story " Taylor Swift -- "  Red " Best Latin pop album Frankie J -- "  Faith , Hope y Amor " Ricardo Montaner -- "  Viajero Frecuente " Draco Rosa -- "  Vida " -- WINNER Aleks Syntek -- "  Syntek " Tommy Torres -- "  12 Historias " Best Latin rock , urban or alternative album Café Tacvba -- "  El Objeto Antes Llamado Disco " El Tri -- "  Ojo Por Ojo " Illya Kuryaki and the Valderramas -- "  Chances " La Santa Cecilia -- "  Treinta Dias " -- WINNER Los Amigos Invisibles -- "  Repeat After Me " Producer of the year , nonclassical Rob Cavallo Dr. Luke Ariel Rechtshaid Jeff Tweedy Pharrell Williams -- WINNER Best compilation soundtrack for visual media "  Django Unchained " "  The Great Gatsby "  deluxe edition "  Les Miserables "  deluxe edition "  Muscle Shoals " "  Sound City : Real to Reel " -- WINNER Best score soundtrack for visual media "  Argo " "  The Great Gatsby " "  Life of Pi " "  Lincoln " "  Skyfall " -- WINNER "  Zero Dark Thirty " Best song written for visual media Coldplay -- "  Atlas " -- "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " Jessie J -- "  Silver Lining " -- "  Silver Linings Playbook " Adele -- "  Skyfall " -- "  Skyfall " -- WINNER Colbie Caillat featuring Gavin DeGraw -- "  We Both Know " -- "  Safe Haven " Lana Del Rey -- "  Young and Beautiful " -- "  The Great Gatsby "  deluxe edition Regina Spektor -- "  You 've Got Time " -- "  Orange is the New Black " Best music video Captial Cities -- "  Safe and Sound " Jay Z -- "  Picasso Baby : A Performance Art Film " Macklemore & Ryan Lewis featuring Ray Dalton -- "  Ca n't Hold Us " Justin Timberlake featuring Jay Z -- "  Suit & Tie " -- WINNER Jack White -- "  I 'm Shakin ' " Best music film Coldplay -- "  Live 2012 " Green Day -- " ¡ Cuatro ! " Ben Harper With Charlie Musselwhite -- "  I 'm in I 'm Out and I 'm Gone : The Making of Get Up ! " Paul McCartney -- "  Live Kisses " -- WINNER Mumford & Sons -- "  The Road to Red Rocks " See the full list of winners at Grammy.com	Daft Punk were the big winners at the 56th annual Grammys The group won record of the year and album of the year Lorde won song of the year and best pop vocal Macklemore & Ryan Lewis were named best new artist
CNN  -- One of two former high school football players convicted in a rape that shook the eastern Ohio community of Steubenville has been released from juvenile detention , his attorney said Monday . Ma ` lik Richmond , who was 16 when he was convicted last year of raping a 16-year-old girl in Steubenville in 2012 , "  recently completed his designated time " at a juvenile correctional facility , Richmond 's family said in a statement released by attorney Walter Madison . Richmond had been sentenced to a minimum of one year in a juvenile correctional facility , but he was credited for the time he served before the trial . "  He is a better , stronger person and looks forward to school , life and spending time with family , " the statement said . Bob Fitzsimmons , the attorney for Richmond 's victim , called it "  disheartening " that the statement failed to mention the girl at the center of the case "  whom  Richmond  and his co-defendant scarred for life . " Richmond and Steubenville High School football teammate Trenton Mays were convicted in March of the rape after a trial that divided the football-crazed Rust Belt town of Steubenville . Lurid text messages , social media posts , as well as cell phone pictures and videos helped raise the national profile of the case , which revolved around Richmond and Mays ' actions during a series of end-of-summer parties in August 2012 . It attracted the attention of bloggers , who questioned everything from the behavior of the football team to the integrity of the investigation . Mays , who was 17 when he was convicted , also was found guilty of disseminating a nude photo of a minor and was sentenced to two years . Both Richmond and Mays have been classified as tier II sex offenders and will be required to report to their local sheriff 's office every six months for the next 20 years . 4 more school employees charged in Steubenville rape case CNN 's Poppy Harlow contributed to this report .	Ma ` lik Richmond was one of two students convicted of raping a 16-year-old Richmond was sentenced last year to minimum of one year in a juvenile facility He was credited for time served before his trial
CLARENCE CENTER , New York  CNN  -- The pilots of a commuter airliner that crashed late Thursday about 6 miles from a Buffalo , New York , airport discussed "  significant ice buildup " on the plane 's wings and windshields before the plane plunged to the ground , killing 50 . Only a few pieces of the Continental Connection Dash 8 turboprop were recognizable after the crash . Continental Connection Flight 3407 was en route from Newark , New Jersey , to Buffalo Niagara International Airport when it went down about 10:20 p.m. ET Thursday . Preliminary information recovered from the flight 's cockpit voice and data recorders indicated that the plane underwent "  severe " pitching and rolling motions after the landing gear was lowered and wing flaps were set for the approach , Steve Chealander of the National Transportation Safety Board said Friday afternoon . "  The crew discussed significant ice buildup , ice on the windshield and leading edge of the wings , " Chealander said . "  The crew attempted to raise the gear and -LSB- reset -RSB- flaps shortly before the recordings ended , " he said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Let us know The plane crashed into a home in Buffalo , killing all 49 people aboard and one person on the ground . Firefighters brought under control a blaze at the crash site on Friday , blaming a natural gas leak for the fire 's persistence . Two occupants of the house survived -- a woman and her daughter -- and were released from a hospital after treatment for minor injuries , authorities said . Read about the escape The first sign the air traffic controllers had of trouble was when Flight 3407 went off the radar . Before that , it had been business as usual . The first officer , who was the co-pilot , had no sign of stress in her voice as she talked with air traffic control . The plane was cleared for approach . About a minute later , the air traffic controller said that contact with the plane had been lost and asked whether crews in other aircraft could see anything . No one responded . The controller then said there might be a plane down . Although there was a mix of sleet and snow in the area , other planes landed safely at the airport about the time the flight went down . Watch what weather was like when disaster happened " The crew of a Delta flight reported rime icing , a condition in which ice quickly builds up on the leading edge of the wings . A US Air flight also reported icing . CNN meteorologist Chad Myers noted that there was "  icing all over western New York " at the altitude the plane was flying . See how ice affects airplanes " "  Almost every minute of their flight was in an ice event , " he said . The NTSB 's Chealander said the flight crew reported that visibility was about 3 miles and there was snow and mist as they descended . The voice and data recorders indicated that the plane 's internal de-icing was on during the landing approach , he said . Watch report from witness : "  All I saw was flames " " "  A significant ice buildup is an aerodynamic impediment , " Chealander said . Tony Tatro was on his way home from the gym when the plane flew about 75 feet above him . The craft 's nose was lower than usual , and and the left wing was tilted , he said . "  The engines did n't sound typical , did n't sound normal , " he said . Watch witness describe how plane went down " The plane was loud as it came in , as if for a takeoff rather than for a landing , said David Luce , who lives 300 feet from the crash site . "  The engines sounded like they were revving at very high speed , an unnatural sound , " Luce said . "  Then the engine cut out -- stopped . And within a couple of seconds , there was this tremendous explosion . "  It was an enormous explosion . It sounded like it hit , frankly , right in our backyard . ... The house shook ; the windows shook ; the ground shook , " he said . "  It was a real blast . " Watch Mary Jane Luce describe what she heard " Among the dead were Beverly Eckert , widow of a September 11 attack victim , and Susan Wehle , a cantor at Temple Beth Am in Williamsville , outside Buffalo . Also aboard was Alison Des Forges , senior Africa adviser for Human Rights Watch , a colleague confirmed . Des Forges spent four years in Rwanda documenting the 1994 genocide and had testified about the atrocity and the current situation in central Africa to Congress and the United Nations , according to the organization . Read about the victims A representative for Colgan Air , which operated the plane for Continental , identified the crew as pilot Capt. Marvin Renslow , first officer Rebecca Shaw and flight attendants Matilda Quintero and Donna Prisco . An off-duty pilot , Capt. Joseph Zuffoletto , was also aboard . On Friday afternoon , a minister from Renslow 's church in Lutz , Florida , made a statement on the family 's behalf . "  They are very proud of Marvin 's accomplishments as a pilot , " said Alan Burner , associate pastor at the First Baptist Church of Lutz . "  They know he did everything he could to save as many lives as he could , even in the accident . " Shaw , a 25-year-old pilot from Maple Valley , Washington , had been with the airline about a year , according to her family . "  We 're in shock , " her mother , Lynn Morris , said . "  We do n't understand . We kind of keep expecting Becky to come around the corner and say it 's not real . " Watch Morris discuss the loss of her daughter " In Washington , President Obama issued a statement expressing his condolences . "  Our hearts go out to the families and friends who lost loved ones , " Obama said . "  I want to thank the brave first responders who arrived immediately to try and save lives and who are continuing to ensure the safety of everyone in the area . We pray for all those who have been touched by this terrible tragedy to find peace and comfort in the hard days ahead . " The Erie County Medical Examiner 's Office established a command post at the scene and had investigators there , a statement from the office said . Officials said relatives of passengers aboard the flight should call 800-621-3263 for information . Watch what iReporter captured on film Thursday 's incident is the first fatal crash of a commercial airliner in the United States since August 2006 , when Comair Flight 5191 crashed while attempting to take off from the wrong runway near Lexington , Kentucky .	NEW : Tapes indicate crew discussed ice buildup on windshield , wings , NTSB says NEW : Crew attempted to raise gear and reset flaps before recordings ended Officials say all 49 aboard the plane died ; one confirmed death on ground 9/11 widow , cantor , human rights expert among the dead
