CNN  -- For sale : One football club , formerly the best in Europe , now fallen on hard times . Buyer : Rich Middle Eastern family , determined to restore club 's "  glory days . " When it was announced this week that a Kuwaiti family had agreed to take over Nottingham Forest , two-time winner of the European Cup , the big question became : Is this another Manchester City or Chelsea -- or more evidence of football 's "  prune juice " theory ? For every Sheikh Mansour and Roman Abramovich , there is a Sulaiman al-Fahim or Venky 's to prove that money pumped into one end of a club generally comes straight out the other . Indeed , Forest -- last a member of England 's top division as long ago as 1999 -- reportedly required more than $ 100 million of investment from Nigel Doughty during his 13-year spell as owner . How much is Manchester City 's victory worth for Abu Dhabi ? That might not seem like a lot for a Premier League team , but for one that last season only narrowly avoided a return to the third tier , it 's a significant amount . However , the Al-Hasawi family could potentially achieve a much greater return on their investment at Forest than , say , the series of money men who have followed in Al Fahim 's unsuccessful attempt to make capital out of former EPL side Portsmouth . "  Financial interest from the Middle East has fallen into two camps : the genuine and the fantasists , " Middle Eastern football expert James Montague told CNN . "  You have on one hand the likes of Sheikh Mansour who bought Manchester City , put his money where his mouth is and within four years has transformed the club from also-rans into title winners . They are now feared across Europe . Arabian dreams : Abu Dhabi celebrates City 's title triumph "  On the other you have a string of failed takeovers from those hoping Middle Eastern money could be some kind of panacea . Or in the case of Portsmouth were taken over by the UAE 's Sulaiman al Fahim and eventually became the first Premier League club to go into administration . "  This takeover appears to fall in to the former category , largely because they have a successful track record in domestic football . Remember , Manchester City was n't the first club Sheikh Mansour bankrolled . His first love is the Abu Dhabi-based club Al Jazira . Likewise the Hasawi family have turned Kuwaiti club Qadisa into a local regional powerhouse . " While Portsmouth 's only English titles date back to 1949-50 , Forest won the old first division championship relatively recently in 1978 and then shocked the football world by lifting Europe 's top club trophy in the following two seasons . Will football clubs play fair financially ? "  It makes a great deal of sense for an investor to buy into a club of Forest 's stature , " says Simon Chadwick , professor of sport business strategy and marketing at England 's Coventry University . "  There is some equity in the brand amongst fans and potential fans that dates back to their successes in the late '70s and early '80s . This brand equity can offer things to customers and investors that other organizations ca n't . " Forest 's near neighbor Leicester City , another club to have lost top-flight status in recent years , is now owned by a Thai group -- but Chadwick says there is a big difference in their earning potential . "  Forest 's financial position , while not being especially strong , is more stable than it has been over the past five years or so , " he said . "  For people like the Al-Hasawi family , it depends on what their view of the club is . If they see it as a revenue-generating asset , clearly it 's going to take a great deal of hard work to build those revenue streams . "  It 's there where Forest 's history and equity of the brand can have an impact . Forest can deliver a level of revenue that their closest geographic rivals Leicester City ca n't . Nottingham has a significant population so in terms of being able to fill a stadium , in terms of latent fan base , it 's very significant . " French revolution : Can Qatari cash make PSG a football force ? Foreign investors once flocked to the lucrative but highly expensive Premier League -- Manchester United was reportedly valued at # 1 billion when the Qatari royal family was linked with the club -- but the second-tier Championship is now proving to be more value for money . "  Sheikh Mansour saw that you needed to find undervalued clubs with history and prestige , " said Montague , author of "  When Friday Comes : Football in the War Zone . " "  City fit the bill , and in a way Forest has even more potential . We drool at clubs like Barcelona , Manchester United and Inter Milan winning the Champions League , but Forest won back-to-back European Cups just over 30 years ago and had one of the most iconic managers -- Brian Clough -- in charge . "  A whole industry has boomed over Clough -- biographies , novels , films . For the reported # 20 million  $ 31 million  , the Hasawi family are getting former European champions with Hollywood-level exposure for a snip . " Earlier this year , a Russian group agreed to buy Reading months before the club 's promotion to the top flight , while Italians have bought Watford , Malaysians control Cardiff , Hong Kong 's Carson Yeung owns Birmingham , a North American group has Derby County and an Egypt-born UK businessman has taken over Hull . PSG 's Qatari owners aim to be world 's best "  It makes the competition for players more intense , the competition for spectators more intense , " Chadwick told CNN . "  Whereas maybe five or 10 years ago the involvement of a rich investor might have been seen as the right ingredient for success , I think now such is the level of interest in English football and such is the level of investment , it 's now much more about managerial competence and skill and knowledge of the industry and networking . " Doughty brought in former England manager Steve McClaren at the start of last season with disastrous results , and the current FC Twente coach 's short reign resulted in the Forest benefactor -- considered one of the most powerful men in UK business -- standing down as chairman . Doughty put the club up for sale , but the Al-Hasawis dealt with the executors of his estate following the investment banker 's death at the age of 54 in February . They issued a statement stating their goal to "  bring the Reds back to the top of the table " but acknowledged "  challenging times ahead " -- and have already sacked manager Steve Cotterill just nine months into his three-and-a-half-year contract . "  If the family is looking at this on a medium to longer term basis , they 'll look to develop a scouting network and sign players for relatively small amounts of money , " Chadwick said . "  They will have to manage the club in a very shrewd way to make sure they do n't get back into debt in the same way . One would hope that Forest as a club have learned their lessons . "  When they were relegated they tried to spend their way out of trouble . They dropped further and further down the league structure , while at the same time building up their debts . " Cash for cups ? Qatar 's sporting influence spreads across the globe If Forest fans are getting overexcited about their future , they do n't have to look very far for proof that such a takeover can go horribly wrong . In 2009 , city rivals Notts County announced that football 's oldest professional club -- languishing in the bottom division and in danger of collapsing -- had been bought by a group called Munto Finance , purportedly financed by Middle East money . In came former England manager Sven Goran Eriksson and international star Sol Campbell on lucrative long-term deals , but they had both gone before the end of that season as Munto 's promises to wipe out crippling debts proved empty . Still struggling to survive , the club was sold for a nominal fee of # 1 just months after the takeover . "  There will always be this fear . The ` fit and proper person test ' applied to new owners is not especially robust or rigorous , so we can never be completely sure about what new owners ' intentions or resources are , " Chadwick said . "  Until we get into this period of ownership , it wo n't be entirely clear what they are able to do . " From riches to rags : Why Rangers ' financial meltdown should worry Europe He cited the example of Blackburn Rovers , who suffered relegation from the EPL after only one season under the ownership of Indian chicken magnates Venky 's . "  The experience since they took over is a stark illustration of how inexperience can cause problems . No matter your intentions or how much money you 've got , experience of the industry is very important , " Chadwick said . "  Do they know what they 're letting themselves in for ? Running a football club is very different from running other forms of business . "  What do they see as being the strategic position at Forest ? If they are looking to win the Premier League and get in the Champions League , they are going to have to invest a significant amount of money . "  But if their definition of glory days is to get back into the Premier League then it will require a more modest sum . Stoke . have proved you can establish yourself as a midtable team . It 's still very expensive , but not as expensive as what City have spent to win the title . "	Kuwaiti family buys former European Cup winner Nottingham Forest English club has been out of the elite division for more than a decade Experts say there is great value in buying a team with such a rich history Al-Hasawi family said to have more soccer knowledge than some failed investors
Editor 's note : In celebration of International Day of the Girl  October 11  and Ada Lovelace Day  October 14  , Leading Women is devoting the month of October to women and girls in STEM : science , technology , engineering and math .	Leading Women hosts Twitter Chat celebrating girls in science Five questions on biggest inspirations , words of wisdom , secrets to success Guests include race car drivers , software developers , coders Huge response from STEM organizations and schoolgirls across the globe
CNN  More than 200 years after Samuel Adams and Paul Revere first buried it in Boston , it took an hour to remove all the objects crammed inside a tiny time capsule . Onlookers anxiously watched the unveiling Tuesday , worrying the items might not have weathered the years very well . "  Could we actually go through the whole box , or would things prove too fragile to take out ? " said Malcolm Rogers , director of Boston 's Museum of Fine Arts . "  It was like brain surgery , with history looking down on us . " Piece by piece , Pam Hatchfield , head of objects conservation for the museum , removed each item , whispering "  wow " as she first caught a glimpse of some of them . Among the stash Hatchfield removed from the 1795 time capsule : Five folded newspapers , a Massachusetts commonwealth seal , a title page from Massachusetts colony records and at least 24 coins . And at the bottom , an inscribed rectangular silver plate , "  probably made by Paul Revere and engraved by him , " Rogers said . "  That was the treasure at the end , " he said . But getting to it was a painstaking process . It took seven hours to remove the time capsule from the Massachusetts State House in December , and more than four hours before Tuesday evening 's ceremony for officials to loosen the screws that were holding it shut . Porcupine quill , dental tool used to remove contents At the broadcast event , which took place at the museum in front of a painting of George Washington , Hatchfield used a porcupine quill and her grandfather 's dental tool to help her safely remove the contents of the 10-pound box , which was uncovered during repairs for a water leak at the State House last month . The box-shaped capsule was placed in the State House cornerstone in 1795 by Revere , the metalsmith , engraver and Revolutionary War hero ; Adams , the brewer and governor of Massachusetts ; and William Scollay , a local developer , when construction began . Revere was responsible for overlaying the State House dome with copper . The time capsule measured 5.5 x 7.5 x 1.5 inches , officials said . It 's not the first time the box has been uncovered . In 1855 , during some other repairs , the time capsule was removed and its contents cleaned , only to be put back in the cornerstone for almost 160 years -- with a few objects added . The box 's materials were noted in reports of the time . But this time , historians have had the opportunity to go through the contents with modern tools . After its removal December 11 , the box was taken to the Museum of Fine Arts , X-rayed and given a thorough once-over . Having an idea about what might be inside was nothing compared to actually seeing it , Rogers told CNN . "  Though we knew a little bit about what was in the box , it was a moment of extraordinary excitement as this brass container just the size of a cigar box was slowly opened with surgical precision , and you suddenly found yourself in the presence of history , " he said . Newspapers inside the box were in "  amazingly good condition , " Hatchfield said . The large number of copper coins inside might have helped protect the artifacts , she said , since copper helps block the growth of fungus . The collection of coins recovered from the time capsule included half-cent , one-cent , half-dime , 10-cent and 25-cent coins . Another set of coins included a pine tree shilling from 1652 and a copper medal showing George Washington . Appraiser : Items worth hundreds of thousands of dollars "  This is the most exciting project I 've ever worked on , " a beaming Hatchfield told the crowd after she finished pulling out all of the box 's contents , describing how thrilling it was to be part of building a bridge between the past and the present . "  This is what we , as conservators , live for , " she said , sharing a fist bump with Michael Comeau , executive director of the Massachusetts Archives and Commonwealth Museum . Going forward , conservators will work on preserving items removed from the time capsule . They might not unfold the newspapers , Hatchfield said , in order to protect them . If they were to go up for sale , the objects inside the box would fetch a pretty penny -- not because they 're rare , but because of the history behind them , said Sebastian Clarke , an appraiser for the PBS program "  Antiques Roadshow . " "  The story 's fantastic . George Washington was still the president of this country until 1797 . ... The 17th century coin is maybe a 5 or 6,000-dollar coin , but with this story , the value increases tenfold , " he said . Experts say they have n't been able to confirm whether Paul Revere made the silver plate , which commemorates the placement of the legislature 's cornerstone by Adams and Revere on July 4 , 1795 . If Revere did make it , Clarke said , "  the value has to be in the hundreds of thousands of dollars . It 's magnificent . " But do n't expect to see these objects showing up at any auction . After the conservation process is finished , they 'll go on display at the museum . And eventually , the time capsule and its contents will be placed again in the cornerstone of the Massachusetts State House , said William F. Galvin , secretary of the commonwealth . One question still remains , Galvin said : Will officials add anything new to the time capsule before they put it back ? "  The governor has wisely suggested that we might , " he said , "  so we 'll think about it . " CNN 's Todd Leopold , Kevin Conlon , Anderson Cooper and Erin Burnett contributed to this report .	Appraiser : Items could be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars Coins , newspapers and other objects are removed from time capsule The capsule was buried more than two centuries ago by Paul Revere , Samuel Adams
CNN  -- It 's not just for French kissing or for showing your dissatisfaction . Besides showing off at concerts , licking lollipops , and teasing , the tongue could help people gain mobility . Aside from everyday functions of chewing , swallowing , talking and tasting , the tongue has new uses such as steering wheelchairs and helping blind people see . Also in Spain last month , doctors transplanted a tongue as part of a face transplant surgery . "  The tongue is considered very much like the trunk of an elephant or the tentacle of the octopus . It 's the same kind of structure with how many shapes , configurations the trunk or tentacle can assume , " said E. Fiona Bailey , an assistant professor of physiology at The University of Arizona in Tucson . "  Researchers realize there is a lot of potential there . " Transplanting tongues A team of surgeons in Spain last month performed a face transplant , which is considered the first to include the tongue and jaws . A 43-year-old man who lost his jaws and tongue after a cancer battle 11 years ago received a transplant for the bottom third of his face , according to the Hospital La Fe in Valencia , Spain . Dr. Pedro Cavadas , the surgical team leader , said the objective was for the patient to recover feeling in his face and also to swallow , talk , feel and taste with his tongue again . But the first tongue transplant in 2003 had short-lived results . Doctors in Austria transplanted a tongue to a 42-year-old cancer patient . The cancer returned and the patient died 13 months after the surgery , according to a 2008 article written by his doctors in the journal Transplantation . A transplant recipient has to take immune suppressing drugs so he or she wo n't reject the new organ . But this puts the person at risk for cancer recurrence because of the weakened immune system , said Dr. Douglas Chepeha , a head and neck surgical oncologist at the University of Michigan Comprehensive Cancer Center in Ann Arbor . Unlike liver or kidney transplants , reconnecting the tongue is also more complex because of its nerves , said Chepeha , who is the director of the microvascular program . "  A nerve is not like a single wire in your house , " he said . "  When we say a nerve , there are literally thousands if not hundred thousands of tiny little fibers . It 'll be like taking a fiber optic cable and cutting it -- let 's say that cable had 100,000 fibers in it -- how do you realign it ? " Chepeha said : "  If we can get some way of knowing which way to hook the nerves up , someday it 'll work better . Right now , we 're not there . " Driving wheelchairs A new kind of wheelchair allows people who can not use their hands and feet to steer using simple tongue movements . This technology can assist people who have spinal cord injuries , said Maysam Ghovanloo , an assistant professor in the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology . Unlike hands and feet , the tongue has a distinct advantage because it does n't connect to the spinal cord , he said . To use the wheelchair , a magnet the size of a lentil sits on the driver 's tongue affixed by edible glue . When the person in the wheelchair touches a certain tooth with his or her tongue , the wheelchair moves -- for example , a left tooth , the wheelchair will turn left . Magnetic sensors trace the movement of the tongue and transmit the directions to get the wheelchair moving . "  The tongue is always moving , but the technology is smart enough to tell the difference between natural movements and the tongue movements -LSB- meant to steer the wheelchair -RSB- , " Ghovanloo said . Researchers conducted clinical trials this summer in which people with spinal cord injuries navigated through an obstacle course using their tongues . Those who had recently been injured were more receptive to driving with their tongues than others who have gotten used to the existing technology , Ghovanloo said . The tongue-driven wheelchair is not available to the public yet , pending more clinical trials in 2010 . Aiding vision Researchers devised an instrument to allow users to "  see " through the tongue . Called the BrainPort , the vision device sits on the tongue to help blind people get a sense of their environment . The device , which is the size of a postage stamp , connects to a digital video camera . The camera paints the visual scene in front of a person by turning it into gentle stimulations on the tongue that feel like bubbles . For example , when a person moves across the room , the device creates vibrations across the tongue to resemble the movement . Aimee Arnoldussen , a neuroscientist at the device maker 's company , Wicab Inc. , said scientists turned to the tongue because "  the tongue has a high density of nerve endings , which makes it sensitive . " Other parts of the body , such as the back , were not sufficiently sensitive . The fingertips were sensitive enough , but people wanted full use of their hands to grip a cane or to grab objects . Placing the device "  on the tongue inside the mouth , frees the hands to interact with environment , " Arnoldussen said . Plus , the device can be hidden in the mouth . The device is still in development , but Arnoldussen said the company hopes to make it available to the public within the next year . E-tongue senses sweet Scientists at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign developed a handheld device the size of a business card , which can taste the sweetness in food and drinks . This could lead to the first electronic tongue that would be able to identify sources of sweetness . "  We could determine what sweetener would be in your tea , " researcher Christopher Musto told CNN Radio . The device can distinguish among 14 kinds of sweeteners , from natural sugars to artificial ones such as Splenda . Musto described two possible applications : This would be a first step toward an electronic tongue and second , it could be a handheld device that would determine what sweetener and the amount .	Researchers turn to the tongue for new ways to help people with disabilities Spanish doctors performed face transplant including tongue this summer Engineers are testing a wheelchair that can be steered by the tongue
CNN  -- World number four Andy Murray continued his superb end of season form , coming back from a set down to beat top seed and defending champion Rafael Nadal in the final of the Japan Open in Tokyo on Sunday . Murray won last week 's Thailand Open , as well as last month 's Cincinnati Masters , but he looked to be on course for a sixth successive loss against world number two Nadal when the Spaniard powered through the opening set . But Murray turned things around in devastating style , taking the second set and then outplaying 10-times major champion Nadal in the decider , allowing his opponent just four points in the whole set , to complete an impressive 3-6 6-2 6-0 success . It was Murray 's 21st win from his last 22 matches , his only defeat in that time coming to Nadal in the semifinals of the U.S. Open , and ensured he closed the gap to third-ranked Roger Federer ahead of next week 's Shanghai Masters tournament in China . Murray told the official ATP Tour website : "  I 've played well in the last few months in Cincinnati and then the U.S. Open and I now need to carry on that form into Shanghai . "  I need to keep up the wins and hopefully I 'll get to the No. 3 ranking . It 's not the ultimate goal , but it 's the target I set myself for the last few tournaments of the year . " He added : "  It had to be some of the best tennis I have ever played in the third set . I 've played some good matches against Rafa in the past but it was just very consistent . I did n't make too many mistakes and played well at important moments , " he added . Nadal , who is again seeded to meet Murray in the final in Shanghai , conceded that his opponent was too strong for him on the day . "  Andy 's serve worked fantastic at important moments . He played unbelievable and made no mistakes in the third set when he played very aggressive and hit a lot of winners . " Meanwhile , Czech Tomas Berdych claimed his first ATP Tour title in nearly two-and-a-half years with a 3-6 6-4 6-1 success over Croat Marin Cilic in the final of the China Open in Beijing . Third seed Berdych was securing his sixth career title but his first since winning on the clay courts of Munich in May 2009 . In the women 's final , 11th seed Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland overcame a second set hiccup to defeat Andrea Petkovic of Germany , seeded nine , 7-5 0-6 6-4 to claim her seventh career title .	Andy Murray fight back to beat Rafael Nadal in the final of the Japan Open Murray allows Nadal just four points in the final set to win 3-6 6-2 6-0 It is Murray 's 21st win in 22 matches , a run which has seen him win three titles The two players are seeded to face each other again in the Shanghai final
CNN  -- Dax Shepard , who stars in the agreeably shaggy romance/chase movie/Tarantino knockoff "  Hit & Run , " has a talent for playing sleazy-smart deceivers who have somehow held on to their innocence . In "  Hit & Run , " which he wrote and codirected  with David Palmer  , he plays a retired crook named Charlie Bronson  a fake name chosen when the character ditched L.A. to enter Witness Protection  . Squirreled away in a pastoral small town , Charlie got involved with Annie  Kristen Bell  , a college professor who adores him â $ " but is also terrified by the fact that she knows next to nothing about him . Looking at Shepard , who has the lopsided grin of a happy-talk used-car salesman , offset by very serious eyes that perpetually study whomever he 's babbling to , we know just how she feels . When Annie lands a job interview , Charlie agrees to drive her to L.A. in his souped-up , death-black 1967 Lincoln Continental , a road odyssey that lures out all the colorful underworld vermin who 've been waiting for him to emerge from the woodwork . "  Hit & Run " is filled with pop-up-book hooligans who ca n't stop talking : Bradley Cooper  underacting nicely  as a dreadlocked sociopath , Tom Arnold  overacting loudly  as a gay U.S. marshal so closeted he 's about to explode . The dialogue veers into digressions about ADHD , the cruddiness of mainstream dog food , and much else . That these asides prove more fun than the central action is what gives "  Hit & Run " its flavor : tasty at times , even if the film evaporates as you watch it . Grade : B CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Hit and Run " stars real life couple Dax Shephard and Kristen Bell The film is filled with pop-up-book hooligans who ca n't stop talking EW gives the film a "  B "
Editor 's note : On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . Howard University student Tora Burns works long days in the summer helping children in Washington . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Tora Burns leads her classroom with an infectious smile , patiently teaching her young pupils about the benefits of recycling -- and then a catchy little tune to try out at home with their siblings and parents . "  What I want you guys to know is that we can all make a difference , " the 19-year-old tells the children as they prepare a coloring lesson that also reminds them of the household materials that belong in the recycling bin -- not the trash can . The Howard University student wants to be a teacher , and she views this summer classroom experience as a step toward her dream . And the latest evolution in a young lifetime often focused on community service . "  I would ask my mom , ` Well , ca n't you help the old lady out of the building ? ' " Burns said this week . "  And she 'd be like , ` You are only 6 or 5 . Why are you trying to help everyone ? ' " Her urge to make inner-city communities better and safer was reinforced , she said , by a jarring memory from her high school days in Detroit , Michigan . "  I saw a man kill another man , and I was just sitting at the red light and you have that moment , you are , like , ` Oh my God , someone just lost their life , ' " Burns said . "  No child should have to live like that . No child should have to see things of that nature . " During her sophomore year at Howard , Burns saw a fund-raising table on campus and walked over to donate a few dollars . But the literature caught her eye , and soon she was a mentor in a program run by America 's Promise , the community service organization founded by former Secretary of State Colin Powell . This summer , she also is working with Heads Up , a teaching and mentoring program in Washington that is affiliated with the AmeriCorps national service program . During the session on recycling , when Burns asked why being environmentally conscious was so important , one young student suggested the sun would go black if people did n't recycle more . "  They say the craziest things , " Burns said . "  But every now and then you have that ` aha ' moment . And I feel you learn a lot more from the students than they learn from you . ... When you see -- it is like a sparkle in their eye , and they are happy when they are learning . I think that is where you see the change . " There are 75,000 AmeriCorps participants nationwide , 1,500 of them in Washington . And 6,000 more slots will be filled come September because of additional funding in the recently passed stimulus legislation . The need in Washington 's inner-city neighborhoods is obvious . Nearly 20 percent of the city 's residents are below the poverty line , and more than 27 percent of children under 5 live in poverty . And while the national graduation rate is just shy of 70 percent , in the District of Columbia it is 48.8 percent . D.C. Public Schools Chancellor Michelle Rhee has been in her job two years and generating more than her share of controversy by closing underperforming schools and replacing many of the system 's principals . "  We 've done more in two years than humanly possible , " she said in an interview at her office . "  But it is still astonishing to me to come into work every day and sit in meetings and hear about the challenges that we 're still having and to think -- we 're pretty much at ground zero . " To Rhee , "  one of the most precious resources at your disposal is time , " and while many school systems nationwide are being forced to cut back on summer programs because of the recession , the District of Columbia is expanding its offerings , in part because of projects run by Heads Up , AmeriCorps and other service organizations . Leaning over one young man in her classroom , Burns offered her advice , and this message : "  We are here to teach so that by the time you are out of here , you will be able to count better than anyone your age . " She said she was pushed by her parents to succeed , and nudged back on track by a few key teachers whenever she began to lose her way at school . Now , she pushes herself through 10 - and 12-hour days in the summer weeks when her family and many friends are off on nice vacations . Why ? "  Everything boils down to children . It all boils down to children you know , " Burns said during snack time this past week . "  How dare I be a college student and be selfish and not do something to help my community ? And I feel like children are at the center of it all . That 's why . "	Aspiring teacher finds reward in volunteering this summer in Washington schools Stimulus money will help add 6,000 more to AmeriCorps ' 75,000 volunteers These schools are able to expand summer programs in part because of volunteers
CNN  -- Floyd Mayweather Jr has exclusively told CNN that his WWE and dancing talents will be put away for the time being as he prepares for his comeback fight against Juan Manuel Marquez . Floyd Mayweather Jr will fight Juan Manuel Marquez at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday . The Michigan-born fighter took part in reality television show Dancing With The Stars and also made several appearances on WWE but returns to the boxing ring for the first time since December 2007 with a non-title welterweight bout against Mexican Marquez . Mayweather , who has won world titles at five different weights and is recognized as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters ever , was in typically bullish mood ahead of the bout at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas . "  I loved doing Dancing With The Stars and also doing WWE but boxing is my love , something that I love do and something I enjoy doing , " Mayweather told CNN . "  I want to come back and display my skills for all my fans . I missed being in the sport of boxing - the sport is still in me and on Saturday night I am going to be the best I can be . "  I was in the gym every day and so I thought why not get back in there and get serious again and get back into boxing . " Mayweather is confident that if he is able to box to his strengths then he will overcome Marquez who boasts a record of 50 victories , four defeats , one draw with 37 knockouts . "  Marquez is a solid opponent who is tough and he is going to be at his best and the main thing is just to be me , be focused , be smart , be sharp and go out there and execute the game plan which is to relax and be Floyd Mayweather , " he said . "  He is going to bring his best , if he plays to the crowd then he can caught in the exchange but I know he is going to come to the fight . "  He is not one of those types of fighters that are going to come and lay down . I am going to go out there and be at my best and bring my best and give the fans all over the world their moneys worth . "  He is a guy that I can not overlook . Just like me he came from small weight classes and won titles at every weight class and has dominated . He had a few of knockdowns in a row but he is a solid opponent and one of the best guys in the sport so I have to be Floyd Mayweather and do what I have to do . " Mayweather also played down talk of an inevitable showdown with Manny Pacquiao and insisted he concentrating on the task in hand . He added : "  My main focus is Marquez and I 'm not thinking of another fighter . We take one step at a time . Negotiating opponents is for my advisors and team Mayweather . Me ? I just beat the opponents they put in front of me . "	Floyd Mayweather talks to CNN ahead of his fight with Juan Manuel Marquez Mayweather will put his dancing and WWE interests aside for the fight The contest will be Mayweather 's first fight since his defeat of Ricky Hatton Mayweather is recognized as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters ever
CNN  -- Marathon man John Isner gained revenge at the hands of his Wimbledon conqueror Thiemo De Bakker after knocking the Dutchman out of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic in Washington . Isner lost in straight sets to De Bakker in the second round in London after his record-breaking win over Nicolas Mahout , from France . The American 's 6-4 3-6 6-7 7-6 70-68 win over Mahout at Wimbledon became the longest match in tennis history , stretching over three days and lasting 11 hours . It was no surprise when an exhausted Isner was dumped out by De Bakker in round two but Isner got one over on his rival with a narrow win in the U.S. capital . The match yielded only one break point but Isner could n't take it . Instead he had to rely on two tie-break wins to triumph 7-6 7-6 and continue his decent run of form -- Isner was beaten by Mardy Fish in the final of the Atlanta Tennis Championships last month . His record in tie-breaks this season is now 25-14 and his win set up a third round match with Belgian Xavier Malisse . After the match he claimed he had n't been seeking to avenge his Wimbledon defeat . "  It was n't like a revenge factor at all , " he told the official ATP Tour website . "  I treated it like any other match . "  It was n't pretty out there . The only thing that kept me in the match was the way I competed . Not much was working right . Probably just the way I compete -LSB- got me through -RSB- . More times than not you 're not going to play your best out there . " Isner was pipped in the 2007 final by fellow American Andy Roddick and the number two seed got his quest for a fourth Legg Mason title off to a winning start by beating Slovenian qualifier Grega Zemlja . Roddick conceded just nine points on his serve in the entire match and made the most of his two break point chances to earn a straight sets victory . "  I accomplished what I wanted to , " he told the official ATP Tour website . "  I got into some rallies early and moved the ball around the court and mixed up paces and different heights . "  I put a high percentage of returns in the court and got back to playing clean tennis . Doing things that do n't always show up on the stats sheet but they win you tennis matches . " Roddick was beaten in last year 's final by Juan Martin del Potro in a third set tie-break and will now face world No. 6 Gilles Simon , who beat Russian Igor Kunitsyn 6-1 6-2 in just under an hour . Elsewhere , number three seed Fernando Verdasco had a scare against German Michael Berrer before eventually battling through to win 4-6 7-5 7-6 and set up a tie with American qualifier Ryan Sweeting . The number four seed Marin Cilic survived a clutch of break points to beat Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin 6-4 6-2 and book a date with American Mardy Fish .	Marathon man John Isner beats Thiemo De Bakker 7-6 7-6 in Washington Dutchman De Bakker knocked Isner out of Wimbledon back in June Andy Roddick into third round after beating Slovenian qualifier Grega Zemlja Fernando Verdasco survives a scare to beat German Michael Berrer in three sets
CNN  -- A Grammy-nominated classical pianist who wears personalized trainers , Lang Lang is one-of-a-kind in the world of classical music . His expressive and flamboyant style has so far brought him more fans than critics . The 26-year-old has become a sensation in the music world , with a prodigious talent that catapulted him from a childhood in northeastern China to playing to a packed Carnegie Hall by the age of 21 . His flamboyant playing style and bold image has divided critics , but also attracted millions -- who might normally be more into MTV than Mozart -- to classical music . Lang Lang 's parents were instrumental in pushing him to be a world-famous artist . At the age of 9 , Lang Lang gained a place at the Central Music Conservatory , moving with his father to Beijing , where he faced some of the toughest moments in his young life . "  The biggest challenge for me is that I was not living with my mom . This is really awful because ... I 've been always very close with my mom when I was a kid . Even till today , you know , we 're still very close , " he told CNN . Tough times were compounded when his teacher took a dislike to him . Far from encouraging the young pianist , she consistently told him he had no talent , and after six months kicked him out of the school . Being so far from his mother , he found little support at the time from his father , with whom Lang Lang admits to having a difficult relationship as a child . "  When I was a kid I did n't talk to my father so much . I did n't know who to talk to when I 'm facing very challenging situations . And that was really driving me crazy , " he said . He experienced a harrowing moment when , in a violent outburst , his father accused him of ruining his dream of Lang Lang becoming a great pianist , saying he was no good and should throw himself out of their tenement building . "  I do n't want to become a pianist at that moment , I hate piano , I hate my father , I hate everything that brings me to being a pianist , " he said . "  I never forgive -LSB- my father -RSB- for a long time , but it is like now I understand , you know he quit his job and he went to Beijing with me . " He also managed to forgive his former piano teacher , and had the satisfaction of performing a master class at his former school and collecting an honorary professorship in 2006 . It took Lang Lang a long time to play the piano again in front of his father , but his love for playing returned . His talent and competitive spirit won him the International Tchaikovsky Competition for young musicians at just 13 . "  I only knew that competition is the only way to become famous as a Chinese person growing up in China . That 's the education you get , competitions , " he said . It brought him wider attention and , at the age of 14 , a move to Philadelphia to study at the Curtis Institute of Music . His big break came when he was 17 , appearing with the Chicago Symphony as a last-minute replacement . Just four years later , his solo recital at Carnegie Hall was sold out . Since then , the 26-year-old has played with some of the world 's most esteemed orchestras and conductors -- Daniel Barenboim described his playing style as "  like a cat with 11 fingers " -- and his youth , rich talent and flamboyant style has attracted a new audience to classical music . Appearing at the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympic Games was a highlight among notable achievements . "  It was really incredible when you 're playing in the middle of the stage ; it feels like you 're playing in the middle of the universe . You do the Olympic Games in the city which has most of the feeling for you , everything : disappointment , victory , tragic moments , really sad moment , but happy moment , and satisfied . It 's a city that for me has everything and that what made me extremely emotional , " he said . Wearing his heart on his sleeve , Lang Lang 's performances also reflect his expressive nature . However , not all the reviewers and critics have warmed to his style or image . Some have nicknamed him "  Bang Bang , " while American pianist Earl Wild dismissed Lang Lang as the "  J.Lo of the piano " in an article in the New Yorker . While admitting he has created something of a brand of himself , Lang Lang is happy that he gains more plaudits from his contemporaries than negative reviews , and that he 's able to help inspire others to take up music . An estimated 40 million children in China are learning the piano because of the "  Lang Lang effect . " While performing around 130 concerts a year , he also manages to find time in his packed schedule to be a UNICEF ambassador and work with the Montblanc Cultural Foundation . "  You need to be putting all the efforts into something you think is a priority . What I believe , this charity work is my priority ... I would like to give back to the world something that I get from other people , " he said .	The 26-year-old Chinese pianist has brought a new audience to classical music Has a skill to match his flamboyant style that has divided critics Played solo concert at Carnegie Hall at just 21 years of age
CNN  -- Shows at SeaWorld in San Diego , California , are expected to resume on schedule Wednesday , a day after a 12-year-old male killer whale died . The whale showed signs of being ill only on Monday , the park announced . The cause of death for Sumar wo n't be known until a necropsy is complete , SeaWorld said . Results may not be known for several weeks . "  It 's a very sad day , " spokesman Dave Koontz told CNN on Tuesday . "  He was a great young killer whale . He was sharp . " Sumar , who weighed about 5,000 pounds , had been at SeaWorld San Diego since 2001 , coming from an Ohio park . He was one of seven killer whales at SeaWorld and was able to exhibit about 100 "  behaviors , " Koontz said . The killer whale had no medical history or problems with behavior , the spokesman said , adding that there was no evidence of communicable disease . "  He had a great disposition . " "  Trainers had noticed that Sumar was acting lethargic yesterday -LSB- Monday -RSB- afternoon . Park veterinarians began a regimen of antibiotics to help try to stabilize his condition while they attempted to determine the cause of his illness , " a SeaWorld statement said . "  His condition worsened today and a decision was made to cancel the 12:30 p.m. Shamu show , so that trainers and veterinarians could continue to devote their full attention to Sumar . Despite these efforts , Sumar did not survive . " Orlando , Florida-based SeaWorld was recently fined $ 75,000 by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration for three safety violations , including one classified as willful , after an animal trainer was killed by a whale in Orlando in February . SeaWorld , which also has a location in San Antonio , Texas , said it would contest the violations . The last killer whale to die at the San Diego venue was Splash , who was sickly when SeaWorld adopted him . He was nursed back to health and lived 15 years until 2005 . No public memorial for Sumar has been planned , although fans will be able to comment on the park 's Facebook page , Koontz said .	Killer whale dies at SeaWorld in San Diego Sumar was lethargic Monday Sumar was able to exhibit about 100 ` behaviors '
Atlanta  CNN  -- U.S. safety officials have cited Alabama 's Browns Ferry nuclear power plant for a failed valve that could have hindered efforts to cool one of the reactors during an emergency , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission announced Tuesday . The problem in the No. 1 reactor unit has resulted in a top-level "  red finding " by the NRC , bringing increased federal oversight of the three-unit plant for some time . "  The public was never endangered because no actual event occurred , " the NRC said in announcing the citation . "  However , the system is counted on for core cooling during certain accident scenarios and the valve failure left it inoperable , which potentially could have led to core damage had an accident involving a series of unlikely events occurred . " Browns Ferry is located outside Athens , Alabama , about 80 miles north of Birmingham . The Tennessee Valley Authority , which owns the plant , had argued against the finding and may appeal the decision , TVA spokesman Ray Golden told CNN . "  We think we have a safe plant , " he said . "  We have a number of higher safety measures in place . That said , we can do more and are planning to do more . " The bad valve was part of a residual heat removal system that cools the reactors after they shut down . The problem was discovered when the unit was being refueled in October , said Joey Ledford , a spokesman for the NRC regional office in Atlanta . "  This violation will result in additional regional and headquarters inspectors in the plant doing various other additional inspections , " Ledford said . The plant 's "  safety culture " will be under scrutiny along with its technical systems as a result of the ruling , he said . The citation is the fifth red finding issued by the NRC under a system that went into effect in 2001 , Ledford said . It is the first issued to Browns Ferry or to any of TVA 's three nuclear plants , Golden said . The 3,200-megawatt Browns Ferry plant remains idled following April 27 tornadoes that knocked out external power to the plant . Unit 1 was the scene of a 1975 fire that damaged the control room 's electrical systems , an accident that led to new safety procedures at U.S. nuclear plants . The problem found in October could have led to an increased threat of fire under some conditions , Golden said . "  We acknowledge that we have more work to do in fire protection and are committed to doing that , " he said . The faulty valve had been in place since Browns Ferry was built in the late 1960s , and its failure was the result of a manufacturing defect , he said . But the utility argued that the reactor had multiple backup systems that operated despite the failed valve , and the faulty device eventually responded properly during laboratory tests . "  It became stuck , but we were able to demonstrate in these labs that if you allowed enough time to go by , it would unstick itself , " Golden said . The valve was replaced shortly after the problem was found , and was working at the time of the April tornadoes , said Roger Hannah , an NRC spokesman in Washington . The agency cited TVA for failing to identify the problem during earlier inspections , he said . "  We felt they should have identified this valve as a problem before it was discovered , " Hannah said . CNN 's Devon Sayers and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : The plant 's owner may challenge the NRC citation The designation indicates a problem of "  high safety significance " The NRC hits Browns Ferry with a "  red finding " over a faulty valve The move means closer oversight of the Alabama nuclear plant
Most 911 centers ca n't receive text messages . But that does n't always stop people from texting the familiar number in an emergency , not knowing their pleas for help wo n't be seen . A new initiative announced Friday will finally bring the 20-year-old SMS texting technology to emergency centers across the country in the coming years . The top four wireless carriers in the U.S. have agreed to speed up their efforts to support text-to-911 capabilities , making it available by May 15 , 2014 , according to a statement from the Federal Communications Commission released Friday . "  Access to 911 must catch up with how consumers communicate in the 21st century -- and today , we are one step closer towards that vital goal " said FCC chairman Julius Genachowsk . Once the carriers are set up , local emergency response centers will still need the proper equipment , software and training , so the feature wo n't be available instantly . However , eventually the carriers and FCC hope to provide 90 % of the population with text-to-911 features . The service will not support third-party texting apps or roaming users . In the meantime , the carriers will implement a much-needed alert message warning anyone who sends a text to 911 that their message was not received , and that they should make a phone call instead . That auto-reply system will be up and running by June 30 , 2013 . The carriers will handle support for texting until the national next-generation 911 service is completed in the next decade . Most 911 systems are managed locally , but the next-generation 911 project is a national push to update the systems to handle modern communications , including calls over the Internet , images and photos . One-third of the estimated 240 million calls to 911 are from wireless lines . Current systems do support the modern technology -- for example , some can pinpoint what tower a call was routed through to determine a caller 's location -- but SMS text support has been more difficult .	The top four U.S. wireless carriers have agreed to support text-to-911 by 2014 The announcement was made today by the FCC Until the system is running , people will receive bounce-back messages
CNN  -- Spain 's football duopoly of Real Madrid and Barcelona has become so dominant that sponsors have lost interest in backing other Spanish clubs . "  Having two monsters like Real Madrid and FC Barcelona , the world 's leading concert in football , overshadows the other clubs , " financial expert Jose Maria Gay de Liebana told CNN . "  Sports sponsorship companies are more inclined to be the third or fourth sponsor of these two great clubs , Barcelona and Madrid , rather than be the first sponsor of a club without universal screening , " he added . Gay de Liebana told CNN that the apparent advantage of having global brands in the top tier of Spanish football -- known as La Liga -- is in fact a serious detriment to many clubs . According to Forbes Magazine 's 2012 rankings , Real Madrid is the richest club in the world by revenue -- $ 695 million -- and second only to Manchester United in market value . Burden Meanwhile , Barcelona -- widely recognized as the best football team in the world with a pedigree of stars such as Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta -- is the second richest club in the world by revenue . Gay de Liebana says the presence of these two football behemoths combined with billions of euros of debt - estimated at $ 4.5 billion for Primera Division teams -- and liabilities has meant Spanish football clubs can no longer cope with this burden . Traditionally local governments in Spain have had a role to play in the financial management of football clubs . In the past , teams such as Valencia and Madrid , as sporting institutions , have received subsidies from local authorities , according to Spanish football expert Sid Lowe . But in the current economic climate , state investment in football clubs is not a high priority for many politicians as the central government in Madrid grapples with a spiralling national debt and chronic unemployment of over 25 % . Spain -- the eurozone 's fourth largest economy -- is likely to be the next bailout casualty of the debt crisis in the 17-nation currency union . The government in Madrid has already requested a rescue package for its ailing banks , which require almost 60 billion euros  $ 76.4 million  in support following an audit in September . Real Oviedo 's plea Further down the feeding chain of Spanish football the financial situation is even more dire -- so much so that one Spanish club in the third division -- Real Oviedo -- has turned to football fans for help . Earlier this month the Asturias-based team launched a campaign , whereby fans could effectively buy shares at approximately 11 euros -LSB- $ 13 -RSB- each in exchange for a token stake in the club . Word of Real Oviedo 's plight went viral on Twitter and football fans across the globe responded by purchasing shares and raising more than one million euros  $ 1.2 million  in nine days . Gay de Liebana argued that the current state of Spanish football clubs is the result of poor financial regulation and supervision . When asked whether other teams might also stand on the precipice of extinction , he said : "  I absolutely know it will happen ... The next few months -- and I hope I am wrong -- will be tragic for some clubs . "	Spanish football clubs struggle to find sponsorship and marketing deals in economic crisis Teams suffering as a result of poor financial regulation , according to financial expert Gay de Liebana Real Oviedo has turned to fans for financial help Gay de Liebana warns next few months for Spanish clubs "  will be tragic for some clubs "
Denver , Colorado  CNN  The Englewood , Colorado , school system is urging parents to talk with their children after a sexual assault case involving several students . Five teenage males have been arrested , four of them juveniles who attend public schools in the Denver suburb of about 30,000 people , police said . The girl who said she was assaulted is an Englewood High School freshman , school district spokeswoman Julie McGinley said . Police said they 're looking for a sixth juvenile who also goes to Englewood schools . The teenage girl reported being sexually assaulted January 25 at a house party involving alcohol and marijuana that was attended by 10-12 people , Englewood police said . "  If your student was at this party , knows someone who was there , or knows of students who have been affected by this event , we have counselors and other trusted adults should they need support or need to share their feelings , " Superintendent Brian Ewert said in a letter sent to parents . "  We also ask that you be available to listen to your student and talk to him or her about his or her feelings regarding this event . " Police identified only one suspect , Daylon Benjamin Hill , 19 , of Englewood . He was charged with five counts , including sexual assault and sex assault on a child . He is being held on $ 50,000 bond . Police did n't identify the others because they are juveniles . Of those , two are 16 years old and two are 15 years old . Officers started looking for the girl late Sunday night after taking a missing juvenile report , police said . About the same time , other officers contacted the girl after she called relatives to say she had been sexually assaulted , police said . A medical examination revealed "  significant trauma consistent with sexual assault , " according to a statement attached to Hill 's arrest warrant	5 teens charged in sexual assault , including four Englewood , Colorado , students The school system is urging parents to talk to their children about the case
CNN  -- Muffled gun shots and squealing tires . A secret midnight meeting in a dark alley . Alone in an exotic city with enemies lurking around every corner . Everyone recognizes the classic elements of a good cloak and dagger story . From James Bond to George Smiley , the spy thriller is one of literature 's most popular and enduring genres . Right now the hottest name in this field is Olen Steinhauer . He 's been called John le CarrÃ © 's heir apparent , and the best espionage writer of his generation . For anyone who reads spy novels , that 's high praise . Steinhauer is an American who has lived abroad for a good part of his adult life . He burst on to the publishing scene in 2003 with "  The Bridge of Sighs , " the first in a critically acclaimed five book series chronicling the cold war in a fictional eastern-bloc country . He followed that up with a thoughtful and thrilling trilogy about a reluctant CIA agent , Milo Weaver , who 's trying to survive and keep his family safe in a post 9/11 world . The first in that series , "  The Tourist " was a bestseller , the second ; "  The Nearest Exit " won the 2010 Dashiell Hammett prize for best literary crime novel . Now Steinhauer returns with "  An American Spy . " Debuting in book stores this week , it 's his third novel to feature Weaver , formerly a member of the "  Department of Tourism , " the CIA 's home for black ops and dirty tricks . The story picks up after a Chinese spy master has nearly wiped out the department . Milo is now one of only a handful of "  tourists " -- a code name for CIA assassins -- left in the agency . When Milo 's boss disappears and his family is threatened , Milo is drawn into a conspiracy that may link the Chinese government to the highest levels of American intelligence . CNN recently spoke to Steinhauer about his newest novel . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : What is it about the spy novel that has captured your imagination as a writer ? Steinhauer : My first two books were more police procedurals , but I soon came to realize that I was more comfortable in the looser genre of spy fiction . One reason was simple practicality -- cops follow very specific procedures that as a writer you either adhere to or you do n't . If you do n't , you 're being unrealistic , and if you do , there 's a possibility you 'll end up straight-jacketed by these rules . So I gravitated toward the more free-flowing world of espionage . Spies follow procedures , but they vary by agency and , by and large , we in the public do n't know what they are , so the writer is given a lot more latitude . More importantly , though , I find the grayness of espionage compelling . In crime fiction , the antagonist is usually the "  bad guy " in the literal sense . In espionage , these labels are harder to affix , at least in my mind . If the antagonist is , say , a spy for China , he 's just someone doing what he can to advance his own country 's cause . The protagonist in a spy novel is doing the same thing . They are -- or can be -- equals , even when they commit morally heinous acts , and I love that moral quandary . It also explains why , thus far , I have n't been writing terrorist antagonists -- they 're much harder to empathize with . CNN : Do you think readers love spy novels for the same reasons ? What do you think is behind the genre 's enduring popularity ? Steinhauer : Reader responses to spy novels seem to be as varied as the kinds of spy novels out there . Some love high levels of realism , even if it means a spy spends most of his time at a desk , whereas others love spy stories for the action , no matter how unlikely it is . Some are attracted by the illusion that they 're being given the keys to a secret world , one they would never be allowed into otherwise . Some like being reassured by patriotic rhetoric , while others are reassured by the cynicism that many spy novels wallow in . As for its enduring popularity , I suppose that deception -- whether it 's found in crime novels or spy novels -- is just too thrilling for readers to go long without . CNN : You lived in Europe for a number of years , how did this influence your story telling ? Steinhauer : The European influence began with a few weeks ' student exchange in high school , to Cologne , Germany . I was 14 at the time , and the exoticism of small details was immediately interesting to me -- I of course romanticized it all . In college , I did a semester abroad in Zagreb , Yugoslavia . A momentous year -- it was 1989 , the Berlin Wall came down , and it was then that I decided to become a writer . So my fascination with that part of the world began early . Just before writing "  The Bridge of Sighs " 11 years later , I spent a year on a Fulbright fellowship to Romania , and all the research I did there shaped "  The Bridge of Sighs " and helped direct the course of the next four books , which charted the Cold War history of Eastern Europe . By the time I was writing my second book , "  The Confession , " I was living in Italy and then in Hungary , where I 've spent the last decade . While all this European living has influenced the subject matter of my novels , I think more importantly it 's given me a window onto the world that 's different than the one I would 've had if I 'd spent the last 10 years in the States . I was in Italy when 9/11 occurred , and I 've experienced the entire post-9 / 11 era through more distant eyes . CNN : Did the 9/11 attacks change your approach to writing a spy novel ? Steinhauer : Well , I 'd only finished one book by 9/11 , and I think at first my literary reaction was withdrawal . Terrorism , and radical Islam , seemed so complex and unknowable that instead of properly educating myself , I stuck with knowable history . It took a while before I recognized what I was doing , so by the time I finished my Cold War sequence , I was chomping at the bit to give the contemporary world a try . Thus , "  The Tourist , " which tried to deal squarely with contemporary international relations . Which is another way of saying that , after 9/11 , I took my time getting around to the subject . That said , you 'll notice that the Milo Weaver books deal less with terrorism than with the way terrorism has influenced other aspects of espionage and international relations . CNN : What kind of research did you do for "  An American Spy " ? Did you meet with any real agents ? Steinhauer : I wish I could say I did ! But , no . My research is almost entirely scattershot -- I pick up information through online research , through books -- both nonfiction and fiction -- as well as movies . I 'm less interested in the technique of espionage as I am in the psychology of that world , and there are so many ways one can glean this kind of information . There 's a lot to be said for the power of imagination -- when the writing 's going well , the results can be shockingly correct . For example , when my French editor read the manuscript of "  The Tourist , " he sent me a complimentary e-mail , saying that as a "  lifelong Parisian " he was impressed that I 'd gotten Paris perfectly . What I hesitated to tell him was that , by the time I wrote that book , I 'd never stepped foot in Paris ! CNN : The "  spy craft " in your book feels very authentic , is it rooted in reality or strictly from your imagination ? Steinhauer : It 's a bit of both . Through reading I 'll come across actual craft that I pick up , though you 'd be surprised how much realism you can acquire by simply getting into a character 's head and turning on the paranoia . If I wanted to get from Miami to Chicago without anyone knowing , how would I go about this ? With a basic knowledge of how cell phones can be tracked , how surveillance cameras pepper highways and public spaces , one can gradually form a plan that looks a lot like real spy craft . And if it works , then there 's no reason to think it is n't spy craft . CNN : I hesitate to call him "  the bad guy " but tell me more about how you came up with Chinese spymaster , Xin Zhu . Steinhauer : I 've written very few "  bad guys " in my time , and each time I 've regretted it . Xin Zhu , like any good antagonist , simply has different aims than our protagonist . Since I do n't outline my stories or characters ahead of time , I do n't "  come up " with characters before settling down to write a story -- instead , the characters are shaped by the story that 's coming together . There 's a lot of give and take between plot and character , so that it 's hard to tell where any particular thing comes from . Which is another way of saying that Xin Zhu is not based on anyone I know of , and that there 's more mystery in writing than books on writing would have you believe ! CNN : What 's next for you , will there be another Milo Weaver novel ? Steinhauer : I 'm taking a break from Milo 's world and delving into North Africa -- a book about spies that touches on the Libyan revolution . As I said , it 's giving me a serious headache , but in my experience novels that get written easily are usually less compelling than the difficult ones , so I live in hope . Read an excerpt from "  An American Spy "	Olen Steinhauer has been called the best espionage writer of his generation "  An American Spy , " his latest novel , is the third in a popular series The main character , CIA agent Milo Weaver , is trying to keep his family safe in a post 9/11 world
CNN  -- Thirty-six people in northern India are dead and another 28 are injured following a collision between a bus and a vehicle carrying mourners from a funeral , an official news agency reported Sunday , citing local officials . The crash occurred late Saturday outside Badaun , in Uttar Pradesh state , District Magistrate Amit Gupta told the official Press Trust of India agency . The state government bus collided with a vehicle , known as a matador , that was transporting people back from a ceremony marking the last rites of a relative , Badaun police Superintendent D.K. Chaudhary said . The bus driver , Bahm Swaroop , was among those killed , according to Chaudhary . Thirty-four people were pronounced dead soon after the crash , while five of the 30 hurt were seriously wounded , officials said . Two people died of their injuries early Sunday , according to Gupta . Details of the accident were not available . The provincial government has announced that it will give payments of 2 lakhs  about $ 4,500 in U.S. currency  to the families of those killed , with 50,000 rupees  about $ 1,100  going to the injured , the Press Trust of India reported .	Crash occurs late Saturday near Badaun , an official tells Indian state-run news agency In addition to the 36 killed , 28 needed treatment One vehicle was bringing people back from a ceremony marking the last rites of a relative Provincial government giving payments to those hurt and relatives of those killed
CNN  -- Two lesser lights stole the headlines as the San Antonio Spurs routed the Miami Heat 113-77 in Game Three of the 2013 NBA Finals . All talk ahead of the best-of-seven series centered on the "  Big Three " on each team , with San Antonio 's Tim Duncan , Tony Parker , Manu Ginobili set to take on Miami 's LeBron James , Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh . But it was Danny Green and Gary Neal of the Spurs who took the contest away from the defending champion at San Antonio 's AT & Center on Tuesday as the home side took a 2-1 series lead . Green scored 27 points with Neal scoring 24 as San Antonio , which last won the title in 2007 , sank a finals-record 16 three-pointers . "  Those guys stepping up on this stage in this game is huge for us , " Duncan told reporters after finishing with 12 points and 14 rebounds . "  We talked about it before the series started , how we 're going to have to have guys step up and guys play well in certain games . And we do n't expect a performance like this from those kind of guys , but they were great . " Parker was forced to withdraw with a hamstring injury in the second half , but even the loss of San Antonio 's star point guard could n't prevent a crushing win . "  It 's been a while since I shot the ball like that , " said Green . "  A couple games in the season , I shot it pretty well , but tonight it was a totally different level of feeling -- comfort level on the perimeter . " San Antonio will now sweat over the fitness of Parker , who will have an MRI scan to judge whether he will be fit for Thursday 's Game Four . Game Five , to be played on Sunday , will take place in San Antonio before the series return to Miami 's American Airlines Arena . "  We did n't do anything right , " said James , whose team lost in the 2011 finals . "  We ca n't play like that on either side of the floor if we want to win . "  At the end of the day it is just one win for them . We have to come out Thursday and do better . "	San Antonio Spurs beat Miami Heat 113-77 in Game Three of NBA Finals The Spurs take a 2-1 series lead thanks to a finals-record 16 three-pointers San Antonio point guard Tony Parker withdraws in second half through injury The Frenchman will have an MRI scan ahead of Game Four on Thursday
CNN  -- If there is one thing that Africa can learn from the global financial crisis it 's that the West does n't always get it right , Nobel Peace Laureate Wangari Maathai told CNN . Two young boys plow their dry cornfield in Kwale , Kenya which has been blighted by drought . "  It sends a message that anyone can make a mistake . Nobody has a blueprint and nobody is a know-it-all , " she said of the current turmoil engulfing the global banking system . "  I can tell you I never would have thought we could experience what we 're experiencing in America now , " she added . "  Because for one we never would have thought that the Americans could be caught ` asleep , ' not monitoring their financial system and therefore waking up one day and finding out that their most respected institutions are collapsing right and left . " The International Monetary Fund  IMF  has warned the global financial crisis will have a "  major impact , " on low-income countries . In a recent report , "  The Implications of the Global Financial Crisis for Low-Income Countries , " the Fund singled out sub-Saharan Africa as particularly vulnerable to the crisis , as lower global growth reduces export demand and depresses commodity prices . And last month , anti-poverty campaign group ActionAid forecast Africa 's income would drop by $ 49 billion dollars between 2007 and the end of this year . Most of that , it said , would be due to a fall in export earnings , aid and income from rich countries now in recession . "  Although developing countries did n't make this crisis , it has become all too clear that they are in the firing line when it comes to suffering its worst effects , " Claire Melamed , Head of Policy at ActionAid said in a statement accompanying the report . "  There is a real risk that development will start to go backwards in many countries as the money dries up and that the recession will lead to worsening poverty and terrible consequences for the men , women and children caught in its grip , " she added . Wangari Maathai said many Africans had become so accustomed to their daily struggles that they assumed life could not get any worse . "  Some of the impact that the western banks or the Western people are experiencing we 've been experiencing for decades , " Maathai said . "  We 've been raising and educating children who can not get any employment . Long ago our hospitals collapsed , our infrastructure collapsed , our education system collapsed . "  That 's why people are saying it ca n't get any worse , but you and I know it can get worse , " she said . Now 69 , Wangari Maathai has long campaigned for human rights and the empowerment of Africa 's most impoverished people . Watch Revealed : Wangari Maathai " More than thirty years ago she founded the Green Belt Movement , a tree-planting campaign to simultaneously mitigate deforestation and to give locals , especially women and girls , new purpose . They have since planted more than 40 million trees . In 2004 , she was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for her efforts to promote sustainable development , democracy and peace , and has recently repeated calls for Africans to ` rise up ' and demand greater accountability from their governments . See photos of Maathai receiving the Nobel Peace Prize " "  What Africa needs to know is that now that the world has its own crisis in its own hand , if they do n't take care of themselves and place themselves in a position where they can be assisted , they will suffer , the people will suffer , " Maathai told CNN . Earlier this month , the group of 20 industrialized nations agreed an unprecedented rescue package worth $ 1.1 trillion to tackle the global economic crisis . It included $ 750 billion dollars for the International Monetary Fund  IMF  , three times the Fund 's previous lending capacity , as well "  special drawing rights " to an additional $ 250 billion . Of the commitment , Maathai said : "  I 'm glad that the G20 identified that they must help the poor people , but the biggest problem for the poor developing countries in Africa is that they are already facing so many challenges . "	Nobel Peace Laureate says Africans need to take responsibility for future Wangari Maathai says global economic crisis shows West is fallible Maathai of the West : "  Nobody has a blueprint and nobody is a know-it-all "
Beijing  CNN  -- Bowing to intense pressure from local residents , authorities in a southwestern Chinese city abandoned plans to build a controversial billion-dollar chemical plant , the local government announced Tuesday afternoon . Earlier -- defying government orders -- residents of Shifang , in Sichuan Province , continued to rally against the planned construction of a molybdenum copper plant despite an official pledge to halt the project , a protester told CNN . The crowd on the streets thinned considerably after anti-riot police forcibly broke up thousands of protesting residents Monday afternoon , said the protester , who asked that her name not be used for fear of government reprisal . Widely circulated images on Chinese social media sites showed police dispersing unarmed protesters with batons and tear gas , and included images of residents -- including women and the elderly -- covered in blood . In several statements , the Shifang government said 13 residents suffered minor injuries in the clashes Monday but denied anyone had died . Warning residents to end the "  illegal protests " immediately , authorities also defended police actions as a last-resort response to an increasingly unruly mob . The demonstration started late Sunday , two days after officials broke ground on the controversial $ 1.6 billion Hongda Molybdenum Copper project , which they insisted had passed all environmental evaluations . Unconvinced local residents , worried about long-term pollution caused by the heavy metal plant , started gathering in the city center to demand the construction be stopped , according to government statements . They were concerned about health problems caused by potentially substantial releases of various toxic pollutants into the local environment . Those pollutants are released into air through smoke , and into ground and water supplies through the slag waste , a byproduct of a refinery 's production process that often includes elements like arsenic . Despite rainy weather , the crowd swelled Monday to thousands as angry residents took to the streets , chanting slogans and unfurling banners that read "  protect Shifang 's environment and give us back our beautiful home , " according to photos and videos posted online by protesters . After the mayor 's promise to suspend construction failed to reassure the crowd , some demonstrators hurled water bottles and potted plants at police and overturned official vehicles , forcing officers to disperse the crowd with tear gas and stun grenades , the government said . But Chinese residents on the country 's social media sites appear to have overwhelmingly supported protesters and their cause , and condemned the local government for its crackdown . Many have also applauded Shifang business owners who posted "  no police allowed " signs outside their restaurants and stores after Monday 's violent clashes . In a subtle sign of its dissatisfaction over local authorities ' handling of the situation , the government in Beijing has so far remained largely silent , continuing to allow messages and images of the protest to be uploaded online . Experts say the Shifang episode has again highlighted the rising danger in China 's behind-closed-doors environmental evaluation process . "  This is a typical case in which the lack of public participation in the decision-making process leads to greater confusion and conflicts between government and the general public , " said Ma Jun , a prominent environmentalist and head of the Beijing-based Institute of Public Environmental Affairs . "  In this case , the ideal solution is to re-evaluate the whole project to set an example for the future . " "  Another problem is that there 's no guarantee our existing regulations can be faithfully implemented , " he added . "  We 've had similar cases before and now apparently the public awareness has grown significantly . " The protest in Shifang is the latest example of China 's urban residents -- long considered the main beneficiaries of the government 's economic reforms -- banding together , often via the Internet , to defend their rights . Last August , a large protest prompted authorities in the northeastern port city of Dalian to shut down a controversial chemical plant that produced paraxylene  PX  , an allegedly carcinogenic compound used in the production of polyester films and fabrics . In 2008 , residents in Shanghai worried about radiation risks took to the streets to protest the construction of a high-speed rail line using the magnetic levitation technology , forcing the government to suspend the project indefinitely . And in 2007 , residents in the southeastern city of Xiamen marched against a local PX plant , which eventually moved out of the city .	Residents were worried about the possible release of toxic pollutants from the plant The Shifang government says 13 people were injured in clashes Monday Popular protests succeeded in closing other chemical plants and derailing a high-speed rail line
A divided U.S. House voted Tuesday to let the government borrow enough money to pay its bills for the next year , sending the measure to the Senate in an effort by Republican leaders to avoid another politically damaging legislative impasse over spending . In the 221-201 vote , less than three dozen of the majority House Republicans joined almost all of the chamber 's 200 Democrats to pass the proposal increasing the debt ceiling that lacked any deficit-reduction provisions sought by the GOP 's conservative wing . The vote followed a reversal in strategy by Republican House Speaker John Boehner after he and other leaders pushed the night before to attach a provision repealing cuts to military pensions to the debt limit measure . President Barack Obama and Democrats rejected any negotiation on what they called the responsibility of Congress to maintain the full faith and credit of the United States by ensuring sufficient borrowing authority to meet all obligations . White House spokesman Jay Carney called the House vote "  a positive step in moving away from the political brinkmanship that 's a needless drag on our economy . " Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said last week the debt ceiling must be raised by February 27 , or the nation would risk a technical default . A Senate vote could come as soon as Tuesday night or on Wednesday , hastened to beat a possible major winter storm expected to hit the region on Wednesday night . GOP change in tactics Until Tuesday , House Republicans insisted that any increase in the borrowing limit had to come attached to deficit-reduction provisions . At a closed-door meeting on Monday , they discussed a plan to increase the debt ceiling until March 2015 -- past the upcoming congressional elections in November -- while also repealing cuts to military pensions that were part of the recently passed federal budget . Less than 18 hours later , though , Boehner told reporters the GOP proposal could n't pass because "  we do n't have 218 votes , and when you do n't have 218 votes , you have nothing . " Some conservatives oppose raising the debt ceiling under any circumstance , while Democrats have made it clear they would unanimously reject any measure that tacked other provisions onto an increase in the borrowing limit . Without a purely Republican majority , Boehner decided to split up the GOP plan by holding separate votes on repealing the military pension cuts and a clean debt ceiling increase . The House easily passed the military pension measure earlier on Tuesday , sending it the Senate for further consideration . In the later vote on the debt ceiling , only 28 of the 227 Republicans who voted wound up siding with 193 Democrats to pass it , while 199 Republicans and two Democrats opposed it . Boehner earlier told reporters he would vote for it , and his top deputy -- House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia -- also supported the measure . Some Republicans not sure Republicans facing pressure from conservatives ahead of the November vote were reluctant to back any kind of hike in the borrowing limit , a core issue for the political right because it represents rising federal debt . Despite his support for the proposal , Boehner put the blame for needing a "  clean " debt-ceiling bill with no deficit reduction provisions on Obama , saying the rising federal debt was his fault . "  It 's the President driving up the debt and the President wanted to do nothing about the debt that 's occurring , will not engage in our long-term spending problem , " Boehner said . "  And so , let his party give him the debt ceiling increase that he wants . " At the same time , Boehner declared himself disappointed about what he called a "  lost opportunity " to address unsustainable federal spending . Senate strategy In the Senate , GOP leaders urged against a filibuster of a clean debt-ceiling bill by their colleagues . By refraining from a filibuster , which would require 60 votes to overcome , the Senate 's 45 Republicans can oppose the increase in the borrowing limit without getting accused of obstructing the 55-member Democratic caucus from passing it . However , GOP Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , a leader of the conservative tea party wing in Congress , said Tuesday he would filibuster the measure to force a 60-vote threshold . Senate leaders had wanted to vote on the debt ceiling plan no later than Wednesday , before the arrival of the storm . It was unclear if Cruz 's threatened filibuster would prevent an immediate vote from taking place . If Congress does n't pass a debt ceiling measure Wednesday , further action was unlikely until February 25 -- two days before the Treasury chief 's deadline -- because of a shortened congressional work schedule in coming weeks due in part to the Presidents Day break . Republicans across the ideological spectrum agree that another round of political brinksmanship could harm their party after it got blamed for October 's federal government shutdown . A recent CNN/ORC International poll found that 54 % of respondents would blame congressional Republicans for a failure to raise the debt ceiling , while 29 % would blame Obama and 12 % would blame both .	Less than three dozen Republicans join almost all of the Democrats to back bill GOP Sen. Cruz says he will filibuster the measure The debt ceiling must be raised by February 27 Republicans wanted to add conditions opposed by Democrats , White House
CNN  -- A top British police officer being investigated over a cover-up in connection with the death of 96 people in the Hillsborough stadium disaster in 1989 has resigned , his force said Wednesday . Sir Norman Bettison was with South Yorkshire Police at the time of the crush at Sheffield 's Hillsborough Stadium , and worked on an internal inquiry into what happened . Bettison has been under growing pressure since an independent report published last month was heavily critical of the role played by the police and emergency services . In response , Britain 's police watchdog , the Independent Police Complaints Commission , launched a criminal investigation into police misconduct -- saying the report "  revealed extremely serious and troubling issues for the police . " Bettison 's resignation as Chief Constable of the West Yorkshire Police is effective immediately , the force said in a statement Wednesday . He had held the position since 2006 . Media attention and the investigation by the IPCC were "  proving to be a huge distraction for the force , " the West Yorkshire Police Authority said Bettison said he had hoped to stay in his post to address the allegations against him , but was urged by the West Yorkshire Police Authority and others to stand down now . "  I do so not because of any allegations about the past , but because I share the view that this has become a distraction to policing in West Yorkshire now and in the future , " he said . Bettison said he had "  always felt the deepest compassion and sympathy for the families " of the Hillsborough victims and he shares their desire to know the truth about what happened . "  I have never blamed the fans for causing the tragedy , " he said . Bettison said he would cooperate fully with the criminal and IPCC investigations into the police handling of the disaster . The crush at Sheffield 's Hillsborough Stadium on April 15 , 1989 , has cast a lasting shadow over Liverpool and the surrounding Merseyside area . The families of those killed and injured have battled for two decades to get to the truth about what happened on that awful day , with the report by the independent panel a key step along that road . The Hillsborough Independent Panel found there had been "  strenuous attempts " by police to deflect responsibility for the disaster to Liverpool fans by falsely claiming they were drunk and aggressive . Its analysis also revealed that changes were made by South Yorkshire Police to police statements to remove and alter comments unfavorable to their organization . As many as 41 of those crushed could have survived had the emergency services ' response been better , the panel concluded -- something that the families of the victims had long suspected . The tragedy occurred when thousands of fans were let through a gate into an already crowded standing area , leading many to be crushed against metal fences and concrete walls . Horrifying images from the scene showed panicked men , women and children pushed and trampled with nowhere to go as police lost control of the crowd . The impact of English football 's darkest day lives on in the tributes still paid by Liverpool to its lost sons and daughters , husbands and fathers . But the tragedy also forced the sport to change on a national basis , and in a way still felt today , with stadiums modernized and made more family friendly , leading in turn to greater investment from sponsors and TV broadcasters . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Norman Bettison says he does not want to be a "  distraction " to police work Police officers are being investigated over the 1989 Hillsborough stadium disaster Bettison denies blaming Liverpool fans for the tragedy 96 people died and hundreds were injured in the crush at Hillsborough Stadium
CNN  -- A flooring contractor from Brooklyn , New York , received news he had dreamed of for more than a year when a Bolivian judge released him on bail Tuesday . Jacob Ostreicher wore a white bulletproof vest as he spoke with reporters after the hearing . Supporters of the businessman , 53 , who had been imprisoned for 18 months , say he faces death threats for exposing Bolivian government corruption connected with the case against him . "  His life remains at risk every day that he remains in Bolivia , " U.S. Rep. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey , said in a statement Tuesday . Ostreicher was arrested in June 2011 on suspicion of money laundering tied to a rice-growing operation . He has denied the accusations and has claimed for months that corrupt officials had trumped up the case . Bolivian authorities arrested six government officials last month , accusing them of trying to extort and steal from Ostreicher . Now some of his one-time accusers -- including former employees of the attorney general 's office and the country 's interior ministry -- are behind bars in the same prison where he was held . Bolivia 's state-run ABI news agency has described that facility -- the Palmasola prison in Santa Cruz , Bolivia -- as the country 's "  most dangerous and overcrowded . " On Tuesday , Ostreicher was released on bail of 100,000 bolivianos  about $ 14,200  , and now will be in more comfortable conditions , although the case against him has n't been dropped . He will remain under house arrest from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. , Judge Eneas Gentile ruled Tuesday , but can move freely at other times . Smith and U.S. Rep. Nydia Velazquez , D-New York , praised Ostreicher 's release as the "  first positive development " in the case . "  But this is only the beginning of the end , " Smith said . "  Jacob has incurred permanent damage to his health and has lost over 18 precious months of his life with his wife , children and grandchildren . " After the hearing , an ambulance transported Ostreicher to a clinic where he is being treated for Parkinson 's disease , ABI reported . In an interview with CNN en EspaÃ ± ol from a hospital bed earlier this month , Ostreicher said he was wearing a bulletproof vest out of fear for his safety , even as officials had been arrested in the corruption probe connected with his case . "  Actually I feel much less safe . That 's why you see me sleeping with this bulletproof vest , " he said . "  Because now there are some officials in prison . " The detention of Ostreicher , who at one point went on a hunger strike to protest his imprisonment , drew international attention . Actor Sean Penn sat at his side last week , calling for his release . Speaking to reporters Tuesday , Ostreicher said his case was only one of many in the South American country . "  I want Bolivia to know that not only my family and I have been victims of these extortioners who are detained today . Also hundreds of Bolivian families have been victims , and the greatest victim has been President Evo Morales , for which these people deserve to be punished with the harshest penalties that exist , " he said , according to ABI . Demonstrators outside the courthouse Tuesday both advocated and denounced Ostreicher , CNN affiliate Bolivision reported . Some claimed he had taken over land in Bolivia without paying for it . But members of Bolivia 's Jewish community said Ostreicher , an Orthodox Jew from Brooklyn , had been unjustly accused . Some of them held signs in Hebrew . "  He is one more Jew who is the victim of persecution , " one man said . "  We hope justice is done . We hope he is freed . Being free , he can defend himself . We hope that all of his property which has been seized , practically robbed , is returned to him . " Word of Ostreicher 's release was posted on the "  Free Jacob Ostreicher " Facebook page Tuesday . Below a series of news reports , there were photos of crestfallen children posted last week . "  Hanukah without our grandfather - second year that we spend it without him , " one caption said . Journalist Gloria Carrasco reported from La Paz , Bolivia , and CNN 's Fernando del Rincon and Mariano Castillo contributed to his report from Atlanta .	Jacob Ostreicher , who had been detained since June 2011 , was released A judge says the New York native will be under house arrest at night U.S. lawmakers say it 's the "  first positive development " in the case Six Bolivian officials were arrested in connection with the case last month
CNN  -- Laura Bush is suggesting she , her husband and several aides were poisoned during a 2007 visit to Germany for the G8 summit , one of several new details in the former first lady 's forthcoming memoir , "  Spoken From the Heart . " Due to hit bookshelves May 4 but purchased by CNN at a Washington-area bookstore , Mrs. Bush says she and former President George W. Bush became mysteriously sick on the Germany trip to such a degree that the president became bedridden . According to Mrs. Bush , doctors and the Secret Service investigated the possibility a poisoning had occurred but were unable to make a definitive conclusion . News reports filed during the event show the White House did disclose Bush missed a series of morning sessions at the summit because he had contracted an apparent virus , but White House officials did not provide further details at that time . Townsend : Bush illness investigated , poisoning unlikely "  Nearly a dozen members of our delegation were stricken , even George , who started to feel sick during an early morning staff briefing , " Mrs. Bush writes . " -LSB- O -RSB- ne of our military aides had difficulty walking and a White House staffer lost all hearing in one ear . Exceedingly alarmed , the Secret Service went on full alert , combing the resort for potential poisons . " "  George felt so ill that he met with -LSB- French President Nicolas -RSB- Sarkozy and did not even stand up to greet him , " she continues , adding later , "  We never learned if any other delegations became ill , or if ours , mysteriously , was the only one . " Excerpts of the book were first published by The New York Times on Tuesday . The 432-page memoir is both a recount of the rare experience of being a first lady and a reflection of the eight years she spent in the White House as her husband 's popularity gradually declined . Among the book 's most poignant passages are those that delve into Mrs. Bush 's involvement in a 1963 car collision in Midland , Texas , that killed her good friend who happened to be driving the other car . The spotty details surrounding the accident became fodder for Bush 's opponents during his first run for the White House , and Mrs. Bush rarely addressed the matter in public . Mrs. Bush covers the accident extensively in the memoir , revealing it occurred after she ran a stop sign in a rush to a drive-in theater . Then 17 , Mrs. Bush was driving a car that collided with that of Mike Douglas , a fellow student at Mrs. Bush 's school . Douglas was pronounced dead when he arrived at the hospital . "  In the aftermath , all I felt was guilty , very guilty . In fact , I still do . It is a guilt I will carry for the rest of my life , far more visible to me than the scar etched in the bump of my knee , " Mrs. Bush writes . "  The whole time I was praying that the person in the other car was alive . In my mind , I was calling ` Please , God . Please , God . Please , God , ' over and over and over again . " Mrs. Bush writes she and a friend were talking when she ran the stop sign but also says the intersection was highly dangerous , the road was dark , and she could barely see the stop sign . Guilt-ridden , Mrs. Bush says she lost her faith for "  many , many years . " "  It was the first time that I had prayed to God for something , begged him for something , not the simple childhood wishing on a star but humbly begging for another human life . And it was as if no one heard . My begging , to my seventeen-year-old mind , had made no difference . The only answer was the sound of Mrs. Douglas 's sobs on the other side of that thin emergency room curtain . " Much of the book 's early chapters are devoted to a recounting of family history , with a special emphasis on the tragedies faced by her family as they weathered the Great Depression and her own personal beginnings as a young woman coming of age in Midland , Texas . Mrs. Bush writes passionately about the time she spent after college teaching minority students in the large cities of Texas , before she met her future husband . Mrs. Bush also reveals that she initially received a cold reception from Barbara Bush after marrying her son . " -LSB- F -RSB- rom the start , she was ferociously tart-tongued . She 's never shied away from saying what she thinks , " Bush writes . "  She 's managed to insult nearly all of my friends with one or another perfectly-timed acerbic comment . " The relationship improved , however , when Laura and George moved to Washington to be closer to his parents , she writes . The memoir covers in detail many of the policy initiatives that the first lady undertook while in office , including her efforts to promote women 's rights in Afghanistan and childhood literacy in the United States . The first lady also acknowledges a misstep made by her twin daughters , who were caught trying to order alcoholic drinks in Austin , Texas , before their 21st birthday . "  That night in Austin was just dumb , in the way that so many nineteen-year-olds are dumb , " Mrs. Bush writes . "  But what bothered me long after the incident was over was the image left behind in the public mind , that Barbara and Jenna were party girls . " Much as she did during her time as first lady , Mrs. Bush for the most part avoids commenting on politics . But she does point to the 1992 presidential campaign of Bush senior as being particularly nasty . Mrs. Bush writes that during the campaign , critics created "  the most hideous caricatures of George H.W. Bush until I barely recognized my own father-in-law . " Bush also criticizes former presidential candidate John Kerry for mentioning the sexual orientation of Vice President Dick Cheney 's daughter during a 2004 debate , calling the move "  cheap and tawdry " and suggests the campaign opened the door to a more hostile atmosphere for political candidates and their families . "  The strategy of making Mary Cheney 's private life an issue failed with the voters in November of 2004 , " Bush writes . "  But in the years since , it has become acceptable to mock candidates and their families , and other elected officeholders , in highly personal ways ; David Letterman feels free to ridicule Sarah Palin 's teenage daughters , and the audience laughs . That is the legacy of the 2004 campaign . " Mrs. Bush also uses the memoir to air a few gripes against her husband 's most vocal congressional critics , specifically Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi . Reid once called Bush a "  loser , " while Pelosi said he was an "  incompetent leader . " "  The comments were uncalled for and graceless , " Bush writes . "  While a president 's political opponents , as well as his supporters , are entitled to make what they see as legitimate criticisms , and while our national debates should be spirited , these particular worlds revealed the petty and parochial nature of some who serve in Congress . " "  George , as president , would never have used such language about them , " she adds . President George W. Bush 's own memoir , "  Decision Points , " is set for a November 2010 release .	New York Times : Book says she and husband became ill , husband bedridden , in Germany Laura Bush says 1963 car crash in Texas that killed schoolmate caused loss of faith Criticism of president from Senate majority leader , House speaker graceless , she says Mrs. Bush says her mother-in-law , Barbara Bush , can be "  ferociously tart-tongued "
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Twenty Ukrainian prisoners of war have been released under the ceasefire between Kiev and pro-Russian rebels signed in Minsk , Belarus , last week , Ukraine 's President Petro Poroshenko said Monday . Ukraine 's counterterrorist operation press office said the freed prisoners were Ukrainian troops , telling CNN they had been exchanged for a "  terrorist . " Speaking in the port city of Mariupol , south of Donetsk , Poroshenko said 33 Ukrainian servicemen who had refused to surrender had also been able to leave the conflict zone . The Russian state news agency ITAR-Tass quoted the vice premier of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic , Andrei Purgin , as saying both sides had agreed to exchange "  30 for 30 " prisoners as a starting point . Russia 's RIA Novosti government news agency quoted DPR Prime Minister Alexander Zakharchenko as saying 28 servicemen had been handed over Sunday . "  It  the prisoner swap  takes place every day . Yesterday we handed over 28 captives and received even more in return , " it quoted him as saying . Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council spokesman Col. Andriy Lysenko said Ukraine had determined the whereabouts of more than 100 troops and efforts were being made to bring them home . He said the exact number of hostages was unknown . ` We know our enemy well ' The fledgling truce between the Ukrainian government and pro-Russian rebels began Friday evening , though both sides were already accusing each other of violating it by Saturday . Lysenko accused militants of trying to provoke Ukrainian forces in order to blame Kiev for violations . Poroshenko expressed hope the truce would hold . "  I believe that the efforts of diplomats will be successful , " he told military and border forces . But the Ukrainian leader warned that the country should not be caught off guard : "  We know our enemy well . We know the price of his words . I 've got no illusions about our opponent , but I 've got hope . " The Kremlin issued a statement saying that Russian President Vladimir Putin had spoken by phone with Poroshenko on Monday . "  The leaders continued to discuss steps to facilitate the peaceful settlement of the situation in southeast Ukraine . The dialogue will be continued , " it said . In spite of the ceasefire agreement , Putin remains under pressure from the West over Russia 's actions in Ukraine . The Ukrainian government and the West accuse Moscow of supporting the rebels with weapons and fighters -- allegations that Moscow has repeatedly denied . EU announces new sanctions Hours after the truce went into effect , European Union leaders meeting in Belgium agreed on a new round of economic sanctions against Russia . On Monday evening , the president of the European Council , Herman Van Rompuy , announced it had adopted "  further restrictive measures against Russia . " "  The sanctions aim at promoting a change of course in Russia 's actions destabilising eastern Ukraine and come in the wake of the European Council of 30 August , which condemned the increasing inflows of fighters and weapons from the territory of the Russian Federation into Eastern Ukraine and the aggression by Russian armed forces on Ukrainian soil , " he said in a statement . The measures will take force once they have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union . "  This will leave time for an assessment of the implementation of the cease-fire agreement and the peace plan . Depending on the situation on the ground , the EU stands ready to review the agreed sanctions in whole or in part , " the statement said . After Friday 's sanctions announcement , the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Russia "  will not fail to retaliate if such measures are adopted . " "  The EU would be better off supporting Donbas ' economic revival and bringing normalcy back to the region instead of frantically seeking to put more strain on Russian and its own economies , " it said . Donbas refers to a southeastern region of Ukraine encompassing Donetsk and Luhansk . Mariupol Poroshenko told staff at a metal works in Mariupol that Ukrainian forces would fight to ensure the city remained part of Ukraine . "  As commander in chief , I have commanded to ensure the defense of Mariupol and the regime of high combat readiness . Ukrainian militaries managed to stop tank attacks on Mariupol by which the enemy tried to ensure the passage to the Crimea , " he said . Mariupol is a strategic port city , lying between the Russian mainland and Crimea , which Russia annexed earlier this year . Poroshenko said that Ukraine needed financial and technical assistance and was confident that enhanced cooperation with NATO would help facilitate that . "  NATO managed to reach an agreement with several countries on direct supply of state-of-the-art weapons that will help us defend ourselves and win . " Ceasefire deaths Sporadic artillery and machine gun fire rang out in the early hours of Sunday on the outskirts of Mariupol . A gas station was set on fire , and cars carried wounded civilians down the roads . Shelling and explosions were also heard near the airport of the flashpoint city of Donetsk on Sunday morning , the city council said on its website . In both cities , the source of the weapons fire was n't immediately clear . The Mariupol city government said that pro-Russian rebels had carried out the shelling near the city overnight . It said one woman was killed and three people wounded . Poroshenko on Monday confirmed that one civilian had died in the city , as well as a Ukrainian soldier in Stanytsia-Luhanska . The OSCE Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine said its monitors also witnessed the shooting of a civilian in a car trying to cross a bridge at the Shchastya checkpoint from the direction of Luhansk on Saturday . The victim was a father traveling with his daughter and her mother , it said . ITAR-Tass late Saturday quoted rebel officials as saying that Ukrainian forces continued to shell Donetsk and rebel positions near Mariupol . RIA Novosti reported that four Donetsk residents were killed in the shelling . ` So much confusion ' Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian rebels have been locked in vicious fighting in eastern Ukraine since April , leaving more than 2,200 people dead , according to the United Nations . The conflict has triggered a humanitarian crisis in the region , where shelling has destroyed homes and infrastructure . Nationwide , more than a million people have been displaced from their homes by the fighting , most of them in the East . Ukrainian forces and the rebels have engaged in fierce fighting over the past week in the territory between the Russian border and Mariupol . A previous unilateral ceasefire declared by the Ukrainian government in June broke down after 10 days . Amnesty International , meanwhile , accused Ukrainian militias and rebels of carrying out war crimes . The human rights group singled out Russia for a buildup of armor and artillery in eastern Ukraine . Putin has voiced sympathy for the rebels , many of whom are ethnic Russians . But he denies that Russia has armed and trained the rebels , or sent its troops over the border . Does ceasefire in Ukraine have any chance of holding ? NATO : An amusing show for Putin ? NATO 's moment of truth on Ukraine	NEW : The European Council formally adopts further sanctions against Russia on Monday Ukraine and rebels confirm a prisoner release under the Minsk truce agreement The Kremlin says the Ukrainian and Russian presidents discussed the truce Monday Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko confirms death of one soldier , one civilian
CNN  -- Authorities found the wreckage of a plane that crashed days ago in Antarctica in a condition that suggested no one survived . Searchers found the plane , a Twin Otter aircraft carrying three people , close to the summit of Mount Elizabeth in Queen Alexandra Range , in Antarctica . The plane "  appears to have made a direct impact that was not survivable , " Maritime New Zealand said Saturday . On Sunday , the agency said a recovery effort was planned . While the crash site is remote , weather conditions were good for the operation . The fate of the three Canadian crew members aboard the aircraft had been unknown since the the flight went missing Wednesday . The plane was flying from the South Pole to an Italian base at Terra Nova Bay , Maritime New Zealand said . The missing crew had a kit that included survival suits , mountain tents , and enough food and water for five days . The aircraft was believed to have been flying at a height of 13,000 feet in the rugged Queen Alexandra Range . It is a long distance from any bases in Antarctica . The Twin Otter was operated by Calgary-based Kenn Borek Air Ltd. .	NEW : Recovery effort planned Three Canadians were flying from the South Pole to Terra Nova Bay in Antarctica Plane wreckage suggests no one survived the crash The missing crew 's survival kit had enough food and water for five days
CNN  -- Sarah Murnaghan fully understands all she 's been through : her lifelong battle with cystic fibrosis that led to her deteriorating lungs , the campaign her parents waged that temporarily changed national policy surrounding organ transplants , and the fact that she came so close to death in the days leading up to her two double lung transplants . "  She said , ` Mommy , I knew I was dying , ' " Janet Murnaghan recalls . "  That was like a very crushing moment for me . And she said ' I just did n't want to tell you I was dying because I did n't want to upset you . ' " Her parents say that was the toughest part . "  She asked , ` If I go to sleep , will I wake up the next morning ? ' " remembers her father , Fran Murnaghan . Today , spirits are vastly different than they were two months ago , when Sarah -- who 's had cystic fibrosis since birth -- was in dire shape after being on the waiting list for pediatric lungs for 18 months . Her first transplant was a failure . After keeping Sarah alive for days by circulating her blood outside of her body to keep oxygen flowing , she received a second transplant . Aside from a brief scare with pneumonia , this one was a success . Now Sarah and her family are preparing to head home for the first time in half a year . "  I 'm very excited , " Sarah says , with a low , raspy voice , because of the tracheostomy tube that remains in her throat . "  I would like to play with my brothers and sister . " She also has plans to go horseback riding and try her hand on a soccer team . All things , the family now believes , she 's very likely to accomplish . Speaking exclusively to CNN for the first time since the surgery , Janet and Fran Murnaghan say 11-year-old Sarah could be discharged from Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia as early as Tuesday . "  We have n't been a family in a while , " Janet says . "  It 's ... hard to be a family when half the family lives at CHOP  Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia  and half lives at home . " Sarah 's parents say her lung biopsies show 0 % rejection of her new lungs , and on Saturday she was officially taken off her oxygen machine . However , she still needs mechanical assistance â $ " and will for some time -- until her diaphragm regains its strength . "  The lungs are doing great , " Fran says , adding that at this stage it 's all about rehabilitation of Sarah 's muscles . "  What 's really exciting is that we know we are on the road to recovery now . " Because she was in a medically induced coma and essentially paralyzed for more than three weeks , Sarah 's body needs to relearn many things , including how to walk . Her physical therapy sessions can last for three hours each day and include weightlifting and cardio components . Though the process of recovery will be a long one â $ " Janet estimates nine months to a year â $ " Sarah is up for the challenge . Asked if she considers herself a tough girl , Sarah says , "  Yes , very . " "  Because every time I faced things that I thought were going to be hard , then I 've done them . " Janet says when things get difficult , she and Fran do their best not to let their emotions show , especially around Sarah . But they admit it 's happened . "  She 'll say , ` Mom what 's wrong ? ' I said , ` It 's just hard Sarah . You worked so hard today , and you 're obviously so exhausted . I wish life were easier for you . ' And she said to me , ` But it 's not easy , and that 's OK . ' " Dr. Sanjay Gupta on Sarah 's story And that 's been Sarah 's mantra : "  I 'm not going for easy , I 'm just going for possible ... And what 's in front of me right now is possible . " Janet and Fran are quick to call Sarah a fighter , even though anyone who meets her knows it from the start , and these days they have more confidence than they 've had in months that they 'll be able to see their daughter live out a life that 's closer to normal . "  I fully plan to watch her graduate from college and watch her get married someday and do whatever it is she wants to do , " Janet says . "  I just do n't think they 're going to be as easy for her to obtain those things as somebody else , but I think she is going to have them . " It is n't lost on anyone in the Murnaghan family that their daughter may not be here today if it were n't for the fierce public battle the two parents waged that started with Facebook and quickly spread to the national media . Janet and Fran 's fight has temporarily changed national policy , making children younger than 12 eligible for priority on adult lung transplant lists . "  This is an issue that will always matter to me , " Janet says , adding that she 'll keep fighting because the country needs "  a better plan " for distributing organs . For now , though , their focus remains on helping Sarah get her strength back . "  I think you 'll see Sarah a year from now as a kid going into sixth grade , walking confidently back into school like every other sixth grader , " Janet says . "  It 's  not going to happen tomorrow , but it will happen . " "  She 's going to get what she wants , and we 're going to get what we want , which is just a regular kid . " If you 'd like to help the Murnaghan family , they 've set up a donation page at www.gofundme.com/3c4dh0 to assist in their medical expenses .	Sarah 's cystic fibrosis made family think she would n't live past 10 Groundbreaking lung transplant lets her see 11th birthday , look to years ahead Her parents say they 'll keep up the fight to include children on adult transplant lists
Port-au-Prince , Haiti -- Extending U.S. trade preferences for Haiti could create as many as 100,000 jobs that would boost the earthquake-ravaged country 's recovery , former President Bill Clinton said during a visit to the Haitian capital Monday . Clinton and former President George W. Bush visited Haiti on behalf of the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund , which was established to raise money for long-term recovery in the impoverished nation . In an exclusive interview with CNN , Clinton said that to help Haiti beyond the short term , the U.S. Congress should extend trade preferences that would allow Haiti to increase the amount of textiles Haiti can export into the United States . "  Because if we do , and we say we 're going to do it for a longer period of time , we can get massive investment here  and  create tens of thousands or perhaps even 100,000 jobs , " Clinton said . Korean businesses have already expressed an interest in investing in additional textile manufacturing facilities in Haiti if such an extension is passed , Clinton said . Brazil 's foreign minister recently told Clinton that his country would follow in investing as well . On Monday , Clinton and Bush met with Haitian leaders , visited a camp for displaced Haitians and toured two small businesses in Port-au-Prince , Haiti . The U.S. presidents spoke with Haitian President René Préval at a news conference Monday . "  My mission is to work with President Clinton to remind the American people there is still suffering and work to be done here , " Bush said . Clinton also said he supported the development of Haiti 's domestic agriculture industry as a key to development and recovery . During the periods of the Clinton and Bush presidencies , the conventional wisdom was that by opening up countries like Haiti to subsidized agricultural imports from the United States and other developed nations , Haiti could industrialize faster . Both president 's policies followed this logic , which Clinton now said was ultimately harmful and abandoned in recent years . Haitians were enthusiastic about seeing the American presidents , but shouted "  down with Préval , " referring to their own leader . A 7.0-magnitude earthquake killed at least 220,000 people on January 12 and demolished large parts of Port-au-Prince . About 300,000 people were injured and 1 million were left homeless , government officials said . The two former leaders started the joint effort at the request of President Barack Obama . It aims to raise funds for relief and rebuilding work , economic opportunities and improving the quality of life for Haitians affected by the quake . Various celebrities have donated to the fund , including actor Leonardo DiCaprio who gave $ 1 million . The organization raised more than $ 37 million in the weeks after the disaster , according to its Web site . CNN 's Lonzo Cook contributed to this report .	Clinton said Congress should extend trade preferences for Haiti Bush wanted to remind people "  there is still suffering and work to be done here " Haitians happy to see presidents , but shouted "  down with Préval "
CNN  Police in the Indian city of Malegaon , in the western state of Maharashtra , are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents : Cattle . Following a recent state-wide ban on the sale and consumption of beef , authorities in the city have asked residents to take a ` mugshot ' of their cattle and submit it to the police . Along with the photograph , the residents have to give information about their animal 's ` unique features , ' such as the coloring and age of the cow , along with the length of its tail and other distinctive characteristics . Police officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law . Cows are considered holy and revered by that state 's majority Hindu population . "  We are creating a database . If we get an information of a cow slaughter , we can quickly go to the resident 's place and check whether it is there or not " , Mahesh Sawai , Deputy Superintendent of Malegaon Police told CNN . "  I believe this will be very effective " So far over 100 owners have complied with the police order and more are lining up outside police stations across the city to get their livestock photographed . The ruling came in the wake of a recent case of cow slaughter in Malegaon , where two men have been charged for killing the animal and and selling its meat . The Maharashtra Animal Preservation Bill now includes bans on the killing of bulls and bullocks in its list of non-bailable offenses . Even the consumption or sale of beef could now land you in prison for five years . The slaughter of buffaloes , however , is still permissible . However , beef traders in the country strongly reacted to the decision and called a month-long strike , which ended Wednesday . The traders refused to even slaughter buffaloes and deprive the state of all bovine meat . They have now vowed to file a case in the state 's high court . Red meat lovers were n't too delighted either , arguing the government does n't have a right to interfere in an individual 's personal preference . Maharashtra is not the only Indian state to tighten its laws on cow slaughter . Haryana state has implemented a maximum punishment of 10 years in prison , the toughest penalty in the country . Rajnath Singh , India 's Home Minister has promised that he would do all to devise a country-wide law against cow slaughter .	Authorities in the Indian city of Malegaon have asked residents to take a ` mugshot ' of their cattle Cows are revered by the majority Hindu population , and many parts of the country have laws banning the slaughter of cattle Officials in Malegaon believe this is the best way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law
CNN  -- It was Manchester City 's big moment , a chance to show how far the "  noisy neighbors " from the blue half of town have come from under the shadows of their big rivals -- but the day of wild celebrations ended with a humble apology to one of football 's most iconic names . When Carlos Tevez lifted a banner proclaiming "  R.I.P. Fergie " during a victory parade marking a 44-year wait for an English league title , it brought into sharp focus comments by Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson back in 2009 . "  Not in my lifetime , " the Scot said when asked if his team would ever be underdogs against City . United may not have been underdogs this season , but certainly had to play second fiddle as City won both league derby clashes and snatched the Premier League crown from Ferguson 's team in the final minutes of the campaign , if only by the narrowest of margins . Arabian dreams : Abu Dhabi celebrates title success City officials , to their credit , moved quickly to say sorry . "  The creation of the tasteless material is in itself reprehensible and in accepting and brandishing it , Carlos has made a significant error of judgment , " said a club spokeswoman . "  The club wishes to express its sincerest apologies to Sir Alex Ferguson and Manchester United Football Club for any offense or distress caused . " Tevez , who has history with Ferguson after his acrimonious departure from Old Trafford to join City in 2009 , was also contrite . "  I got carried away in the excitement of the moment and I certainly did n't mean any disrespect to Sir Alex Ferguson , who I admire as a man and a manager , " said the Argentina international , who was given the banner by a supporter . Did City win the title - or did United throw it away ? The incident took some of the gloss off an event that saw more than 100,000 people line the streets of Manchester to celebrate City 's triumph . However , chairman Khaldoon al-Mubarak was at pains to emphasize that the club 's first title since the Premier League began 20 years ago is only a small step in the plans of City 's Abu Dhabi owners , especially in context of United 's 12 championships in that period . "  Manchester United set the benchmark for success for every club , " Khaldoon said in an interview with City 's website . "  I have the highest respect for Manchester United and Sir Alex Ferguson . To get 89 points and not win the league is unbelievable . "  We are trying to accomplish just some of what Manchester United have been able to do in the past . We look at teams like United , Barcelona , Real Madrid , AC Milan and Bayern Munich and what they mean to their cities . "  This is one step in that direction but there is a long way to go yet . " City 's success has come , in large part , due to a spending spree of hundreds of millions of dollars on star players such as Sergio Aguero , Yaya Toure , Tevez , Samir Nasri , Mario Balotelli and David Silva , and there has been widespread speculation that Arsenal 's Premier League-leading scorer Robin van Persie will be the next big-money buy . But Khaldoon said the future emphasis would be on developing a new training and academy facility to nurture talent to comply with UEFA 's new financial fair play rules . "  We have a championship-winning team . We are not starting from the same point as in other preseasons , " Khaldoon said . "  We have had to improve in a very dramatic manner . Now we have a nucleus of players who have won the FA Cup and the Premier League . To improve further we have to harness that nucleus and to improve in a tactical way . "  You 're not going to see any major changes . There will be improvements but it will be in a very manageable way . "  When you look at financial fair play , when you look at what the academy does for the community , how do we manage the evolution of this club over the next 10 years , it is fundamental to our growth strategy to have a continually successful program that produces young talent into the first team . "  Already today there are some wonderful young players in the academy and the reserve team , players who I think will be future superstars . " Khaldoon said this season 's success will help further City 's goal of becoming one of the world 's biggest clubs . "  Today we are a global brand , that was n't the case three years ago . We go to the United States , Malaysia , China , Argentina ... Manchester City has become an important club with a growing fan base , " he said . "  If we are not there already , we are very close to being the most popular club in the Middle East . Asia is a huge market with a lot of potential and as Premier League champions that gives us a lot of benefits , the same with North and South America . " Manager Mancini and his squad paraded the trophy on an open-top bus tour of the northern city on Monday . To continuous chants of "  champione " there was a massive roar when the team first emerged on a raised stage in front of the historic town hall . Mancini and captain Vincent Kompany received the biggest applause when they came out last , carrying the EPL trophy they had snatched from city rivals and defending champions Manchester United in the dramatic finale . City beat QPR 3-2 Sunday with two goals in stoppage time from Edin Dzeko and Aguero to edge out United , 1-0 winners at Sunderland , on goal difference . Belgian star Kompany told the gathered fans : "  I want to say thank you , you guys have been amazing . " Mancini added : "  I think that you should be proud of these players . They did everything for you . They wanted to win this championship for you . " For United fans , there was also some consolation late Monday when the club announced that veteran midfielder Paul Scholes would play on for another season . The 37-year-old former England international midfielder came out of retirement midway through the campaign and starred for the former champions in several matches . However , Ferguson was not complimentary to City 's spending policy when he talked about his postseason plans , with both clubs having been linked to young Belgian star Eden Hazard -- who is expected to leave French club Lille . "  We know City are going to spend fortunes , pay stupid money and silly salaries . We know that happens . We ca n't do anything about that , " Ferguson told United 's television channel . "  We are not like other clubs who can spend fortunes on proven goods . We invest in players who will be with the club for a long time , who will create the character of the club and the excitement for our fans . We are good at that and we are going to continue that way . " Meanwhile , controversial QPR midfielder Joey Barton , who was sent off at the Etihad for elbowing Tevez in an off-the-ball incident , has been hit with two charges of violent conduct by the English Football Association . Barton , who departed early in the second half to leave his team with 10 men , clashed with both Aguero and Kompany on his way off the pitch . And while City celebrated their title success , Aston Villa manager Alex McLeish paid the price for a poor season which saw them narrowly avoid relegation . Villa , among the founding members of the English football league , announced in a statement Monday that McLeish had been sacked after just under a year in charge . The club 's American owner Randy Lerner gave his reasons in a statement on their official website . "  We need to be clear and candid with ourselves and with supporters about what we have lacked in recent years . "  Compelling play and results that instil a sense of confidence that Villa is on the right track have been plainly absent . " Paul Lambert , manager of Norwich City who beat Villa 2-0 on the last day of the season , is the early favorite to succeed fellow Scot McLeish .	Manchester City apologize for "  tasteless " banner held up by Carlos Tevez during parade Banner read "  RIP Fergie ' "  referred to Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson City chairman says the club 's policy of big signings will change after title win However , Ferguson says City will continue to spend "  stupid money "
CNN  -- The family of Sarah Murnaghan , the 10-year-old girl whose quest for a lung transplant prompted a change in national transplant policy , said Thursday her first biopsy shows no rejection of her donor lungs . Sarah , who was born with cystic fibrosis , had the lung transplant June 12 and is still unable to talk because of tubes in her throat . But in a video shared by her family Thursday -- the first one since her surgery -- Sarah waves and mouths "  hi " and "  I love you " to her mother , sitting off camera . The family said Sarah had surgery Wednesday to fix her diaphragm to support her new lungs . The biopsy was taken during the operation , they said . "  Sarah had a nice , stable night , " the family wrote on a Facebook page set up for Sarah . "  Her pain is increased , but they seem to be able to manage it . Overall she seems relieved the surgery is over , sitting waiting yesterday made her very anxious . " The diaphragm surgery was Sarah 's fourth in less than a month . Shortly after her lung transplant June 12 , the donated lungs failed , and Sarah had emergency surgery to put her on a bypass machine that took over the work of the lungs . Sarah received a new set of lungs three days later . Her family explained later that the first set of lungs was in poor condition when Sarah received them , but they decided to proceed with the surgery because "  Sarah was out of time to wait . " The second set of lungs was infected with pneumonia , but again the family went ahead with the transplant because "  they were Sarah 's best and only hope . " Since then , the family says , her lungs have improved with each day and continue to work better and better . Sarah was on the transplant list for children 's lungs for 18 months . She was n't able to qualify for adult lungs because she was too young ; the agency that oversees transplants , the Organ Procurement and Transplant Network , had a policy that children only 12 or older could be prioritized for adult organs . The family petitioned Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to change the rules so Sarah could qualify for adult lungs . They argued the rule was unfair , and several lawmakers also asked Sebelius to act . On June 5 , the Murnaghans asked a federal judge to issue a restraining order to block Sebelius from having the organ network apply the rule . The judge granted the injunction and ordered Sebelius to direct the network to waive the rule in Sarah 's case . The family said they never asked that Sarah be placed in front of anyone on the transplant list who was in a more serious condition . Days later , the organ network approved a change to their policy to allow lung transplant programs to request additional priority for younger transplant candidates . The change is effective for a year , when it must be approved by the board of directors .	A biopsy shows no rejection of Sarah Murnaghan 's donor lungs A new video from the family shows Sarah waving , mouthing "  hi " The 10-year-old with cystic fibrosis received new lungs last month Her family won a change in national lung transplant policy
CareerBuilder.com  -- Are you an online enthusiast ? The dictionary does n't have a definition for it just yet , but if it were to exist , I suspect it would look something like this : Internet enthusiast  n  : 1 . One whose hand has molded to fit the contour of the computer mouse ; 2 . One who feels energized by the glow of a computer screen in much the same way a fresh cup of coffee makes most people feel in the morning ; 3 . One who dreads going to sleep because he or she is unable to go online for eight hours . Is this you ? Do you hate the fact that your job gets in the way of your Internet activity ? Perhaps you do n't let that stop you from surfing the Web during the day and praying the boss wo n't catch you . Whatever the situation may be , you might be better off at a different job . Say , a job where you 're paid for your love of everything online . Maybe you need help weaning yourself off of the computer , but until your friends and family stage an intervention , you should consider one of these "  webtastic " jobs . Branding consultant Branding is a buzzword that has worked its way into the permanent lexicon . Companies , organizations and individuals want to have a brand -- an identity that customers instantly recognize and respond to positively . Much of that branding is formed online via ad campaigns , press and customer interaction . Branding consultants help companies identify what type of brand they want . They then help create it and keep it consistent through all outlets . They know the likes and dislikes of their target audience so they try to be in front of them as much as possible to get exposure and gauge their reactions . The placement of banner ads , the spread of viral videos and other places you see a company 's advertisements are the results of branding consultants ' efforts . Public relations director The world of PR is busy and ever-changing . In fact , what you do as a public relations specialist or director depends on the organization in which you work . What is the same everywhere is the need to monitor what type of media attention you 're getting and employ damage control if necessary . Directors give interviews online , in print , on radio and on TV to speak on the company 's behalf . They stay on message so the company presents a cohesive voice at all times . Directors also monitor what publications and critics , both online and offline , are saying about the company and are prepared to respond to all inquiries that come their way . Recruiter The Internet has been changing industries for more than a decade . Recruiting has also experienced a shift , mostly due to networking sites . Sites where people can post their education history , work experience and skills are ripe for recruiters who need to find new talent . By logging on to a social network , they have access to thousands of potential employees at the click of their mouse . Of course , good recruiters want the right candidate , so they spend hours scouring different networks to find the most qualified individuals . Social media consultant Social media is still relatively new in the business world , as is this position . In some companies , a social media consultant is a busy , high-level job . In others , it 's a part-time gig suited for an intern . What you can be certain of is the need to find new ways to engage customers online . Companies need someone to set up and maintain accounts on Twitter , Facebook , MySpace and any other social media site that pops up . The social media consultant might work for a public relations director or alongside a branding consultant . Whatever the case , this person needs to keep the content fresh , monitor user feedback and create a persona for the company -- all through the click of a mouse . User operations analyst What one thing do advertisers and site owners want to know more than anything else ? How online users behave -- the pages they visit , how far they scroll down a page , how many clicks they are willing to make to find information and anything else that gives insight to how users navigate a site . User operations analysts monitor how users interact with the site and they also answer users ' questions or listen to their feedback to see what they want in a site . The analysts then share their information with the site owner . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	The Internet has been changing industries for more than ten years , now What you do as a public relations specialist or director differs depending on that particular organization Recruiters have access to thousands of potential employees at the click of their mouse thanks to social networks
CNN  -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , who underwent surgery this week to remove her thyroid , did not actually have cancer , her spokesman said Saturday . Fernandez underwent the procedure for what doctors said was papillary carcinoma in her thyroid gland . A post-surgery examination , however , showed that there were no cancerous cells , and the original diagnosis of cancer has been discarded , spokesman Alfredo Scoccimarro said . Fernandez was released from the hospital and will continue her recovery from the presidential residence , he said . "  We thank God and all the Argentinean people for the blessings received , " Fernandez said on her Twitter account Saturday morning . Given the new diagnosis , planned radiation therapy will not be necessary , the spokesman said . Her 3 1/2 - hour operation had been called a success without complications . Hundreds of supporters had waved flags and banners outside the Austral Hospital , located about 60 kilometers  35 miles  from Buenos Aires . Before the operation , Fernandez handed over power to Vice President Amado Boudou until January 24 . Fernandez , 58 , was sworn in for a second four-year term last month after she won re-election with more than 54 % of the vote . She became Argentina 's president in 2007 . Her husband , Nestor Kirchner , was president from 2003 to 2007 . He died in October 2010 . During Fernandez 's presidency , Argentina 's economy has enjoyed sustained growth of about 8 % annually . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report .	President Fernandez underwent surgery this week Doctors now say she never had cancer Post-surgery tests led them to modify the diagnosis
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Hundreds of French workers , angry about proposed layoffs at a Caterpillar factory , were holding executives of the company hostage Tuesday , a spokesman for the workers said . Caterpillar 's French staff say they are angry about a lack of negotiations over layoffs . It is at least the third time this month that French workers threatened with cutbacks have blockaded managers in their offices to demand negotiations . Executives were released unharmed in both previous situations . The latest incident started Tuesday morning at the office of the construction equipment company in the southeastern city of Grenoble . The workers were angry that Caterpillar had proposed cutting more than 700 jobs and would not negotiate , said Nicolas Benoit , a spokesman for the workers ' union . They did not want to harm the Caterpillar executives , Benoit told CNN . One hostage was released Tuesday evening leaving workers with four captives inside the Caterpillar building . The released man was a human resources director identified only as Mr. Petit , because he has heart problems , union representative Bernard Patrick told CNN . Petit had a heart attack a few weeks ago , Patrick said . The four others still being held are Nicolas Polutnik , the head of operations ; two other executives ; and Petit 's personal assistant , he said . About 500 employees were also outside the building protesting . A top Caterpillar executive called the hostage-taking unhelpful . "  The actions that are taking place today , led by a small minority of individuals , are not helping as we work for a positive resolution of this situation , " said Chris Schena , Caterpillar vice president with responsibility for manufacturing operations in Europe , Africa and the Middle East , in a statement . "  The best way to resolve this matter is to continue the negotiations through the Works Council to find a solution that 's fair to our employees and allows Caterpillar to remain a leader in a rapidly changing global marketplace , " Schena said , adding that the company was "  concerned for the safety of our employees . " Benoit said all the workers wanted to do was negotiate with Caterpillar and they were upset that the company did not show up to two earlier scheduled negotiating sessions . The employees being held in their office were being allowed to get food , Benoit added . Police arrived at the scene two hours after the incident began but it had not been settled . Employees at a French 3M factory held a manager hostage for more than 24 hours Wednesday and Thursday of last week over a dispute about terms for laid-off staff . Luc Rousselet , who was unharmed , was allowed to leave the plant in Pithiviers , central France , early on Thursday morning after talks between unions and officials from 3M France . Earlier this month , the boss of Sony France was held overnight before workers freed him after he agreed to reopen talks on compensation when the factory closed . France has been hit by nationwide strikes twice in the past two months .	NEW : Workers release one of five people being held hostage at Caterpillar factory Workers angry that Caterpillar propose cutting more than 700 jobs They did not want to harm the executives but get them to negotiate , official says A senior Caterpillar executive called the hostage-taking "  unhelpful "
CNN  -- It 's been almost 20 years since the first "  Toy Story " debuted in 1995 , but the franchise is still going strong . On Thursday , Disney Chairman and CEO Bob Iger revealed that "  Toy Story 4 " is coming in June 2017 to the delight of pretty much everyone -- well , except those still grieving from "  Toy Story 3 . "  Our hearts seriously may never recover . But everyone else ? Totally losing their minds . Yeah , we know you 're excited . But as this fan perfectly summed up the news , we 've still got a looooong way to go until June 2017 . So let 's take a trip down memory lane and revisit the movie that started it all , shall we ? Here are five things you may not know about 1995 's "  Toy Story " : 1 . It all goes back to a short called "  Tin Toy " In 1988 , Pixar created a short film using computer animation called "  Tin Toy , " which told the story of a little toy soldier who was horrified by the babbling baby eager to play with him . With that Oscar-winning short , Pixar 's John Lasseter first started playing with "  this notion of a juxtaposition with the audience , " as Lasseter puts it in the documentary "  The Making of Toy Story . " "  It 's where you can show them something that they are so familiar with , and all of a sudden you can make them look at something from a different point of view , " he explains . "  Like , looking at a cute little baby from a toy 's perspective . From a toy , that  baby 's  a monster ! We were inspired from ` Tin Toy ' with the ideas we developed there of toys being alive . " Pixar then played around with the idea of the "  Tin Toy , " Tinny , being one of two stars of a toy-focused buddy movie . But when the animation studio landed on the idea of the movie being set in a kid 's bedroom , where one new toy would come to join the older ones , it did n't quite add up that a kid would be that excited about such a simple plaything . Enter Buzz Lightyear . 2 . Buzz Lightyear was originally called "  Lunar Larry " The action hero Buzz Lightyear is essentially a mashup of all of the Pixar team 's favorite toys , and he was initially named "  Lunar Larry . "  The team also tried out something like "  Tempest from Morph . " Tim Allen also was n't the only actor under consideration for the part . In 2001 , Billy Crystal admitted that he too had been offered the role . "  It 's the only regret I have in the business of something I passed on , " Crystal said . As for Woody , brought to life by Tom Hanks , that was inspired by John Lasseter 's Casper the Friendly Ghost toy , which also had that old-fashioned pull-string . 3 . "  Toy Story " was n't supposed to be the movie 's title "  Toy Story " was supposed to just be the working title for the project , and not what it was supposed to be called when it arrived in theaters . Back in 2011 , "  Toy Story 3 " director Lee Unkrich turned to Twitter to reveal some of the options that were floating around back in the '90s .  Unkrich served as an editor on the first "  Toy Story . " Some of the options were pretty straightforward , titles like "  Made in Taiwan " "  Moving Buddies " and "  The Cowboy & The Spaceman . " And then there were some really creative ones , from "  Toyz in the Hood " to "  Bring Me The Arm of Buzz Lightyear . " We 're kind of a fan of the potential title "  To Infinity and Beyond , " though . 4 . The movie almost did n't happen According to Entertainment Weekly , November 19 , 1993 was a dark day for Pixar 's creative team . That was when the studio presented a collection of story reels to Disney , whose animation chief was not at all into it . Among the complaints was that action figure astronaut Buzz Lightyear and quaint cowboy Woody were just unlikable and had awkward chemistry .  In the words of Joss Whedon , "  The original Woody was a thundering a ****** . " To fix it , Pixar re-examined their two starring characters -- and listened more closely to the voices behind them . "  We originally thought Buzz was a heroic kind of super space hero Dudley Do-Right who always does the big gesture , " said producer Ralph Guggenheim . "  But that was a setup for a big fall . We listened to Tim  Allen 's  recordings and wound up with a self-confident but modest space cop , a Sgt. Joe Friday who does his job every day . " And for Hanks ' Woody , who originally was supposed to be the top toy who reigned over the bedroom from the top of the bed , Pixar toned down some of the sarcasm and made him less of a dictator . "  When we moved him down to the floor with the other toys who looked up to him as Andy 's favorite , " Guggenheim said , "  he became one of the guys , more likable . " 5 . The license plate number on Andy 's mom 's minivan has a special meaning Several Pixar fans make it a game to watch for hidden messages in the company 's films , and the sequence "  A113 " is one of them . According to Disney Insider , that was the room number for a class Pixar 's John Lasseter , Brad Bird , Pete Docter and Andrew Stanton were all in at CalArts . You can spot that sequence on the license plate of the minivan driven by Andy 's mom in "  Toy Story , " "  Toy Story 2 " and "  Toy Story 3 . "	The "  Toy Story 4 " announcement has thrilled fans But the original 1995 movie almost did n't happen Here are four other fun facts about the film
CNN  -- Surviving economically in downtrodden Elkhart , Indiana , may require doing some things you do n't want to do . Elkhart , Indiana , has become the poster child for the nation 's economic downturn . "  Here in Elkhart , I 've never seen things as bad as they are , " lifelong resident Yvonne Sell said Tuesday . "  When you open the newspaper , unless you want to be a topless dancer , there 's nothing . " Elkhart became the poster child for the nation 's economic downturn when President Obama visited there Monday and then mentioned it several times during his first White House press conference . Unemployment in the Elkhart-Goshen , Indiana , area was 15.3 percent in January , the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported , the fourth highest of any U.S. metropolitan area . Elkhart 's unemployment rate has spiked more than 10 percentage points in the past 13 months . But is it really that bad in Elkhart ? According to Sell and several other business owners and workers , it is . Sell and her four co-owners are in the process of selling Blessing Music Co. , which has sold , rented and repaired musical instruments for school bands since 1916 . "  We 're not making money . It 's just too tight , " Sell said . The company has high overhead and a "  considerable " high-interest loan , and credit continues to be a problem , she said . Sell said she is n't hopeful that any government plan will kick-start commerce in Elkhart or elsewhere . The banks , which started the mess , have already been bailed out , she said , but "  I 'm not seeing them loosening their purse strings . " Small businesses as well as individuals need credit -- not government spending -- to keep the economy churning , she said . Take , for example , recreational vehicles , one of the town 's knotted lifelines : Sell said she knows plenty of people willing to purchase RVs , but they ca n't without a bank loan . "  People wo n't buy them because they 're too scared , " she said . "  I do n't personally see how spending the amount of money -LSB- Congress is -RSB- talking about spending is going to stimulate the economy . " Robert Dunlop runs a different kind of business , but he agrees with Sell . "  Unfortunately , when you drop a ton of money to pay billion-dollar bonuses on the East Coast , it kind of sucks on the Midwest , " said Dunlop , president of J.A. Wagner Construction Co. in Elkhart . "  If banks can free up a little bit of credit so that people can buy products and get people back to work , that would be good for this area . " People in Elkhart who were interviewed said they do n't have much confidence in the government 's ability to resolve the crisis , though Dunlop said he thinks tax relief would help some . "  Unfortunately , you still have to have a job to have relief from the tax burden , and a lot of these people are behind in house payments and , quite frankly , it 's a vicious cycle : You do n't have a job , you ca n't make your house payment , you 're not out buying anything . Even if you reduce the tax burden to those people , they still need to have some sort of income . When that occurs , they start buying things , which creates more jobs , which then starts the cycle back up again . " Elkhart Mayor Dick Moore echoes that view . He said people need jobs so they have money to spend and support industries such as RVs . The Democrat supports the stimulus plan Obama was touting in his town Monday because it will get residents to work quickly . "  It 's jobs , jobs , jobs , " Moore told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Tuesday . Watch what Elkhart 's mayor says about the president 's visit " "  We have 16 shovel-ready projects ready to go ... These are not pie-in-the-sky items ; they 're not pork . ... These are projects we will have to do , " Moore said . But gift shop owner Joanie Smith said she thinks government programs are no solution . "  I think that the government and the banks are the biggest problem , because we have checks and balances to make sure what happened did n't happen , and obviously it did n't work , " she said . "  They 've already bailed out the banks ; I do n't know why the banks are n't lending money or offering the assistance that most businesses run with . " Smith saw traffic at her gift shop start dropping off at the end of 2007 . "  I have a store that is full of wonderful things , but nothing anybody needs , " Smith , owner of The Picture Show for 27 years , said with a tense laugh . "  We 're just in a real reality-check area right now . It 's hard not being negative . " Smith has survived in retail by being financially conservative -- she does n't have any loans to repay and has cut hours for her two employees , she said . Several years ago she downsized her shop from more than 4,000 square feet to a cozy 1,200 . Smith said she feels protective of Elkhart and its image . "  It 's a real entrepreneurial city , " she said . "  We still manufacture here . We still create here . And unfortunately we 've lost so much of our diversity of businesses here to China . " Despite these lean times , Smith said she is determined to stay in business . "  Women love to come in here and shop , and we want to be there for them . "	Elkhart , Indiana , entrepreneurs sweating out tough economic times Several express doubt the federal government can get commerce moving Loosening of credit would get people spending again , they say President Obama visited Elkhart on Monday , mentioned it during press conference
CNN  -- Four months after an auto accident and reports of extramarital affairs put his golf career on hold , Tiger Woods announced Tuesday that he plans to return to the sport at the Masters Tournament in April . Woods dropped out of professional competition in December after a Thanksgiving weekend wreck outside his Florida home turned a harsh spotlight on the golfer 's personal life . In March , the 34-year-old golfer issued a public apology for cheating on his wife and said he was undergoing treatment for unspecified "  issues . " But on Tuesday , he said he was coming back to play in the Masters , which he has won four times since 1997 . "  After a long and necessary time away from the game , I feel like I 'm ready to start my season at Augusta , " Woods said in a statement released by his agent . "  The major championships have always been a special focus in my career and , as a professional , I think Augusta is where I need to be , even though it 's been a while since I last played . " The tournament is scheduled for April 5-11 at Georgia 's Augusta National Golf Club . Can Tiger the Great 's return restore his legend ? Billy Payne , the club 's chairman , welcomed the return of the sport 's top draw . "  We support Tiger 's decision to return to competitive golf beginning at this year 's Masters Tournament , " Payne said in a statement shortly after the announcement . "  Additionally , we support and encourage his stated commitment to continue the significant work required to rebuild his personal and professional life . " And PGA Tour Commissioner Tim Finchem added , "  We were pleased to learn that Tiger Woods will be playing the Masters in a few weeks . He has invested a lot of time taking steps , both in his personal and professional life , in order to prepare for his return . We all wish him and his family the best as he rejoins the tour . " Woods has won four PGA championships and six of the association 's Grand Slam title . Tuesday 's announcement comes nearly a month after Woods publicly apologized for what he called "  irresponsible and selfish " behavior , which he said included infidelity , and said he was working to "  become a better man . " "  I have undergone almost two months of inpatient therapy , and I am continuing my treatment , " he said in Tuesday 's statement . "  Although I 'm returning to competition , I still have a lot of work to do in my personal life . " Woods ' public woes began with an early-morning crash November 27 outside his Orlando-area home , when he suffered minor injuries after striking a fire hydrant and a tree with his Cadillac SUV . Woods was not required to talk to police about the wreck and declined to talk with investigators on several occasions . Eventually , he was cited for careless driving . He paid a $ 164 fine and received four points on his driving record . The wreck occurred days after the tabloid National Enquirer named Woods as having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess . The woman has denied the allegation , but several others have come forward to claim that they had sexual relationships with Woods , who is married to former model Elin Nordegren . The couple has two children . In his carefully managed March statement , delivered to a small , hand-picked crowd , Woods said he was in inpatient therapy for 45 days from the end of December to early February for "  issues , " which he did not explain . The controversy prompted several major sponsors to suspend or drop their relationships with Woods , who also apologized to his business partners for his behavior . And he denied speculation that Nordegren attacked him the night of the accident , saying she showed "  enormous grace and poise throughout this ordeal . "	Superstar athlete sidelined by sex scandal "  I feel like I 'm ready to start my season at Augusta , " he says Woods won Georgia tournament four times since 1997
LONDON , England  CNN  -- An elderly British couple who died together at an assisted suicide clinic in Switzerland died "  peacefully " after receiving "  wonderful and humbling care " from their doctors , the couple 's family said . Peter and Penelope Duff from Bath , England , died in Zurich on February 27 , according to a statement released Thursday by their family and reported by Britain 's Press Association . Both had terminal cancer , the statement said . "  Penny had fought a rare cancer , GIST , since 1992 and Peter 's colon cancer had spread to his liver , " the statement said . "  Their decision in no way reflected on the wonderful and humbling care they have received from their consultant , doctors and nurses , for which the family , and they , were so appreciative . " Peter Duff , who was reported to be 80 , was the executive chairman of Alcohol in Moderation , a nonprofit group that advocates a "  sensible drinking ethos . " His daughter , Helena Conibear , is executive director of AIM Digest , a monthly publication . Conibear and AIM could not be reached for comment Friday . The Press Association said Penelope Duff was 70 . Her condition , GIST , stands for gastrointestinal stromal tumor , a rare type of cancer found in the digestive system . Dignity in Dying , a British charity that advocates the choice of assisted death for terminally ill patients , said it was "  extremely sad " that the Duffs had to travel abroad to die . "  Had they had the option of an assisted death in this country they may still be alive , as their physical ability to travel would not have been a factor , " said Sarah Wootton , chief executive of Dignity in Dying . Wootton called on Parliament to modernize laws on suicide to allow for assisted dying . Phyllis Bowman , executive director of Right to Life , which opposes euthanasia , also said the Duffs ' case was sad . "  I think it 's very sad , particularly as they could have gone together into a hospice . A hospice with cancer -- there is not uncontrollable pain , " Bowman told CNN . "  I think that with the euthanasia lobby , they feed on despair and they encourage despair rather than hope . "	Peter and Penelope Duff from Bath , England , died in Zurich on February 27 Penny had fought a rare cancer , GIST , since 1992 and Peter had colon cancer Dignity in Dying charity : "  Extremely sad " the Duffs had to travel abroad to die They called on UK to modernize laws on suicide to allow for assisted dying
CNN  -- Monday is International Transgender Day of Visibility , and the day I have chosen to "  come out " as transgender . We are all assigned a gender at birth . Sometimes that assignment does n't match our inner truth , and there needs to be a new place -- a place for self-identification . I was not born a boy , I was assigned boy at birth . Understanding the difference between the two is crucial to our culture and society moving forward in in the way we treat -- and talk about -- transgender individuals . One of my earliest memories is from 5 years old . I used to drape T-shirts on my head , and would delight in feeling the fabric on my back . My mom asked me , "  why do you always wear a T-shirt on your head ? " I responded , "  It 's not a T-shirt , Mom -- this is my hair . " Growing up the Philippines , I was involved in transgender beauty pageants from the age of 15 . In Asian cultures , the fluidity of gender has been part of life for thousands of years , evidenced by the Buddhist Goddess of compassion , GuanYin and the Hindu hijra Goddess , Bahuchara Mata , who is sacred to men who want to be cured of impotence , and to women wanting to become pregnant . Yet despite this nuanced understanding , and despite the pageant culture I grew up in , in many countries , fluidity is celebrated but not politically recognized . A personal turning point came in 2005 , a year before I became a U.S. citizen , when I was traveling through Tokyo . Back then , I still had my Philippines passport and my former male gender marker , but I presented as a woman . I was taken into the immigration office at the airport and questioned for hours about my identity . I have friends in the Philippines -- where there is no law that allows them to change their name and marker -- that have these experiences every time they travel . It 's dehumanizing . When I first moved to the United States to work as a model , and I finally had the opportunity to change my name and gender marker , I felt as though my outside self finally matched my inner truth . I really felt like I 'd made it but , over time , I realized that there 's a lot of work that needs to be done and that I was only just beginning . Today I am launching Gender Proud , which envisions a world where transgender individuals are able to self-identify with the fewest possible barriers . In most of the Western world , conceptions of gender remain very rigid , but that exists alongside progressive legal systems that afford transgender individuals some limited rights . There are varying differences of understanding between Eastern and Western cultures , and I hope Gender Proud can create a new understanding . We are partnering with All Out to identify countries where legislation is at a "  tipping point , " and we plan to funnel resources to on-the-ground activists and organizations working to create change . There 's a long history of people within the community who stood up and fought for justice . I was inspired by the trailblazers , such as Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Rivera and by organizations , including the Association of Transgender in the Philippines , Transgender Europe , Global Action for Trans Equality , among others . I believe that a more mature and in-depth contemplation of the subject of transgender will be the bridge that leads humanity to a deeper understanding of gender as a whole . This deeper understanding begins with the realization that we live in a culture that assigned us gender at birth and that the appropriate roles and expectations of our gender are defined by our society and our culture . In today 's globally connected and ever-diversifying world , culture is now more fluid and more flexible than ever -- and so too should be our understanding and perception of gender . To learn more , please visit www.genderproud.com	Model Geena Rocero : I was not born a boy , I was assigned "  boy " at birth She says coming to the U.S. enabled her to change her name , gender marker Rocero launching movement to change perceptions about transgender people Rocero : In the West , gender perceived rigidly , laws provide some protections
CNN  -- Tina Maze rounded off her stellar season Sunday by doing what she does best -- winning . The 29-year-old overall World Cup champion recorded an unprecedented 24th podium finish of the season by claiming victory in the giant slalom at Lenzerheide , Switerland . Any disappointment at missing out on the downhill title to Lindsey Vonn was well and truly vanquished as Maze stormed to yet more success . The Slovenia star , who has already won the super-G and slalom crystal globes , is only the second skier ever to break the 2000 points barrier in the season . Her total of 2,414 points , a record , came after she clocked a time of two minutes 16.67 seconds over the two legs to finish ahead of France 's Tessa Worley and home favorite Lara Gut . "  I have even impressed myself . It has been an incredible season , "  Maze told reporters . "  If someone had said to me before the start of the season I would achieve all this , I would have said they were mad , " said Maze . "  I do n't think that this is the fruit of just one year of hard work . "  One obviously requires talent and the need to work hard , but also to have a good team round oneself . Skiing is an individual sport , but there is a team around you to help you . " From the 900 points on offer for the Giant Slalom title , Maze collected 800 of them , winning on five occasions as well as finishing second three times and third once . She told the competition 's official website : "  It 's an incredible record , but I could have scored more points if the last Super G and Downhill were n't canceled . "  I 'm impressed by all these achievements . It 's been an amazing season for me . My skiing has been so good . I started with a win and finished with another one . "  That 's the way to go when you 're so strong . I 'm so proud of me and my team . I also really would like to thank the fans for their great support . " In the men 's race , Germany 's Felix Neureuther claimed victory ahead of Marcel Hirscher and Ivica Kostelic . "  It 's very good to go into the summer like that but I know I will need to work pretty hard too , " Neureuther told the FIS website . "  Marcel was always the men to beat this season and I hope to do that more often next year . I 'm so happy it 's over now , my back hurts and I definitely feel like an old man needs some rest . " Austria 's Hirscher , who had already secured the small globe for the slalom , claimed his ninth top three finish of the season to equal the all-time men 's record for single-season World Cup slalom podiums . Only Ingemar Stenmark of Sweden in 1976/77 and Italy 's Alberto Tomba in 1991/92 had previously managed the feat . "  It 's amazing , it was quite difficult keeping the pace during the whole season but I am proud that I made nearly no mistakes , " he told the competition 's official website . "  I am also really happy about the Slalom title on top of the Overall one as it 's the first time I won it . "	Tina Maze won giant slalom in final race of World Cup Slovenian finishes season with 2,414 points Maze , 29 , already won super-G and slalom crystal globes Only second skier in history to pass 2,000 point barrier
CNN  -- It is hard enough to make one good video game . Trying to make two at the same time is a challenge not many developers try to tackle . But the creators of a recently released , turn-based strategy game hope that by blending two differing styles of play in one title they will find a pot of gold at the end of the double rainbow . "  XCOM : Enemy Unknown " is a science fiction , strategy game pitting Earth against an invading alien force . An elite group of soldiers , scientists and engineers from all over the globe is tasked with repelling the aliens and restoring peace to our planet . While most games take two to three years before hitting the shelf , lead designer Jake Solomon said his split-personality labor of love has taken more than four years to come to fruition . "  I 've been trying to make this game for as long as I 've been in the industry , " he said . "  The original ` XCOM ' game is my favorite game . " The resource management game mainly takes place in the XCOM headquarters . It is where you find out about each new mission , but also where you tell scientists to start exploring new technology or have engineers build a containment area so you can interrogate alien captives . You 'll also have to manage finances , deal with demands from different countries and develop your military force . Building out the "  ant farm , " as Solomon calls it , takes some planning by the player , but can result in bonuses if done well . "  Some things are tied into the narrative and you only get one base , " he said . "  But we wanted players to have an emotional connection to their base . In the  on-base  bar , soldiers who are killed during combat will have their names on a plaque to show you what your victories cost in human lives . " The field squad portion of the game is more about combat tactics , maximizing your weaponry and out-thinking  and out-shooting  the enemy . Squads consist of four to six soldiers , each with their own names , backgrounds and expertise . Use them wisely  i.e. , keep them alive  to complete the missions and they get stronger . The action is still turn-based , so planning and strategy are important at this level as well . Set up your soldiers , hope the aliens walk into your kill zone and cut them down . Guess wrong and players can only watch helplessly as their soldiers get outflanked and end up on the board in the bar . Solomon said developing the combat portion of the game was fun from the very beginning , but that , for the longest time , the resource part was n't . It created a lot of tension and sleepless nights for Solomon and his crew , but they hit on a revelation that helped them find the sweet spot for "  XCOM : Enemy Unknown . " "  The way it has to work -- they have to feed off each other in a symbiotic relationship . They give each other meaning , " he said . "  You research lasers and now my favorite soldier has a laser rifle . When I shoot , I see a laser coming out .  The connection between the modes  feels more real because there are all these concrete things behind it . " There was initially a lingering fear with how the game was being developed , he said . Developers ran the risk of alienating players who might like one part of the game , but not the other . "  Firaxis creative director and ` Civilization ' creator  Sid Meier "  has a quote -- ` One good game is better than two great games , ' " Solomon said , jokingly referring to Meier as "  my lord and master . " "  The danger of having two games in one game is that people are going to enjoy one of them more than the other . " But he said his team tried developing a resource strategy-only game and a combat-only game , and both felt like they were missing something . The soldiers really had no personal connection to the player in the resource portion and the mission rewards did n't mean as much in the combat game . "  There are some games that have these multiple modes to them , but nothing like this . In ` Starcraft , ' you go back to the ship or in ` Diablo , ' you go back to the town . Those are n't really games ; they are just breaks . In ` XCOM , ' you have a game , then you go on to another game . " Trying to find the middle ground took a lot of trial and error . The pendulum kept swinging from overly complicated to overly simplified , Solomon said . In the end , decisions were made based on how well they worked with both aspects of the game . "  It just came down to stripping out a lot of things that were n't working and getting a flow in there , " Solomon said . "  You come back to the base and say these things have meaning for me . On the soldier side , deepening the class system and customization became important . " "  It was pretty organic . It was a process that I did n't have a road map for . " Solomon was very careful not to tread on the memories of fans of the original "  XCOM . " "  They have a very large ownership in the game , so it is important to honor the name , " he said . "  I ca n't tell you how many nights I 've lost sleep worrying about whether I 've made the game fun . " Now , players can decide . The game was released Tuesday in North America and comes out Friday in Australia and Europe . The game will be released on both the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 consoles as well as for PCs .	"  XCOM : Enemy Unknown " combines resource management and combat strategy Turn-based game is from Sid Meier 's Firaxis Games Designer says the elements felt lacking by themselves The game was released Tuesday in North America
Johannesburg  CNN  The wife of slain South African hostage Pierre Korkie has said she chooses to forgive those who caused his death during a botched rescue attempt in Yemen . "  Today we are here to choose , " Yolande Korkie said Tuesday . "  To choose to forgive those that caused Pierre 's death . What will it help to accuse ? What will it help to find out what happened ? Will it bring Pierre back ? We choose to let it go , " she said . Pierre Korkie was killed Friday in Yemen when the U.S. military launched a failed raid to rescue another hostage , American photojournalist Luke Somers , who also was killed . Yolande Korkie said "  all is God 's will " as she discussed the failed U.S. military mission . She expressed her gratitude to the United States for bringing her husband 's remains home and was philosophical when asked about regrets . "  We have lost , but one can never regret when you have lived with people that have nothing , " she said . She also thanked South Africans for the "  voice of prayer " that went up for her husband 's safe release , even if those prayers were not answered in the way they and the family wanted . Growing emotional , she said : "  I had visualized something different , we had visualized him holding us in his arms , and hearing his soft voice . "  But this morning , when we arrived , there was immense relief that this suffering for him was finished . ... We may not have him physically , but in our hearts , he will never die . " He has been an amazing husband and an amazing father to his two children , she said . Yolande and Pierre Korkie were kidnapped in Yemen 's Taiz province in May of last year , the nongovernmental organization Gift of the Givers said . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula freed Yolande Korkie in January , after negotiations with Gift of the Givers , and was to release her husband Sunday , the group said on its site . CNN 's Brent Swails reported from Johannesburg , and Richard Allen Green wrote from London .	Yolande Korkie says she feels immense relief now that her husband 's suffering is over "  What will it help to accuse ? Will it bring Pierre back ? " she asks Her husband was killed in a failed U.S. military rescue operation
EW.com  -- Here 's what the Memorial Day weekend taught us : America really likes the "  Fast & Furious " franchise , but America loves movies . The four-day holiday racked up $ 314 million in receipts , the largest-ever Memorial Day weekend at the box office . As for "  Fast 6 , " it 's hard to talk about the successful opening without resorting to cliché . Despite hitting theaters in a crowded May marketplace , the Universal film earned an estimated $ 120,019,000 , the fourth-highest Memorial Day opening in history , for a per-theater average of $ 33,400 . That 's the second-biggest opening this year , behind Iron Man 3 , and a sizable leap from the trajectory of the previous two Fasts  and most predictions  . The franchise 's appeal seems to be growing in reverse  we wrote a cover story on it !  , getting bigger with each film . The newest installment earned an "  A " CinemaScore  "  A + " from audiences under 25  with an almost even split between men and women  51/49 percent  . Conventionally , that would indicate that "  Fast 6 " will hold up better than the typical tent pole -- however , Fast Five also earned an "  A " and good reviews while still dropping more than 60 percent in its second weekend . That said , it still would n't affect the success of the latest film so far : Fast & Furious 6 has grossed $ 317 million globally against a $ 160 million budget . And in case you have n't heard : "  Fast 7 " is coming soon . Speaking of big-budget , male-skewing films : "  The Hangover Part III " earned an estimated $ 51,215,000 over the four-day weekend , for a per-theater average of $ 14,406 , and $ 63 million since Thursday . That 's hardly nothing -- especially for a hard-R comedy , which has a notoriously rocky record at the box office . But the $ 100 million film 's "  B " CinemaScore and middling reviews indicate that word-of-mouth wo n't help subsequent weekend grosses . From here , it 's hard to see Part III matching the $ 250 + million grosses of the first two films , though strong foreign sales should help Warner Bros. overcome the sting . The weekend 's third wide release , "  Epic , " topped expectations with an estimated $ 42,600,000 for the four-day and a per-theater average of $ 10,974 . Tracking suggested an opening in the mid-30s , but the Blue Sky film had a plum release spot at the start of the tent pole season without any major family-friendly competition . Good reviews and an "  A " CinemaScore suggest real legs , which means "  Epic " could finish with more than $ 150 million domestically on a $ 93 million budget . Last week 's "  Star Trek Into Darkness " earned an estimated $ 44 million for the long weekend , which softens its second week drop to 33 percent and an overall domestic gross of $ 155.8 million . The well-reviewed but maligned sequel may not top the previous film 's gross of $ 257.7 million , but it should easily top $ 200 million . "  Iron Man 3 " earned an estimated $ 24,351,000 , lifting its total domestic gross to $ 372.4 million . With a new director and a surge of post - "  Avengers " buzz , the third "  Iron Man " has already beaten the previous two installments and is on track for a domestic finish above $ 400 million . In limited release , Richard Linklater 's critically-acclaimed romantic drama "  Before Midnight " opened with a per-theater average of $ 64,400 at five theaters . 1 . Fast & Furious 6 -- $ 120 million 2 . The Hangover Part III -- $ 51.2 million 3 . Star Trek Into Darkness -- $ 47 million 4 . Epic -- $ 42.6 million 5 . Iron Man 3 -- $ 24.4 million Check back next week when Will Smith 's post-apocalyptic "  After Earth " opens against the Jesse Eisenberg thriller "  Now You See Me . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Four-day holiday racked up the largest-ever Memorial Day weekend at the box office "  Fast & Furious 6 " earned an estimated more than $ 120 million "  The Hangover Part III " came in second place with $ 51.2 million
CNN  -- On Wednesday , nine athletes were tested positive for "  sophisticated doping " and banned from the 2012 Olympics . This should n't surprise anyone . For as long as there have been games , there have been stories of cheating . Competitive sports -- an open-ended contest for a prize -- started in antiquity . The Olympics , which were held every four years at Olympia , a sanctuary to the god Zeus in the western Peloponnese , became the most prestigious venue for athletics by about 600 B.C. and spawned a whole series of similar events in the next century . Opening ceremony reaction : Pomp , patriotism and political gaffes Managing the Olympics or any other athletic event was never easy . In the first surviving set of rules at Olympia , breaking your opponent 's fingers in wrestling was strictly forbidden . Rules like this point to a main worry among the people who ran games in the ancient world -- "  performance suppression . " While there were no ancient rules against performance enhancement -- our chief concern today -- there is lot of evidence for both the theory and practice of getting people to do less than their best . Some forms of performance suppression were more effective than others . The most colorful was to place a curse on an athlete so he would not do his best  or the gods of the underworld would drive him mad  . This often involved the burial of a lead tablet containing the curse in some place that mattered -- ancient racing venues have produced a fair number of these items . Another method , typical in the ancient and modern worlds , involved hidden payments to athletes to take a dive . In one famous case , the man who promised a bribe to his son 's opponent refused to pay because he decided that his boy would have won anyway -- and was stupid enough to say so where people could hear him . Perhaps there is not a lot here that has changed , as a British paper is reporting that the father of the only woman on Australia 's archery team has had a restraining order lifted because he convinced a judge that he had not tried to intimidate one of his daughter 's rivals in a qualifying round . There there 's the route of buying an official , a scheme well known up to this day . It 's an athletic nightmare that entails a series of dead heats being declared until the favored contestant could win . Sometimes the open prejudice of management would come into play . One easy way to get to the desired result was to arrange an especially easy draw for the favored athlete so he could reach the final round against an exhausted opponent . This seems to have been so common that one man actually boasted that he had never won through the Roman emperor 's favor . Finally , and most unpleasantly , there was simple dirty play . Some people developed especially violent moves and were not deterred by the cautionary tale about a man who killed his opponent with a vicious blow in a championship fight and lost the title because people thought he was ghastly . Chariot racing , which was extremely popular in the old days , seems also to have been prone to catastrophes of all sorts as drivers smashed into each other on the long , crowded course . In one Olympic year , things were so bad that not a single chariot finished the race . Athletes would use a reputation for ferociousness to intimidate their opponents . Opinion : Team USA 's militaristic uniform a problem ? Responses to cheating have always involved stripping a champion of a title , and , at least at Olympia , included the requirement that the athlete dedicate a monument recording his shame for all time  it is thanks to these monuments that we can appreciate the range of cheating  . This method of embarrassing the cheater , which stressed the memory of what a person had done wrong , seems a bit more effective than the modern practice of merely erasing a name from the record book and trying to forget what happened . In the next few weeks , as we watch the best athletes from around the world setting new records , do n't be surprised if more stories of cheating emerge . And if we want to reduce cheating in competitive sporting events , maybe it 's better to follow the ancient practice of remembering athletes ' misdeeds by , say , erecting a public monument that contains all the names of the Olympic cheaters . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Potter .	Nine athletes tested positive for doping and banned from the 2012 Olympics David Potter : For as long as there have been games , there have been stories of cheating He says cheating methods in ancient times included bribery and dirty tricks Potter : At Olympia , athletes had to dedicate a monument recording their cheating
CNN  -- The United States has "  deep concerns " over China 's newly declared East China Sea air defense zone , Vice President Joe Biden privately told Chinese President Xi Jinping during his visit to Beijing on Wednesday , according to a pool report citing senior administration officials traveling with the delegation . According to the pool account of a background briefing by the officials , Biden also told Xi that the United States does n't recognize the zone -- which includes uninhabited islands that have been the site of tense disputes between China and Japan , both of which claim the lands for their own . "  President Xi was equally clear in laying out their view of the zone and of territorials disputes in the region , " one of the officials said , according to the pool report . "  Ultimately , President Xi took on board what the vice president said . It 's up to China , and we 'll see how things will unfold in the coming days and weeks . " Biden had assured Japanese leaders on Tuesday that he would raise the issue with Xi , but it was not mentioned publicly by either leader . In public remarks welcoming Biden that betrayed no hint of the tensions , Xi called the former senator an "  old friend " and praised U.S.-China relations . "  We 're happy to see that in the recent period , our two teams have worked actively to expand coordination and collaboration on bilateral , regional , and global levels , " President Xi said in greeting Biden on his latest visit to China , according to a pool report . Biden also made no public mention of the controversial Chinese air defense space declaration , instead focusing on the possibilities of good relations between the two nations . He cited discussions between Xi and President Barack Obama this summer seeking a "  new model " in relations between the countries as China seeks to expand its influence worldwide and as the U.S. pivots its attention from the Middle East to Asia . "  As we 've discussed in the past , this new model of major-country cooperation ultimately has to be based on trust , and a positive notion about the motive of one another , " Biden said . "  The relationship that you and President Obama have established thus far is full of promise , and real opportunity for us , " Biden told Xi , according to a pool report . "  If we get this relationship right with a genuine new model , the possibilities are limitless , " he said . Asia trip gives Biden chance to show off diplomatic cred But in a sign the two leaders had much to talk about privately , a scheduled 45-minute private session between Xi and Biden ran two hours . The meeting covered "  every single topic in the U.S.-China relationship , " including economic issues and North Korea , said one of the U.S. officials who were briefing reporters . "  They talked at some length about what the Iran example means for North Korea , " the official said , referring to the recently reached deal between Iran and a coalition of international powers to curb the Middle Eastern nation 's nuclear program . The official was referring to how the international community came together to pressure Iran to reach a deal , according to the pool report . Biden 's visit to China comes about two weeks after China declared an air defense zone over a portion of the East China Sea , including island territories that China and Japan each claim . The dispute over the islands has led to tense situations between ships and planes from the two countries over the past year , raising concerns that an incident in China 's newly declared defense zone could spiral out of control . It has also fueled concern among U.S. officials about how far China is willing to go to pursue its interests in the Asia-Pacific region and push back against U.S. influence . China is asking aircraft entering its air defense zone to identify themselves and submit flight plans . It says the zone is similar to others maintained by nations around the world , saying that it is not asserting territorial control over the airspace and that legitimate commercial traffic will continue to move through the region unhindered . China 's declaration prompted pushback from the United States and other nations in the region , which rejected the zone and continued to route military flights through the area . Japan has told its commercial airlines not to comply with the new Chinese demands , but the U.S. government has urged American carriers to follow Beijing 's instructions . On Tuesday , Biden assured Japanese leaders that he would press China over the issue . "  We , the United States , are deeply concerned by the attempt to unilaterally change the status quo in the East China Sea , " Biden said at a news conference alongside Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday . "  I will be raising these concerns with great specificity directly when I meet with the Chinese leadership , " Biden said . Biden promises to press China on airspace dispute U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki reiterated this week that Washington does not recognize the air defense zone or China 's demand to be notified of plans by jets from other nations to fly into the area . The Chinese action , Biden said , raises the possibility of "  accidents and miscalculation . " In a statement Tuesday , a spokesman for China 's Defense Ministry said the zone is one of "  safety , not risks , a zone of cooperation , not competition . " Without naming the United States , spokesman Geng Yansheng , warned countries about becoming involved in China 's dispute with Japan . "  Other parties concerned should also mind their words and actions , and should not do things to undermine regional stability and bilateral relations , " he said . "  Other parties should not be incited , or send wrong signals to make a very few countries go further on the wrong track , which will follow the same old disastrous road and undermine regional and world peace . " China 's air defense zone : What you need to know CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	NEW : Biden , Chinese leader Xi talk about air defense zone , North Korea , pool report says Biden tells China 's leader that U.S. has "  deep concerns " over airspace , according to the report China declared air defense zone over disputed territory , drawing ire of several nations Biden assured Japanese leaders he would press China over the issue
Boston  CNN  -- From her perch atop a church bell tower high above downtown Boston , Nancy Taylor watched as runners from all over the world trudged down Boylston Street for the final stretch of the city 's 117th annual marathon . "  People often call it the ` Marathon Church , ' " said Taylor , a senior minister and CEO of the Old South Church in Boston , pointing to the brush of blue and yellow paint that spell out the word "  FINISH " in bold letters on Boylston Street 's pavement outside . The church 's Colonial-era congregation -- which included Ben Franklin and the Americans who first gathered to plan the Boston Tea Party -- is part of the legacy of a city propped up by its past . The church reopened Monday as authorities removed the last remaining barricades to restore a semblance of normal life . "  There is no question that we are shaken , " said Taylor . She does n't think the city will be quite the same . Many shops , restaurants and bars along Boylston Street have reopened since twin bombings at the marathon 's finish line on April 15 killed three people and wounded more than 260 others . A popular eatery called Forum , which sustained heavy damage , remains boarded up as workers in hazmat suits clean blood-stained floors and remove shattered glass windows . Boston Magazine cover shows city 's heart Maura Guillet was sipping a mimosa with some friends at the Atlantic Fish Company when a fireball ignited outside her window . "  It was thunderous , " she recalled . The restaurant , a Boylston Street fixture , remains closed as a result of the blast . By most accounts , many in Boston seem to have come to terms what transpired , though a once-distant perception of terror has now become more personally felt in the days since the attack . "  There 's a pause and a fear , but we 're not going to be defeated by two punks , " said Gerardo DeFaeritiis , whose shoe store reopened Monday after being part of a crime scene for the past week . "  Like everything else , time is the best medicine . " Cleaning crews continue to mop up the remnants of glass and scattered debris , while painters splash green paint onto wrought iron gates and wooden moldings atop store fronts , blackened in last week 's attack . Dolly Lakkis , who owns an eyeglass store on Bolyston Street , said that returning to work brought an eeriness accompanied by sadness . A floral memorial sits directly outside her window , where passersby come to pay their respects . She catches herself staring at it when work is slow . After Boston : The pros and cons of surveillance cameras "  We 're ready to get back to normal , " she said . "  We 're not going to sit back and take it . " Tough talk is commonplace here , as hardy New Englanders appear to be keen to move on . That sense of resiliency also seems inextricable from the city 's history . Even younger residents drop off-the-cuff references to figures like Paul Revere in their casual bar-room banter . Here , Samuel Adams is n't just the name of a popular beer . "  This is not a young city , " Nancy Taylor said . "  We 've been tried and tested over centuries . We 've been through wars . We 've been through witch trials . So it 's not as if we have n't seen horror before . " Her stone church looms almost directly over the marathon finish line , where its 19th-century spire is a welcome sight to runners , signaling their 26.2-mile trek is nearly over . Up until last week , the church had been shuttered only once in its history , which dates back to America 's first European settlers . "  We were taken over by the British , who were a little upset with us because we dumped their tea , " said Taylor , describing the only other time the church formally closed in 1775 . After last week 's terror attacks , police barricaded Boylston Street and made Taylor 's church grounds part of the crime scene . In runners ' tent and ER , a rush to save lives , and limbs From her vantage point view atop the church 's 246-foot campanile , she witnessed the clouds of smoke and debris that filled Boylston Street after the blasts . "  One of most extraordinary things was watching people down on the ground sorting themselves out , " she said . "  Some people were running literally towards the danger to help people out . "  The courage I was witnessed from 246 feet up was amazing . " Now , residents who were directly and indirectly affected by the attack are returning to Old South Church looking for ways to cope with their trauma . "  I came today to pay my respects after picking up my medal , " said Lauren Tourgee , a runner whose race was cut short by the attacks . "  This is a place that 's usually filled with happiness , especially on Marathon Monday . " Tom Ralston said he planned to return later in the week ; it will be the first time that he will have seen the familiar downtown street since the second explosion ruptured his eardrums and left shrapnel buried deep in his hand . "  I do n't know what to expect , " said the longtime member of the Old South Church . "  I have nightmares . I have flashbacks . " Since the attacks , Ralston has sought counseling like many Bostonians . "  Talking with friends , and others like Nancy , are making me understand that the only way you 're going to get through some of the worst parts of this is by talking , " he said . "  I think I 've got a lot more talking to do . " But for the moment , a lingering trauma has left him still wary of public places . "  I actually turned down four wonderful Red Sox tickets for Saturday night because I 'm not sure that I 'm ready for an open-air crowd just yet , " he said . "  I 'd have no idea who 's sitting next to me or behind me . " After visiting Fenway Park "  hundreds of times before , " he 's just going to wait . "  If you think about Boylston Street -- if it can happen there , it can happen absolutely anywhere , " he said .	Minister Nancy Taylor watched from a bell tower as the Boston terror attack unfolded Her Old South Church is right next to the marathon 's finish line The church , like nearby Boylston Street shops , has since reopened It 's a sign Boston is returning to normal , but some people still are anxious
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Mexican and Colombian officials working with U.S. agents have seized about $ 41 million in cash hidden in shipping containers , the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency announced Monday . Colombian authorities seized $ 11.2 million in U.S. currency in Buenaventura , Colombia , on September 9 . The U.S. agency , commonly called ICE , says the seizures were made September 9-18 . It called them the largest seizure of cash ever found in shipping containers destined for Colombia and the largest for the agency since its inception . According to ICE : • On September 9 , Colombian customs inspectors and Colombian national police , acting on intelligence reports , seized $ 11.2 million in U.S. currency hidden in two shipping containers . The containers were aboard a vessel that sailed from the Port of Manzanillo , Mexico , and was headed to Buenaventura , Colombia . Colombian customs inspectors said it was the most cash ever seized by police at a port in the nation . • On September 10 , a second seizure of U.S. currency estimated at $ 11.2 million also was made at the Buenaventura port . • On September 11 , a shipment of $ 11 million was discovered hidden inside two shipping containers at the Port of Manzanillo . • On September 14 , ICE special agents , along with Colombian authorities , discovered three additional shipping containers in Buenaventura containing about $ 5 million in $ 100 and $ 50 bills . These shipping containers also originated in Manzanillo . • On September 18 , authorities seized $ 2.15 million in $ 100 bills concealed inside two containers aboard a vessel that arrived in Manzanillo . "  This seizure represents a bad day for organized crime , " ICE Director John Morton said at a Monday news conference in Washington . "  Forty-one million dollars is not a rounding error . The loss of that kind of money hurts . " All of the money was concealed in sacks of fertilizer chemicals in containers transported on commercial ships , Morton said . Watch investigators uncover cash " "  When it 's packed in very large containers , it 's extremely difficult to probe ; it 's extremely difficult to X-ray . And so it was a very good means of concealing currency , " he said . The ports of Buenaventura and Manzanillo are key points along a well-known route used for smuggling cocaine northward to Mexico and then on to the United States , and for sending cash back into Colombia , where most of the cocaine originates , ICE said in a news release . Morton called the smugglers "  very , very sophisticated , " saying they were using the lawful shipping trade to send drug profits from the U.S. through Mexico to Colombia . Morton said the money will be forfeited in accordance with the laws of the nations where it was seized , with Colombia keeping $ 28 million and Mexico getting $ 13 million . "  None of these monies will be forfeited to the United States , " he said . While large , this month 's cash seizure is not a record . In March of 2007 , officials in Mexico officials confiscated $ 207 million in cash in what was then called the largest drug-related cash seizure in history . ICE is the largest investigative arm of the Department of Homeland Security , investigating financial crime , trade fraud , narcotics smuggling and cash smuggling , the agency said . ICE was established in 2003 after the Homeland Security Act of 2002 . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	Joint operation nets about $ 41 million in cash hidden in shipping containers Mexican , Colombian authorities working with U.S. agents seize money in 2 ports U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement calls ports key points in drug trade route
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Arrest warrants have been issued for another nine people associated with a fire at a day-care center in northwestern Mexico in June that killed 48 children , the state-run Notimex news agency said Saturday . Two girls lay flowers during a funeral of one of the 48 children who died in the day-care fire . The warrants are for the owners and legal representatives of the ABC day-care center in the city of Hermosillo in Sonora state , which burned down June 5 , Notimex said . Officials have determined that the fire started at an air-conditioning unit at a government-owned warehouse in the same building as the day-care center . Fourteen children remain hospitalized , Notimex reported earlier . The latest arrest warrants are the third group to be issued since the fire . On Wednesday , the Mexican federal attorney general 's office ordered the arrest of nine public officials from the Mexican Institute of Social Security , which owned the day-care center , as well as private individuals connected to the facility . Two weeks earlier , Mexican officials announced they had ordered the arrests of 14 people who worked at the warehouse . Parents of the dead children and others have held demonstrations in Hermosillo and Mexico City to protest what they see as foot-dragging by authorities in punishing the responsible parties .	Arrest warrants issued for nine people in connection with Mexico day-care fire Forty-eight children died in fire ; 14 remain hospitalized Fire started in air-conditioning unit in building , officials say
CNN  -- Do n't mess with a Stark . Maisie Williams , who plays Arya Stark on HBO 's hit series "  Game of Thrones , " got into a row on Twitter with British Airways . It seems that the 17-year-old took offense to the airline 's policy of not allowing those younger than 18 into its airport business lounge . And just like her tough-as-nails character , Williams refused to back down . She tweeted on Saturday , "  Denied from the business lounge once again for being under 18 and without an adult . . @British_Airways sort your s ** t out . " The actress went on to tweet , "  I 'm not saying I deserve special treatment . Just saying if 16-18 yr olds are grown up enough to travel 5,400 miles around the world . . I 'm sure we can handle sitting quietly in the damn lounge . " The airline replied to the star , "  we 're sorry if you were disappointed , lounge guests must be 18 or older . We look forward to welcoming you soon . " Williams responded with "  Yes . . @British_Airways fully understand that , my question is why ? Why can we travel alone but not use the lounge ? It makes no sense . " British Airways explained that the restriction was "  due to the complimentary alcohol available . " Williams got some support from singer Ed Sheeran , who tweeted "  Ah British airways . You failed again . " For now , Williams will have to wait until April 15 , when she turns 18 . Might we suggest a party in the British Airways business lounge ?	"  Game of Thrones " star was n't allowed in the business lounge At 17 , she 's too young Singer Ed Sheeran tweeted his support
CNN  -- Thailand 's devastating floodwaters are draining southward towards Bangkok Friday , and residents have been told to prepare for the worst when the spring high tide and a huge volume of water flowing down the Chao Phraya River merge over the next couple of days . Workers in the city are rushing to shore up barriers and warnings have been posted for the northern suburbs . "  Between seven and eight billion cubic meters of water a day is being released from the Bhumibol Dam in the north of the country , which is heavily affecting provinces like Nahkon Sawan and Ayutthaya , " government official Wim Rungwattanajinda told CNN . "  From that , about one to 1.2 billion cubic meters of water is reaching Bangkok every day . " So far , 283 people have been killed and two people are missing in Thailand , according to the government website Thaiflood.com . Some 61 of the country 's 76 provinces have so far been affected , impacting more than eight million people . More than 500,000 square kilometers -- an area the size of Spain -- are affected by the floods in Thailand , Cambodia , Vietnam and Laos , according to CNN meteorologist Jenny Harrison . Asia 's wet and wild summer explained About 100 kilometers north of Bangkok , the UNESCO-listed historical city of Ayutthaya has now been submerged for 10 days , CNN 's Paula Hancocks reports . Shops in Ayutthaya are mostly flooded and closed , and people unable to leave their homes are waiting for help to arrive . Roads have become rivers , with people having to swim or use boats to get food and water . "  Doctors are patrolling the flooded areas in small boats and are making house-calls to residents to those incapable of moving , " Hancocks says . "  It 's one of the worst hit areas in the country . Even if there are no more storms , one government estimate says it 'll still take a month for the floodwaters to recede . " Flood warnings : Crocodiles , snakes and centipedes Temples and monuments are unable to keep the rising waters at bay , and there are fears that the longer the city 's treasures are covered by water , the more likely it will be that the damage could be permanent . "  This is the worst flood in our historical site in 16 years , " said Somsuda Leeyawanich , from the Thai Fine Arts Department . She said the water level in the park is almost three meters , compared to levels of around 80-90 centimeters during the floods of 1995 . "  We are very concerned that if the site is under water for more than 30 days it may cause serious damage , " she added . "  The temples are over 400 years old . " Along with people and historical sites , animals are also are being severely affected by the floodwaters . Fifteen elephants , including seven mothers with babies and a nine-year-old known for its painting skills , are stranded on top of Ayutthaya 's Royal Elephant Kraal . The elephants climbed on top of the building last week and are going hungry now that food can only be brought in small quantities via rowing boats . Elephants can swim but it 's feared the babies would drown in the floodwaters if they attempt to escape . iReporter shares photos of Ayutthaya flooding Meanwhile , the country 's economy may be badly affected from the floods . Manufacturing areas just north of Bangkok have been particularly hard hit hard , including a Honda factory that has been submerged , ruining hundreds of cars . The giant Rojana Industrial Park has also halted operations for the time being , director Amara Charoengitwattanagun told state-run news agency MCOT , and the facility may be further damaged if the flooding worsens . One plant in the park , Single Point Parts , evacuated all workers from the premises and built flood prevention embankments around its building . "  The Thai finance ministry says overall damage from the floods could be more than $ 2 billion , with the worst yet still possibly to come , " Hancocks says . CNN 's Paula Hancocks and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report	Thai floods have so far killed 283 people ; two people remain missing Workers in Bangkok rush to shore up barriers as warnings are posted for northern suburbs Shops in Ayutthaya are mostly flooded and closed , and people unable to leave their homes
CNN  -- The National Weather Service has confirmed 59 tornadoes from a weekend outbreak of storms that killed six people . "  The Storm Prediction Center estimates the total will be around 75 when all surveys are complete , " the weather service website said . There were initial reports of 135 tornadoes -- spread across Nebraska , Iowa , Kansas and Oklahoma -- from the sprawling storm system that ripped across the Plains and Midwest on Saturday . A much smaller outbreak was reported Sunday . At the time , the weather service said a final confirmed count would only come after officials had a chance to fan out across the states and determine how many of the reports were indeed tornadoes . All of the fatalities were in Woodward , Oklahoma , a community of about 12,000 people , about 85 miles west of Enid . At least 29 people were injured , officials said . The weather service said the town was hit by an EF-3 tornado , packing winds of up to 165 mph . It destroyed 89 homes and 12 businesses , according to City Manager Alan Riffel . Officials credited early warning systems elsewhere in the region with preventing more fatalities . Advisories from the system were issued two days in advance , rather than just hours , and were "  remarkably accurate , " said Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback . "  People took it very seriously . " CNN 's Rob Marciano reported from Oklahoma and Maria P. White from Atlanta .	Confirmed tornadoes are expected to be around 75 All of the storm deaths were in Oklahoma Advance warnings are credited with preventing more fatalities
CNN  -- Mercedes Formula One team is facing a million dollar question -- and it has decided to ask the audience . After another bruising on-track encounter between its drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg at the Belgian Grand Prix , Mercedes is considering introducing team orders for the remaining seven races . The team 's head of motorsport Toto Wolff described Sunday 's lap two clash , which effectively ended Hamilton 's race and Rosberg 's chance of victory , as "  unacceptable . " "  It has been our clear policy to let the drivers race this year but rule number one is : do n't hit each other , " Wolff told reporters in Spa . "  To see that kind of contact , so early in the race , is an unacceptable level of risk to be taking out on track . "  It can not -- and will not -- happen again . " To make sure it does n't , Mercedes asked its half a million Twitter followers for advice on Thursday . "  Team orders or free racing ? There has been a lot of debate since Belgium -- this is a chance to have your say , " it asked via Twitter . It then posted two options , one in favor of team orders and another in favor of free racing . Fans were asked to vote on the issue by either retweeting or marking their preferred option as a favorite . The team then announced the result of the vote after four hours of voting , revealing 92 % of the audience wanted the drivers to be allowed to continue to race each other . Proving just how thorny the issue of team orders is in F1 , Mercedes then asked : "  To those who would prefer to see team orders implemented , how would you employ them ? "  To the 92 % in favor of free racing , what sanctions would you impose for breaking the ` no contact ' rule ? Would you suspend a driver for a race and not maximize constructors ' points ? Perhaps you 'd set the order at qualifying slots ? " Rosberg and Hamilton are locked in an intense rivalry for the 2014 world title . The German is now 29 points -- more than a race win -- ahead of his English rival and former teenage friend . It seems when it comes to solving the problem at Mercedes there are no easy answers , even for the team itself .	Mercedes has asked its Twitter audience for advice on introducing team orders At the Belgium GP , Nico Rosberg crashed into Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton Mercedes head of motorsport Toto Wolff described the incident as "  unacceptable " The team 's Twitter audience voted in favor of allowing the drivers to continue to race
CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela is now in critical condition , officials said . Mandela 's condition worsened in the past 24 hours , the South African president 's office said , citing Mandela 's medical team . He has been hospitalized in Pretoria since June 8 for a recurring lung infection . Previously , authorities had described his condition as serious but stable . "  The doctors are doing everything possible to get his condition to improve and are ensuring that Madiba is well-looked after and is comfortable . He is in good hands , " President Jacob Zuma said in a written statement , referring to Mandela 's tribal name . Mandela , 94 , has become increasingly frail over the years and has not appeared in public since South Africa hosted the World Cup in 2010 . ' I believe he is at peace , ' Nelson Mandela 's daughter says The anti-apartheid hero has been in and out of the hospital in recent years . His history of lung problems dates to when he was a political prisoner on Robben Island during the apartheid era , and he has battled respiratory infections . Considered the founding father of South Africa 's democracy , Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting against apartheid , the country 's system of racial segregation . South Africa 's governing African National Congress noted "  with concern " Sunday the change in Mandela 's health . "  The African National Congress joins the presidency in calling upon all of us to keep President Mandela , his family and his medical team in our thoughts and prayers during this trying time , " it said . In 1993 , Mandela and then-South African President F.W. de Klerk jointly won the Nobel Peace Prize . The iconic leader was elected the nation 's first black president a year later , serving only one term , as he had promised . Even as he has faded from the spotlight , he remains popular and is considered a hero of democracy in the nation . Last year , South Africa launched a new batch of banknotes with a picture of a smiling Mandela on the front . Mandela 's impact extends far beyond South African borders . After he left office , he mediated conflicts in Africa and the Middle East . Word of his worsening health drew global expressions of concern . "  We have seen the latest reports from the South African government that former President Mandela is in critical condition , " Caitlin Hayden , a U.S. National Security Council spokeswoman , said in a statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with him , his family and the people of South Africa . " Opinion : A white South African 's memories of Mandela Mandela 's unusual tributes : Bird , nuclear particle named after him South Africa : Following Nelson Mandela CNN 's Faith Karimi , Kim Norgaard and Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	U.S. official : "  Our thoughts and prayers " are with Mandela and his family Officials say Mandela 's condition has worsened in the past day He is in critical condition in a Pretoria hospital , South Africa 's presidency says Mandela , 94 , has been hospitalized since June 8 for a recurring lung infection
PARIS , France  CNN  -- French Internet users who download files illegally could have their service cut off under a new law enacted by the French government . French filmmaker Luc Besson attended the vote passing the new law into action . The "  three strikes and you 're out " law will see violators getting up to two warnings before their Internet service providers could be allowed to cut service for as long as a year . The tough new legislation sailed through the French Senate this week , even as opponents promised to continue to fight it in the courts . The law sets up a special government anti-piracy agency to monitor "  internauts , " as French Internet users are called . It will ensure users are paying for movies and music that they download . While there are countries with stricter penalties such as jail time , in France opponents of the law are angry that the new government agency will be outside the judicial process . That means it can disconnect Internet service without oversight . Opponents of the law worry the government agency could be packed with over zealous enforcers who will side with filmmakers and the recording industry , or even invade the privacy of Internet users . The legislation has split France 's political opposition , which protested against the new law . The political left -- traditionally supported by performers and artists -- found that on this issue the creative types were on the government 's side , seeing the legislation as a way to protect the intellectual rights that are the foundation of their livelihood . Though the new law still faces a court test and may not be compatible with European legislation , the government plans to have the agency up and running by next year .	French Internet users downloading files illegally could have their service cut off New law enacted by French government could see users banned for year Special government anti-piracy agency to monitor violations
CNN  -- If the attorney general of Mississippi had had his way , Michelle Byrom would have been executed Thursday for allegedly hiring someone to kill her husband , Edward Byrom Sr. . Michelle Byrom , who has suffered a lifetime of abuse -- first at the hands of her stepfather and later at the hands of her husband -- also struggles with mental illness . On the night of June 4 , 1999 , when her husband was killed , Byrom was in the hospital . At her trial , jurors bought the prosecution 's version of the crime and found her guilty of murder for hire . Defense attorneys did not call the alleged killer to testify on her behalf , nor did the defense present the son 's multiple confessions . Judge Thomas Gardner imposed a death sentence . Now , evidence is coming to light revealing that it was the son , Edward Byrom , Jr. -- aka Junior -- who killed his father and that Gardner knew of the son 's confession before the trial , but on a technicality , the jury was n't permitted to see his jailhouse confession letters . No wonder , with such exculpatory information withheld , Michelle Byrom was found guilty and received a death sentence . As is often the case in these harrowing tales of justice , only now , 14 years after the trial , have dedicated post-conviction lawyers ' investigations shed light on the son 's confessions . In letters to his mother , Junior wrote in stark detail how he killed his father and why . He also confessed to forensic psychologist Criss Lott in the course of a pretrial interview . Those confessions are corroborated by the fact that it was Junior who led police to the murder weapon and that it was his hands that tested positive for traces of gunpowder . In one of his admissions to his mother , Junior wrote : "  I sit in my room , for a good 1 Â 1/2 - 2 hours and dad comes in my room and goes off on me , calling me bastard , nogood , mistake , and telling me I 'm inconciderate  sic  and just care about my self , and slaps me , then goes back to his room . As I sat on my bed , tears of rage flowing , remembering my childhood , my anger kept building and building , and I went to my car , got the 9mm , and walked to his room , peeked in , and he was asleep . I walked about two steps in the door , and screamed , and shut my eyes , when I heard him move , I started firing . When I opened my eyes again , I freaked ! I grabbed what casings I saw , and threw them into the bushes , grabbed the gun , and went to town . " Junior 's letters were barred at the trial . Gardner precluded the jury from hearing them as a sanction against Byrom 's lawyers , who failed to share them with the prosecution in a timely manner . What the jury did hear was the prosecutor 's scenario that Junior was part of a murder-for-hire conspiracy , with his mother as mastermind and his friend Joey Gillis as the shooter . In a deal with prosecutors for a reduced sentence , Junior testified against his mother . What Junior said to a sheriff when he was interrogated can not be verified . County authorities say the recording was lost . But in a letter , Junior said : "  I gave them  the sheriffs  one bulls ** t story after another , trying to save my own ass . ... I was so scared , confused , and high , I just started spitting the first thought out , which turned into this big conspiracy thing , for money , which was all BS , that 's why I had so many different stories . " As evidence now shows , Gardner also knew of Junior 's confession of guilt to psychologist Lott even before the trial . Driven by conscience , Lott had told the judge what Junior had voluntarily revealed to him , but the judge did not disclose this to the jury and went so far as to instruct Lott not to share the information with the defense . When the defense took the unusual step of asking the judge , instead of the jury , to pass sentence , Judge Gardner chose death . This week the Mississippi Supreme Court denied the state attorney general 's motion to set Thursday as an execution date for Ms. Byrom . The big question now is whether the Mississippi Supreme Court will grant Byrom 's request for a hearing to consider the newly revealed evidence , including Lott 's affidavit stating that he told the trial judge about Junior 's confession . I 'm holding my breath . I know all too well what happens in such successor petitions in some higher courts . In my book "  The Death of Innocents , " I tell of two men in Virginia and Louisiana denied hearings on new evidence of innocence because the higher court held their petitions to be "  procedurally barred " or because Southern supreme courts , almost as a matter of course , uphold prosecutors ' positions on death cases . Those two men were executed , and I accompanied them to their deaths . I hope and pray that Byrom , a victim of both physical and constitutional abuses , fares better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Helen Prejean .	Sister Helen Prejean , portrayed in "  Dead Man Walking , " wants court to review death row case Mississippi court denies request to set Michelle Byrom 's execution for Thursday She 's on death row for allegedly plotting to murder her husband , but her son has confessed Byrom has "  suffered a lifetime of abuse " and "  struggles with mental illness , " writes Prejean
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The South Korean military apologized Monday for shooting at a commercial airplane carrying 119 passengers and crew . The Asiana Airlines flight was preparing to land Friday morning at Incheon International Airport , 70 kilometers  43 miles  west of Seoul , when two soldiers fired at the aircraft after mistaking it for a North Korean military jet . The soldiers were on Gyodong Island near the North Korean border . After firing 99 rounds , they reported the incident . The South Korean military claims the rounds were only warning shots from K-2 rifles , and there was no damage to the aircraft because it was out of range . "  I sincerely apologize for causing the public concern over the incident , " Col. Lee Bung-Woo , spokesman for the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Monday . The aircraft , on its way from Chengdu , China , was "  flying on its regular route under command of the flight control tower , " Asiana Airlines spokesman Ki Won Suh said . Asiana confirmed two other flights flew on the same route 20 minutes before and after the firing incident , raising questions about why only one flight concerned the soldiers . The passengers and pilots were unaware they had been fired upon until they landed . "  We understand the guards need more education on how to distinguish civilian airplanes , " said Lee , the military spokesman . But the South Korean military said it will not reprimand the two soldiers because they acted in accordance with procedure . The incident comes at a time of heightened tensions between the two Koreas . Pyongyang said it would cut off all ties with Seoul last month , accusing the South of waging psychological warfare by sending propaganda into North Korea undermining the regime . CNN 's Jiyeon Lee contributed to this report	Two soldiers fired 99 rounds after mistaking the plane for a North Korean military jet Military official : Guards "  need more education on how to distinguish civilian airplanes " The South Korean military says the rounds fired were warning shots The airline says two other flights flew on the same route within an hour
CNN  -- Paintings by famous modern artists disappeared from an exhibition in the Netherlands in a predawn art heist Tuesday , shutting down an exhibition in the Kunsthal Rotterdam , where works by Pablo Picasso , Vincent van Gogh , Andy Warhol and Claude Monet are on display . Seven works of "  considerable value " disappeared in the museum theft , spokeswoman Mariette Maaskant said on Netherlands public radio . "  Initial investigations show the burglar was well prepared , " police said in a statement . Painting from Clapton 's collection nabs record price Rotterdam police said evidence has been secured and they are speaking with potential witnesses . Investigators are also looking at security camera footage . The paintings include Pablo Picasso 's "  Tete d'Arlequin " ; Henri Matisse 's "  La Liseuse en Blanc et Jaune " ; and Claude Monet 's "  Waterloo Bridge , London " and "  Charing Cross Bridge , London , " Rotterdam police said . The other three were Paul Gauguin 's "  Femme devant une fenÃªtre ouverte , dite la Fiancee , " Meyer de Haan 's "  Autoportrait " and Lucian Freud 's "  Woman with Eyes Closed . " London : Man charged for defacing classic painting at the Tate The Kunsthal 's alarm system went off shortly after 3 a.m. local time , alerting the exhibition hall 's private security detail . When security staffers arrived by car , they saw that the paintings were missing , Rotterdam police spokesman Roland Ekkers said . They informed police , who started an investigation . The works belong to a private collection that is being shown for the first time to the public , according to a Kunsthal statement . The Triton Collection has taken 20 years to assemble and includes more than 150 works of modern art from the "  late nineteenth century to the present day . " It spans art movements from impressionism and expressionism to cubism and constructivism . Its roster of artists boasts the names of Marcel Duchamp , Piet Mondriaan and George Braque , to name just a few . Andy Warhol 's '15 minutes ' of fame are not up yet Journalist Dominique Van Heerden contributed to this report .	7 stolen works were by Picasso , Matisse , Monet , Gauguin , others Paintings of "  considerable value " were taken , Kunsthal Rotterdam spokeswoman says The collection contains more than 150 works of art , including artists Duchamp , Braque The early morning break-in triggered an alarm and a security response
Cairo  CNN  -- Amid the celebrations that greeted the declaration of a winner in Egypt 's first freely elected presidential vote , a British student journalist was being sexually assaulted by a mob in Tahrir Square . Natasha Smith recounted the experience on her blog and in an interview with CNN . Smith , who has since left Egypt , wrote that the moving demonstrations of freedom turned to horror "  in a split second " when dozens of frenzied men dragged her away from two male companions and began to grope her "  with increasing force and aggression . " "  Men started ripping off all my clothes , " she told CNN . "  First of all , it was my skirt , and that just went straight away , and I did n't even feel my underwear being removed . Then my shoes went and clothes on my upper half were just being ripped off me , and that was quite painful . " During the assault , "  I was just in this weird , detached state of mind , and I just kept saying , ` Please God , please make it stop . Please , God , make it stop . ' " Her experience echoes the assaults faced by two prominent female reporters , CBS News correspondent Lara Logan and Egyptian-American columnist Mona Eltahawy , who has said her attackers were officers at a police station . One of Smith 's friends , Callum Paton , told CNN the mob dragged Smith naked across the ground before another group of men stepped in to protect her . Read Natasha Smith 's account . "  There were several moments at which I thought she was going to die , " Paton said . "  And I think that really the fact that we are still alive , and especially Natasha 's still alive , was because there were so many people who were willing to help us and were willing to risk their own lives and put them in direct danger to get her out of that situation . " Smith was on her first international assignment , shooting a documentary on women 's rights in Egypt as her final college project . A doctor who treated Smith and a British Embassy official who met her at the hospital corroborrated her account for CNN . "  If there had n't been a small group of men around me , I would have been raped and killed , " she said . "  That 's just without question , because that 's what the men were trying to do . It was very clear what they were trying to do to me . They were n't just trying to play around with me , they were gunning for me for whatever reason . " On her blog , she wrote that an ambulance pulled up at one point , but it was forced to leave when it "  was invaded by tens of men . " Even after being escorted to a medical tent by volunteers who formed a cordon around her , her attackers surrounded the tent . Women who assisted her told her the attack "  was motivated by rumors spread by troublemaking thugs that I was a foreign spy , following a national advertising campaign warning of the dangers of foreigners . " "  Arab women , Muslim women were all around me , just crying , saying ` This is not Egypt ! This is not Egypt ! This is not Islam ! These are thugs ! ' " she told CNN . She said she responded , "  I know , I love Egypt , I know this is not Islam , it 's OK . "  And they were stunned , 'cause they thought I was going to be so full of hate and so full of fear . But from the very beginning , I do n't blame Egypt for this . This is not the workings of the Egyptian people . This is not representative . " To escape , she said , "  I was told I had to put my trust in this Egyptian man . I was disguised in a burqa and let out of this tent with this man , barefoot and I had to pretend to be his wife and walk through the streets and he kept just saying to me , ` Do n't cry . Do not cry . If you cry , people will know . ' " On her blog , she complained about her treatment at the hospital , noting that the doctor 's first question was whether she was married , "  which is of course the most important question to be asking a victim of mass sexual abuse . " "  He and a female nurse  who only reluctantly kept me covered up  looked briefly at the damage and just wandered off , saying that because I did n't have internal bleeding , they could n't do anything , " she wrote . "  A useful trip , that was . " But the doctor , Mohammed Meligi , said Smith 's account may be "  a misunderstanding , because she was here first time to enter the Egyptian hospital . " Smith said her case will get attention "  because I 'm British and I 'm young and I 'm a girl , " but she said other Egyptian women "  will often suffer these attacks and worse attacks and there 'll be no justice done . " "  There 's been an outpouring of support , and I 'm so grateful for that , " she said . But she said she wished that support could be shared with "  all women , of all nationalities , wherever they are . " "  I 'll be so happy if this could make any difference to other women who are in this situation , not just in Egypt , not just in the Middle East , but everywhere , " she said . CNN 's Jonathan Wald in London contributed to this report .	British reporter Natasha Smith recounts attack in Tahrir Square Smith says she was mobbed by men who "  started ripping off all my clothes " "  There were several moments at which I thought she was going to die , " a friend says Egyptians stepped in to protect her and helped her escape , she says
CNN  -- Bagpipers sounded "  Amazing Grace " on a snowy day at a Utah cemetery as military pallbearers marched to rest the casket of Pfc. Aaron Thomas Nemelka , one of 13 people gunned down last week in Ford Hood , Texas . A throng of mourners arrived for the funeral service at a Mormon church in West Jordan , and then solemnly witnessed the burial of the 19-year-old combat engineer set for deployment in Afghanistan . One of six of the Fort Hood victims laid to rest across the country on Saturday , Nemelka was buried at the Utah Veterans Memorial Park , south of Bluffdale . American flags flapped in the freezing wind and a soldier played "  Taps " amid a graveside huddle of military comrades , veterans , family members and Patriot Guard Riders , the motorcycle group that honors slain troops . "  This one is a little bit hard to understand , " said Utah Gov. Gary Herbert , who spoke to reporters after the church service . He said Nemelka 's death is particularly hard to accept because of the circumstances . Authorities say Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , a U.S. Army psychiatrist , opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood on November 5 , killing 13 people . Hasan , who was seriously wounded in the incident , was charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder -- charges that make him eligible for the death penalty . Nemelka graduated from high school in 2008 and enlisted the same year , and then was ready to deploy to Afghanistan in January . The youngest of four children , Nemelka loved his work as a combat engineer and was being trained to defuse bombs , according to a report in Salt Lake City 's Deseret News posted on the Nemelka family Web page . He had been assigned to the 510th Engineer Company , 20th Engineer Battalion in Fort Hood . Aaron 's uncle , Maj. Kevin Nemelka , read a statement on behalf of his nephew 's parents to reporters Saturday . They thanked people who sent cards , flowers and provided food for them and expressed gratitude to their son 's military comrades . "  During this moment , when grief and sorrow threaten to overwhelm us , we look to our faith , to our family and to our friends for comfort , " the statement said . The statement also said the family drew strength from people who lost loved ones and passed along condolences to the relatives of the other victims . In their statement , they made a point to say they were honored to meet President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama at the Tuesday memorial at Fort Hood . The couple was comforted by the couple 's "  heartfelt and sincere expressions of sorrow , support and love . " "  Since that visit , it has been our fervent prayer the president would receive the best advice " and the "  inspiration of heaven as he struggles with the problems of our nation , most especially as he wrestles with the difficult decisions on the future of the long and terrible war in Afghanistan and Iraq , " the statement said . The five other victims for whom funerals were Saturday were : Pfc. Michael Pearson Pearson , 22 , of Bolingbrook , Illinois , enlisted in the Army more than a year ago to realize his musical dream . He hoped the military would be his path to college , where he could study musical theory , his brother Kristopher Craig said . Pearson was scheduled to deploy to either Iraq or Afghanistan in January , his brother said . He was learning to deactivate bombs and training in the Mojave Desert , said his mother , Sheryll Pearson . She was looking forward to seeing her son at Christmas . He was assigned to the 510th Engineer Company , 20th Engineer Battalion in Fort Hood . Spc. Jason Dean Hunt The 22-year-old from Tillman , Oklahoma , enlisted in the Army in 2006 and spent his 21st birthday in Iraq , his sister , Leila Willingham , said . He chose to re-enlist , dedicating the next six years to the military . Hunt was recently married and set for his second deployment to Iraq , his sister told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " He graduated high school in 2005 and tested his hand at a career in information technology , Willingham said . He was assigned to the 1st Brigade , 1st Cavalry Division in Ford Hood . Sgt. Amy Krueger Krueger , 29 , of Kiel , Wisconsin , was a high school athlete who joined the military after the September 11 attacks , Kiel High School Principal Dario Talerico told the Milwaukee-Wisconsin Journal Sentinel . Krueger played for the high school basketball and softball teams and graduated in 1998 , Talerico said . A high school friend who later shared an apartment with Krueger had fond memories of the sergeant . She was assigned to the 467th Medical Company , Madison , Wisconsin . Capt. John Gaffaney Gaffaney , 54 , of San Diego , California , was an Army reservist and been a psychiatric nurse by training . He worked for two decades in San Diego County , California , where he helped elderly victims of abuse and neglect . Ellen Schmeding , assistant deputy director of the county 's Aging and Independence Services Department , told CNN affiliate KFMB that Gaffaney most recently served as a supervisor for the county 's Adult Protective Services Department . Gaffaney was assigned to the 1908th Medical Company , Independence , Missouri . Staff Sgt. Justin DeCrow DeCrow , 32 , of Plymouth , Indiana , went to Fort Hood in September to prepare for his deployment to Iraq , which was scheduled for sometime between December and March . Daniel DeCrow , Justin DeCrow 's father , told CNN affiliate WSBT in South Bend , Indiana , that his son joined the Army after finishing high school in Plymouth . DeCrow was assigned to the 16th Signal Company , 62nd Signal Battalion , 11th Signal Brigade , Fort Hood .	Pfc. Aaron Thomas Nemelka was buried Saturday in snowy West Jordan , Utah Nemelka was one of six Fort Hood massacre victims laid to rest on Saturday The 19-year-old combat engineer was set for deployment in Afghanistan Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan has been charged in the slayings at the Army base in Texas
Before her wedding , Katharine McPhee talked with InStyle about meeting her future husband , picking the ring and her wedding day . InStyle.com  -- Every bit the blushing bride , American Idol alum Katharine McPhee gushes about her producer fiance , Nick Cokas , and shares their plans for a big , fat , half-Greek wedding . Q : How did you and Nick meet ? We met in 2005 , doing a show in Los Angeles called The Ghost and Mrs. Muir . -LSB- Cokas was a producer . -RSB- I had just turned 21 and had no idea what I was doing with my life . I was totally focused on my career . Plus , I was at my wit 's end with this other boyfriend . Nick and I went on a few dates . We would go to a bar , and then go back to his car . It was so high school . We 'd kiss in the car and then talk until like four in the morning . It was very sweet . Q : Tell us about your gown . It 's a Manuel Mota for Pronovias . It originally had lace straps that were very beautiful , but I really like my shoulders . That part of my body is one of my favorites . I wanted to show off my shoulders and my back a little bit for the wedding . And the people at R-Mine Bridal Couture , where I bought it said , "  No problem . We can make it into a sweetheart neckline . " Watch how she looked at wedding " Q : Are you going to wear a veil ? Yes , but I was n't going to at first . I thought , "  Who wears veils over their heads anymore ? This is 2008 ! " But now I am excited to wear one . I think it will be good because I might be teary-eyed when I 'm coming down the aisle ... or nervous . My dad 's going to pull it back for me when we get to the altar . The thing about weddings is it 's the one time in your life that you actually get to wear a big , poofy dress . Unless you 're getting an Academy Award , you really do n't have opportunities like that , so you might as well take advantage of it . I say , "  Go big ! This is your wedding . Go big ! " Q : Do you have any advice for other brides ? Remember that it 's your wedding day . Nick and I talk about this a lot . We 're having these amazing musicians come for the cocktail hour and we 're having this huge gospel choir , this huge band and everything 's big , big , big . The dress is big , and we have so many groomsmen and bridesmaids , but you know what ? At the end of the day , it 's really about the expression of commitment in love and marriage . So , do n't get too carried away . A wedding is about the commitment of love that you 're making to your partner . It 's as simple as that . Q : Will any of your Idol "  classmates " be performing ? Mandisa is actually going to sing at the ceremony . She is going to sing this song that means a lot to me and Nick . It 's called "  Stay with You " by John Legend , and we 're going to have the gospel choir behind her . And then Kellie -LSB- Pickler -RSB- will be there , but I do n't know if she 'll sing . She might just hang out . Q : Tell us about your ring . Did you pick it out together ? Nick designed it with jeweler Cindy Boudov , an amazing woman who does everything by hand . The poor thing -LSB- Cokas -RSB- . I was all over the place . We 'd be in this store , we 'd be in that store , and I was , "  I want that one , " and he 'd be , "  But you just said you wanted a pear shape . " And then I 'd be , "  Oh , look at this antique ring . I want it to look like that , really antique looking . " He was , "  Oh my god . " He did an amazing job . It 's just beautiful , so I 'm a happy girl . -LSB- McPhee 's ring is a 3-carat-brilliant-cut round diamond set in platinum . -RSB- Q : What are your honeymoon plans ? We 're leaving the day after the wedding for Maui . We 've never been there before . I really want to ride in a helicopter and go hiking , and I want to take surf lessons . I am not much of a lay-on-the-beach kind of girl . I want to be in the ocean . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	American Idol alum Katharine McPhee had second thoughts about veil She had her "  big , poofy dress " changed to show off her favorite bits Her husband Nick Cokas helped design her engagement ring
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration will hold a hearing Monday as it considers whether to approve genetically engineered salmon for human consumption . If approved it would be the first genetically modified animal permitted by the food safety agency . A company , AquAdvantage Salmon , has injected growth hormones into Atlantic salmon that enable the fish to reach maturity in half the normal growth time , 16 to 18 months , rather than 30 months . The FDA in an analysis dated Monday , wrote : "  We therefore conclude the food from AquAdvantage Salmon that is the subject of this application is as safe as food from conventional Atlantic salmon and that there is a reasonable certainty of no harm from the consumption of food from this animal . " But critics worry about the possible health effects of eating fish containing the growth hormone . Eatocracy : What does "  genetically modified " salmon mean ? "  It 's impossible to talk about the risks other than saying they have n't been properly assessed , other than process has been rushed and we do n't know , " said Wenonah Hauter , executive director of Food and Water Watch . She added that the FDA is a "  very stressed agency " with all the latest recalls and outbreaks , that it "  ca n't ensure the safety of the foods they currently regulate . " Hauter said that the FDA has relied too heavily on information provided by AquAdvantage and that there should be a more extended time given to thoroughly vet and discuss risks . A final decision is expected in a few weeks .	If OK 'd the salmon will be the first genetically modified animal permitted by the FDA Injected growth hormones make the fish reach maturity in half the growth time Critics question the possible health effects
London , England  CNN  -- A British Airways employee accused of funding terrorism and planning suicide bombings -- including his own -- appeared in court Thursday . Prosecutor Colin Gibb called the suspect , Rajib Karim , "  a very dangerous individual , facing very serious offenses and likely to face a serious term of imprisonment . " Authorities said Karim -- who was born in Bangladesh and is now a British citizen -- collected money in Britain and sent it to Yemen and Bangladesh to fund terrorist activities . British authorities believe he had significant success in financing terrorist operations , security sources with knowledge of the case told CNN . He volunteered to recruit suicide bombers and to be one himself , prosecutors said in court . He said he would go to Yemen or Pakistan for training , they charged . Karim , 30 , is charged with two counts of engaging in conduct in preparation of terrorist acts and fundraising for the purpose of terrorism , London 's Metropolitan Police Service said Wednesday . He appeared in Westminster Magistrates ' Court on Thursday . Karim , of Newcastle-upon-Tyne , is an information technology developer for British Airways , authorities have said . The alleged offenses took place between April 13 , 2006 , and February 25 , 2010 , "  with the intention of committing acts of terrorism outside the UK or assisting another to commit such acts , " police said . Karim did not speak during the 15-minute court hearing except to confirm his name and date of birth , November 4 , 1979 . He wore a black fleece pullover zipped up to the neck and white trousers , and appeared impassive throughout the hearing . He did not enter a plea . The hearing was intended only to outline the charges and discuss bail . Karim did not apply for bail . Prosecutor Gibbs had argued he should not be granted bail primarily because there was an ongoing investigation that could be impeded if Karim were released . Police learned about his alleged activities from encrypted data on his computer at home , which was seized when he was arrested last month . He used his position at British Airways to advise foreign terrorists on airport security measures , including suspicion scans , liquid allowances , and computer systems , prosecutors alleged . He is also accused of offering to take advantage of a possible strike by British Airways crews . Prosecutors believe he advised his contacts that because of the industrial disputes he might have the opportunity to apply to join a cabin crew , giving him information on cabin crew training and on-the-job activity . BA is planning to shuffle staff to cover positions left vacant if the strike goes ahead . Authorities did not say who Karim was aiding or reporting to . They are investigating possible connections to terrorists in Bangladesh , Pakistan and Yemen , security sources told CNN . Magistrate Judge Timothy Workman scheduled Karim 's next hearing for March 26 at the Old Bailey in London . CNN International Security Correspondent Paula Newton and producer Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	30-year-old BA employee appears in court on terror charges Rajib Karim employeed by BA as an information technology developer Authorities allege he sent money to Yemen and Bangladesh to fund terrorist activities Police learned about alleged activities from encrypted data on his home computer
CNN  -- A top European Union official expressed concern Thursday about the condition of former Ukrainian prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko , saying she was roughed up in prison . Tymoshenko is serving a seven-year sentence after last year 's conviction on a charge of abuse of authority . The two-time prime minister said Tuesday she was beaten unconscious in prison last week , but the prosecutor said his office investigated her claim and found no proof to substantiate her allegations . Thursday , however , the spokesman for EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Tymoshenko 's claim was confirmed . "  Today the Ukrainian Ombudsperson 's Office confirmed that Ms. Tymoshenko was subjected to physical violence during the transfer from her cell to a hospital on 20 April , " read a statement from Ashton 's office . Ashton called on Ukraine "  to examine promptly and impartially any complaints of torture or other forms of cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , " according to the statement . Tymoshenko went on a hunger strike after the beating to draw attention to "  violence and lack of rights " in her country . Ashton 's statement said she is "  seriously concerned " about Tymoshenko 's hunger strike . She asked Ukraine to allow the EU ambassador and independent medical specialists to visit the former prime minister in prison . Tymoshenko said she was discussing with officials a transfer to a hospital for health reasons before the beating . In a statement , Tymoshenko said that on Friday evening , after her cell mate left the cell , "  three sturdy men " entered , threw a bed sheet over her , dragged her off the bed and applied "  brutal force . " "  In pain and despair , I started to defend myself as I could and got a strong blow in my stomach through the bed sheet , " she said in a statement . Tymoshenko was dragged "  into the street , " she said . "  I thought these were the last minutes of my life . In unbearable pain and fear I started to cry and call out for help , but no help came . " She fell unconscious , and when she came to , she was in a hospital ward , she said . Last October , a Ukrainian court found Tymoshenko guilty of abuse of authority for signing overpriced gas contracts with Russia and sentenced her to the seven-year prison term . The prosecutor said the gas deals inflicted damages to the country amounting to more than 1.5 billion hryvnas  almost $ 190 million at the current exchange rate  . The court ruled she must repay the money . Amnesty International has slammed the verdict as "  politically motivated " and called for the release of Tymoshenko , who was prime minister from January to September 2005 and December 2007 to March 2010 .	EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton says she is concerned Ashton : The Ukrainian Ombudsperson 's Office confirmed the beating Tymoshenko went on a hunger strike after the beating She is serving a 7-year sentence for abuse of authority
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Eight Chinese officials have been fired or suspended after five boys died in a rubbish bin after suffocating on fumes from charcoal they burned to stay warm , according to state-run media . The bodies of the boys , aged between 9 and 13 , were found by a trash collector on Friday in Bijie in China 's southwestern Guizhou province , Xinhua reported . They are believed to have died the night before , as rain fell and temperatures plunged to as low as six degrees Celsius  43 degrees Fahrenheit  . Six officials have lost their jobs , including the principals of two local schools and four government officials in charge of education and civil affairs in Qixingguan district where Bijie is located . Two deputy heads from the same departments were also suspended pending an investigation . Users on China 's social media platforms expressed shock and disgust , with some questioning how society could have allowed such young children to fall through the cracks . One user on Sina Weibo , China 's version of Twitter , wrote : "  China is supposedly an intermediate developed country but still ca n't protect its own children . At the age when they should be enjoying a happy childhood these poor kids are wandering and dying on the streets . "  @Datounaonao Another said : "  I just ca n't believe this is a story happening in my country today ... where are the "  relevant departments " doing on this ? And "  where are the kids ' parents ? Why give birth to children and then abandon them ? "  @Dongsir Days after their deaths , details of the boys ' lives emerged in local press . They all belonged to the same extended family , the sons of three brothers . Two of the fathers , Tao Yuanwu and Tao Xueyuan , were rural migrants , who had moved from Guizhou to the special economic zone of Shenzhen near the Hong Kong border , where they worked as rubbish collectors . The other father , Tao Jinyou , a poor man who was said to work long hours tending fields , told Xinhua that he and his wife paid little attention to their own son , let alone their nephews . "  Sometimes they did n't even come home at night , " he said . Persistent truants , the boys were said to have been missing for three weeks before they were found dead . "  At first , I sent  my son  back to school by force , " Tao said . "  But every time he 'd run away again , so I knew it was hopeless . " There are estimated to be more than 150,000 street children in China , according to official figures quoted by Xinhua . However , Dale Rutstein of UNICEF China said up to 1.5 million children were thought to be fending for themselves across the country but , given the fluid nature of homelessness , it was hard to keep track . Rutstein says the presence of street children is obvious in some cities , but it 's safe to assume that many remain in rural towns , the byproduct of a huge demographic shift in China , as parents move to booming cities for work . "  It 's not uncommon to see several children living in a household with an elderly couple in rural China . These are the left behind children . Right now people are coping the best they can , " Rutstein said . It 's estimated there are 55 million "  left behind " children in China , the sons and daughters of 200 million migrant workers who have moved to the cities for a better life . "  We would say in UNICEF that that 's one of the most significant challenges for China right now , because all the data shows these children have lower nutrition , suffer a higher rate of accidents and injuries and are at greater risk of abuse and exploitation , " Rutstein said . State media reported that four of the five boys found dead in the dumpster were being cared for by their aging , blind grandmother who had difficulty caring for herself . A local resident told CCTV that neighbors had noticed the boys wandering the streets . "  They took a shabby shed in a construction site near the dumpster and ate some discarded vegetables in the market and played football that they had picked up , " he said . Last year , China 's Ministry of Civil Affairs launched a nationwide campaign to return "  vagrant " children to their homes . Once sent back , the children would be placed in government-run shelters , according to Xinhua . "  Street orphans should be placed in the care of welfare institutions or foster families if their guardians can not be found , " the article said , quoting the vice minister of civil affairs . Despite efforts to pull millions out of poverty in China over recent decades , the country still lacks modern child welfare systems seen in the West , Rutstein said . "  The concept of social workers , for instance , which is quite well known in Europe and North America , is very , very new in China . China 's aware of this and there are many efforts in place right now to professionalize the whole system of social workers , to introduce alternatives to institutionalization , or just sending children to a state orphanage , which traditionally has been the main response to these kinds of situations , " he said . An opinion piece published Wednesday in China Daily asked whether authorities were too quick to lay the blame on local officials and suggested that major changes were needed to reduce the number of "  left behind children . " "  This tragedy is a wake-up call that something needs to be done to improve the working and living conditions of migrant workers , so they can settle in the cities where they work and enjoy the same rights as their urban counterparts . This would enable them to have their children live with them , " it said . The plight of the dead children in Guizhou has been compared on social media to the tale of the Little Match Girl , a Hans Christian Anderson story of a girl ignored by the rich who froze to death after trying to warm herself with a lit match . On Wednesday , messages of condolences for the five boys were still being posted on Weibo . "  Hope they wo n't feel cold anymore in heaven , " @Qingyu_aneya said . @KongXia added : "  Rest in peace , do n't reincarnate in China ... " Referring to Beijing 's decision to turn on the city 's heating system two weeks early this year due to colder temperatures , one of China 's most popular fairy tale writers , Zheng Yuanjie , posted : "  Beijing spent 800 million -LSB- yuan -RSB- to start the heating system 15 days ahead of time , but you 're out of the reach . Hope the ` The Little Match Boys ' can forgive us in heaven . " The boys were Tao Zhongjing , 12 ; Tao Zhonghong , 11 ; Tao Zhonglin , 13 ; Tao Chong , 12 ; and Tao Bo , 9 . Wei Yuan Wen Min contributed to this report .	Eight officials sacked or suspended over deaths of five boys in dumpster Children died from carbon monoxide poisoning after burning charcoal for heat Aged between 9 and 13 , the boys came from one extended family UNICEF says one of China 's biggest challenges is caring for "  left behind children "
CNN  -- Frigid temperatures threatened Florida citrus crops as much of the Southeast into plunged into the teens Monday morning . State capital Tallahassee had plunged to 16 degrees by 5:25 a.m. ET , while temperatures in the 30s or below could be found well south of Orlando . The cold made Florida cities like Winter Haven anything but . The National Weather Service issued a hard freeze warning that extended as far south as Lake Okeechobee . Normally immune to the cold of winter , temperatures in Miami barely got into the 40s on Sunday ; normally , they 'd be in the 70s . Share your cold weather stories , photos But the biggest news about the big chill is coming from the northern part of Florida , where a hard freeze watch is in effect , CNN 's meteorologist Bonnie Schneider said . That could be bad news for citrus trees that rarely survive when temperatures remain in the mid-20s or below for four hours or longer , according to Kristen Gunter , a spokeswoman for the association of companies that pick and process the oranges . Some groves in the northern part of the growing area sustained substantial damage Saturday night and Sunday morning , when temperatures dipped to 28 degrees or lower for at least six hours , said Andrew Meadows , spokesman for Florida Citrus Mutual , a group representing about 8,000 citrus growers in the state . It will take about five weeks to quantify the losses , he said . Florida citrus is a $ 9.3 billion industry . The state produces three-quarters of the United States ' orange crop and 40 percent of the world 's orange juice supply . " -LSB- Sunday night -RSB- will be the night to watch , because if things do n't go well , the entire economy will be affected , jobs could be lost if fruit on the ground can not be harvested , workers will go elsewhere in the U.S. , and Florida will lose , " Gunter said . The citrus harvest is at its peak right now , she said , and workers are already grinding away seven days a week as it is . "  I 'm not sure we can work any faster , " Gunter said .	Temperature in Tallahassee drops to 18 on Monday morning Crops may have been damaged by 28-degree cold overnight Saturday and Sunday Florida produces 40 percent of world 's orange juice
The newest Medal of Honor recipient , former Army Staff Sgt. Ryan M. Pitts , said he wanted the nation not to remember his name , but those of the nine men who were killed in one of the fiercest fights of the war in Afghanistan . "  Valor was everywhere that day and the real heroes are the nine men who made the ultimate sacrifice so the rest of us could come home , " Pitts told reporters in a short statement after receiving the nation 's highest award for valor in combat . President Barack Obama awarded Pitts the medal on Monday in a White House ceremony , saying the former Army sergeant represented the best of America 's military . Pitts , severely wounded while serving as a forward observer six years ago in a fierce battle in Afghanistan 's Kunar province , is the the ninth person to receive for actions during wars in Afghanistan or Iraq . "  In Ryan Pitts , you see the humility and the loyalty that define America 's men and women in uniform , " Obama said . In the predawn hours of July 13 , 2008 , Pitts , who was wounded in one arm and both legs and near death , lobbed grenades at militants so close he could hear them talking , and he fired a machine gun at the enemy . He tossed grenade after grenade under a hail of enemy gunfire as comrades fell . He also asked other soldiers to fire at his position to prevent the enemy from gaining ground , according to the Army 's account of events . By the time fellow soldiers reached his position , Pitts was bleeding profusely yet firing furiously as he struggled to defend his post . "  It just seemed like the only option , " Pitts told CNN before the ceremony . "  Stay and fight . For whatever reason . " Nine soldiers died in the battle . Pitts read their names : Spc. Sergio Abad , Cpl. Jonathan Ayers , Cpl. Jason Bogar , 1st Lt. Jonathan Brostrom , Sgt. Israel Garcia , Cpl. Jason Hovater , Cpl. Matthew Phillips , Cpl. Pruitt Rainey , and Cpl. Gunnar Zwilling . "  Thank you , chosen few , " he said . Twenty-seven others were injured . The chaotic Battle of Wanat was later the subject of a military investigation . The President paid tribute those who died , mentioning them by name . "  It is remarkable that we have young men and women serving in our military who day in and day out are able to perform with so much integrity , so much humility and so much courage , " Obama said . "  Ryan represents the very best of that tradition . And we are very , very proud of him . " Marine who took grenade blast for comrade receives Medal of Honor Pitts has since retired from the military and lives in Nashua , New Hampshire , where he works for the computer software industry and is the father of a 1-year-old son . Monday was his second wedding anniversary . For Pitts , who has "  always wanted to serve " since age 17 , the award also recognizes the efforts of his fallen comrades . "  They were incredible soldiers . I mean they were warriors that day , " Pitts said . "  But they were also great people . " He remembers how Zwilling , Phillips and Rainey all "  loved to play poker . " "  They were all pretty good at it . Rainey was probably the best . He had won quite a bit of money playing poker in Afghanistan . " Bogar "  was very introspective and reflective on our time there . Probably more so than the rest of us , " he recalled . Abad was deployed before he could wed so "  he married his wife over the phone in Afghanistan . " Brostrom was a father who loved to surf and who adored his alma mater , the University of Hawaii , he said . Hovater "  was probably the funniest guy in the platoon . Great sense of humor . He 'd make fun of himself just as much as he 'd make fun of anybody else . Nobody was safe , " Pitts said . "  We were like family , " he said . Garcia "  loved his wife , his family . He was a happy guy . A very infectious smile . " Pitts remembers holding Garcia 's hand as he died and promising him that he would tell his wife and mother that he loved them . "  There was n't a whole lot that I could do for him , so I just held his hand and -- I could n't tell you much of what we talked about or even if we talked that much . I just know that he told me to tell his wife and mom that he loved them , " Pitts said . After his deployment , Pitts kept his promise . "  I went back to Italy and his mom -- Mary Cruz and his wife , Leslie ,  were  there . So I was able to sit down --  Spc. Michael Denton  came with me . We were both able to sit down and told them . " Pitts said he would n't do anything differently because a brotherhood was forged through battle . "  The term brother is the best to describe our relationship -- but it almost ... seems to fall short of , you know , how we feel about each other and the people I 've met , " he said clearing his throat . "  The impact they had on my life -- personally and professionally , the experiences that I went through with them -- I would n't trade anything for it . " After braving gunfire to save comrades , Army vet gets highest U.S. military honor	Staff Sgt. Ryan M. Pitts fought off insurgents with grenades in 2008 Afghan battle Pitts asks Americans to remember the heroes -- the men who died that day President Obama extolled the former sergeant 's humility and loyalty Pitts said he was profoundly changed by his battle experience
EW.com  -- For Broadway producers , Thanksgiving brought some extra trimmings this year . According to figures from the Broadway League , a dozen Broadway shows topped $ 1 million at the box office for the week ending Nov. 25 -- the first time that 's happened all year . Perennial musical hits led the list : "  Wicked "  $ 2.3 million  , "  The Lion King "  $ 2.1 million  , "  The Book of Mormon "  $ 1.8 million  , and "  Spider-Man : Turn Off the Dark "  $ 1.78 million  . The fifth slot went to the just-opened revival "  Annie , " which took a stroll down Easy Street by selling $ 1.5 million in tickets , 105 percent of the show 's potential gross and a house record for the Palace Theatre .  Premium ticket charges spiked the average ticket price to $ 116 , from $ 89 the week before . Two other new productions took advantage of seasonal enthusiasm : "  A Christmas Story : The Musical , " which opened last Monday , took in $ 1.1 million for the week -- though it managed to sneak in an extra ninth performance to goose its box office total . The show earned a promising 70 percent of its potential gross . Another holiday-themed screen-to-stage musical , Elf , fell just short of the seven-figure mark with $ 997,000 over eight performances , about 60 percent of its potential gross . Filling out the million-dollar club last week : "  Once "  $ 1.17 million  , "  The Phantom of the Opera "  $ 1.13 million  , "  Mary Poppins "  $ 1.12 million  , "  Newsies "  $ 1.11 million  , "  Evita "  $ 1.01 million  , and "  Jersey Boys "  $ 1.01 million  . The Al Pacino-led revival of "  Glengarry Glen Ross " earns an asterisk for the week -- and not just because the high-grossing nonmusical drama is officially still in previews before its Dec. 8 premiere . "  Glengarry " used the Thanksgiving holiday to scale back its schedule to five performances  instead of its usual seven  . As a result , its haul last week was just $ 853,737 , down from $ 1.16 million the previous week . EW Daily Poll : Who will win ` Dancing With the Stars ' ? Meanwhile , turkey time had a very different meaning for the producers of "  Scandalous , " the new musical biography of Aimee Semple McPherson with book and lyrics by Kathie Lee Gifford . In its first full week since its Nov. 15 opening , the show scraped up a thin gruel of $ 194,511 , less than 16 percent of its potential gross , and played to houses that were less than one third full . Even a presidential pardon is unlikely to save this one . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A dozen Broadway shows topped $ 1 million at the box office for the week ending Nov. 25 Shows like "  Wicked , " "  The Lion King " and "  The Book of Mormon " topped the list "  Scandalous " with book and lyrics by Kathie Lee Gifford did less well
CNN  -- I wear the burqa for the simple reason that I am a Muslim and the Koran says that I must wear the full veil in order to be modest . I am proud of my Muslim faith and my modesty . I am proud to follow God 's law . Nobody ever forced me to wear the full veil and I have been wearing it for around 10 years now . In fact , very few of my friends actually wear one . There are , of course , situations in which some men force their wives or daughters to wear the burqa but , believe me , these cases are a very , very small minority . For those of us who are believers , we just want to do God 's will and live by the sacred text , so what any man says has nothing to do with that . I am testament to that as I do n't have a husband and I practice my religion freely , that 's why I 'm always shocked when people say it 's the husband who forces his wife to wear a burqa . It is actually the case that a lot of men in France do not wish their wives to wear the full veil because when they go out , they are insulted or attacked and their husbands do n't want them to be put in that situation . I first started wearing the full veil when I was a teenager but I stopped for a while because when you 're young , you do n't want to be set apart , you want to look like everyone else . But later after seeing what was happening with terrorist attacks involving Muslims all over the world , I decided to become more conscious and find out more about my faith . In the process , I found myself becoming more spiritual and decided to start wearing the burqa . Now , my liberty is being threatened with this law proposed by the French government . If this law is passed , it will be a great injustice . It is very unfair that they are even considering this law . Perhaps the French authorities are terrified that women will start dressing like this , despite evidence to the contrary . Why am I , as a Muslim woman , targeted unfairly , when there are less than 2,000 of us in France who wear the burqa ? Where is my freedom of clothing or expression ? France prides itself as a country that upholds the rights of man but where are my rights ? Why am I not free to wear what I want ? Many cite security reasons because they ca n't tell who is under the veil . But myself and a lot of women who wear the burqa are always happy to identify ourselves when asked . In the past , I have taken off my veil when it is asked of me -- as long as it 's a woman who does it . My religion demands that I cover my face in front of any man who is not either my brother , father or husband . I have been wearing the veil in France for years and it has never been a problem , I use public transport like everyone else and I 've never had any problems . Although , it can be quite strange when I 'm on a bus for example and people say to me : ` You poor thing , we feel sorry for you . ' And I wonder exactly why they feel sorry for me . I 'm very happy wearing the veil and it makes me spiritually fulfilled as I 'm practicing my religion , so I do n't really see it as anything to pity me for . I really believe that France is scared of Muslims , which is the motivation for this law , but people should n't generalize as not all Muslims are the same . Yes , some have done terrible things , but it is done in the name of man , never in the name of God . I , as a French Muslim woman , have nothing but love in my heart towards all people . And whatever the outcome , if France succeeds in banning the veil on its streets , I will never take mine off . My freedom means a lot to me and if this law is passed , I would rather move to another country where I can worship in peace . I obey the laws of God not the laws of man . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Oumkheyr .	French Muslim Oumkheyr speaks to CNN about why she chooses to wear the burqa Has worn the veil for 10 years and never been forced to wear it , she says A French parliament report has called for a ban on the burqa in schools , hospitals Oumkheyr : "  I really believe that France is scared of Muslims "
CNN  -- Naval forces from several countries were searching Tuesday for a British couple and their missing yacht , which may have been hijacked by pirates off the coast of Africa , military sources told CNN . European Union anti-piracy forces may have spotted the missing vessel Tuesday , a spokesman told CNN . "  One of our helicopters spotted a yacht approximately 200 nautical miles from the Somali coast , towing two skiffs of the type normally used by pirates , " Lt. Cmdr. Daniel Auwermann told CNN . The yacht has not been identified , and the EU helicopter could not make contact with it , he said . Paul and Rachel Chandler set off from the Seychelles for Tanzania on October 21 , according to their blog . They have not been heard from since , but a distress beacon was activated October 23 , according to naval officials . International military forces are treating the case as a "  potential hijacking , " Lt. Ian Jones of Britain 's Royal Navy told CNN . "  We have no confirmation that anything has been pirated , " he added . There are many possibilities , he said , adding that he was aware of the reports of piracy but that hijacking was "  far from certain . " The weather in the area is quite good , he said . Before setting off , the Chandlers said that the journey could take as long as two weeks and that they would be out of contact for part of the voyage . "  We probably wo n't have satellite phone coverage until we 're fairly close to the African coast , so we may be out of touch for some time , " they wrote before setting off in the Lynn Rival , a 38-foot yacht . Britain 's Foreign Office issued a statement saying it is "  extremely concerned for their safety , " while pointing out that it had not confirmed reports they were taken captive . Pirates have been active off the east coast of Africa in the past several years , operating out of lawless Somalia . Two vessels were attacked the day after the Chandlers set sail . One of them -- a cargo ship -- was successfully boarded and seized off the Seychelles , while the other fought off its attackers near the Kenyan coast . Attacks in the region have significantly increased this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors shipping crimes . But successful attacks have decreased as a result of a strong presence of international monitors . The first nine months of this year have seen more pirate attacks than all of last year , the bureau reported October 21 . From January 1 until September 30 , pirates worldwide mounted 306 attacks , compared with 293 in all of 2008 , it said . More than half of this year 's attacks were carried out by suspected Somali pirates off the east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden , a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia . Out of those attacks , Somali pirates successfully hijacked 32 vessels and took 533 hostages . Eight people were wounded , four were killed and one is missing , the bureau said . CNN 's Adam S. Levine contributed to this report .	European Union forces may have spotted couple 's yacht off Somalia Yacht was towing two skiffs of type used by pirates British couple left Seychelles for Tanzania on October 21 Yacht 's distress beacon activated October 23
CNN  -- A worker was paid for 12 years without ever showing up for work at a Norfolk , Virginia , agency funded by federal , state and local money , officials say . Norfolk Mayor Paul Fraim told CNN on Friday that when a new director took over at Norfolk Community Services Board recently , she was "  doing her due diligence " when she discovered the hooky-playing employee was on the books . The director , Maureen Womack , then notified the city attorney 's office , Fraim said . Sandy Johnson , a spokeswoman for the Community Services Board , told CNN Friday that her agency could n't comment because of the ongoing investigation . On behalf of the city attorney 's office , Norfolk city spokeswoman Terry Bishirjian referred to a statement released on Wednesday that said , "  The city attorney 's office , with the approval of Womack , took appropriate steps to prevent any further payments to the employee and the employee was terminated . " It added , "  The city attorney has undertaken a detailed investigation of the circumstances and history of this matter to determine what further personnel actions should be taken , and the board of the NCSB passed unanimous motions supporting the executive director in any further employment actions she might take on the advice of counsel . After all necessary employment actions are taken , the city attorney will turn the matter over to Norfolk 's Department of Police for further investigation . " CNN affiliate WAVY said that the employee , a woman whose name was not released , "  earned " somewhere between $ 300,000 and $ 480,000 , not including full benefits , from the board over the past dozen years . The Norfolk board is partially funded by the Virginia state Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Services . According to the department 's website , it is one of 40 locally run community services boards that "  serve children and adults who have -- or who are at risk of -- mental illness , serious emotional disturbance , intellectual disabilities , or substance use disorders . " The mayor said state law requires cities , towns and counties throughout Virginia to host the boards , but each city has little involvement beyond providing some of the funding for the offices . "  This is not a city employee . She does not work for the city , does not get a city check , " Fraim said . He added that while the Norfolk City Council appoints members to the Community Services Board , the board hires its own director and is autonomous and independent . The city of Norfolk provides just under $ 4 million of the local board 's budget a year , Fraim said . Meghan McGuire , a spokeswoman for the Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Services , said the state pays $ 9.7 million annually and the federal government usually contributes $ 2.4 million , but this year added $ 190,000 in stimulus funds . Fraim expressed concerns about a lack of oversight at the agency . The Norfolk Community Services Board is a "  quasi-federal , state and local agency that operates independently , " he said . "  No one really judges their performance , if you will . It 's not a good model . " McGuire said there is some state oversight . Each board is required to commission an independent annual audit , then send a copy of that audit to the state . A state auditor then looks for red flags and prioritizes the reports by risk level , she said . "  Recent audits of Norfolk showed low risk and no need for our department to conduct our own audit , " McGuire said . "  We do n't have an employee-employer relationship with them , but if we do find out about a situation or something that needs to be investigated ... we can investigate through our internal audit process . " Norfolk City Councilman Barclay C. Winn commented on the situation Friday , saying , "  We could have and should have done more in this case , but I think when you get an audited financial statement at the end of the year and a clean opinion , it gives you some level of comfort . " He added that government at all levels , including his , needs to be held accountable . "  I 'm sure the mayor and city manager will get to the bottom of it , -LSB- but -RSB- the buck stops with the city council , " Winn said . "  If it has the word ` Norfolk ' in it , it stops with us . ... That 's OK . That 's part of the job . " McGuire said that while the state does not have authority over personnel issues , it does have authority over policy and procedure , and when the state makes recommendations for change in those areas , "  If they do n't make changes , we can take some action . In the worst case , we can withhold some state funds . " But that withholding of cash seems unlikely in this case . McGuire said that "  it appears CSB is working diligently to resolve this issue . " George Pratt was the Norfolk board 's executive director for 12 years , with a short gap between his and Womack 's tenure . Even though his time in charge overlapped with the alleged shirker for about a decade , Pratt told CNN on Friday , "  I know nothing about it . I read it in the paper . " Pratt added that no one had called him to ask about the situation and that "  whatever the investigation is , they have not informed me of any details . " When McGuire was asked how a person who got paid for not working could have escaped detection for so long , she said she was unsure . "  We do n't know at this point how something like this can happen . We 're very concerned , " she said . " -LSB- We 're -RSB- working on procedure to prevent this from happening again . " Norfolk 's newest city councilman , Tommy Smigiel , told CNN Friday that "  people want accountability . " Smigiel said that when he recently met with a city auditor , he was told about a shelved proposal that predated him , calling for a hotline that Norfolk city workers -- and workers at Norfolk-affiliated agencies such as Community Services Board -- could call confidentially to report fraud or any other ethical issues . He said the city council has now "  technically endorsed " the idea and is working on an ordinance to implement the plan , with the hope that such a fix "  probably would have caught something like this . "	A woman who worked at a government-funded agency did n't show up for 12 years She was paid at least $ 300,000 over that time span , Norfolk TV station WAVY says The Community Services Board is a mental health agency with 40 Virginia locations Recent audits of the Norfolk office had shown no problems , says a linked state agency
CNN  -- Even though the Internet has become a key tool for accessing services , getting an education , finding jobs , getting the news , keeping up with people you know and much more , one in five U.S. adults still does not use the Internet at all , according to a new Pew report . Why ? Mostly they 're just not interested -- not in the Web , e-mail , YouTube , Facebook or anything else that happens online . "  Among current non-internet users , almost half  48 %  say the main reason they do n't go online now is because they do n't think the internet is relevant to them -- often saying they do n't want to use the internet and do n't need to use it to get the information they want or conduct the communication they want , " said the report . The respondents ' next-most common reasons were that they do n't have a computer or that it 's too expensive , too difficult , or a waste of time . Most Americans who do n't currently go online have never gone online before -- and no one else in their household uses the Internet . Just over 20 % of non-users say they know enough about technology to start going online if they wanted to , and only 10 % said they 're interested in using the internet or e-mail in the future . Who are these neo-Luddites ? Mostly they 're older -- 59 % of U.S. seniors do n't go online . Also , nearly 60 % of U.S. adults who never completed high school do n't use the Internet . And they 're mostly poor -- nearly 40 % of people with an annual household income under $ 30,000 do n't go online .  Pew notes that people with an annual household income under $ 20,000 are especially unlikely to use the Internet . People with disabilities also are more likely to not use the Internet . One - quarter of U.S. adults live with a disability that interferes with activities of daily life -- and only 54 % of these people are Internet users , Pew found . But in terms of ethnicity , the U.S. digital divide has narrowed . According to Pew : "  The internet access gap closest to disappearing is that between whites and minorities . Differences in access persist , especially in terms of adults who have high-speed broadband at home , but they have become significantly less prominent over the years -- and have disappeared entirely when other demographic factors  including language proficiency  are controlled for . " Having broadband access at home is one of the best ways to get the most benefits  or at least the most use  from the web -- and Pew found that right now 40 % of U.S. adults do n't have broadband at home . In fact , after U.S. home broadband penetration peaked in May 2010 to cover 66 % of U.S. adults , in the past year there 's been a slight decline . As of August 2011 , only 62 % of U.S. adults had broadband at home -- a 4 % drop . The people who lack home broadband access are -- not surprisingly -- from the same demographics as people who do n't go online at all : mostly older , with lower educational attainment and income , or living with a disability . The racial aspect of the home broadband gap has narrowed , but not vanished . According to Pew : "  By 2010 , while national home broadband adoption had slowed , growth in broadband adoption among African Americans jumped well above the national average , with 22 % broadband adoption growth since the previous year . Even with these gains , however , minorities are still less likely than whites to have home broadband overall . And foreign-born and Spanish-dominant Latinos trail not only whites but also native and English-speaking Latinos . " Mobile devices are making a dent in the U.S. digital divide . "  Groups that have traditionally been on the other side of the digital divide in basic internet access are now using wireless connections to go online , " said the report . "  Among smartphone owners , young adults , minorities , those with no college experience , and those with lower household income levels are more likely than other groups to say that their phone is their main source of Internet access . " Many of these "  cell mostly " users have other ways to get online , such as a desktop or laptop computer . However , a third of these people do n't have home broadband -- and their smartphone is the main way they access the internet . Mobile devices also tend to make people more avid Internet users . "  Once someone has a wireless device , she becomes much more active in how she uses the internet -- not just with wireless connectivity , but also with wired devices , " said Pew . "  The same holds true for the impact of wireless connections and people 's interest in using the internet to connect with others . These mobile users go online not just to find information but to share what they find and even create new content much more than they did before . "	Almost 48 % say they do n't go online because they do n't think the Internet is relevant to them Nearly 60 % of U.S. adults who never completed high school do n't use the internet Having broadband Internet access is the best way to get the most use out of the web A common reason why people shy away is they think it 's a waste of time
CNN  -- A former mining tycoon accused of running a "  mafia-style " gang to amass billions of dollars in personal wealth has gone on trial in China , facing charges including murder , state media reports . Liu Han was former board chairman of the Sichuan Hanlong Group , the largest private enterprise in the southwest Chinese province of Sichuan , with interests including mining , real estate , electricity , energy and finance . He also holds major stake in a number of Australian companies . Official Chinese news sources estimate his wealth , which was seized with his arrest , as in the "  tens of billions of yuan , " or billions of U.S. dollars . The 48-year old , who was detained last year along with younger brother Liu Wei on suspicion of criminal activities , has been charged with a raft of crimes , including murder , financial crimes , operating casinos and gun-running , according to state news agency Xinhua . The trial against the brothers and 34 of their associates began in Xianning Intermediate People 's Court in Hubei Province Monday , when a photograph of Liu Han in the court 's dock , flanked by policemen , was published on social media networks by state news agencies . Details of the charges against the alleged gang -- including nine murder charges -- were carried in a Xinhua report in February . Gang of thugs According to the report , the Liu brothers started out running gambling centers in their base in Guanghan , China 's southern Sichuan Province , in the early 1990s , gathering around them "  a gang of local thugs and vagrants . " The report said the brothers ' empire grew , before finally attracting the attention of central authorities with an alleged public shooting at a Guanghan teahouse one afternoon in January , 2009 , supposedly directed at an underworld rival . According to the report , the two suspects detained over the attack , which killed three and injured two , allegedly identified Liu Wei as having ordered the attack . Liu Han also developed a reputation as a philanthropist , building a rural school campus following a 2008 earthquake that devastated Sichuan Province . His brother also had a reputation for charity , and had been a torch-bearer in the build-up to the Beijing Olympics , also in 2008 , according to Xinhua . Anti-corruption purge Large numbers of senior Communist Party officials are reportedly attending the trial , which is being closely watched for any signs of links to a potential investigation into former senior official Zhou Yongkang . The 71-year old was a member of the Politburo Standing Committee , China 's top decision-making body , before he retired in 2012 , and previously served as the czar of China 's domestic security apparatus , and as the party chief in Sichuan from 1999 to 2002 . Speculation has swirled in recent times that Zhou is set to become the next high-profile target of President Xi Jinping 's heralded anti-corruption purge . Chinese state media has hinted that Liu Han 's alleged gang operated with political connections to central government officials .	Chinese mining mogul accused of running mafia-style gang to amass billions in wealth Liu Han ran the largest private enterprise in China 's Sichuan Province State media reports he came to attention of central authorities after alleged shooting in 2009 Nine murders are linked to his alleged syndicate , which includes his brother , Liu Wei
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and a key congressional voice on national security , announced Friday that he will not run for reelection this year . The Michigan Republican made the announcement on Detroit 's WJR radio station , saying he will host a syndicated radio program that will talk about national security issues and other news of the day . "  I had a career before politics and always planned to have one after , " Rogers said in a statement . "  The genius of our institutions is they are not dependent on the individual temporary occupants privileged to serve . That is why I have decided not to seek re - election to Congress in 2014 . " Rogers , who has held a seat in Congress for more than a decade and is close to House Speaker John Boehner , has been a staunch supporter of National Security Agency surveillance programs , which came under fire after leaks by Edward Snowden publicly disclosed their sweeping nature . This week , he and Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland -- the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee -- came up with a plan for ending the NSA 's sweeping collection of bulk telephone records . Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA Rogers has said in the past that the phone and electronic surveillance programs were not abused and has stridently criticized Snowden , a former NSA contractor . He also has acknowledged public worries about government storage of surveillance data . "  That 's really what we 're trying to do here is alleviate that concern that there could be abuse in the future of these programs , " Rogers said recently . Authorization for those programs expires on Friday , but President Barack Obama is expected to seek their temporarily renewal while Congress works on reform legislation , a senior administration official said . Rogers is also a favorite of Sunday public affairs programming on which he frequently criticizes Obama . He joins a cadre of House members not seeking reelection in November , but his seat in the 8th Congressional District is still considered relatively safe for Republicans . But the Rothenberg Political Report and the Cook Political Report shifted their analysis of the district from "  likely Republican " to "  lean Republican " for the November election following Rogers ' announcement . Democrats sought to tie together Rogers and Boehner . "  Senior Republican committee chairmen continue to flee John Boehner 's broken Congress rather than defend their indefensible record of siding with special interests over middle class families that has earned them record low approval ratings , " Rep. Steve Israel of New York who chairs the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . Rogers became a key figure in developing U.S. national security policy , informed by his experience as an Army officer and FBI special agent . U.S. , other powers kick Russia out of G8 "  Mike has spent his entire life ensuring our country has been kept safe from threats both foreign and domestic , " National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Greg Walden said in a statement . "  He never once let partisan politics stand in the way of doing what 's right for our nation and its safety . I ca n't think of anyone who enjoys more respect from both Republicans and Democrats alike . " Before Rogers became chairman , he issued an Intelligence Committee report "  on Iran 's nuclear ambitions , authored a bill to protect against chemical and biological threats , and co-authored legislation reauthorizing the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , " his Intelligence Committee biography said . "  Mike Rogers is as solid as they come -- one of those patriots willing to go to the wall to keep the American people safe , no matter the strain or sacrifice , " Boehner said in a statement . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Tom Cohen , Lisa Desjardins and John Helton contributed to this report .	Rogers is considered an important congressional voice on national security He is chairman of the House Intelligence Committee Rogers just recently backed a plan ending the NSA collection of bulk phone records
CNN  -- Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II are to be made into saints this weekend in an unprecedented double papal canonization . While millions across the world remember John Paul II affectionately , John XXIII -- known as "  The Good Pope " -- may not be as familiar . Here are five things you need to know about the much-loved pontiff . 1 . He was born in poverty -- and proud of it Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli , the man who would become Pope John XXIII , was the third of 13 surviving children born to a family of farmers in the tiny village of Sotto il Monte , near Bergamo , northern Italy in November 1881 . Roncalli left home to study for the priesthood at the age of 11 , but even after he became Pope in 1958 at the age of 76 he eschewed the trappings of his position , and refused to take advantage of it either for himself or his family . In his last will and testament , Pope John XXIII wrote : "  Born poor , but of humble and respected folk , I am particularly happy to die poor . "  I thank God for this grace of poverty to which I vowed fidelity in my youth ... which has strengthened me in my resolve never to ask for anything -- positions , money or favors -- never either for myself of for my relations and friends . " When John XXIII died in June 1963 he was mourned around the world as "  Il Papa Buono "  "  The Good Pope "  . He left his personal "  fortune " to the surviving members of his family -- they each received less than $ 20 . 2 . He saved the lives of Jews fleeing the Nazis Roncalli broke off from his religious training during the First World War to serve as a medical orderly and later as a military chaplain . During the Second World War Roncalli , by then an archbishop , was serving as head of the Vatican 's diplomatic mission to Turkey , and as a Vatican diplomat in Greece . While there , he helped saved the lives of many Jews fleeing the Holocaust , providing them with transit visas and other vital paperwork which allowed them to leave Europe . In recognition of his efforts , the International Raoul Wallenberg Foundation has petitioned Yad Vashem , the official memorial to the Jewish victims of the Holocaust , to name John XXIII as one of the "  Righteous Among Nations , " non-Jews formally recognized for risking their lives to save Jews . Once he became Pope , John XXIII worked to improve relations between Roman Catholics and other faiths ; one of his reforms was to have the phrase "  perfidious Jews " removed from the traditional Good Friday prayer . 3 . Strictly speaking , he was n't the first Pope John XXIII That honor belongs to Cardinal Baldassare Cossa , one of a series of claimants to the papal throne during the late 14th and early 15th centuries , when the Roman Catholic church was bitterly divided by the Western Schism . The split , which lasted from 1378 till 1418 , saw rival Popes elected by separate factions of the church . Cossa was named Pope John XXIII in 1410 , but he was forced to abdicate -- alongside Popes Gregory XII and Benedict XIII -- five years later to heal the divide . Today , Pope Gregory XII is considered the only true pontiff from that period : Benedict XIII , John XXIII and his predecessor Alexander V are all regarded as "  Antipopes , " which is why Roncalli became John XXIII , and not John XXIV when he was elected pope . 4 . Pope John XXIII played a key role in the Cuban Missile Crisis In October 1962 , with the U.S. and Russia teetering on the brink of nuclear war , Pope John XXIII helped to bring both countries back from the edge , urging President John F. Kennedy and Russian leader Nikita Khrushchev to exercise restraint . During a message broadcast on Vatican Radio at the height of the crisis , the pontiff pleaded : "  We beg heads of state not to remain deaf to the cry of humanity : ` Peace , peace ! ' " "  I 've heard that it -LSB- the message -RSB- got to Khrushchev , " Cardinal Theodore McCarrick , former Archbishop of Washington , told CNN . "  The Pope is looking for peace , and why do n't you be the man of peace ? And he said ` OK , I 'll be the man of peace . ' " Days after the Pope 's address , Khrushchev began withdrawing Russian missiles from Cuba , defusing the crisis . Months later , John XXIII published the encyclical "  Pacem in Terris "  "  Peace on Earth "  , addressed "  to all men of good will " and calling on the world 's populations to coexist in harmony . WATCH : When JFK called on the Pope for help 5 . Unlike other saints , Pope John XXIII only performed one miracle Under the normal beatification and canonization process , a person who has lived a holy and virtuous life is first declared "  venerable , " then "  blessed " and finally named as a saint . Candidates for sainthood must be shown to have performed two miracles . Pope John Paul II , who is to be canonized at the same time as John XXIII , is said to have cured a French nun of Parkinson 's disease , and a Costa Rican woman of a cerebral aneurism . However , John XXIII has only been credited with one miracle . Instead , the decision to canonize him is based on his huge popularity , and on his role as the "  founder " of the Second Vatican Council  Vatican II  , according to experts . "  There already was one miracle certified for his beatification in 2000 , " Vatican analyst John Allen explained to CNN in September 2013 . "  Pope Francis has decided he does n't have to pass go , does n't have to collect $ 200 , he can go directly to sainthood . " Indeed , some would say that his canonization is already long overdue . In its entry on "  the roly-poly pontiff ... -LSB- who -RSB- became a kind of father figure for the world , " the Encyclopaedia Britannica notes that "  had the ancient custom of popular canonization still been in effect in 1963 ... that favour would probably have been given to him immediately by the tearful crowd who were gathered in St Peter 's Square when his death was announced . "	Pope John XXIII is to be canonized , or made into a saint , in the Vatican on Sunday Known as "  The Good Pope , " he reigned from 1958 until his death in 1963 He was born in poverty and said he was happy to die poor ; he left relatives $ 20 in his will Elected as an "  interim " pope , he instead proved the most daring pontiff in decades
Boston  CNN  -- Portraying a star government witness as a mass murderer , a serial killer and a liar without remorse , defense lawyers for James "  Whitey " Bulger tried Wednesday to undermine the testimony of that witness , former mob hitman John Martorano . "  You lied to your friend John Callahan did n't you ? " asked defense lawyer Hank Brennan , referring to a man Martorano shot dead . "  That was a necessity , " said the confessed killer . "  I told John I wanted to see him . I could n't tell him I wanted to shoot him . " Martorano wrapped three days of detailing murders he allegedly committed with Boston 's most feared former mob boss , Bulger , by confirming to prosecutors that together he and Bulger were involved in 11 murders . Bulger had admitted to others he 'd committed on his own , Martorano said . Bulger is charged with 19 murders as well as racketeering and extortion . He was arrested in 2011 after living in hiding for 16 years and landing on the FBI 's most wanted list . Martorano : ` Broke my heart ' to learn Bulger was informant At times , Martorano seemed to parse his testimony during cross-examination . Asked about one murder , he said of the victim , "  I stabbed him . I did n't kill him . " After a pause , he added , "  Not until later . " Martorano also testified that even though Bulger was older by a decade , "  He was n't my boss . " Still , the former hitman acknowledged there were times he would do whatever was needed , no questions asked , because Bulger "  knew the right buttons to press . " Earlier Martorano alluded to Bulger as "  Judas , " which he described as "  a person like an informant , a rat , a no-good guy . I was brought up that that was the worst thing in the world . " Although Bulger 's lawyers tried to highlight inconsistencies in Martorano 's testimony , he did n't waiver , declaring he had n't lied to prosecutors since cutting a deal that guaranteed his testimony in exchange for a 14-year sentence . 2011 : The clues that led to Bulger 's capture He said he knew if he lied , "  They 'd break the deal , " and send him back to prison . Martorano was released from prison in 2007 after serving 12 years . Defense attorney Brennan compared Martorano to another hitman , Joseph Barboza , who may have killed as many as 26 people beginning in the 1960s . Brennan told jurors Barboza was also a government informant and that he lied under oath . "  The government protected him , " said Brennan , referring to Barboza Not missing a beat , Martorano quipped back , "  Not too good , " referring to Barboza 's ultimate death once he was outed as a "  rat . " Martorano admitted in court Wednesday that he gave false statements during the time his deal with prosecutors was being drawn up , adding that only after deciding to cooperate with the government did he begin telling the "  whole truth " about the criminal enterprise and his associates . "  After I made an agreement with the government I never lied , " Martorano said .	Former mob hitman John Martorano wraps up three days of testimony against Bulger He describes the former Boston mob leader as "  Judas " because of FBI connections Bulger is facing 19 counts of murder Martorano says he and Bulger committed 11 murders , Bulger admitted to others on his own
CNN  -- At least 98 people have been killed by the earthquake in New Zealand and the death toll could rise , Prime Minister John Key said Thursday , as hundreds remain missing -- among them , nearly 30 Japanese students . As more bodies are recovered and as the identification process continues , authorities acknowledge that the number of fatalities will rise . Some 431 people have been admitted to hospital emergency rooms since the quake , according to Iona Wassilieff with New Zealand 's National Crisis Management Center . Authorities say another 1,000 people have been treated for minor injuries . Currently , 27 Japanese students are among those missing , according to Japan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs . Most of that group is from Toyama Foreign Language College ; two are students from another language school in Tokyo and five are on personal study trips from other parts of Japan . Japan 's Asahi Shimbun newspaper interviewed two victims from Toyama Foreign Language College who were pulled from the rubble in New Zealand . Kento Okuda and Norika Masutani are both 19-years-old and students at the language school , and now both are patients at Christchurch Hospital . Okuda said he was in the cafeteria having lunch on the fourth floor when he felt the first , big shake , according to the paper . The floor gave way and he felt himself falling , but said he had no no idea how far he fell . The entire building was dark , he said , and he realized he could n't move his right leg because it was trapped under heavy rubble . Masutani was also on the fourth floor when the quake hit , Asahi Shimbun said . She said she panicked when the floor gave way . Both Masutani and Okuda told the paper that , after the quake , all the students caught in rubble tried to talk to each other and do a count of who was able to talk and who could n't . Many of their fellow Japanese students did not respond . Masutani told the paper that aftershocks progressively brought more rubble down around her , shrinking the void she was in . She smelled smoke and gas , she said , adding , "  I was scared that a fire was coming . " But a rescue team located Masutani and pulled her out , according to Asahi Shimbun . She has bruises and sprains , but no major injuries . Okuda told the paper he heard the rescue team approaching him . He lost his leg but said but that he had no details on when it was cut off or when he was pulled from the rubble . "  The reason why I survived in the dark for hours is that we could talk to each other . Please help my classmates , " Masutani told the paper , referring to the missing students believed trapped under the rubble . Officials have given up hope of rescuing at least 100 people who were trapped in the Canterbury TV building in downtown Christchurch . Police said they were "  100 % certain " no one still trapped in the building was still alive . Officials fear that people who remain trapped inside the Pyne Gould corporation building are dead , according to CNN 's Anna Coren . House-to-house searches are the priority Thursday for rescue workers in Christchurch , authorities explained at a news conference early Thursday morning . Christchurch has been divided into a grid pattern , Collins and other officials said . Urban search-and-rescue teams with paramedic and building-assessment training have fanned out across key neighborhoods searching for earthquake victims . Meanwhile , New Zealand 's Red Cross says roughly 900 people took shelter in welfare centers overnight Wednesday . Also Wednesday , confusion over the status of an Australian woman who was trapped in rubble was resolved . Anne Vos , who spoke to the outside world by mobile phone while trapped beneath rubble , is recuperating in a hospital in New Zealand , according to Dana Robertson with the Australian High Commission in Canberra . Vos made calls to the media and her family in Australia Tuesday before she was rescued from the rubble of the Pyne Gould Corporation Building in the central business district , according to Australian and New Zealand media . "  A couple of hours ago , I thought I 'd had it , " she told New Zealand network TV3 Tuesday . "  I thought it was ` Goodbye Anne . ' " "  I 've managed to wiggle out a bit because I could n't breathe . Now I 've got a wee bit of air here . I rang my kids to say goodbye . "  My daughter was crying and I was crying because I thought ` This is it . ' You 've got to tell them you love them . ... I 'm not going to give up ... " she said . Earlier , news outlets reported she had been rescued , but others said later that rescuers had confused her with someone else . Another woman named "  Ann " was pulled from the same ruined building on the same day . Ann Bodkin took cover under her desk in the same building when the quake struck . She was trapped in her office building for 24 hours . "  The sun came out the moment she was removed from the building , " said Christchurch Mayor Bob Parker . "  It was like God turned on the lights . " Rescue workers applauded as Bodkin was pulled alive from the rubble . She was one of about 30 people rescued Wednesday from the Pyne Gould building and the Canterbury Television building , the two blocks most severely damaged in the quake . The quake toppled buildings onto buses , buckled streets and ripped the facades of iconic churches , including the Christchurch Cathedral and the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament . It also cut power for most of the city , leaving rescuers working overnight under floodlights . "  This is just heartbreaking , " Prime Minister John Key said . "  This may be New Zealand 's darkest day . " As the rescuers scrambled to reach survivors , the Web turned into a crisis center as Google offered a service for people searching for loved ones . Google 's crisis response service provided a place to find information , including telephone numbers and incident reports . The initial quake , which struck early Tuesday afternoon , was followed by a series of aftershocks , the New Zealand Ministry of Defense said . A U.S. emergency official was in Christchurch as part of a delegation working with the New Zealand government on disaster response . "  I was at the airport when the earthquake struck , " said Tim Manning , deputy administrator for the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency . Manning said he was working with the U.S. Embassy to find citizens who need assistance and providing help to New Zealand officials . Southern New Zealand has been hit by a series of quakes since September 4 when a 7.1-magnitude temblor struck the area . The earthquake hit in the predawn hours , with the deserted streets helping to keep injuries to a minimum . There were no deaths from that quake . The September quake struck deeper below ground and farther away from Christchurch than Tuesday 's temblor , causing less damage despite the higher magnitude , officials said . The U.S. Geological Survey said Tuesday 's earthquake was part of the "  aftershock sequence " from the September earthquake . "  It 's a nightmare . A lot of people were just getting back on their feet after the original quake , " said Kevin Fenaughty , data center manager for GNS Science , an earth-science research institute . CNN 's Anna Coren , Kyung Lah and Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report	NEW : Death toll rises to 98 Japan 's Asahi Shinbun interviewed two students pulled alive from the rubble 27 Japanese students are still missing amid Christchurch devastation Authorities are conducting house-to-house searches for victims
CNN  -- The international effort to respond to a suspected chemical weapons attack in Syria begs the question : Why intervene now , and not earlier in the civil war ? More than 100,000 people have died in the conflict , which has raged for more than two years . There have been massacres . Populated areas have been bombed . Blasts have targeted people lining up for food at bakeries . People have been decapitated . Millions of Syrians are displaced . But a single , horrifying attack has crossed what U.S. President Barack Obama called a "  red line . " Rebel officials say more than 1,300 people , including many women and children , died recently as a result of chemical weapons . The United States believes Syria was behind it ; rebels blame the Syrian government as well . The Syrian regime denies it , and some Syrians have told CNN they doubt their government used chemical weapons . Given the massive human toll of attacks with conventional weapons , what makes this a potential turning point for the world to act ? What justifies intervening if Syria uses chemical weapons ? Conventional attacks called no ` less evil ' "  Blowing your people up with high explosives is allowable , as is shooting them , or torturing them , " complains Dominic Tierney , political science professor at Swarthmore College . "  But woe betide the Syrian regime if it even thinks about using chemical weapons ! " In a column in The Atlantic , Tierney -- author of a book on what he calls "  the American way of war " -- adds , "  A woman and her child under fire in Aleppo might miss this distinction . It 's not obvious that high explosives are inherently less evil than chemical weapons . " Writer Paul Waldman makes similar comments in The American Prospect : "  Getting killed by mustard gas is surely awful . But so is getting blown up by a bomb . Using one against your enemies gets you branded a war criminal , but using the other does n't . " And the Los Angeles Times ' Paul Whitefield writes , "  Bombs blowing up buildings , which fall on innocent civilians -- men , women , children -- that 's bad , but not cause for us to act ? But a chemical weapons attack : That we ca n't allow ? Spare me . " Missile strikes on Syria likely response to chemical attack Obama tells CNN : U.S. interests at stake The White House argues there 's good reason to view chemical weapons attacks differently . "  The use of chemical weapons is contrary to the standards adopted by the vast majority of nations and international efforts since World War I to eliminate the use of such weapons , " spokesman Jay Carney said this week . " ... . The use of these weapons on a mass scale and a threat of proliferation is a threat to our national interests and a concern to the entire world . " He added , "  Without question , there is ongoing barbarity in Syria , perpetrated by the Assad regime , and we have provided substantial assistance to the Syrian opposition and will continue to provide substantial assistance to the Syrian opposition in their struggle with Assad . " Obama , in an interview with CNN last week , said , "  When you start seeing chemical weapons used on a large scale ... that starts getting to some core national interests that the United States has , both in terms of us making sure that weapons of mass destruction are not proliferating , as well as needing to protect our allies , our bases in the region . " Gingrich : Stay out of Syria 's civil war More than 1 million killed since World War I The Geneva Protocol , signed in 1925 , banned chemical weapons attacks . It was a response to one of the horrors of World War I , in which chemical agents -- including chlorine , phosgene  a choking agent  and mustard gas  which inflicts painful burns on the skin  caused nearly 100,000 deaths , according to the United Nations . But since World War I , chemical weapons have killed more than a million people , the U.N. says . "  The Cold War period saw significant development , manufacture and stockpiling of chemical weapons , " the U.N. Office for Disarmament Affairs says . The most notorious case in recent history came in 1988 , during the Iran-Iraq War . Saddam Hussein used them against Kurds in Iraq 's Kurdish city of Halabja , and against Iranian troops . In 1992 , the Chemical Weapons Convention was adopted , calling for the prohibition on chemical weapons . ` Should we have any boundaries in war ? ' Some analysts say it makes sense for the United States and the world to respond differently to chemical attacks . "  They 're so indiscriminate , " says Don Borelli , a former FBI official now with The Soufan Group , a security consultancy . "  At least there 's some discrimination in conventional weapons . " "  Modern weaponry , while it 's grown more lethal , has also grown more precise , " says Michael Rubin , a former Pentagon official now with the American Enterprise Institute . But chemical agents disperse to affect large numbers of people and "  can produce horror for a lifetime . " Some conventional attacks do the same , he acknowledges . But there 's another reason that it makes sense to view a chemical attack as a reason for international intervention , Rubin says . "  We want to establish the parameters of warfare . If you do n't , combatants will keep pressing the boundaries . Ultimately , the question is , should we have any boundaries in war or not ? " It 's a slippery slope , he says . If a chemical weapons attack goes unchecked , what about some other form of weapon of mass destruction -- a biological or nuclear attack ? Some chemical attacks have gone unchecked . In the current conflict , chemical weapons are alleged to have been used on a smaller scale several times . And Foreign Policy reports this week that says the United States , back in 1988 , "  helped Saddam as he gassed Iran . " Rubin said he doubts that . But either way , he said , "  There 's a fundamental question : Should we learn from our mistakes ? If we did the wrong thing should we simply sit by the wayside and allow that to happen again ? " The United States and other countries , he said , want to "  restore a stigma " against chemical weapons that was in place in the world 's psyche "  after World War I and Halabja . " Intervening in Middle East turmoil : Mission impossible ? Analyst : Chemical weapons ' impact ` exaggerated ' Tony Cordesman , a former Defense Department official now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies , says the image people have of chemical weapons is often exaggerated . "  Chemical weapons attacks are not necessarily any more horrifying than the use of conventional weapons , " he said Tuesday . And "  the lethality has always been far worse on paper than in reality . " There are no definitive statistics on how many people were killed in Halabja , he says . The prevailing image many people have is still from World War I , "  which was the last really mass use of chemical weapons , " Cordesman adds . Tierney , in The Atlantic , suggests a "  strategic self-interest " for the United States to oppose chemical weapons . "  Powerful countries like the United States cultivate a taboo against using WMD partly because they have a vast advantage in conventional arms , " he writes . " ... Washington can defeat most enemy states in a few days -- unless the adversary uses WMD to level the playing field . " Rubin rejects that argument , saying the U.S. advantage in weapons of mass destruction precludes any possibility of a level playing field . And while the alleged previous , smaller-scale use of chemical weapons in the Syrian civil war were not enough to bring about calls for action , he said , "  This is such a blatant example , we ca n't pretend not to see it . "	More than 100,000 people have died in Syria , the vast majority through conventional attacks Some ask why a chemical weapons attack would be seen as more "  evil " President Obama told CNN that U.S. interests are at stake Two major international agreements have failed to stop chemical weapons
CNN  -- Johnny Pesky , beloved member of the Red Sox Hall of fame who spent 61 years with the renowned baseball club , died Monday at the age of 92 , the Boston franchise said . Pesky 's No. 6 is one of only eight uniform numbers retired by the club . Red Sox president and CEO Larry Lucchino described him as the "  grandfather of the Red Sox . " Pesky signed with the Red Sox in 1940 . The shortstop played his first year in the major leagues in 1942 smashing 29 doubles and was second in the American League with a .331 batting average . The next year , Pesky left to go fight in World War II . He was away at war until 1946 . He did not miss a beat , coming back in 1946 to hit 43 doubles and batting .335 . Pesky was not much of a slugger only hitting 17 home runs in his entire career . But still , the right field foul pole at Boston 's Fenway Park is referred to as the Pesky Pole because of his habit of crushing the ball down the line and hooking it around the foul pole . In 1952 , Pesky was traded to the Detroit Tigers , but he quickly found his way back to his Red Sox . After ending his playing career two years later , Pesky went back and served as a coach , manager , announcer and ambassador during his 61 years with the Red Sox . He was inducted into the Red Sox Hall of Fame in its inaugural 1995 class . "  The national pastime has lost one of its greatest ambassadors today . Johnny Pesky , who led a great American life , was an embodiment of loyalty and goodwill for the Boston Red Sox and all of Major League Baseball , " said Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig . John Henry , Red Sox owner , expressed his sadness upon hearing the news : "  We have lost a dear and beloved friend . " Pesky was "  surrounded by family and friends " when he passed away at the Kaplan Family Hospice House in Danvers , Massachusetts , the Red Sox said . A public tribute in Pesky 's honor will be announced at a later date . Obituaries 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	Beloved Red Sox Hall of Famer Johnny Pesky has died at the age 92 Pesky spent 61 years with the Boston Red Sox A public tribute to the legend will be announced at a later date
Atlanta  CNN  -- The number of deaths linked to a listeria outbreak in cantaloupe has risen to 29 , the Centers for Disease Control reported Wednesday , topping a 1985 mark for the most deaths among adults and children . The outbreak , first detected in September and traced back to a Colorado farm , has sickened a total of 139 people in 28 states , the CDC says . In addition to the 29 deaths , one woman who was pregnant at the time she fell ill suffered a miscarriage . The toll makes the current outbreak the deadliest among adults and children since the agency started keeping track of listeria cases in 1973 , though a 1985 outbreak in California involved 28 deaths and another 20 stillbirths and miscarriages , CDC spokeswoman Lola Russell said , according to CDC figures . What you need to know about Listeria The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has said it is unable to pinpoint the reason for the outbreak , but unsanitary conditions in a packing facility in the Granada , Colorado , farm is a suspected contributing cause . The agency notified Jensen Farms in October that likely causes included packing equipment that "  was not easily cleaned and sanitized " and the use of washing and drying equipment for cantaloupe packing as well as other raw agricultural commodities . How to keep your food safe In addition , the agency said in a statement , the facility lacked a "  pre-cooling step " to remove field heat from the cantaloupes before cold storage , possibly leading to condensation in the cooling process that promoted growth of the listeria bacteria . Decade 's 10 biggest food-borne illness outbreaks	A listeria outbreak that started in Colorado has now killed 29 , CDC says CDC : It 's the deadliest listeria outbreak among adults and children since the 1970s An outbreak in 1985 killed 28 people , and caused stillbirths and miscarriages
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- A Facebook page has been shut down following claims Northern Ireland police officers were being set up for assassination on the social networking site . "  Crown Forces Watch " had called for people to post pictures of police officers and details of security operations across Northern Ireland . The body representing officers , the Police Federation of Northern Ireland , had said publishing pictures was an attempt to "  target police officers for murder . " The Facebook page closed Thursday with the administrator saying "  this group was to report harassment only , not to endanger life as has been reported . " The page appeared after a series of recent police raids and arrests in connection with the murder in April of Catholic police officer Ronan Kerr . All the suspects were released without charge . The Facebook page claimed the men had been the victims of police harassment and intimidation and called for a response from the pro-Irish community . A description on the site read : "  Over the past few days in East Tyrone and South Derry the Crown Forces the PSNI/RUC  Police Service of Northern Ireland/Royal Ulster Constabulary  have launched a massive harassment and intimidation campaign aimed at Irish republicans . We must work together to combat this campaign of intimidation and harassment by working together as a fraternity opposed to this British oppression . The aim of this group is to keep people updated on the attacks , intimidation and ongoing harassment by the Crown Forces . " The Police Service of Northern Ireland said Thursday it had launched an investigating into the Facebook page . Chairman of the Police Federation , Terry Spence , called for those involved to be prosecuted . "  It is very clearly a very serious criminal offence to gather information which is likely to be of use to terrorists , " he added .	"  Crown Forces Watch " had called for people to post pictures of police officers Police Federation of Northern Ireland said publishing pictures was an attempt to "  target police officers for murder " The page appeared after a series of recent police raids and arrests Police Federation calls for those involved to be prosecuted
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Over-the-counter painkillers and fever reducers will now carry new labels warning consumers of the potential risks of liver damage and internal bleeding associated with the drugs , according to a final ruling Tuesday by the Food and Drug Administration . The new warning labels will affect over-the-counter pain relievers including Tylenol , aspirin and ibuprofen . The new rule covers acetaminophen , the popular pain medicine also known as Tylenol , and a class of drugs known as nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs or NSAIDs . The most commonly used NSAIDs include aspirin , ibuprofen  the main ingredient in Motrin and Advil  , naproxen and ketoprofen . The modified labeling also applies to all products that contain these ingredients , such as cough and cold medicines . Under the new rule , package labels and bottles must prominently state in highlighted text the drug 's ingredients . For acetaminophen , the label must include bold lettering warning patients about severe liver damage . The new labeling also instructs patients using the blood thinner warfarin to consult their doctor before using acetaminophen . Bold lettering on NSAIDs labels must warn of severe stomach bleeding . "  Acetaminophen and NSAIDs are commonly used drugs for both children and adults because they are effective in reducing fevers and relieving minor aches and pain , such as headaches and muscle aches , " said Dr. Charles Ganley , director of nonprescription drugs in the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . "  However , the risks associated with their use need to be clearly identified on the label so that consumers taking these drugs are fully aware of the potential harm they can cause . It is important that they know how to take these medications safely to reduce their risk . " The new labeling for acetaminophen also warns against taking multiple drugs that contain acetaminophen at the same time and exceeding the recommended dosage of the drug . And , it warns that drinking alcohol -- three or more drinks a day -- while using the painkiller can increase the risk of liver damage . For NSAIDs , the new labels will also caution users that alcohol use and taking the drugs for longer than directed can increase the risk of stomach bleeding . The agency says the use of blood thinning drugs or steroids while taking NSAIDs can also increase the risk of internal bleeding . The American Pain Foundation is pleased with the new rule . "  This ruling will not only help protect consumers using OTC pain medication on a periodic basis , " APF said , "  But will be especially meaningful for people suffering from chronic pain who may face co-morbid conditions and are taking OTC pain medication along with their prescribed pain medication . " According to the FDA , some manufacturers have already voluntarily started listing some of these risks on their product labels . The new rule gives manufacturers one year from today 's date to re-label their products .	FDA requires OTC painkillers to carry new warnings on liver damage , bleeding risks New rule covers acetaminophen  Tylenol  and NSAIDs  aspirin and ibuprofen Ibuprofen is the main ingredient in Motrin and Advil , naproxen and ketoprofen Manufacturers have one year from today 's date to re-label their products
The special court set up in Cambodia to try people accused of atrocities under the Khmer Rouge has ordered the release of the regime 's "  first lady , " saying she 's unfit to stand trial . Ieng Thirith , who served as minister for social affairs in the Khmer Rouge regime during the 1970s , had been accused of crimes against humanity , grave breaches of the Geneva Conventions , genocide , homicide , torture and religious persecution . However , proceedings against her were halted in November last year after the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia decided she could not face trial as she suffered from dementia . After seeking further medical assessment , the court issued a statement Thursday confirming the earlier diagnosis that Ieng Thirith suffers from a "  progressive , degenerative illness  likely Alzheimer 's disease  and remains unfit to stand trial . " Judge resigns from court trying Khmer Rouge crimes It added that medical experts confirmed that "  all treatment options have now been exhausted and that the accused 's cognitive impairment is likely irreversible . " As a result , the court recognized she would be incapable of remembering or complying with any conditions -- but reminded her not to interfere in their investigations in any way and to remain in Cambodia . Khmer Rouge torture prison chief gets life sentence Ieng Thirith , 80 , was one of four surviving leaders of the brutal regime facing prosecution -- the others being her husband Ieng Sary , the former Khmer Rouge foreign minister ; Khieu Samphon , the nominal head of state ; and Nuon Chea , the prime minister , also known as Brother Number 2 . They remain on trial . The head of the Khmer Rouge , Pol Pot , was known as Brother Number 1 . He died in 1998 , long before the U.N.-backed court came into existence . He had previously been married to Ieng Thirith 's sister , Khieu Ponnary . Under Pol Pot 's leadership , the Khmer Rouge regime was responsible for the deaths of millions of ordinary Cambodians during a four-year reign of terror that was eventually halted in 1979 by invading Vietnamese forces . In 1975 , the Khmer Rouge ordered people out of Phnom Penh , the capital , and other cities in Cambodia to work in the countryside . It is said to be responsible for about 1.7 million deaths , roughly a quarter of the population at the time . Its stated aim was to create a Communist utopia , but instead the regime forced Cambodians into what has been described as a living hell .	U.N. court in Cambodia upheld earlier diagnosis that Ieng Thirith has dementia Court : Experts say accused 's cognitive impairment is ` likely irreversible ' Three others , include Ieng Thirith 's husband , face charges of crimes against humanity Khmer Rouge regime 's four-year rule in the 1970s is blamed for 1.7 million deaths
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A bomb attached to a car carrying an Iraqi army general exploded Saturday afternoon , killing the driver and wounding the general and a bystander , an Interior Ministry official said . U.S. soldiers patrol the streets of Baghdad 's central district on Saturday . The official said Gen. Abdul Karim Jabbar was seriously wounded when the bomb went off between al-Firdous Square and al-Andalus Square . The U.S. military refers to bombs attached to civilian vehicles without the driver 's knowledge as "  sticky bombs . " Separately , a civilian was killed and five were wounded in afternoon clashes between gunmen and Iraqi National Police in the al-Shaab neighborhood of northeastern Baghdad , the ministry official said . In the same neighborhood , a roadside bomb exploded at an Iraqi army checkpoint Baghdad , killing a child , the Interior Ministry official said . The blast also wounded four Iraqi soldiers . Also Saturday , two Iraqi soldiers were killed and another was wounded when a roadside bomb struck an Iraqi army patrol on Palestine Street in eastern Baghdad .	Bomb attached to vehicle explodes in Baghdad , killing one and injuring two Civilian killed in clash between gunmen and Iraqi National Police in Baghdad Child killed by roadside bomb at Iraqi army checkpoint
Washington  CNN  -- Presidential candidates often lack experience in one critical area : foreign policy . But should she run for president in 2016 , Hillary Clinton would have more experience on that front than any other potential presidential competitor . With experience , however , comes risk . Growing global crises , some of which have festered since Clinton 's time as secretary of state , could turn what is seen as one of her assets into a liability . Unparalleled experience Of any potential presidential contender , none could match Clinton 's experience overseas . Governors are the most disconnected to foreign policy . Those aspiring for higher office often take international trips to learn about issues . Senators and members of Congress , meanwhile , can beef up their foreign policy cred by serving on committees dealing with international affairs , formulating policies and voting on matters of war , peace and which government to support . But none of that compares to the experience of being directly engaged in global events . If Clinton does run -- and win -- it would be quite a departure from modern-day political ascension . She would be the first president since James Buchanan , the 15th president , to previously serve as the country 's top diplomat .  Although it was almost a requirement closer to the founding of the country , with five of the first eight presidents being previous secretaries of state . But Buchanan , who preceded Abraham Lincoln , is considered one of the worst presidents in U.S. history . His failings , however , had nothing to do with his dealings with foreign policy , but with trouble at home over slavery and his reluctance to engage on the issue . An opening But Clinton 's opponents are sure to make her resume a liability , especially if unrest around the world continues . Sometimes excessive experience is a liability , especially in political campaigns . It 's easier to talk about what you will do with no record to show than it is to explain what you 've done . Republicans will help tell Clinton 's story , pointing out contradictions and inconsistencies at every turn . "  It creates an opening for the Republicans , " said Alex Wong , former director of foreign policy for Mitt Romney 's 2012 presidential run . Wong said candidates wo n't win an election on foreign policy but they sure could lose one on it . Before Russia and Ukraine , Israel and Gaza , ISIS gaining ground in Iraq and Syria , Republicans had been homing in on the issue of Benghazi -- the 2012 attack on the U.S. compound that killed four Americans including Ambassador Chris Stevens -- insisting that Clinton knows more than she is willing to admit and that it was her negligence as secretary of state that led to a dangerous environment for Americans working in Libya . Hillary Clinton : Putin ` bears responsibility ' in downing of MH17 But since international hot spots are flaring , Republicans have more material to work with and more crises at which to point blame . For instance , after an interview with CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " on Sunday in which Clinton said she was "  among the most skeptical of Putin during the time " in the Obama administration , a Republican research organization , America Rising PAC , noted that it 's "  too late to hit the ` reset ' button on your record with Russia . " During her first months at State , Clinton spearheaded an awkward media event in which she and then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev hit a gimmicky reset button to signal a new start to the U.S.-Russia relationship . "  The dilemma she faces is she was either responsible for a failed foreign policy , or she was not influential enough in the administration to right the ship , " Wong said . But Clinton 's supporters are anticipating the onslaught of foreign policy-related attacks . The group Correct the Record , which was created by Clinton supporters to defend her , lists 11 foreign policy-related accomplishments on its website , including helping "  restore America 's leadership and standing in the world , " building a coalition to enact "  the toughest sanctions in Iran 's history , " playing "  an integral role " in the missile reduction START treaty with Russia , and supporting the raid to kill Osama bin Laden . Correct the Record also says Clinton "  helped avert all-out war in Gaza " with a cease-fire in 2012 . A tricky paradox But responding to Republican attacks is only one part of Clinton 's challenge to protect and defend her record . She is also undertaking the difficult dance of distancing herself from President Barack Obama 's policies while promoting her own , especially as Republicans continue to tie Clinton to what they say is Obama 's failed foreign policy . Clinton is more hawkish than Obama , but working for a President includes having to put your policy positions aside if they do n't agree . With possibly higher political aspirations , Clinton must distinguish her positions from those of her former boss . She wrote a 596-page book to do just that . She used the opportunity to frame the narrative after the events happened , when context and the outcome of her decisions were apparent . Regarding Russia , in her memoir "  Hard Choices , " she placed herself in a category within the administration that had more modest expectations , which included progress on some priorities "  the reset delivered . " Clinton portrayed her role in negotiations between Israel and Palestinians as a constant broker able to maintain an honest relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as his and Obama 's relationship "  continued to deteriorate . " Clinton wrote about phone calls she had with Netanyahu in which they "  argued frequently " for more than an hour , "  sometimes two . " After failing to extend the freeze on settlement expansion , Clinton wrote , "  I spent much of the rest of 2011 trying to keep the situation from deteriorating from deadlock into disaster . That was n't easy . " Clinton : Settlement policy my biggest complaint with Israeli government Now that Israel and the Palestinians are engaged in intense fighting , Clinton promoted her role as secretary of state while defending the President in her interview on CNN . "  I think the President is doing what he can do to try to get a cease-fire and then see whether we can sort out some , you know , longer-term resolution , " she said . But Aaron David Miller , with the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars , said Clinton 's role at State is not necessarily an asset but definitely not a liability . If the world is relatively quiet by the time 2016 rolls around , foreign policy will be at the bottom of most Americans ' priority list . Miller said he admires Clinton for her work in difficult circumstances under a president who did n't give her a lot of latitude . He said she was a good secretary of state who improved America 's image around the world but that she is n't "  in the category of slam dunk secretaries of state . " "  There is not a foreign policy crisis that is currently ongoing that you can directly blame Hillary Clinton for , " he said . That does n't mean her opponents wo n't try , though . Why many liberals do n't trust Hillary Clinton	Should she run , Clinton will have more foreign policy experience than any potential rival GOP will help tell the story , pointing out contradictions and inconsistencies at every turn Clinton 's supporters are anticipating the onslaught of foreign policy-related attacks
HARRISBURG , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Pennsylvania 's acting secretary of labor and industry has entered a rehabilitation program for at least two weeks after her arrest on a public drunkenness charge last week . Sandi Vito , Pennsylvania 's acting labor secretary , has entered a rehab program , the governor 's spokesman says . Just a few hours before her arrest , Sandi Vito backed out of a scheduled interview with a CNN correspondent about the state 's controversial use of debit cards to pay unemployment benefits . Vito , who was appointed acting secretary of labor and industry in February 2008 , "  has entered a treatment program for two weeks , " according to Gov. Ed Rendell 's chief spokesman . "  The governor awaits her return before making any final decisions on her future , " the spokesman , Chuck Ardo , told CNN on Monday . CNN had been invited to a public appearance that Vito was making in Allentown , Pennsylvania , on Wednesday , to ask her about the fees banks impose when people choose to receive their unemployment benefits by debit cards instead of checks . Watch how bank fees can surprise people on unemployment " Those fees range from forty cents to check a balance by telephone , to $ 1.75 if the debit card is used outside the two free withdrawal periods banks allow . Approximately 925,000 Pennsylvanians were unemployed last month and most used debit cards to receive payments , Pennsylvania officials said . "  Arrangements have been made for you to interview Department of Labor & Industry Acting Secretary Sandi Vito in Allentown tomorrow at approximately 1 p.m. , to discuss our unemployment compensation debit card program , " David Smith , a spokesman for the department , e-mailed CNN prior to the scheduled meeting . Yet when a CNN correspondent , accompanied by a camera crew , attempted to interview Vito , she said she did not have the time and ducked out the back door of an elementary school where the public appearance was being staged . An official from her department did give CNN an interview . Later that same night , Vito was arrested on a charge of public drunkenness at the Hilton Hotel in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , according to Harrisburg Police Chief Charles Keller . News of her arrest did not become public until late Friday . "  I deeply regret that my actions earlier this week caused embarrassment to the administration and the commonwealth , " Vito said in a statement issued to CNN by her office . "  I take full responsibility for those actions . " "  This incident has had a profound personal effect on me , " her statement continued . "  Today , I am entering an alcohol treatment program because it is the right thing for me to do . " According to public records , Vito earns a salary of $ 136,120 annually . Her appointment as permanent secretary of labor and industry was to have been brought before the Pennsylvania legislature in a few weeks .	Acting Secretary of Labor Sandi Vito charged with public drunkenness last week Vito entering rehab for two weeks , Pennsylvania governor 's spokesman says The same day as her arrest , Vito backed out of interview with CNN Interview was to cover state 's use of debit cards for unemployment benefits
CNN  -- A New Jersey mother pleaded not guilty Wednesday to child endangerment charges after being accused of illegally allowing her 6-year-old daughter to tan at a salon , according to prosecutors . Patricia Krentcil , 44 , was arrested on April 24 and later released on $ 25,000 bail following the alleged incident , said Katherine Carter , a spokeswoman for the Essex County Prosecutor 's Office . Prosecutors say Krentcil allowed her daughter inside a stand-up tanning booth at a salon in the northern New Jersey town of Nutley . It 's not clear when the incident is alleged to have taken place . Krentcil 's attorney said the charges are unfounded . "  Forget about the presumption of innocence . My client is 150 percent innocent , " John D. Caruso told reporters Wednesday . "  She loves that child more than her own life and would never , ever , allow her child to go inside a tanning bed . " He said that Krentcil allowed her daughter to accompany her to the salon , but never allowed the girl into a booth . New Jersey law makes use of artificial tanning facilities by children under the age of 14 illegal . Children over age 14 can use tanning equipment only with permission of a guardian . Krentcil 's next court appearance is scheduled for June 4 .	Patricia Krentcil pleaded not guilty on Wednesday to child endangerment charges She has been accused of illegally allowing her 6-year-old daughter to tan at a salon Krentcil has denied the charges
CNN  -- When climate scientist Rosina Bierbaum speaks , her central theme is the "  roasted world " -- a bleak picture of what the planet will probably look like if carbon pollution continues unchecked , leading to 4 degrees Celsius of warming by mid-century . Four degrees may not sound like a lot -- but it would change our lives drastically . Mega-heat waves in 2010 in Europe and Russia were estimated to have caused up to 50,000 heat-related deaths , according to some reports . This "  will become the normal , " said Bierbaum , a review editor of the United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report , speaking at the U.N. in January . Food production in key regions such as sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia could drop by as much as 50 % , she added . Accelerated melting of the Greenland and Antarctica ice sheets will cause sea levels to rise by 1 to 2 feet , putting Miami and Mumbai , India , as well as many other low-lying cities , at enormous risk . It 's a bone-chilling scenario . We do n't always have control of our destiny , but in the case of climate change we know exactly what it will take to protect our planet and economy from disaster . Companies , investors and policymakers must scale up clean energy investments and scale down fossil fuel investments . Recently , we saw compelling evidence that big business is getting more serious about climate change . And it came from none other than the world 's largest fossil fuel company , Exxon Mobil . Nearly 25 years to the day after the Exxon Valdez supertanker ran aground in Alaska , spewing 260,000 barrels of crude oil , Exxon has agreed to report to investors on how climate change will affect its core business model , including the prospect that major portions of its oil reserves may need to be left in the ground as carbon-reducing policies and expanded use of renewable energy take hold globally . U.S. oil production since Exxon Valdez I remain guarded about how major oil companies will ultimately transition to being energy companies rather than fossil fuel companies , boosting our economy sustainably rather than pushing it closer to a breaking point . But Exxon 's commitment reflects a growing consensus among business leaders and investors that climate change is a core economic risk that must be tackled now . This is in stark contrast to just a few years ago , when climate change was seen as a tree-hugger issue relevant more to polar bears than financial bottom lines . After years of foot-dragging , businesses are recognizing the scientific certainty and economic effects of climate change -- from higher food costs to broken supply chains to costlier weather-related disasters . They see the powerful dollars-and-cents argument for mitigating carbon pollution today rather than waiting until it is too late and too expensive . Companies such as General Motors , Apple and Starbucks are now calling for strong climate and clean-energy policies in Congress . They are among more than 750 companies that have signed Ceres ' Climate Declaration , which brings together companies and individuals to demonstrate support for national action on climate change . The world 's largest institutional investors -- including many of the 500 that attended the U.N. Investor Summit on Climate Risk -- are actively integrating climate risks and opportunities into their investment decisions . Some are already pulling out of riskier carbon-intensive investments such as coal companies and are setting specific targets for elevating clean energy investments . Major stock exchanges are also beginning to require listed companies to disclose climate and other sustainability risks to investors . And securities regulators , including the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and state insurance regulators , have taken strong steps , at Ceres and investors ' urging , to require similar climate risk disclosure . These actions are profoundly important if we are to have any hope of thwarting , or limiting , the impact of this colossal global threat , which requires a massive shift in our economy to clean energy and away from fossil fuels . Solving climate change and building a sustainable global economy can not happen unless companies and investors realize their role in the problem and become part of the solution . We are making progress . Yet even as the biggest companies in the world change their business practices and come out in support of strong climate action , it remains a deeply controversial issue in Washington , which has led to policy paralysis . It is unfathomable . We must demand a vigorous debate over how best to meet the climate challenge , casting climate deniers out to the fringe where they now belong . Unless we act now , the threat that climate change poses to the planet will be exponentially greater . And the solutions will be increasingly harder to implement down the road . The "  roasted world " warning is a real threat , but it does n't need to become our reality . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mindy Lubber .	25 years ago , the Exxon Valdez supertanker created a gigantic oil spill in Alaska waters Mindy Lubber : Top companies such as Exxon are ready to act on climate change She says businesses realize how carbon pollution drags down their bottom lines Lubber : If they do n't embrace clean energy now , it may be too late and too expensive
On Veterans Day , former Army special ops officer Gary Linfoot took a brisk stroll around the Statue of Liberty . That 's remarkable because Linfoot is a paraplegic -- injured while on one of his many tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan . He 's been wheelchair-bound and paralyzed below the waist since 2008 . But new technology has offered Linfoot the opportunity to walk again . The bionic suit It 's possible because of a kind of wearable robot -- a full-body apparatus developed by California-based Ekso Bionics . Built-in sensors detect the user 's weight shifts and initiate steps . Battery-powered motors drive the legs and make up for deficits in neuromuscular function . Linfoot is the first veteran to receive the Ekso suit for personal use . It 's a gift made possible through a nonprofit organization focused on mental and physical issues facing returning veterans and their families . "  We were able to surprise the heck out a great soldier of ours . He 's now marching around , " said Colin Baden , president of Infinite Hero Foundation . The symbolic walk signals Linfoot 's determination to move on -- and the backdrop of the Statue of Liberty National Monument represents "  the freedom I fought for , " said Linfoot . Special veterans court marks 25th anniversary One soldier 's strength A highly decorated soldier , Linfoot was a member of the U.S. Army 's elite 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment  Airborne  . During his 19th combat tour in Iraq , his helicopter had a mechanical failure and crashed . After just three months of rehabilitation , Linfoot returned to duty as the officer in charge of the Special Operations Aquatic Training Facility . Since retiring from service in 2010 , he has pushed hard to overcome limitations . Linfoot now lives with his wife , Mari , in Clarksville , Tennessee . He will provide crucial information to advance the technology of the bionic suit . It 's in limited , trial use at hospitals and rehabilitation centers for patients with spinal cord injuries or those who 've suffered strokes . Fast-moving technology Creators of the Ekso suit predict the kind of rapid availability seen with other technology in recent years . "  We definitely see opportunity to reduce the cost  currently about $ 100,000  . When you look back in time , only a few people could afford the first cell phones . Now , the masses can enjoy that technology , " said Ekso Bionics co-founder Russ Angold . The idea was originally funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , the U.S. Department of Defense agency that has a history of world-changing innovations . Today , many entities are working to broaden applications of the wearable robot . A team of engineers and medical doctors at Georgia Tech Research Institute is working to enhance sensors in the suit that would make mobility possible even in difficult terrain . "  Technology is developing not only to help people walk again , but to help retrain neural pathways and mend the ruptured spinal column so that it can regenerate , " said GTRI Health Systems Technical Director Dr. Shean Phelps , a former special forces officer . Veterans find a new way to serve -- in the kitchen The scope of paralysis In this country , some 6 million people -- one in 50 -- live with some degree of paralysis , according to a 2009 report by the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation . Actor Christopher Reeve , who was outspoken about his resolve to walk again after a paralyzing accident , died in 2004 . At that time , the concept of the robotic exoskeleton was still in its infancy . "  It was science fiction technology . That is what we were working on , " said Angold . "  Here we are less than 10 years later , and we 're helping people walk again that otherwise could n't . And so we 've brought science fiction to reality in a very short period of time . " Just five people in the world own Ekso suits . One of the pioneers is endurance athlete Mark Pollack . Though blind and paralyzed , he recently set a record -- walking the equivalent of a mile and a half in a one-hour training session . Symbolic steps On this day , a crisp , clear afternoon in November , Gary Linfoot stands his full 6 feet , 2 inches tall and walks again . The site is significant on many levels . The Statue of Liberty is a universal beacon of freedom and part of the National Parks Service , which offers free , year-round access to all national parks for disabled veterans . "  Being here on Veterans Day with New York City in the background -- it 's very special , " says Linfoot . "  It exemplifies hope for the future . One day , one day soon , we 'll be able to leave that wheelchair behind . " Members of Congress thank veterans on Twitter	Gary Linfoot has been wheelchair-bound since 2008 On Monday , he used a new exoskeleton to walk around the Statue of Liberty He 's the first veteran to receive the suit for personal use
London  CNN  -- Coca-Cola -- the world 's ubiquitous brown fizzy drink -- is staying afloat as the soda market shrinks , and many point to a marketing strategy around the so-called "  secret recipe " as key to its resilience in a struggling industry . The Coca-Cola Company , which published its full year result Tuesday , recorded a 5 % drop in net income to $ 8.6 billion last year , down from $ 9 billion in 2012 , as it faced "  ongoing global macroeconomic challenges , " according to its chief executive Muhtar Kent . Volume grew 2 % for the year , which it said was "  below our expectations and long-term growth target , " with sparkling beverages recording a slight increase of 1 % -- led by Coca-Cola . Globally , soda drink sales have been shrinking as consumers turn to water , fruit drinks and healthier alternatives . The trend has hit Coke and other market players such as PepsiCo and Dr. Pepper . And while its primary competitor , PepsiCo , depends on its snack business to buoy the declining soda sales , Coke announced further investment into its marketing . In a tough market , one strategy that brand experts credit Coke 's relative strength with is the mystery around the much-hyped "  secret recipe . " "  The very idea of mystery attracts attention , and is often seen as an element of quality , " says social psychologist and marketing expert Ben Voyer , lecturer at London School of Economics and ESCP Europe Business School . "  A typical consumer would think that it must be a valuable product if they are doing all these things to protect the recipe . " Coca-Cola 's "  secret recipe " story -- on which it has centered advertising campaigns and built into its corporate museum -- reaches back nearly a century . According to the multi-national 's website , the original recipe was only written down in 1919 , more than half a century after a reported morphine addict and pharmacist John Pemberton invented the drink in 1886 . Until then , it was passed down by word of mouth . The formula was finally committed to paper when a group of investors led by Ernest Woodruff took out a loan to purchase the company in 1919 . "  As collateral , he provided a written record of the Coca Cola secret formula , " Coke said in a statement on its site . Since the 1920s , the document sat locked in a bank in Atlanta , until Coca-Cola decided to emphasize the secret in its marketing strategy . 86 years later , Coca-Cola moved the recipe into a purpose-built vault within the World of Coca-Cola , the company 's museum in Atlanta . The ambiance is made complete by red lighting and fake smoke . Coca-Cola has always claimed only two senior executives know the formula at any given time , although they have never revealed names or positions . But according to an advertising campaign based around the recipe , they ca n't travel on the same plane . The vault , like one straight from a film , has a palm scanner , a numerical code pad and massive steel door . Inside its walls , there 's another safe box with more security features . And inside that , a metal case containing what its owners call "  the most guarded trade secret in the world . " A piece of paper with , according to Coca-Cola , a recipe inside . But Mark Pendergrast , author of "  For God , Country & Coca-Cola , " is skeptical . "  John Pemberton invented Coca-Cola in 1886 , at the height of the patent medicine era , and one of the ironies of that name is that no one actually patented such creations , " he says . "  They kept the formulas secret , partly in order to increase sales with a sense of special mystery and to prevent competition , but also to keep people from knowing how cheap the ingredients were and how large the profits , " he says . The company has never patented the formula , saying to do so would require its disclosure . And once the patent expired , anyone would be able to use that recipe to produce a generic version of the world famous drink . " -LSB- The secrecy -RSB- creates a natural curiosity about the product itself . Consumers are more likely to try to find out the recipe , " Voyer says , adding it creates a legend around Coca Cola 's flagship drink . Scores of recipes have emerged through the decades . Their authors usually claim to have cracked the original recipe by getting hold of antique documents . So far , Coke has rejected all of them as fantasy , saying there is only one " ` real thing ' . " Mark Pendergrast 's book includes two versions of the original formula . "  One is a facsimile in the handwriting of Frank Robinson , the ` unsung hero ' of Coca-Cola who named the drink , wrote the famous script logo , manufactured the drink in its early days , and advertised it , " he says . Does he think the recipe is genuine ? "  Yes . I think that both of the Coca-Cola formulas in my book are the ` real thing , ' versions of the original formula for Coca-Cola , " he says . "  In the end , the exact formula is n't really the issue , " he says . Pendergrast reiterates a tale told in his book , in which he speaks to a Coca-Cola spokesperson who points out that even if its competitors got hold of the formula , they would n't be able to compete . "  Why would anyone go out of their way to buy Yum-Yum , which is really just like Coca-Cola but costs more , when they can buy the Real Thing anywhere in the world ? , " he was told . Read more : Coca-Cola Super Bowl ad ignites online debate Read more : Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight	Coca-Cola -- the world 's ubiquitous brown fizzy drink -- is staying afloat as the soda market shrinks Many point to a marketing strategy around the so-called "  secret recipe " as key to its resilience It 's never been patented , to keep the formula secret , but many say they have discovered the recipe
EW.com  -- Lionel Richie 's got once , twice , three times the friends you do . As previously reported , CBS will be airing "  ACM Presents : Lionel Richie and Friends in Concert " after the Academy of Country Music Awards telecast April 13 . And while the special event already boasted an impressive roster of country stars -- including Kenny Chesney , Jason Aldean , Lady Antebellum , Kenny Rogers , Rascal Flatts , The Band Perry , and Martina McBride -- it turns out there are even more guests waiting in the wings . Luke Bryan , Sara Evans , Tim McGraw , and Jennifer Nettles are the night 's newest additions , the ACM and Dick Clark Productions announced today . The concert will feature a variety of offerings , from solo performances to duets with the man of the hour . Naturally , a whole bunch of Richie hits from the man 's upcoming country duets album "  Tuskegee , " due March 27 , will be addressed throughout the night ; here 's a peek at the itinerary : Jason Aldean , "  Say You Say Me " The Band Perry , "  Penny Lover " Luke Bryan , "  Running with the Night " Lady Antebellum , "  Truly " Martina McBride , "  Still " Jennifer Nettles , "  Hello " Rascal Flatts , "  Dancing on the Ceiling " Kenny Chesney with Richie , "  My Love " Tim McGraw with Richie , "  Sail On " Kenny Rogers with Richie , "  Lady " The concert will tape April 2 at Las Vegas ' MGM Grand Garden Arena , a day after the Awards ceremony . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  ACM Presents : Lionel Richie and Friends in Concert " will have many country stars Luke Bryan , Sara Evans , Tim McGraw , and Jennifer Nettles are the night 's newest additions The concert will feature a variety of offerings , from solo performances to duets
CNN  -- One of No Child Left Behind 's controversial initiatives -- support for single-sex public schools and classes -- has come under heavy fire from critics . A common objection is that the programs are based on gender stereotypes : Boys need discipline and should be free to run around the classroom ; girls require gentle care and can be trusted to sit still . Is single-sex public education outdated and backward in this day and age ? Sociologist Michael Kimmel wrote in a CNN.com opinion column that single-sex classrooms in otherwise coeducational schools "  segregate boys and girls . " It 's a powerful statement . Segregation usually calls to mind racial segregation . In public schools today , black students remain considerably more segregated from white students compared with other racial and ethnic groups . But does separating students along the gender line , as Kimmel claims , do more harm than good ? Separation is not always a form of segregation . Some single-sex schools can do more good than harm . For educators who are looking for a way to address the needs of black boys -- who lag behind their peers on a range of academic and social measures , according to research -- single-sex education is an important tool . Instead of abandoning the option , educators and policymakers should learn from the promising work of some of the schools that serve young black men . An all-male public school can celebrate many different ways of being a young man , freeing students from a straitjacket notion of masculinity . Take Urban Charter , a school that I researched for a year .  Urban Charter is a pseudonym . Federal guidelines require that its real name be kept confidential . This is a common practice for school-based research involving minors .  It 's an all-boys high school in a large urban school district on the East Coast . It opened several years ago . Nearly all the boys there are African-American , and a large majority of their families are working-class or poor . Opponents warn that single-sex schools reinforce gender stereotypes . It 's a valid concern . Yet the teachers at Urban Charter actively fought stereotypes , not simply of boys but of black boys . The school staff was well aware of common stereotypes of their young men -- as , say , rappers and basketball players -- and so the school culture nurtured individual interests and passions . At weekly assemblies , the accomplishments of the mock trial team were celebrated alongside those of the basketball team . There was a thriving comic book and anime club , and nearly the entire school turned out for theater productions . Critics also worry that all-boys schools promote a machismo culture and could alienate boys who are gay . Yet a schoolwide commitment to helping young men become gentlemen meant frequent lessons about respecting women and girls . The unique gender composition did not itself make all the difference . The school administration knew this from the start . As the school 's founder said , "  you can make it all boys ; you can separate the boys . That does nothing . Separation gives you an opportunity to work the boys . You 've got to shun the whole boot camp mentality , disciplinary school mentality . " That opportunity was creating a pro-academic climate with small class sizes and a longer school day . A large budget and buy-in from parents and teachers also helped tremendously . Urban Charter 's accomplishments ca n't be denied . Since 2011 , the school has a near-perfect graduation rate , and over 80 % of the students have gone on to college . Nearly all the boys I interviewed said they did n't want to be anywhere else  and most had been unhappy when they enrolled  . They frequently cited the number of caring teachers . Research has shown that single-sex schools serving at-risk youth are likely successful for reasons other than simply separating kids by gender . Yet too often , opponents mischaracterize the claims made by those who support the schools . Certainly , there are many differences among boys and among girls . But parents should have the option to choose between single-sex programs and coeducational options .  The programs must be completely voluntary , in keeping with 2006 Department of Education guidelines . To be sure , proponents have n't always helped their own cause . Some have mistakenly used biological sex differences to justify educating boys and girls separately . But Urban Charter , for example , did n't tout those differences at all . The school instead cited very real , troubling and enduring differences in academic outcomes  performance in school , graduation rates  and social outcomes  exposure to drugs and violence , the likelihood of being incarcerated  between black boys and their peers . Let 's stop saying that single-sex public education is a form of segregation ; it can empowering . And African-American boys are among those who could benefit the most . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Freeden Oeur .	Freeden Oeur says support for single-sex public education has come under fire Oeur : Single-sex classes are a good option in addressing the needs of black boys He says an all-male school can free students from a narrow idea of masculinity Oeur : Not all single-sex programs reinforce gender stereotypes
CNN  An Argentine prosecutor said Friday there is enough evidence to continue an investigation into whether President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner hid Iran 's alleged role in a deadly 1994 bombing , a probe that paused after a different prosecutor died mysteriously last month . Federal Prosecutor Gerardo Pollicita filed a 61-page report essentially endorsing what prosecutor Alberto Nisman claimed before he died in January : that evidence shows Fernandez and other top officials tried to cover up Iran 's alleged involvement in the bombing that killed 85 people at a Jewish center in Buenos Aires . Pollicita sent his report to a judge , who is expected to examine it next week after he returns from vacation . The judge can determine whether the case can proceed to trial . Nisman , a special prosecutor investigating the 1994 bombing of the Argentine Israelite Mutual Association , alleged last month that Iran was behind the attack , and that Fernandez , to help sweeten a trade deal , covered up Tehran 's involvement . That trade deal , Nisman alleged , involved cash-strapped Argentina receiving Iranian oil in exchange for meat and grain . Nisman made the allegation in a nearly 300-page report . But on January 18 , one day before he was to testify before lawmakers about his allegations , he was found dead in his apartment with a gunshot wound to the head . Nisman filled with fear before his death , friend says In his trash can , investigators say , was a 6-month-old draft warrant for Fernandez 's arrest . Fernandez initially called it a suicide , but a test found no gunpowder residue on Nisman 's hands . Fernandez said a few days later that she did n't believe Nisman killed himself , alleging that some members of the country 's intelligence agency fed Nisman false information about a cover-up and were responsible for his death . The President and the other accused government officials deny any cover-up in the bombing . Anibal Fernandez , the President 's general secretary , said the allegations against Fernandez are "  a clear maneuver to destabilize democracy " in the South American country . He also said the investigation lacks "  judicial value " or "  importance . " About 10 years ago , Nisman was appointed as special prosecutor to investigate the bombing by then-President Nestor Kirchner , Fernandez 's late husband . Conspiracy theories aplenty in wake of prosecutor 's death CNN 's Rafael Romo , Elwyn Lopez and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Prosecutor to judge : Enough evidence for investigation of President to continue Different prosecutor , before he died , alleged President hid Iran 's alleged involvement in bombing President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , other officials deny cover-up
CNN  -- Backup quarterback Tim Tebow was released by the New England Patriots on Saturday after failing to make the final roster for the new season . Tebow , who was signed to the Patriots in June , made the final 75 earlier in the week but lost out in the final cut . NFL teams had until 6 p.m. ET Saturday to reduce their rosters to a maximum of 53 players before the season kicks off Thursday . The former Heisman Trophy winner has been praised and panned for being outspoken about his Christian faith , including taking a prayerful position at games that has led to an Internet photo craze known as "  Tebowing . " Heisman Trophy 101 Critics have said the 26-year-old does n't throw well enough to be an NFL quarterback . In three NFL seasons , Tebow , who was waived by the New York Jets in April , has played 35 games and completed 48 % of his passes . The 26-year-old previously played for the Denver Broncos , who drafted Tebow in the first round in 2010 . In a series of statements on Twitter , Tebow quoted a Bible verse and thanked the Patriots ' president and coaches "  for giving me the opportunity to be a part of such a classy organization . "  I pray for nothing but the best for you all . I will remain in relentless pursuit of continuing my lifelong dream of being an NFL quarterback , " he wrote . In addition to Tebow , the Patriots said Saturday that they released 12 other players and placed veteran safety Adrian Wilson on injured reserve . CNN 's Jillian Martin and Marcus Hooper contributed to this report .	NEW : Tebow to Patriots on Twitter : "  I pray for nothing but the best for you " Quarterback Tim Tebow is released by the New England Patriots He was signed by the Patriots in June after being waived by the New York Jets Tebow is known for being outspoken about his faith
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Jakarta governor and former furniture salesman Joko "  Jokowi " Widodo won Indonesia 's presidential election , officials said Tuesday , setting him up to be the first person who did n't boast a military or elite background to take the office . His challenger rejected the election hours before the result was announced , citing what he said was massive cheating . It was n't immediately clear what effect his complaint would have . Widodo won 53 % of the July 9 vote , the country 's election commission said . His challenger , former military man Prabowo Subianto , a onetime son-in-law to the late Indonesian dictator Suharto , received 47 % . The charismatic Widodo styled himself a man of the people , and his background appealed to the country 's poor . Before entering politics , Widodo worked in his family 's furniture business and started his own export company , which he made a huge success . Comparing the candidates : Prabowo and Widodo In 2005 , he was elected mayor of Surakarta and became known for his spontaneous visits to slums , which drew media attention , and unannounced drop-ins at government offices to catch underperforming workers . He rose to become Jakarta governor in 2012 , where he piloted new health care and education programs . In the presidential election , he overcame his critics , who said he was Widodo too inexperienced and had n't finished his work in Jakarta . Several major projects , including a new railway , remain behind schedule . Subianto withdraws Before official results were announced , Prabowo on Tuesday declared he was rejecting the election process and withdrawing . In a speech aired live , Prabowo cited "  massive , structural and systematic cheating during the 2014 election , " and said , "  we will exercise our constitutional right to reject the presidential election and declare it unconstitutional . "  We withdraw ourselves from the process . " When told of Prabowo 's announcement , Widodo replied : "  I am sure Prabowo is a statesman who will put the national interest above everything else . " There had been indications that a challenge was likely to be launched from Prabowo , but his allegations are unprecedented , said Douglas Ramage , an analyst from Bower 's Asia Group , based in Jakarta . "  This is the first time anyone has questioned the legitimacy of the democratic process itself , " he said . "  Since 1999 , no participant in the process has asserted that the process itself has been illegitimate . "  We 're in uncharted territory here . " The election commission said Tuesday that the result would be legally binding if no complaints are filed at the constitutional court within 72 hours . Under Indonesia 's election laws , either of the presidential candidates has the right to lodge a legal challenge in the court . Whether Prabowo would do so was n't immediately clear . Prabowo , the leader of the Great Indonesia Movement  Gerindra  party , had touted his military service and projected the image of a decisive man capable of taking charge . He became part of one of the most influential families when he married Suharto 's daughter , Siti Hediyati Hari , in 1983 . They have since divorced , but his ex-wife backs his candidacy , even appearing publicly in his campaign events . Hours after the polls closed on voting day , unofficial quick counts , or samples from polling stations , revealed a slight edge for Widodo . Widodo declared victory after seeing results of the unofficial quick vote earlier this month , telling his supporters : "  It 's not a victory for the party , not a victory for the team but this is a victory for all Indonesian people . " Jokowi declares victory Ramage said that the election process has been transparent as results were posted as they 've been counted . "  The key thing in the next few hours and the next day will be to see the reaction of the rest of Indonesia 's political elite and the heads of the country 's democratic institutions " Over the weekend , Prabowo asked the election commission to delay the results , because of what he and his camp claimed were cheating and manipulation across polling stations . He asked the election commission to stop counting the votes until the alleged cheating cases were resolved . But on Monday , the election commissioner , Arif Budiman , denied Prabowo 's request to delay the release of the election results . Nearly two weeks have passed since election day , meaning the paper ballots have been counted . Fadli Zon , one of the leaders of Prabowo 's Gerindra party , said they would not accept the results and will fight "  in a non-violent way . " Jokowi eyes Mideast involvement CNN 's Kathy Quiano reported from Jakarta , Indonesia and Madison Park wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Casey Tolan and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Indonesian presidential election results are expected Tuesday Candidate Prabowo Subianto rejects election process Joko "  Jokowi " Widodo declared victory after polls closed on July 9
CNN  -- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is a big , serious government agency with a big , serious job : protecting public health from threats ranging from hurricanes to bird flu . So when the good doctors of Atlanta warned people this week about how to prepare for a zombie apocalypse , the world took notice . "  That 's right , I said z-o-m-b-i-e a-p-o-c-a-l-y-p-s-e , " Dr. Ali S. Khan wrote on the CDC website this week , adding casually that "  Resident Evil " is his "  personal favorite " zombie movie . As it happens , Khan , one of the nation 's top-ranking public health professionals  he 's a rear admiral and an assistant surgeon general  , does n't actually believe the living dead are about to claw their way out of graves and start chewing on your brain . But , he and his communications team recently noticed , what they 'd want you to do if the world really did suddenly go "  Night of the Living Dead " is pretty much the same thing they 'd want you to do in case of a hurricane or a major pandemic . From that realization to the decision actually to put up a blog post was a short step , Khan said Thursday . Inside zombie brains : How sci-fi teaches science Khan floated the idea of what to do in a meteor strike on earth not long after becoming director of CDC 's Office of Public Health Preparedness and Response eight months ago , he said , so his staff knew he was open to "  novel and creative ideas to engage the public . " Then the CDC got a question about zombies during an online chat about radiation leaks related to the meltdown at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in March , and they saw traffic spike . Khan and his communications team knew they 'd found a way to get the public interested in disaster preparedness , he said . "  You have a ` Resident Evil ' movie coming out , ` Shaun of the Dead , ' ` World War Z. ' It 's a good metaphor for where you have complete disruption , " he said . So they posted the advice on Monday . Their website crashed on Wednesday . Why we love those rotting , hungry , putrid zombies It 's running sporadically as of this writing , so in case you ca n't get on , here 's what CDC recommends : Make an emergency plan . Stockpile food , water and medicine . Have a utility knife , duct tape and battery-powered radio handy , along with some changes of clothes and bedding . And keep some cleaning supplies handy , along with key personal documents like a driver 's license and birth certificate . The CDC also recommends having basic first aid supplies handy for a hurricane or a pandemic -- although , Khan admits on the CDC blog , "  you 're a goner if a zombie bites you . "	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issues zombie preparedness advice It 's a lighthearted way of getting people to think about disaster preparedness , a top official says Dr. Ali S. Khan does n't really expect the dead to rise -- but he does like "  Resident Evil " Getting ready for a zombie invasion is much like preparing for a hurricane , he says
CNN  -- Two days before Election Day , Vice President Joe Biden paid a visit to foot soldiers serving on the front lines of the 2012 campaign : suburban Colorado . Early voting had been under way in the Western battleground for weeks ; the Obama team was counting on a volunteer army to deliver the state . The polls in the race 's final weeks had careened back and forth between razor-thin Obama and Romney leads . But Biden told the volunteers he was n't worried -- and they were the reason : "  The ground operation which you guys represent is the best in the history of presidential politics . " "  I 'm telling you , it 's this way in Virginia , it 's this way in Florida . ... And I think that the one thing that is going to fundamentally make the difference is you guys -- for real , " Biden said . "  I 'm not just trying to be nice . I really genuinely believe that 's the deal . " Obama takes key battlegrounds to win election Republicans , surveying the very same landscape at the very same time , sounded a much more skeptical note . "  We are poised to blow the Obama campaign out on Election Day thanks to a superior GOTV  get out the vote  program , " Republican National Committee political director Rick Wiley wrote in a memo sent the day after Biden 's Colorado visit . "  The Obama campaign 's superior ground game is a myth , " said Wiley , promising a GOP victory . "  It 's  ground  game over . " Just one day later , Republicans were echoing the vice president 's assessment , with one top Republican telling CNN : "  Their  ground game  deal was much more real than I expected . " On paper , Democrats ' turnout efforts this year dwarfed those of their GOP counterparts . The 125 million voter contacts the Obama team claimed were more than twice the Republican total . The hundreds of Democratic field offices outnumbered GOP outposts by greater than 2-1 or 3-1 in key swing states . But the Obama campaign insisted it was n't just about the numbers . Obama 's re-election makes history , again "  Many field campaigns have historically favored quantity over quality . We do not , " Obama national field director Jeremy Bird told reporters just before Election Day . "  These are not phone calls made from a call center . They are done at the local level by our neighborhood team leaders , members and volunteers , who are talking to people in their communities . " And in an election cycle where billions of dollars were spent on attack ads -- far more than ever before -- that kind of old-school retail politicking may have made the difference . In the home stretch , the Romney campaign pointed to a big jump in voter contacts this year over John McCain 's 2008 effort . But a significant percentage of the voter contacts they pointed to included indirect contact -- like door hangers -- that did n't give voters the all-important sense of personal connection . Meanwhile , the Obama campaign 's turnout effort flooded the zone . While Republicans were still battling for the nomination in the spring , the number of Obama field offices in key primary season states likely to play significant roles in the fall -- states like Ohio , New Hampshire and Florida -- already outnumbered those of all his potential GOP challengers combined , even though the president was n't facing any primary season challengers . Even with a massive infrastructure advantage and major head start , an Obama edge on the ground was no sure thing . Republican enthusiasm was far higher in 2012 than it had been four years earlier , and indications were that Democratic enthusiasm had slipped . Well-funded super PACs took on some ground game efforts for the Romney campaign , and polls conducted in the home stretch found voters in the most hotly contested battlegrounds felt they 'd been only slightly more likely to hear from Obama 's campaign than Romney 's . Americans demand more from Obama 's second term But these super PAC turnout operations were largely new and untested compared with the Obama machine and veteran union allies . Even with aggressive outreach to voters , both they and the Romney campaign were ultimately less likely to actually reach voters than the Obama team . And in an election where swing state percentage gaps between the two candidates were in the single digits , even the slimmest gains along the margins loomed large . Record-breaking numbers of voters cast their ballots before Election Day this year -- half the voting population or higher in some states -- and the Obama campaign was able to bank huge leads weeks ahead of the race 's final day . Republicans played down the disparity in field offices and early vote totals . The office and staffer count , they said , were meaningless metrics . "  If we wanted to have as many staff and offices , we could do that , " Romney political director Rich Beeson told reporters last month . But these Obama outposts , no matter how small , were n't just window dressing ; they filled a couple of key functions . Since each was staffed with at least one Obama for America staffer , they served as an initial point of contact with the campaign , and a recruitment center for local volunteers . They provided a central location for campaign events , for phone banking and for data collection . And their permanence allowed the campaign to develop vital local insight : to build detailed voter files on potential supporters , field test the best ways to motivate them , and push them to cast their votes weeks before Election Day . Opinion : Obama will get little time to celebrate Republicans said those early voting efforts by the president 's campaign were just tapping out their support from voters who would have shown up for him in the end anyway -- and that the edge fueled by early voting would evaporate when Republican voters headed to the polls on Election Day . They were n't entirely wrong ; a good chunk of those early Democratic votes came from banking ballots from the president 's strongest supporters , base voters who would have shown up no matter what . But that early vote cushion was n't just cosmetic . It helped create an aura of inevitability on the ground in key swing states . It provided an insurance policy against potential vote loss to Election Day lines and snafus . And instead of devoting valuable home stretch resources to bringing guaranteed votes to the polls on Election Day , the campaign could instead focus on using those hard-core supporters as Election Day foot soldiers , employing the most personal and effective form of voter persuasion to bring less enthusiastic backers to the polls . "  You go as hard as you can until the end . That 's what we 're going to do until the very end , " said Obama campaign manager Jim Messina . The end in Colorado : a 50 % -47 % win for the president .	Analysis : Robust field campaigning , direct contact with voters made the difference "  Many field campaigns have ... favored quantity over quality . We do not , " top Obama aide says Democratic field offices outnumbered GOP outposts in key swing states
CNN  -- Those who possess illegally downloaded of music or films in Japan can face prison term of up to two years and fines of nearly 2 million yen  U.S. $ 25,679  , according to a new law which takes effect Monday . The move is aimed to stop falling music sales in the world 's second largest music market , where industry officials estimate only one in 10 downloads are legally purchased . The new law is a victory for the recording industry 's global fight against online piracy , which has seen setbacks in the U.S. and European Union where the Stop Online Piracy Act  SOPA  and the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement  ACTA  , respectively , has run afoul of the public , which fears it will curb online freedom and privacy . The Recording Industry Association of Japan says the download music market shrank 16 % in 2011 , the second consecutive year of decline . The slide comes despite global sales of digital music increasing 8 % last year to $ 5.2 billion , according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry  IFPI  . Globally , one in four internet users "  regularly access unlicensed services , " according to an IFPI/Nielsen survey . The Japanese music industry is hoping to replicate the success of South Korea , which has seen its global market ranking jump to 11th in the world from 23rd after the country cracked down on download piracy beginning in 2007 , according the IFIP 's 2012 "  Digital Music Report . " South Korean laws require Internet providers to send notices to users who illegally download music , with 70 % of infringers stopping after first notification , IFPI says . The most challenging market for the industry is China , the world 's largest internet market , where an estimated 99 % of all downloaded music is illegal , according to the report . "  China has nearly twice as many internet users as the U.S. , but digital music revenues per user are currently about 1 % of that of the U.S. . More than 70 % of music sales in China are digital , but the market has achieved a tiny fraction of its potential , " the report said . "  In 2010 , China 's overall music sales were worth only $ 67 million , making it a smaller market than Ireland . " Peer-to-peer piracy levels declined by 26 % in France in 2011 after the implementation of strict new anti-piracy laws , IFPI said .	A new law in Japan threaten prison time and fines for illegal downloads Aimed at stopping piracy in the world 's second largest music market Similar efforts worldwide have run afoul of online freedom and privacy advocates Japan 's legal online downloads is declining , while globally grew 8 % last year
CNN  -- After two space shuttle flights in the 1980s , astronaut Sally Ride spent much of the rest of her life trying to encourage children , particularly girls , to give the sciences a shot . Ride , the first American woman in space , was part of a wave of women who entered the traditionally male disciplines of natural sciences and engineering in the 1970s . One of those she inspired was Catherine "  Cady " Coleman , who told CNN 's "  Newsroom " that she never considered becoming an astronaut before meeting Ride in 1982 . "  When I 'd think of what they look like , it 's those Mercury Seven standing in front of an airplane , a bunch of guys that were older than me with not as much hair , " she said . "  And suddenly you meet Sally Ride , and it became clear to me that maybe this is something I can pursue . " The human , funny side of Sally Ride Coleman joined the Air Force , became an astronaut and has racked up more than 4,300 hours in space , including two space shuttle flights and a five-month stint aboard the international space station . "  All of us would like to make a difference , but Sally changed the world , " she said . Sally Ride opens a new frontier for others The number of women earning science or engineering degrees grew from about 50,000 in 1966 to about 240,000 in 2006 , according to figures from the National Science Foundation . Ride died Monday at age 61 . She joined NASA 's astronaut corps in 1978 , the same year she earned a Ph.D in physics at California 's Stanford University . At the time , women earned about 4 % of the physics degrees , said Christianne Corbett , a senior researcher at the American Association of University Women . That number is about 20 % today , Corbett said . "  She was a real pioneer . Things have really improved dramatically in her lifetime , " Corbett said . Opinion : Thank you , Sally Ride Charles Vest , the president of the National Academy of Engineering , served with Ride on the board of the National Math and Science Initiative , an industry-backed effort to boost those subjects . He said Ride was always friendly and good humored , "  an inspiration to everybody . " "  I do n't think I have attended a single major event on K-12 science and education where she was n't present , " he said . "  My own granddaughter attended one or two Sally Ride events in Washington and was always inspired by them , and was just devastated when she heard the news . " Women today make up about half of the graduates in chemistry and mathematics , and are awarded a majority of bachelor 's degrees in biology . But in engineering , only about 20 % of graduates are women -- and among all women entering college , only 3 to 5 % choose engineering as a major , said Catherine Didion , a program manager at the engineering academy . Tributes pour in for Sally Ride "  I had the opportunity to work with her and watch some of the students ' eyes light up , " Didion said . "  She had a way to explain the work that she did , and the passion she had for what she did , in a way that was really approachable . " Ride 's efforts focused on middle-school students , typically the point at which students are given a choice of elective courses . "  Many of them probably went back home and said , ` Mom , Dad , I know what I want to be , ' " Didion said . But since 2006 , the percentage of women going into the sciences has leveled off , Corbett said . There has been a slight decline in female engineering and physics majors , and the number of women choosing computer science has dropped from about 30 % in the 1980s to about 18 % today . Corbett and Didion said female students still battle the stereotype that males do better at math and science -- and in some cases trim their ambitions accordingly . Dr. Sally Ride "  Fewer girls tend to go on to careers in those areas because they hold themselves to a higher standard and tend to assess their abilities lower , " Corbett said . That 's often true even when girls get higher grades or standardized test scores , she said . "  Role models like Sally Ride are so important for reducing the effective stereotype , " Corbett said . "  The more you see women succeeding in these areas , the less strong that stereotype is . " And Vest said studies show appeals to idealism and the potential of new discoveries can help draw women to the field . "  We 've been doing a very poor job of explaining the versatility of engineering degrees , and how if you want to improve climate and water and health , it 's going to take technological advances to do it , " he said . Didion said Ride "  not only walked that , she lived that life in giving back to the community . " "  It 's hard to overstate the impact that she had on a generation of young women when she made that first spaceflight , " she said . "  And the fact that she continued to work with young students means she had a ripple effect on several generations . " Memories of my space flight with Sally Ride	Sally Ride was part of a rising wave of women in science and engineering She spent her post-space career trying to get kids interested in the subjects Ride , the first American woman in space , died Monday at 61 "  Sally changed the world , " astronaut Cady Coleman says
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- The death toll from a bus bombing in Manila 's financial district climbed to five Wednesday as officials pointed to terror and crime groups in the country 's south as a likely source of the attack . The bus was approaching a metro rail station when it blew up . Thirteen people were injured in the attack , authorities said . Gen. Raul Bacalso , the Philippine national police chief , said the terror angle is being looked at closely during testimony before a Senate inquiry Wednesday morning . Evidence recovered from the crime scene and the pattern used in the bombing point to a strong possibility that terror or crime groups operating on the southern island of Mindanao may be responsible for the attack in Makati City , Manila 's financial district , according to Nicanor Bartolome , a regional police director . The head of the Police Investigation Task Force , Arne De Los Santos , identified the explosive device as an 81mm mortar , which he said was triggered by a cellphone . It was placed inside a bag that was left under a bus seat , according to Santos . Mindanao is a predominantly Muslim autonomous region , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the Philippines , a predominantly Christian country . Journalists Arlene Espirtu and Winona Cueva contributed to this report .	A mortar triggered by a cellphone is used in the bombing , investigator says The explosion blows a hole through the side of the bus Makati City is Manila 's financial district
