Hong Kong  CNN  -- Japan 's robust economic recovery this year could put an end to a deflationary spiral that has sapped growth for some 14 years , says the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development  OECD  . In its annual economic outlook , the OECD projects Japanese consumer prices will begin rising modestly by the end of this year , with the inflation rate reaching 2.4 % by the end of 2014 . "  Aggressive monetary easing could see deflation give way to moderately positive underlying inflation in Japan , " the report said . In recession as recently as last year , Japan 's economy grew at an annual rate of 3.5 % in the first three months of 2013 , much quicker than the 2.7 % expected by analysts . The brighter economic outlook stems largely from reform efforts launched by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe -- a set of policies dubbed "  Abenomics . " As part of a three-pillar strategy announced in January , Japan has ramped up government spending and the country 's central bank is injecting money into the economy on a massive scale . It hopes to bring the inflation rate to 2 % and put to an end to a downward drift in consumer prices that has persisted for 14 years , undermining business and consumer confidence in the world 's third largest economy . The moves have led to a rally in the Nikkei stock index and a slide in the yen that has made corporate Japan more competitive overseas . Also promised are structural reforms such as increasing the participation of women in the workforce . "  Reflecting a determined policy approach , the economic outlook has changed markedly in Japan in recent months , " the report said . However , the OECD warned that Japan 's economic recovery was "  surrounded by uncertainty " given the country 's high debt levels , which amount to more than 200 % of gross domestic product  GDP  . "  In Japan , the key risk is that the unsustainable fiscal position will eventually affect financial markets and provoke a crisis of confidence , " the report said . "  Bringing the debt ratio back to safe levels from its current highs will be exceptionally challenging . "	OECD says consumer prices in Japan will begin rising later this year Economy has suffered a 14-year downward drift in prices Reforms launched by new leader Shinzo Abe are boosting economy OECD warns that high debt levels pose an "  exceptional challenge "
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A building at a Georgia university was evacuated Monday morning after some Civil War relics stored there were found to be possibly dangerous , officials said . Officials at Kennesaw State University in suburban Atlanta called an all-clear around 1 p.m. , about an hour and a half after they evacuated the school 's Social Sciences Building and its surrounding area . "  Some Civil War relics stored on the third floor were noticed as being a potential hazard , " the university said in a news release . The relics included two cannonballs that were located in a display case within a room that was accessible only with a card-key , the university said . The cannonballs had been on display in the building for about three years as part of a collection within the university 's Center for the Study of the Civil War Era , the school said . They were donated by a private individual . A new administrative faculty member at the university was the person who raised concerns about the cannonballs , Kennesaw State said . A local bomb squad responded to the university and removed the relics in question , and the building was reopened .	Civil War relics at Kennesaw State University were deemed potentially hazardous Officials evacuated the building as a precaution A bomb squad removed the questionable relics
Punched . Slapped . Cursed at . Deprived of water and food . Shackled to a bed with a "  four-point restraint for almost a month . " U.S. Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi says that 's what life was like for him in his first weeks in a Mexican prison . He ended up there after unwittingly crossing the border from California two months ago with several guns in his car -- firearms he says legally owns , but that it 's unlawful to bring into Mexico . Tahmooressi told CNN on Friday that things have gotten better for him . He gets by on phone calls to his family , his faith , reading , exercise , sleep and -- perhaps above all -- hope . "  I think that they will see that I 'm not guilty of the crime they 've  accused  me of doing , " he said . "  They 'll just let me go . " Yet there 's no guarantee that will happen . After a judge started and then quickly suspended a hearing Wednesday after Tahmooressi fired his attorneys , a Mexican judicial source said his next court hearing will be June 4 . But his mother , Jill Tahmooressi , said the next hearing is still weeks away , as it will take time for the new attorney to be briefed . Until then , at least , Tahmooressi 's days are going "  by pretty slow . " But at least he 's not being -- as he puts it -- "  abused " any more , something he credits in part to the attention his case has gotten in the media and among politicians . "  Since I got media coverage , and people I guess realized that I 'm not dangerous , " Tahmooressi said , "  it 's been pretty relaxed and not so bad -- after the first month . " Prison authorities denied the abuse allegations and said he is being treated well . ' I got here accidentally ; please let me turn around ' It was March 31 . Tahmooressi had walked across the border into Tijuana to patronize an establishment popular with Marines from Camp Pendleton , his mother , Jill , said . As Tahmooressi explained , out of a parking lot , "  I just made one wrong turn , and then that one wrong turn that I thought was going to take me north to San Diego was actually an on-ramp that swooped around back to the south and to Mexico . " At one point , he got "  funneled " across the border . "  There was no way out of that except for if I had turned my truck around and drove into oncoming traffic , " Tahmooressi said . "  That would have been the only way that I could have done it . " According to Jill Tahmooressi , her son immediately disclosed to the border guards that he had weapons and requested that he be allowed to turn around , she said . "  The first thing he said to the first person that stopped him was , ' I got here accidentally ; please let me turn around . I have three guns in my truck , ' " his mother said . A 911 tape released by U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter , R-California , appears to support his version of events . In it , the Marine is heard saying , "  I crossed the border by accident , and I have three guns in my truck , and they 're trying to take my guns from me . " After learning he 's in Mexico , the 911 dispatcher responds : "  There 's nothing I can help you with then , sir . I do apologize . You 're not on American soil anymore . " Tahmooressi asks whether authorities have a right to take his guns . The dispatcher tells him he should have seen large warning signs on the freeway saying it 's illegal to enter Mexico with guns . "  There are warning signs that do say that as you 're driving down the freeway , before you enter Mexico , " she says . "  Yeah , I was hoping there would be a turnaround point , " he says , "  but there never was . " Friend : Marine already suffers from PTSD What happened , at a state penitentiary called La Mesa , left his mother "  mortified . " In addition to being punched in the stomach and slapped in the face , Andrew Tahmooressi said he was at times "  naked ... overnight in the cold " and "  shackled in a way that made me want to stand overnight . " He added : "  I was not allowed to drink water for about maybe 12 hours , and I was not given food for a certain amount of time like half a day or so . " While CNN could not independently verify these claims with Mexican authorities , if true , they would be the latest ordeal for a man who a close friend says was having trouble with post-traumatic stress disorder even before he was detained in Mexico . "  His PTSD started from combat . Now , he 's got a whole other load of PTSD that he is going to get when he gets out of jail , " said Sam Vranicar , who served with Tahmooressi in Afghanistan in 2010 . Tahmooressi has been able to speak with his friend when he calls Vranicar 's house collect from the Mexican jail . The two have talked about 10 times , Vranicar said . Vranicar said he 's astonished that a Marine -- or anyone -- could be treated the way his friend describes . "  Being tied to a bed in four-point restraints and joint manipulation restraints -- like ways that a POW would be treated ... it 's just ridiculous , " Vranicar said . "  I do n't think it 's right for any American to be in a Mexican jail treated like that . They are our neighboring ally , and it 's inhumane . " ' A different guy ' Vranicar had urged Tahmooressi to move from Florida to San Diego so that he could help him seek treatment for PTSD . "  As soon as he got out here , I realized that the Andrew that I used to know has gone , " Vranicar said . "  He became a different guy . " Vranicar and his wife noticed his friend was acting distant . "  I took him to La Jolla , he got diagnosed and he started seeing people on a regular basis , " Vranicar said . Not long afterward , he said , Tahmooressi made the wrong turn at an exit close to the Mexican border . He had all his belongings , including his guns , with him , Vranicar said . "  It was n't just his guns that he crossed with , " he said . "  It was everything he had . All his worldly possessions . " His mother said Tahmooressi was searching for permanent housing and often stayed in San Diego hotels . Over 100,000 sign White House petition Jill Tahmooressi said no one from the State Department in Washington had contacted her , but she heard from Bill Whitaker , chief of American citizens services at the U.S. Consulate General in Tijuana . "  I immediately let Mr. Whitaker know that Andrew was abused at the hands of the guards , " she said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told CNN on Wednesday that he spoke with Mexican authorities about the veteran 's case last week . Tahmooressi and his family have pressed their case in other ways as well . That includes a White House petition his mother started on May 1 that , as of Friday night , had 110,000 signatures -- above the mark needed to garner an official government response . The Marine has tried to appeal to U.S. lawmakers like Hunter , one of several who have petitioned for his release . "  I accidentally drove into Mexico with 3 guns ... a rifle  AR-15  , a .45 cal pistol and a 12 gauge pump shotgun with no intensions  sic  on being in Mexico or being involved in any criminal activities , " Tahmooressi wrote in a statement of innocence to Hunter , who sits on the House Armed Services Committee . "  I have rights to all 3 weapons , " he wrote . "  They are under my name . ... Please help me . " And many more people not in positions of power have heard his story as well . He 's grateful for all of the attention , which he believes has already contributed to his improved condition . "  I just want to say thank you to everyone who has been a part of this and has been helping me and rallying with me and signing my petition , " Tahmooressi told CNN . "  I ca n't thank you enough . I thank God for you guys . "	Marine says he was hit , left naked , shackled , deprived in Mexican prison He says conditions have improved after media coverage Over 100,000 people sign White House petition to demand his release The U.S. Marine says he accidentally crossed Mexican border with 3 guns in March
CNN  -- Bones found last week near where Steve Fossett 's plane crashed in eastern California 's Sierra Nevadas are those of the adventurer , authorities said Monday . Fossett , seen here with his wife , Peggy , disappeared after a solo flight in 2007 . Testing at California 's state crime lab determined that "  two large bones " recovered Wednesday matched Fossett 's DNA , a spokeswoman for the Madera County Sheriff 's Department in California said . Madera County Sheriff John Anderson said last week that confirmation that the bones were Fossett 's would allow authorities to conclude with certainty that Fossett is dead . Fossett was last seen on the morning of September 3 , 2007 , when he took off from the Flying-M Ranch outside Minden , Nevada . He was scouting locations for an attempt to break the land-speed record in a rocket-propelled car . Searchers found the bones , Fossett 's driver 's license , a pair of shoes and a $ 100 bill on Wednesday , Anderson said last week . The discovery site was a little more than a half-mile from where Fossett 's plane wreckage was found on October 1 in a remote area of the Sierra Nevadas at an altitude of 10,000 feet . See map showing takeoff site , crash site " The site of Wednesday 's discovery also is about a quarter-mile from where a hiker reported finding two aviation identification cards with Fossett 's name and $ 1,000 in cash in late September , Anderson said . Animal chew marks were found on the driver 's license and the shoes , Anderson said . He said the marks indicate that "  animals possibly -LSB- moved -RSB- the body . " Previous DNA tests on what were believed to be bone fragments at and near the crash site showed that the fragments were n't human remains , Anderson said . The National Transportation Safety Board has been investigating the wreck . Fossett made his money in the financial services industry but became renowned for his daredevil exploits . Read about Fossett 's milestones " Fossett was the first person to circle the globe solo in a balloon , in 2002 , and the first to fly a plane around the world solo without refueling three years later . He also set world records in round-the-world sailing and cross-country skiing .	Bones were found more than a half-mile from plane wreck site in California DNA testing confirms bones are Fossett 's , authorities say Adventurer disappeared after 2007 solo flight ; wreckage found last month
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq 's parliament has passed a $ 58.8 billion budget for 2009 after cutting $ 3.2 billion from government spending because of weak oil prices , a Iraqi lawmaker said . The Iraqi presidential council , including Iraqi President Jalal Talabani , still must approve the spending plan . The three-member Iraqi presidential council , including Iraqi President Jalal Talabani and his two deputies , still needs to approve the spending plan . The budget , adopted Thursday , was calculated based on $ 50 a barrel , said Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman . Crude oil currently is trading around $ 44 a barrel , and Iraq 's oil-dominated economy has taken a beating due to the world financial downturn . According to the Iraqi parliament Web site , Iraq still would expect to run up a deficit in 2009 of about $ 15 billion . The original budget proposals made in July totaled $ 79 billion . As a part of the trimming of government spending , Othman said that the Iraqi parliament voted to reduce the salaries of key officials by 20 percent . Those affected include members of the presidential council , including the speaker of the parliament and his two deputies , the Iraqi president and his two vice presidents , the prime minister and his two deputies and the chairman of the judiciary council and his two deputies . The Iraqi parliament also voted to cut lawmakers ' own salaries by 10 percent . The 10 percent cut also will affect other high-ranking government officials . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Iraqi lawmakers reportedly OK $ 58.8 billion budget for 2009 Weak oil prices force $ 3.2 billion cut in spending , Kurdish lawmaker says Three-member Iraqi presidential council still must approve the plan Oil-dominated economy takes a beating due to global financial downturn
The United States will defend against efforts to remove a giant cross atop a war memorial in Southern California over claims it violates the constitutional separation of church and state , according to a petition filed this week with the U.S. Supreme Court . It 's the latest legal salvo in the decades-long battle over the cross on the memorial at Mount Soledad in San Diego . The legal battle has pitted veterans and caretakers of the memorial against the city and those who say it violates the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment . The court filing by the Department of Justice on Wednesday comes after the Mount Soledad Memorial Association petitioned the Supreme Court to settle , once and for all , the constitutional question about the cross . " ... The United States remains fully committed to preserving the Mount Soledad cross as an appropriate memorial to our nation 's veterans , " the Justice Department petition said . Long legal battle The legal wrangling follows a ruling by a U.S. district judge in December that ordered the cross be taken down from the memorial . But the judge stayed his ruling while the case was appealed . In the petition filed this week , lawyers for the Obama administration warned if the district court reinstated the order that the cross be removed , they would take the issue to the highest court in the nation . The cross was erected in 1954 in honor of Korean War veterans and has been the subject of near constant judicial back-and-forth since 1989 , when two Vietnam War veterans filed suit saying it violated the California Constitution 's "  No Preference " clause . Since that first lawsuit , the city of San Diego twice tried selling the property beneath the cross to the Mount Soledad Memorial Association , only to be stopped by the courts . In 2004 , the parties involved reached an agreement that would have moved the cross to a nearby church , but two congressmen intervened and inserted a rider into the 2005 omnibus budget bill that designated the property a national veterans ' memorial and authorized the federal government to accept the donation of the property . This led to more fights and more court filings . Congress intervenes The fight became so contentious that Congress attempted in 2006 to solve the problem by taking control of the land and designating it a national memorial . Three congressmen pushed through a bill calling for the government to seize the property by eminent domain -- calling it "  a historically significant war memorial . " The federal government took possession in August of that year . But that was followed by more lawsuits , including one filed by Vietnam veterans Steve Trunk and now-deceased Philip K. Paulson and another filed by the ACLU on behalf of the Jewish War Veterans of the United States . The suits sought to stop the transfer of property to the government , saying the Christian cross atop the memorial violated the Establishment Clause that prohibits the government from taking a position on one religion over another . The district court has since consolidated the cases .	The Obama administration says it will fight attempts to remove a cross from a war memorial The cross sits atop a memorial on Mount Soledad in San Diego It was erected in 1954 to honor Korean War veterans It has been the subject of two decades of legal wrangling
CNN  CNN has learned that the manufacturer of the endoscope involved in two superbug deaths at UCLA never obtained permission to sell the device , according to an official at the Food and Drug Administration . Olympus started selling its TJF-Q180V duodenoscope in 2010 , but the FDA did n't notice until late 2013 or early 2014 that the company had never asked for clearance to put it on the market , according to Karen Riley , deputy director of strategy for the FDA 's Office of External Affairs . "  Why did n't we notice it ? I do n't know , " Riley said . "  Can you imagine a prescription drug getting out on the market that did n't go through the approval process ? " asked Dr. Steven Nissen , the chief of cardiovascular medicine at the Cleveland Clinic , who 's testified to Congress about device safety problems . "  Devices need to be regulated more vigorously . This is really disturbing . " In a statement , Olympus said it did n't think needed the FDA 's permission to sell the device , but now at the request of the agency , it has applied for that permission . That application is still pending . Seven hospital patients at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center were infected with the deadly superbug CRE -- also known as carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae -- from October to January , according to hospital officials . Two of those patients died . The patients caught CRE after routine endoscopic treatments . Hospital officials believe two medical scopes that still carried the deadly bacteria even after disinfection guidelines were followed were the cause of the superbug outbreak . The medical center has contacted 179 others who had endoscopic procedures between October and January and is offering them home tests to screen for the bacteria . Four other patients at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles have also been infected with the superbug linked to a contaminated duodenoscope , according to a statement released by the hospital . The medical scope was used in all four patients , between August and January 2015 . Sixty-four other patients who had a duodenoscope procedure with that particular scope are being informed by mail , "  out of an abundance of caution . " According to FDA rules , a manufacturer must seek clearance for a new model if it includes changes that "  could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device . " The TJF-Q180V duodenoscope , used to check out ducts in the gastrointestinal system , includes a modification to the exact part of the device that 's been implicated in the superbug outbreaks . With this new model , Olympus sealed up that part of the device , known as the elevator channel , hoping to make it more impervious to infection . "  The company clearly made these modifications to make the device safer , but it seems to be that it was n't safer , " Riley said . Last year , at the FDA 's request , Olympus applied for permission to sell the scope . That application is still pending . Riley emphasized that duodenoscope procedures can be lifesaving , so the agency does n't want to take them off the market . "  More than 500,000 of these procedures are done every year in the U.S. , and the risk of bacterial transmission is actually really very , very low , " she said . "  We believe the benefits outweigh the risks . " In its statement , Olympus wrote : "  The emergence of drug-resistant microorganisms is a challenge to the entire health care community . Olympus is working with relevant medical societies and our customers in research of this emerging issue and the development of additional safeguards to prevent infection associated with -LSB- duodenoscope procedures -RSB- . " Riley noted that the other two duodenoscope manufacturers , Pentax and Fujifilm , did apply for and were granted clearance to market models similar to Olympus ' TJF-Q180V . Now the FDA is asking all three companies to submit evidence that the scopes can be thoroughly cleaned -- and so far it 's not going well . Riley said twice the companies have submitted data that failed to show that cleaning could get rid of 99.9999 % of all microbes on the scope -- the FDA 's standard for disinfection . "  We 're still working with them to get good data , " she said . Riley said she does n't know if the FDA will penalize Olympus for selling the device without permission . Diana Zuckerman , a device safety expert , said they should . "  It 's like with kids . How do you teach your children to behave if there are no consequences when they misbehave ? " she said .	FDA official says Olympus never got permission to sell its endoscope Medical device is connected to CRE outbreak in California that 's left two people dead
CNN  -- A judge dismissed charges against polygamist leader Warren Jeffs on Wednesday after the Mohave County , Arizona , prosecutor requested they be thrown out , citing "  much more serious charges " against Jeffs in Texas and the desire of his alleged victims that he "  face these more serious charges as soon as possible . " Jeffs , the leader and "  prophet " of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , had been awaiting trial in Arizona on four charges of being an accomplice to sexual conduct with a minor . He was indicted in Texas in 2008 on a felony charge of sexual assault of a child . The indictment accuses Jeffs of assaulting a child "  younger than 17 years of age and not legally married to the defendant " in January 2005 . The FLDS first became known to many when Jeffs was arrested during a routine traffic stop in August 2006 . At the time , Jeffs was on the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted list . The FLDS is a 10,000-member offshoot of the mainstream Mormon church . Its members openly practice polygamy at the Yearning for Zion Ranch in Eldorado , Texas , and in two towns straddling the Utah-Arizona state line : Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona . Critics of the sect say young girls are forced into "  spiritual " marriages with older men and are sexually abused . Sect members have denied that any sexual abuse takes place . Before being moved to Arizona , Jeffs was convicted in Utah in 2007 on two counts of being an accomplice to rape . He was accused of using his religious influence over his followers to coerce a 14-year-old girl into marrying her 19-year-old cousin . He was sentenced to two consecutive prison terms of five years to life . If convicted on the Texas charges , Jeffs could face a maximum penalty of five to 99 years or life in prison and a fine of $ 10,000 .	Polygamist leader 's alleged victims want him to face "  more serious charges " in Texas Jeffs faces a felony charge of sexual assault of a child in Texas He is leader of FLDS , a Mormon church offshoot that openly practices polygamy He was convicted of being an accomplice to rape in Utah in 2007
Health.com  -- The rituals of college -- making new friends , studying until dawn , excessive partying -- can stress out any young adult . But students with bipolar disorder , or those at risk for the condition , are even more vulnerable in a college environment . Academic pressures , social concerns , and sleep disruptions can lead to bouts of depression as well as mania , the euphoric , revved-up state characteristic of bipolar disorder . Without the right treatment and support , bipolar college students face higher dropout rates , drug and alcohol abuse , and even suicide . "  The new structure and new stresses for -LSB- bipolar -RSB- students who leave home to go to school sometimes can trigger problems and relapses , " says Dr. Richard Kadison , M.D. , the chief of mental health services at Harvard University and the author of "  College of the Overwhelmed : The Campus Mental Health Crisis and What to Do About It . " Health.com : 5 relapse triggers to watch for These stresses , he adds , can also trigger mania in students who have an underlying vulnerability to bipolar disorder . "  Oftentimes , the first manic episode occurs in college , " Kadison says . At its most severe , bipolar disorder is a dangerous condition that can lead to psychotic episodes and hospitalization . Milder forms of the disorder can cause problems as well , and can interfere with academic success . A 2006 study in the Journal of Affective Disorders compared a group of bipolar adults with a group of healthy adults who had similar IQs and social backgrounds . More than 60 percent of both groups entered college , but their achievements differed greatly : Nearly half of the control group received a college degree , compared to just 16 percent of the bipolar group . Students with bipolar disorder can survive -- and even thrive -- in college , but doing so requires a plan . Taking the proper medications , arranging for the appropriate counseling and medical care on campus , avoiding drugs and alcohol , maintaining a steady sleep and study schedule , and finding sources of peer support are all crucial and can make the difference between achieving your goals and dropping out . Health.com : 9 strategies for controlling bipolar disorder A breeding ground for bipolar symptoms Jennifer , 24 , was diagnosed with bipolar disorder during her senior year of high school in Rochester , N.Y. , but it was n't until she left the support of her family and went away to college that the disease threatened her life . During the first weeks of her freshman year , she felt isolated and alone . She quit the soccer team and stopped going to classes . She started to stockpile medications and alcohol . In October , she drove to a nearby apple orchard , downed the pills and alcohol , and passed out . She woke up in the hospital after spending three days in a coma .  A passerby had seen her taillights , found her unconscious , and rushed her to the hospital , where she was medevaced to a larger hospital . Jennifer says she remembers being angry to be alive . "  I kept telling my family and friends that I was OK , but I was planning my suicide , " says Jennifer , who later returned to the University of North Carolina , Wilmington . "  I had so much support back home -- and then , in this new place , I did n't even know where the counseling center was . " Numerous aspects of college life can trigger a manic or depressive episode . Sleep deprivation and the keeping of irregular hours -- both common practices on college campuses -- are known to trigger mania , while binge drinking and the use of substances such as marijuana can cause depression . Health.com : Booze , drugs , and bipolar disorder Stress , whether it stems from the pressure to succeed academically or to fit in socially , can trigger mania as well . According to Russell Federman , Ph.D , the director of Counseling and Psychological Services at the University of Virginia student health center , the desire to fit in and conform to the college lifestyle can cause some bipolar students to abandon healthy behaviors -- even their medications . College life often reveals the symptoms of bipolar disorder for the first time , particularly for those at risk of the condition who have not yet been diagnosed .  The college years , in fact , overlap with the stage in life in which bipolar disorder typically first appears -- between 19 and 23 years old , according to some estimates . James , 22 , experienced his first manic episode at the University of Tennessee , Knoxville . His lifestyle was less than healthy : In college he smoked a lot of marijuana and experimented with hallucinogenic mushrooms and a drug similar to LSD . He had a serious depressive episode his freshman year , and then , in the winter of his sophomore year , he entered a full-blown manic episode with psychosis . "  I thought I was having an existential breakthrough , but it was really a manic high , " James says . Health.com : What is mania in bipolar disorder ? Federman says that the symptoms of bipolar disorder do not appear spontaneously . "  The lifestyle irregularities and the stresses of college life do n't in and of themselves cause bipolar disorder , " he explains . "  You need a genetic vulnerability for bipolar disorder to emerge . But if you 've got that vulnerability , the lifestyle irregularities of the first and second year of college can certainly be a precipitant . " Strategies for managing bipolar disorder Students who have been diagnosed with a bipolar spectrum disorder can take steps to minimize the risk of a relapse and stay balanced . Perhaps the most important step is to make sure you have a support system at school , which usually means connecting with the medical and counseling staff on campus . Students who attend school away from home may choose to maintain contact with their existing psychiatrist , but experts urge students to also make contact with campus health services . "  Even if a student with bipolar disorder has what they consider to be their primary health provider at home , they need to have someone at college as well , " says Elizabeth Gong-Guy , Ph.D , the director of counseling and psychological services at UCLA . "  And if a student with bipolar disorder is looking at a college in a rural community , they need to be proactive about what their local access to psychiatric care will be . " Having a psychiatrist close at hand is n't important only for emergencies . In fact , bipolar students who have been stabilized on medication while at home may need to fine-tune their prescriptions while at school . "  Students sometimes need adjustments to their medication in the new environment , " Kadison says . "  It varies a lot , depending on the resiliency of the student , the supports that are already in place , and how much of an academic challenge the student is facing . " Health.com : How the right drugs can treat bipolar disorder Campus health services also provide counseling , which can help students cope with the emotional stress of living with bipolar disorder . Just as important , counseling can teach students everyday strategies for managing their symptoms . In his 2010 book , "  Facing Bipolar : The Young Adult 's Guide to Dealing With Bipolar Disorder " , Federman outlines what he calls the "  four S 's of bipolar stability " : structure , stress management , sleep management , and self-monitoring . This framework entails setting -- and sticking to -- a regular schedule of studying and sleep , and learning to recognize the signs that you are beginning to drift into mania or hypomania . Stacy , 26 , who graduated from Rutgers University in May 2008 , has what her doctor calls bipolar type III , a diagnosis that typically describes a form of hypomania associated with antidepressants . Health.com : Bipolar is one disorder with many faces Dealing with depressive episodes in college , Stacy never knew when she was going to crash , so she made sure to do her assignments well ahead of time . She also talked to her professors on the first day of class about her mental health and documented her case at disability services on campus . Students tend to associate such resources with physical disabilities , but these centers often help students with mental health disorders as well . "  I felt OK about sharing with professors , and they were great about working with me , " Stacy says . "  Be prepared to encounter people who do n't understand , but try to get the college behind you . " Other sources of support on campus In addition to campus health services , peer counseling can be a valuable source of support . Jennifer began leading a National Alliance on Mental Illness  NAMI  support group on her campus because she does n't want students to feel as alone as she did her freshman year . She advises students with mental illness to reach out . "  We want to make people more aware of the counseling office at orientation , " she says . "  One of our major messages is , ` You are not alone . ' " Health.com : Avoiding the stigma of depression and bipolar disorder James took a semester off from school and spent a summer at a community college near his home before returning to the University of Tennessee , Knoxville in the fall of 2008 . As a senior , he communicated often with his doctor and parents , a strategy that helped him remain stable . He tried to schedule his classes in the middle of the day to facilitate a regular sleep schedule , and he did his best to avoid alcohol and drugs . However , he struggled to find a group of peers who have dealt with mental health problems . In addition to NAMI , an organization called Active Minds is trying to open the dialogue about mental illness on college campuses . Founded by Alison Malmon in 2001 , following the suicide of her older brother , the organization now has more than 200 chapters nationwide . Active Minds organizes events such as National Day Without Stigma and has partnered with the Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance to create peer support groups on college campuses . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Students with bipolar disorder are even more vulnerable in college The National Alliance on Mental Illness support group helps students worldwide Academic pressures , social concerns , and sleep disruptions can lead to depression
Alexandria , Egypt  CNN  -- Can jumping spiders still hunt for their prey in space ? It may sound like science fiction or the start of a bad joke , but this is an experiment that will be carried out on the International Space Station later this year , thanks to Egyptian teenager Amr Mohamed . Mohamed , 19 , from Alexandria , came up with one of the two winning entries from around the world for the YouTube Space Lab competition , backed by Professor Stephen Hawking , which asked students to design experiments for space scientists . The idea behind Mohamed 's experiment is to study how the zebra spider , which jumps on its prey rather than building a web , will hunt when it is in zero gravity . It was conceived through Mohamed 's fascination with both science and spiders . "  I 'm just interested in how things work , and science seems to answer all my questions , " said Mohamed . "  For example , physics can explain the world with just a handful of equations . And biology tells you how your body works . I 'm just interested in that stuff . " Mohamed only heard about the Space Lab competition three days before the deadline , so he designed and made a YouTube video of his idea in a single day . He said he was reading about which animals had been in space , and discovered orb weaver spiders among them . "  They were very interesting because they build the knots differently , " said Mohamed . "  So I say , OK , they can survive , let 's make things a little harder . Let 's get a kind of spider that ca n't build webs in space and that actually gravity is a factor in the way it hunts , so that 's how the idea came . "  I just started writing a script and turned the camera on and explained my experiment and edited the video and it was online before the day was over . " Mohamed was announced as a regional finalist and after a week of public voting was invited to Washington DC as a regional winner to experience a zero-gravity flight . Also on Inside the Middle East : The film director who 's not allowed to go to the movies During the trip , Mohamed and a two-girl team from Troy , Michigan , were announced as global winners whose experiments will be taken to the International Space Station . Mohamed is currently taking a gap year before studying at Stanford University , California , in the fall . He said : "  Before the competition , I was just a kid struggling with my A-levels . Out of the huge ocean of the internet , the tide brought me Space Lab . So right now , I know where I want to be . I know who I want to be . " Mohamed 's achievement is particularly impressive as Egypt 's math and science education came 125th out of 139 nations in a World Economic Forum survey . "  There 's not many Egyptians in the field of science and technology , " said Mohamed . "  Egypt is not at the front of innovation . When it comes to technology or science , we 're always consumers , we 're never producers . " Mohamed 's education was disrupted during last year 's revolution , when his school was closed for several months . "  There was so much stress and nobody knew where this was going , " he said . "  We had to protect the streets , so we formed committees to protect the streets . "  I had a curriculum to study , and we did n't know when the revolution was going to end or when this is going to stop , or when the school is going to get back . So we had to go on . I had to study and do the patrolling and and from time to time join the protests . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Mideast women beat men in education Mohamed hopes one day to help change Egyptian attitudes to science through his passion . "  If I 'm going to work in the field of science or technology , I might be able to bring the cultural or regional problems that people of the Middle East have into the field for tackling to solve them , " said Mohamed . Mohamed 's mother , Safaa El Badbooly , saw his potential early . "  Each person rises in a certain field , but for Amr it was reading all along . He read a lot and in everything . He was reading books at age three , " she said . She , too , hopes that after her son has studied abroad , he will return to Egypt to create a better future . "  To benefit his country and maybe start a project like many others who came back and developed Egypt to benefit their own people , " she said . Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer @SchamsCNN and writer Catriona Davies @catrionadavies	Egyptian Amr Mohamed designed an experiment for the YouTube Space Lab competition His experiment to send jumping spiders into space will be carried out on the International Space Station His school was closed for several months during last year 's revolution
CNN  -- Despite some early storms this year , forecasters Thursday predicted a near-normal Atlantic hurricane season with nine to 15 named storms , including four to eight hurricanes and one to three major hurricanes . Gerry Bell , lead hurricane season forecaster at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Climate Prediction Center , told reporters that uncertainty about whether the El Nino weather pattern will form made it difficult to be more precise . The hurricane season runs from June 1 to November 30 . For the Atlantic Ocean , a normal season would produce 12 named storms , including six hurricanes and three major ones . A major hurricane , designated as Category 3 or greater , packs winds of well over 100 miles per hour . Hurricane Bud now a Category 2 In addition , forecasters predicted a near-normal Eastern Pacific hurricane season , with 12 to 18 named storms , including five to nine hurricanes and two to five major hurricanes . An average season in the Eastern Pacific produces 15 named storms , eight hurricanes and four major hurricanes . It is extremely rare for an Eastern Pacific hurricane to affect the U.S. mainland , though some do have an influence on Hawaii . Thursday 's announcement came as Hurricane Bud strengthened to a Category 2 storm as it churned toward the southwestern coast of Mexico in the Eastern Pacific . In addition , Tropical Storm Alberto broke up in the Atlantic this week and another tropical depression was causing heavy rainfall in southern Florida , Bell said . However , he said the early storms were no harbinger of a more active season than normal . CNN 's Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Early storms this year do n't portend a more active season , forecasters say Up to 15 named Atlantic storms are expected , including one to three major hurricanes A major hurricane packs winds well over 100 miles per hour Uncertainty over formation of an El Nino weather pattern affects the prediction
Hong Kong  CNN  -- With a population of 1.3 billion , you 'd think that there would be 11 people in China who are good enough to put up a fight on the football pitch . But apparently not . Since 2002 , the last -- and only -- time it made it to the World Cup finals , Team China has struggled internationally . A nadir came in June last year , when the side lost a home game 5-1 against a Thai side made up largely of youth team players . Their sorry showing on the football pitch is cause for despair , ridicule and frustration . It 's not for lack of trying , however . Imported pedigree It 's often considered an issue of leadership , with flashy , expensive foreign hires typically made to steer the national team . In 2011 , amid towering expectations , ex-Real Madrid legend Jose Antonio Camacho was appointed . He was tasked leading China to the 2014 World Cup , but was instead sacked two years later , following that humiliation at the hands of the Thais . With that result , it was considered that he 'd left the team worse off than when he started . To make matters worse , the Spaniard was then handed a $ 4 million severance package . Others say it 's the national league that is to blame . Trailing far behind Europe 's top leagues in the popularity stakes , the Chinese Super League has again looked outside for help . In order to boost the profile -- and credibility , following a string of attendance-sapping scandals -- of the country 's national league , David Beckham , was recruited to boost China 's footballing spirit . The former Manchester United and England star is the closest thing the sport has to royalty , and enjoys a fanatic following in the mainland ; it was hoped that some of his stardust would rub off on the Super League . Cash injections Another recent push came in the form of the creation of the Evergrande International Football School , which claims to be the world 's largest sporting academy . Property tycoon Xu Jiayin , who owns China 's most successful club , Guangzhou Evergrande F.C. , opened the school in late 2012 to incubate young football talent on a 167-acre campus . Despite these moves , industry insiders say China is a long way from making it back to the World Cup . Disproportionately tiny pool "  Success in football is directly related to the population of football players , " says Rowan Simons , chairman of China Club Football , one of Beijing 's biggest sports networks . The club allows thousands of amateurs -- both Chinese and expatriates -- to play the game every week . Simons has been in China , and playing football there , for 20 years . He is arguably one of the most invested people in the grassroots development of the sport there . He says that , statistically , one great footballer will emerge out of every 200,000 players . Right now , China has anywhere between 7,000 and 50,000 kids involved in football , according to the Chinese Football Association . This compares to nearly four million in the UK . According to these calculations , "  China is likely to have one quarter of a world-class player , " says Simons . Despite the enormous pool from which to select players , growing the footballing population is an huge task . The nation may be crazy about watching the game , but when it comes to playing it , there are hesitations . "  It is n't just China , many countries in Asia do not have a football culture , " says Tom Byer , an American former professional who , in 2012 , was appointed Head Technical Adviser for the Chinese School Football Program Office and Official CSF Grassroots Ambassador . Grassroots development He is currently developing a unique nationwide football program for kindergartens , which will be announced in the fall . He believes that pre-school kids as young as two years old can begin to become familiar with the game . Byer is often credited for making the Japanese team the top Asian contender that it is today , and Chinese football authorities hope that he will have a similarly positive impact . However , it takes more than just appointing coaches or bringing in top stars , he says . "  The only way to really make a change is by empowering the kids and educating the parents . The best players in the world , such as  Cristiano  Ronaldo or  lionel  Messi , they learned technical skills with no coach , " he says . "  It 's not a secret that parents think of sport as a distraction to education . " Not just about the sport He argues that youth involved in sport are more successful , and develop as more rounded , confident individuals . "  We should n't convince people to play sport just to become professional , we should be focusing on sport as a lifestyle . " Simons agrees that kids are key . He says that the reach of elite football schools , such as Evergrande 's new academy , is not sufficient to have the required impact . The coach imagines an ideal future where grassroots football takes off in China , with community-based football clubs in the European mold taking the lead . When he started it 13 years ago , his club was previously exclusively made up of expatriate children . Now , with 3,000 kids on the books , 60 % of them are Chinese . The turning point , he says , was when parents realized that learning the sport would have other benefits . Simons used English language learning through playing football , as his foreign coaches would speak English to the budding footballers . Parents , in turn , hope that the environment will help their little ones learn the international language faster . "  When the kids start playing , they fall in love with the game , and parents see benefits not just of learning English , but also of coordination , fitness , teamwork , loyalty , " he says . He adds that he had a tough time convincing parents of the positives of football , which in China is associated with cheating and match-fixing . . Green shoots of hope Henry Wang and his nine-year-old son Andy have been with China Club Football for three years . "  Because of the one child policy , it is important for Andy to learn how to be with other kids and to learn team spirit , football can teach that , " says Wang . "  Football has given him a lot of confidence . " His son , who is in grade three , is currently one of the top three students in his class . Teen players should also be prioritized , says Byers . He argues that more investment should be made at the bottom of the football hierarchy , instead of boosting only the top professional players . "  The buzz right now should be around the AFC  Asian Football Confederation  under-16 tournament , as this will put  the team  in the under-17 FIFA World Cup , and from there everything will fall into place . " It may end up being a little more complicated than that , but as China looks as if it 's finally ready to embrace change from the ground up , it may not be long until the Chinese national team once again graces the biggest stage of all .	Despite China 's massive population , the country falls far short in terms of footballing prowess Authorities have tried to fix the problem by bringing in flashy stars and plowing money into club facilities Sport attracts huge TV audiences -- especially around the World Cup Experts say the focus needs to be on youth development
CNN  -- When Nucky Thompson shot Jimmy Darmody point blank in the head in last season 's finale of "  Boardwalk Empire , " viewers were shocked : How could a father figure kill his surrogate son ? But this is the land of gangsters and bootleggers , and blood is n't the currency here -- it 's alcohol . That episode , "  To The Lost , " nabbed an Emmy nomination for director Tim Van Patten  amongst its many other nods , including best drama and best actor for Steve Buscemi  , but it also signified a tonal shift in how the characters on this Prohibition-era drama would operate in the next season , which kicks off Sunday , September 16 on HBO : no more Mr. Nice Guy . As the show jumps ahead to New Year 's Eve in 1922 , "  the stakes are higher , " said showrunner Terence Winter . "  The '20s had really started to roar , so it 's when radio was everywhere , music made the charts , and the flapper as we know her started to come out , " Winter said . "  The economy had started to boom , which lead to young people buying cars and traveling more from home . And while a lot of people had stockpiled alcohol , by 1923 , they were running out , so there was a lot more competition  in bootlegging  and it became a lot more violent . It 's the era of the Tommy-gun . " So while Nucky survived an attempted coup on his market share last season , in order to stay on top , he has to try new strategies , which includes streamlining -- instead of selling to multiple buyers , he wants to sell to only one -- and those cut out of the supply line are none too pleased , including a hot-tempered new antagonist named Gyp Rosetti , played by Bobby Cannavale . "  A guy like that , he 's got such a hair trigger , you could end up dead over something you said that you did n't even know was taken as an insult , " Winter said . "  There 's an upcoming line where Nucky says , ` Gyp Rosetti can find an insult in a bouquet of roses . ' " The audience 's introduction to Rosetti comes when he has car trouble , and he requires assistance to fix his tire from a helpful stranger who is out walking his dog to fix his tire . The pooch plays a role in what follows and it 's the type of touch that may give audiences some pretty good insight into Rosetti 's character . "  It 's a very funny idea , " Cannavale said . "  You get to see guys like Nucky who are more professional in the way they go about their work , and this guy , it seems like he might be in the wrong profession , you know ? He 's got a lot of zingers , which is good , because that 's how I 'm like in real life . My favorite line is when I call Steve  Buscemi  ' a breadstick with a bow tie . ' " Nucky takes that one in stride , for now -- but he 's not too keen on taking any guff from his wife Margaret anymore , as he 's not about to forgive her actions last season , when she signed over a tract of land he bought between Atlantic City and Philadelphia to the Catholic Church shortly after their wedding ceremony . Their union is now a shaky one , and Margaret finds herself in a tricky position . "  I 'm just delighted that she 's not passive anymore , " said Kelly Macdonald , who plays Margaret . "  She knows how to look after herself , and she 's becoming stronger . She 's very complex . You never quite know where she 's going to go next . " Married or not , Nucky shares his bed with new flapper/showgirl Billy Kent , played by Meg Steele . "  She 's a fun girl , " Steele said of her character . "  The flappers were n't feminists , but they were enjoying the new-found feminism . So she 's living life to the fullest , and she has her own apartment , her own life . She 's not as needy as  Nucky 's former mistress  Lucy was . " Speaking of Lucy , Winter said it 's "  a long shot " that we 'll see her again , even if her child is now being raised by Michael Shannon 's character . The disgraced Prohibition agent Nelson Van Alden is now living under an assumed name as a door-to-door salesman in Cicero , Illinois , which puts him in proximity with Al Capone 's power base . "  I do n't have a gun , and I do n't make whiskey in my bathtub , so I do n't identify with these people much ! " Shannon laughed . "  But Van Alden is still in hiding . " "  He 's constantly dealing with the fact that he could be caught , arrested , and sent to jail for the rest of his life , " the actor added . "  He 's got a family to take care of . And he lost a pretty good job , so now he 's faced with a pretty harsh economic reality , because it 's a hard time to make a living and support yourself . I do n't think he can really see himself as a lawman anymore . " Like Cannavale 's character , Van Alden is now in a position that 's ripe for both tragedy and comedy , particularly when he accidentally walks into a turf war between Capone and Dean O'Banion , a real-life adversary of Capone 's who also worked as a florist . "  Even if the storyline is dark or something bad happens , it does n't mean it 's not fun to do it , " Shannon said . "  But Van Alden is never going to have an easy time on this show . That 's not why he 's on the show . He 's a tragic character , and the tragedy is going to unfold . " Still reeling from their own personal tragedy , in the aftermath of the deaths of both Jimmy and Angela Darmody , Gillian Darmody and Richard Harrow are raising Tommy Darmody together . This is not without some tension , since Gillian wants to be considered Tommy 's mother , not his grandmother , while Richard tries to help the boy remember Angela . "  I 've become the surrogate au pair , for a lot of it , " said Jack Huston , who plays Harrow . "  I would think Angela would want Tommy to be very far away from Gillian and the kind of opportunities of what that show is about , " laughed Aleksa Palladino , who played Angela . "  Richard is the better parent for Tommy . " But Gillian being Gillian , has always got a scheme up her sleeve . "  For her , it 's about power , " said Gretchen Moll . "  It 's really fun , because that 's not where I love . I 'm not really an angry person . But she 's trying to figure out her next move . It comes out as the season unfolds . " Could that mean a revenge plot against Nucky for killing Jimmy and leaving his son an orphan ? An alliance between Van Alden and Al Capone ? Who will be in power and who will die ? The cast wo n't reveal trade secrets , but they all hint the new season will be more explosive than the last . "  It 's an amazing time for TV drama , " showrunner Winter said . "  It 's daunting to even think we 're competing against "  Breaking Bad , " "  Homeland , " "  Downton Abbey , " "  Game of Thrones , " and "  Mad Men " in any category , let alone best drama . It 's thrilling , and I do n't even mean to sound humble . " "  Was I disappointed about Michael ? Winter said , referring to Michael Pitt , who did n't get nominated for his portrayal of Jimmy Darmody . Yes , because he was terrific , but who knows how this works ? And we have an amazing supportive cast -- Michael K. Williams , Michael Shannon , Michael Stuhlbarg , any other Michael on the show . And you do n't have to be named Michael to be on the show anymore . You can be named Bobby . "	"  Boardwalk Empire " returns on Sunday on HBO "  To The Lost , " nabbed an Emmy nomination for director Tim Van Patten Winter : As the show jumps to New Year 's Eve in 1922 , "  the stakes are higher "
CNN  -- Two people died Tuesday when a single-engine plane crashed into a recreational vehicle park near North Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , a local official said . The crash killed the plane 's pilot and a woman inside a trailer at Briarcliffe RV Resort , according to North Myrtle Beach Public Information Officer Pat Dowling . The woman 's husband was standing outside the trailer when the impact happened around 1 p.m. ET . He was taken to a hospital , Dowling said . Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said the airplane was a Cessna 172 . The pilot had been coming in for a landing at nearby Grand Strand Regional Airport , Dowling said . RV park member Cliff Douglas told CNN affiliate WBTW that he was inside his vehicle playing with his grandson when he heard the airplane 's engine "  screaming full tilt " overhead . "  Almost instantaneously you heard the impact , " he said . Dowling said neither of the dead had been identified .	NEW : A witness says the plane 's engine was "  screaming full tilt " before the accident Two people -- the pilot and a person on the ground -- died in the small-plane crash The crash happened in North Myrtle Beach , South Carolina
Russia became more isolated Tuesday than it has been at any time since the end of the Cold War after new , hard-hitting sanctions were announced by the European Union and the United States , U.S. officials said . U.S. President Barack Obama said the measures would take an "  even bigger bite " out of the stagnant Russian economy than sanctions Washington and the EU had already implemented against Russia over its disputed annexation of Crimea and its support of pro-Russian rebels fighting the Ukrainian government . "  The major sanctions we 're announcing today will continue to ratchet up the pressure on Russia including the cronies and companies supporting Russia 's illegal activities in the Ukraine , " he said from the White House South Lawn . "  In other words , today Russia is once again isolating itself from the international community , setting back decades of genuine progress . " He said the EU sanctions showed to him a waning patience with Russian President Vladimir Putin and the impact of the shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , which had many Europeans among the 298 people on board when it exploded over volatile eastern Ukraine . Some of the new EU sanctions target eight "  cronies " of Putin and three "  entities " by limiting their access to EU capital markets , an EU official said on condition of anonymity . The people and entities will be named Wednesday , the official said . Three state-owned banks named Tuesday by Washington means five of the top six financial institutions in Russia were on the sanctions list , according to a senior Obama administration official . Four-fifths of their debt is in U.S. dollars , the official said . New sanctions will also impact the future of Russia 's important oil businesses with technology licensing restrictions , another senior administration official said . Restrictions will affect Russia 's ability to produce oil from deep-water wells and shale fields , sectors it is only beginning to explore . The sanctions , however , are not part of a new Cold War , Obama said . "  What it is , is a very specific issue related to Russia 's unwillingness to recognize that Ukraine can chart its own path , " Obama said . The EU sanctions also will block new arms contracts between Europe and Russia , prohibit the export of European goods that can be used for both civilian and military purposes and limit the export of energy-related equipment , the EU said in a written statement Tuesday evening . The European Union had previously been reluctant to issue harsher sanctions against Russia because both regions rely on one another for about $ 500 billion in trade and investment each year , according to CNNMoney . "  It is meant as a strong warning : Illegal annexation of territory and deliberate destabilization of a neighboring sovereign country can not be accepted in 21st century Europe , " the European Council 's statement reads . One of the senior administration officials said Russia has n't been this isolated "  since the end of the Cold War . " Obama said Russia could choose a different path . "  It did n't have to come to this . It does not have to be this way , " Obama said . "  This is a choice that Russia and President Putin in particular has made . ... The path for a peaceful resolution to this crisis involves recognizing the sovereignty , the territorial integrity and the independence of the Ukrainian people . " Investigators thwarted again Meanwhile , international investigators and observers were prevented for the third straight day from reaching the MH17 crash site . The Dutch Justice Ministry said its team was unable to leave the city of Donetsk because of violence . The 50-strong team of Dutch and Australian experts , accompanied by monitors from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , was also forced to abandon its attempts to reach the site Sunday and Monday . Dutch investigators have yet to lay eyes on the wreckage or the human remains believed still to be strewn across the huge debris field near the town of Torez . U.S. and Ukrainian officials have said that a Russian-made missile system was used to shoot down MH17 from rebel territory . Russia and the rebels have disputed the allegations and blamed Ukraine for the crash . Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte asked Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko in a phone call Tuesday morning to halt the fighting around the crash site so that investigators can access it , Rutte spokesman Jean Fransman said . Ukraine FM : The bitter lessons of MH17 Reports of ballistic missiles The United States and others say Russia has provided arms to rebels in eastern Ukraine , including heavy weapons such as a missile system like the one believed used to down the Malaysian airliner 12 days ago . Despite previous sanctions , the flow of weapons continues and on Tuesday the fighting appeared to have entered a dangerous new phase . There were reports that Ukraine 's government in the past 48 hours used short-range ballistic missiles against the rebels , three U.S. officials told CNN . The weapons have a range of about 50 miles  80 kilometers  and pack up to 1,000-pound  454-kilogram  warheads . If the reports are accurate , they are the most deadly missiles used in the conflict to date . The U.S. officials did not specify where the missiles hit or what damage they caused . One U.S. official said there has been no reaction from Russia so far . Another of the U.S. officials said using the missiles is "  an escalation , but Ukraine has a right to defend itself . " Ukrainian Foreign Minister Pavlo Klimkin acknowledged that his country 's military has short-range missiles , but denied that the military fired any . In a joint news conference with Klimkin , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry praised Ukrainian officials for proposing a peace plan that includes "  serious and substantive dialogue with the Russian-backed separatists . " Russia : Checkpoint came under fire Russia 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement on its website that a Russian checkpoint had come under fire from Ukrainian forces . It says Ukrainian officers used automatic weapons and grenades at the Gukovo customs checkpoint , causing damage . On Tuesday , Klimkin , the Ukrainian foreign minister , denied that Ukrainian forces had fired into Russia . The defense minister for the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic , Igor Strelkov , said that there had been "  extremely severe " battles between his rebel forces and the Ukrainian military in the area of Shaktarsk and Torez . He said a number of injured rebel fighters , as well as some medical personnel , had been evacuated from Donetsk to Russia . Moscow has denied arming and supporting the rebels , but Strelkov 's words indicate that Russia is serving as a kind of haven for the rebels . Strelkov also denied his fighters had the weapons system needed to shoot down an airliner . How rebels built up an arsenal capable of reaching the skies INTERACTIVE : Is 2014 the deadliest year for flights ? To punish Russia , Europe must be prepared to suffer	President Obama says sanctions will hit Russian arms , energy and finance sectors This is not part of a new Cold War , Obama says EU official : Some of the individuals affected are Putin ` cronies ' Investigators are prevented from reaching the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash site again
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic matched Roger Federer 's feat of three successive titles at the Dubai Tennis Championships by crushing the world No. 2 in Saturday 's final . The Serbian , who also beat Federer in the Australian Open semifinals last month on the way to winning his second grand slam , triumphed 6-3 6-3 in one hour and 11 minutes to clinch the 20th ATP Tour crown of his short career . The 23-year-old , seeded second , claimed the $ 386,000 first prize as he denied his Swiss opponent a fifth title in Dubai and 68th overall . "  Any time I win against Roger it 's a great success because he 's such a great player . We all know how mentally strong of a player he is , " Djokovic , who trailed 3-1 in the second set , told the ATP Tour website . "  To be able to win against Roger in straight sets as I did tonight is incredible , but I want to keep on going . This match has probably been one of the best that I played this year . "  I feel physically well , fit , mentally motivated to do even more coming up to Indian Wells and Miami where I have n't done well in the last years . Going into the match , Federer held a 13-7 career advantage over Djokovic and was 3-2 ahead in finals , but the world No. 3 is now unbeaten in 14 matches going back to December 's Davis Cup final . It was Federer 's second defeat in a Dubai final , having also lost in 2006 to current No. 1 Rafael Nadal before bouncing back to triumph for the fourth time the following year . It was only the third time in the event 's 19 stagings that the top two seeded players had met in the title match . "  This one has been one of the rather disappointing matches for me against him , " Federer said . "  I ca n't play great every time either . So it 's been a tough one , but I 'm not too disappointed . It 's another final for me . I tried tonight -- it just did n't really happen for me . " Meanwhile , women 's No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki suffered a surprise defeat to third-ranked Russian Vera Zvonareva in the final of the Qatar Ladies ' Open on Saturday . The Dane went into the match having not dropped a set all week after reclaiming the top spot from Kim Clijsters on the way to winning the title in Dubai , but lost 6-4 6-4 in Doha . Second seed Zvonareva , the runner-up the last time the tournament was held in 2008 , clinched her 11th WTA Tour victory and leveled her head-to-head record against the 20-year-old Dane at 4-4 . "  Caroline is No. 1 and playing very well . I was just fighting for every point and trying to go for my shots , " Zvonareva told the WTA website . "  This is definitely a special moment for me , especially after that tough match against Daniela  Hantuchova  and another great one against Jelena  Jankovic  . " Wozniacki , who ended 2010 at the top of the rankings before surrendering it briefly to Australian Open champion Clijsters , said she was happy with her week . "  Vera played a great match and a great tournament . I 'm happy to be in the finals -- it was another great tournament for me and I always enjoy being back in Doha . I will be back next year for sure. , " she said .	Second seed Novak Djokovic beats Roger Federer 6-3 6-3 in Dubai final Serbian wins the event for the third year in a row to match Swiss opponent Four-time winner Federer has now been beaten twice in Dubai finals Women 's No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki beaten in Qatar final by Vera Zvonareva
Berlin  CNN  -- German Defense Minister Karl-Theodor Freiherr zu Guttenberg resigned Tuesday , in the wake of claims that he had plagiarized parts of his doctoral dissertation . Guttenberg is quitting all political posts , he said , adding that he was "  taking the step that I would expect others to take . " He said he was stepping down not only because of the dissertation , but because the issue was becoming a distraction . "  When I become the center of attention on the backs of the soldiers who I 'm responsible for , then I can not justify remaining in office , " he said . "  Because the German army , the academic community , and the parties who back me are in danger of being damaged , I am taking the step that I would expect others to take , " he concluded . He 'll stay in place until Chancellor Angela Merkel chooses a replacement , she said , adding she had "  accepted Karl Theodore 's resignation with a heavy heart . "  Now is not the time to speculate about a successor , " she added . The resignation is likely to have a significant effect on Germany 's coalition government . Guttenberg , 39 , is a member of the Christian Social Union party , closely allied with Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union . Guttenberg studied law and politics in Bayreuth and Munich , according to his official biography . He had been defense minister since October 2009 .	NEW : He will stay in place until a successor is chosen , Chancellor Angela Merkel says The resignation could affect Merkel 's government Karl-Theodor Freiherr zu Guttenberg is quitting all political posts , he says He is accused of copying parts of his doctoral dissertation
CNN  -- The company was founded in 1985 by seven communications industry veterans -- Franklin Antonio , Adelia Coffman , Andrew Cohen , Klein Gilhousen , Irwin Jacobs , Andrew Viterbi and Harvey White . One of Qualcomm 's first products was OmniTRACS , introduced in 1988 , which is currently the largest satellite-based commercial mobile system for the transportation industry . Today , Qualcomm 's patent portfolio includes approximately 6,100 United States patents and patent applications for CDMA and related technologies . More than 130 telecommunications equipment manufacturers worldwide have licensed QUALCOMM 's essential CDMA patents . Qualcomm is among the members of the S&P 500 Index , Fortune 500 , and a winner of the U.S. Department of Labor 's " Secretary of Labor 's Opportunity Award . " The company has been listed among Fortune 's "  100 Best Companies to Work For in America " for nine years in a row and the magazine 's list of " Most Admired Companies . " Qualcomm 's Annual revenue for 2006 was $ 7.53 billion , with a net income of $ 2.47 billion . E-mail to a friend	The company has become a huge name in communications in just 20 years Qualcomm has a portfolio of approximately 6,100 U.S. patents Fortune lists the company as one of the 100 best places to work in the U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- Leaders of the different branches of the U.S. armed forces gave sharply divergent answers to the Senate Armed Services Committee on Friday when asked whether the military 's controversial "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy should be repealed , and what the consequences of a repeal might be . They appeared united , however , in their belief that a repeal would be better handled if ordered by congressional legislation rather than a ruling from the courts . The strongest resistance to allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly came from Marine Corps Commandant Gen. James Amos , who warned of potentially strong repercussions in terms of unit cohesion . "  If the law is changed , successfully implementing repeal and assimilating openly homosexual Marines into the tightly woven fabric of our combat units has strong potential for disruption at the small unit level , as it will no doubt divert leadership attention away from an almost singular focus of preparing units for combat , " Amos told the committee members . Army Chief of Staff Gen. George Casey said a repeal of the policy could be implemented with a "  moderate risk to our military effectiveness and the long-term health of the force . " "  I believe the law should be repealed eventually , " he said , but the question "  is one of timing . " Casey said he "  would not recommend going forward at this time , given everything the Army has on its plate . " Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Norton Schwartz said he believes the law should be repealed "  at some point ... perhaps 2012 " but it would not be prudent to pursue "  full implementation  of a repeal  in the near-term . " Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Gary Roughead recommended a repeal of the policy , noting that 76 % of sailors are either neutral or feel positively about a repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " Coast Guard Commandant Adm. Robert Papp noted that a majority of members in his branch of the service appeared not have a problem with a repeal , but that "  prudence dictates " proceeding with caution . Gen. James Cartwright , the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said he believes implementation of a repeal would involve a "  manageable risk with regard to military effectiveness . " even in light of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . In fact , Cartwright argued , the ongoing conflicts may make a repeal of the policy easier . During a conflict , members of the military "  rely on the warrior ethos " of their fellow soldiers , and lifestyle concerns are diminished . The service chiefs were summoned to testify in the wake of a newly released Pentagon study which concluded that allowing openly gay or lesbian troops to serve in the military would have little lasting impact on the U.S. armed forces . Opposition to the change , however , appeared to be much higher in Army and Marine combat units than in the military as a whole . Arizona Sen. John McCain , the committee 's top Republican , said at Friday 's hearing that the divergent military opinions reinforced his view that more debate is warranted . He also predicted that 41 other senators -- enough to prevent the issue from coming up for a final Senate vote -- would oppose legislation repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " "  Our economy is in the tank and the American people want that issue addressed , " McCain said , referencing GOP demands to extend the Bush tax cuts before Congress tackles other issues . "  And the military is functioning in the most efficient , most professional , most courageous fashion than at any time in our history . ... We should n't be exercising a rush to judgment . " But Michigan Sen. Carl Levin , the Democratic chairman of the committee , said he remains a staunch of advocate of a repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " Levin said there was greater resistance to allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly in the British and Canadian militaries than there is in U.S. armed forces today . But now , he noted , gays and lesbians are allowed to serve openly in both countries , and there has been "  no evidence " of diminished combat effectiveness as a result . One key GOP moderate -- Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown -- announced his intention Friday to support a repeal . "  When a soldier answers the call to serve , and risks life or limb , it has never mattered to me whether they are gay or straight , " Brown said . "  Having reviewed the Pentagon report , having spoken to active and retired military service members , and having discussed the matter privately with Defense Secretary  Robert  Gates and others , I accept the findings of the report and support repeal based on  Gates '  recommendations that repeal will be implemented only when the battle effectiveness of the forces is assured and proper preparations have been completed . " President Barack Obama , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen and Gates all support a repeal of the policy . Mullen told the Armed Services Committee Thursday that he believes that even among those combat forces , a transition to a new law is possible . "  Should repeal occur , some soldiers and Marines may want separate shower facilities . Some may ask for different berthing . Some may even quit the service . We 'll deal with that . But I believe , and history tells , that most of them will put aside personal proclivities for something larger than themselves and for each other , " he said . With just weeks left for this Congress , the calendar could be the biggest factor weighing on whether the law is repealed or upheld . The House has already approved the repeal . Now , with Armed Service Committee hearings over , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , must decide whether to keep legislative language calling for a repeal in a larger Defense authorization bill or strip it off for a separate vote . Despite McCain 's assertions , some Democrats have expressed cautious optimism they can find the 60 votes needed to overcome a potential Senate GOP filibuster against the measure . Gay rights groups are pressuring Democratic leaders to find a way to pass the repeal before the end of the year . Once more conservative Republicans take over the House and pick up several seats in the Senate in January , there will be little chance to change the current policy , they warn . GOP calls for more debate , many of them argue , are little more than another way to kill the measure . "  I think given the testimony by members of the military that they still have serious reservations about repealing ` do n't ask , do n't tell , ' Democrats have to be very concerned about the chances for a full repeal this session , " said Wendy Schiller , a Brown University political scientist . "  The last thing they need , and more acutely the last thing President Obama needs , is a long protracted filibuster by the Republicans on this issue to close out the lame duck session . " A top congressional analyst , the Brookings Institution 's Thomas Mann , said that there are likely enough votes in the Senate to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and that "  the only hurdle , and it 's a big one , is time . " "  Cloture takes a lot of time and this is only one of many issues on the plate of the lame duck , " said Mann , referring to the procedure by which the Senate ends debate on legislation . "  If it goes over to the next Congress , it will likely take a serious threat of judicial action against  do n't ask , do n't tell  to get it to move . " Schiller contended that , for supporters of a repeal , "  what is daunting is the real possibility that ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' falls victim to presidential politics . " "  Given a choice between emphasizing and winning policy battles on the economy and allowing gays to serve openly in the military , the good money bet is on the economy , " she said . "  If Obama is worried about getting independents and moderate Democrats back into the fold for 2012 , he may give up the fight only because that core constituency will want to see all of his energy devoted to the economy and not distracted by what the public sees as essentially a gay rights issue . " But on the other hand , Schiller pointed out , "  what 2010 showed is that if the Democratic base stays home , Obama ca n't win re-election . So how tied is the Democratic base to repealing the ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy ? That is the $ 64,000 question . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Sen. Scott Brown , R-Massachusetts , says he supports a repeal McCain predicts that over 40 senators will oppose a bill repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell " Different service leaders present different views on repeal The head of the Marine Corps appeared most resistant to repealing the policy
EW.com  -- Jay-Z 's got a lot of reasons to smile this week . First off , he 's married to Beyonc  . Still ! But more immediately , the man 's latest effort , Magna Carta Holy Grail , is killing it commercially : Soundscan reports that the album moved a blockbuster 527,000 copies in its first week , giving Jay the 13th No. 1 album of his career . EW : Jay-Z shoots video at art gallery That number exceeds the high-profile bows of Daft Punk 's Random Access Memories  339,000 its first week out  , and Kanye West 's Yeezus  327,000  . It 's still , however , lower to the year 's biggest debut , Justin Timberlake 's The 20/20 Experience , which notched 968,000 . Regardless , Jay himself  plus the RIAA  considers MCHG to be already platinum thanks to the downloads its Samsung app garnered , so there 's that too . EW : Jay-Z 's ` Magna Carta Holy Grail ' - What do you think ? And there 's yet another front Hov has dominated : Spotify . MCHG snagged the record for the most first-week streams on the platform , with 14 million album streams tallied up in the United States alone . That performance outlaps the previous record-holders , Daft Punk 's RAM  9.5 million  and Mumford & Sons ' Babel  8 million  . MCHG also broke Spotify 's record for most single-day streams . Also this weekend , his stadium tour with Timberlake begins its American run with two dates at Yankee Stadium . As Mrs. Carter might say , bow down , b ** ches . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The rapper just scored his 13th No. 1 album He also had the most first-week streams on Spotify Jay-Z 's stadium tour begins this weekend
CNN  -- Soccer stars Zinedine Zidane and Kaka will take part in a charity match to help raise funds for the the victims of the Haiti earthquake . The two former world footballers of the year will be among 40 internationals lining up for the United Nations Development Programme 's annual game , which will be held in Lisbon , Portugal on Monday . The seventh staging of the UNDP Match Against Poverty will feature two Haitians , Jean Sony and Joseph Peterson , who play for Portuguese clubs . Blog : Haiti can expect sporting support Zidane , who won the World Cup with France in 1998 and retired from top-level football in 2006 , is a UNDP Goodwill Ambassador along with former Brazil star Ronaldo . Ronaldo is unavailable as he is starting a new domestic season this weekend with his club Corinthians , so compatriot and Real Madrid star Kaka will take his place in Zidane 's team . Michael Laudrup , named Denmark 's best footballer of all time by his national association in 2006 , will also play alongside Dutchmen Edgar Davids , Patrick Kluivert and Phillip Cocu , Portugal 's Luis Figo , Czech veteran Pavel Nedved and Romania legend Gheorghe Hagi . The opposition , the Benfica All-Star line-up , will feature Portuguese football hero Eusebio along with more recent top names such as Rui Costa and Nuno Gomes . The U.N. said all proceeds will go toward relief and reconstruction efforts in Haiti , which was devastated by a magnitude 7.0 quake on January 12 that has killed least 72,000 people and left many more homeless . The match is also intended to focus attention on the U.N. 's Millennium Development Goals adopted in 2000 , which seek to halve world poverty by 2015 .	Soccer stars Zinedine Zidane and Kaka will take part in a charity match to help Haiti They will appear in United Nations ' annual Match Against Poverty in Lisbon The seventh staging of the event will see all proceeds go to earthquake relief efforts Forty international players will feature in the match , including Portuguese legend Eusebio
EW.com  -- A couple of high-profile openers could n't force the animals of "  Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted " into their cages . The animated comedy topped the box office once again this weekend , while "  Rock of Ages " and "  That 's My Boy " delivered majorly disappointing debuts . Dreamworks ' $ 145 million effort "  Madagascar 3 " roared a second time following its $ 60.3 million start . The CG-animated film dipped 41 percent to $ 35.5 million this frame . That 's better than the second weekend decline of its predecessor , "  Madagascar : Escape 2 Africa , " which fell by 45 percent and had earned a slightly softer $ 116.9 million at the same point in its run . "  Madagascar 3 " has grossed $ 120.5 million over ten days , and is headed to a $ 180 million finish domestically . Worldwide , the 3-D film has grossed a robust $ 278 million , and will likely finish near $ 600 million . Ridley Scott 's "  Alien " prequel "  Prometheus " finished in second place for its second weekend , despite dropping by a hefty 60 percent to $ 20.2 million . Fox 's $ 130 million sci-fi thriller has earned $ 88.9 million since invading theaters 10 days ago , and it may struggle to match it production budget domestically . Thankfully , the conversation-spurring flick has found $ 92.7 million overseas , giving it a worldwide total of $ 181.6 million . Although many prognosticators expected "  Rock of Ages " to vie for the number one spot this weekend , the hair-metal Broadway adaptation could n't convince audiences to join the mosh pit . Ages dropped like a rock , earning an abysmal $ 15.1 million in its debut -- far less than comparative Broadway adaptations like "  Mamma Mia ! " , which began with $ 27.8 million in 2008 and "  Hairspray "  also directed by "  Rock of Ages ' " helmer Adam Shankman  , which started with $ 27.5 million in 2007 . Warner Bros. says the film cost $ 65 million to produce , and there 's little chance it can match its production budget domestically after audiences , which skewed heavily female and decisively older , issued the film a mediocre "  B " CinemaScore grade , suggesting that it wo n't benefit from word-of-mouth . Some are claiming that Rock of Ages ' awful debut is a sign that Tom Cruise , who plays rocker Stacee Jaxx , may have lost his Midas touch at the box office . While the A-list star appeared heavily in ads for the film , in all actuality , he only serves as a minor character , and the musical is so far outside his action/drama wheelhouse that it 's not a totally apt criticism . If there 's a star to blame here  and , to be clear , I 'm not sure there is -- I 'd bet the amateur look and sound of the movie is what kept audiences away  , it 's lead actress Julianne Hough , whose first three music-and-dance features since leaving "  Dancing with the Stars " have all been relative box office disappointments . "  Burlesque " found just $ 39.4 million in 2010 , and "  Footloose " achieved only $ 51.8 million last year -- not a terrible result given its $ 24 million budget , but far below expectations . Hough may be Hollywood 's go-to starlet for dance-heavy roles , but she 's not yet a legitimate box office draw , and her "  Rock of Ages " co-lead , Diego Boneta , certainly is not either . In fourth , Universal 's $ 170 million tentpole "  Snow White and the Huntsman " dipped just 40 percent  following a 59 percent decline last weekend  to $ 13.8 million in its third weekend . The Kristen Stewart/Charlize Theron showdown has earned $ 122.6 million so far  and another $ 124.6 million internationally  and seems headed for a finish of about $ 145 million domestically and $ 325 million worldwide . Whether those grosses are fair enough to justify the "  Snow White " sequel reportedly in the works seems doubtful . Rounding out the top five is Adam Sandler 's latest , "  That 's My Boy , " which , despite the presence of Saturday Night Live favorite Andy Samberg , earned only $ 13 million over Father 's Day weekend . That 's about half of what Sandler 's last comedy , the Razzie-festooned "  Jack and Jill , " earned in its debut  $ 25 million  , and his smallest opening for a traditional live-action comedy since "  Happy Gilmore 's " $ 8.6 million bow in 1996 . "  That 's My Boy " received a discouraging "  B - " CinemaScore grade from audiences  which were 54 percent male  , with patrons under 18 giving the raunchy title an "  A - " and those 50 and up issuing it a "  D - . " If "  That 's My Boy " did n't carry an R-rating , perhaps more enthusiastic youngsters would have turned out over the weekend . The failure of "  That 's My Boy , " which cost Sony about $ 70 million , marks a pivotal moment in Sandler 's career . For years , he reigned as the most consistent box office draw in Hollywood . Though his comedies -- like "  Mr. Deeds "  which earned $ 126.3 million  , "  Click "  $ 137.4 million  , and "  Grown Ups "  $ 162 million  -- were usually critical misfires , they almost always opened in the $ 30-40 million range  or higher  , and reaped major profits . It 's not just that Sandler was starring in these films , either -- he executive produced each of his 12 comedies that has earned over $ 100 million domestically . As a business-oriented filmmaker , no one could knock Sandler . But something changed with the release of Jack and Jill in late 2011 . Critics utterly savaged the cross-dressing comedy , and audiences who had been willing to laugh at the silly antics of Sandler 's amateur man-baby characters decided they had had enough . Jack and Jill became the star 's first live-action comedy  I 'm not including dramedies "  Funny People , " "  Punch Drunk Love , " or "  Spanglish " -- none of which Sandler produced  to miss the $ 100 million mark since 2000  s Little Nicky , and Jack and Jill finished with a weak $ 74.2 million . "  That 's My Boy " will be lucky to earn even half that amount . It seems that Sandler  and his longtime studio partner Sony  may need to rethink their strategy moving forward . His formula worked wonders at the box office for 15 years , but Sandler 's shine is wearing off , and many of his formerly faithful paying customers are no longer amused . Elsewhere on the chart , "  Men in Black 3 " took in another $ 10 million and passed the $ 150 million mark . After four weekends , the $ 230 million production  though unceasing rumors suggest the budget was much higher  has earned $ 152.6 million domestically and $ 544.3 million worldwide . In limited release , Wes Anderson 's "  Moonrise Kingdom " continued its remarkable run . Following an expansion from 96 to 178 theaters , the indie ticked up 40 percent to $ 2.2 million , giving it a per theater average of $ 12,253 -- the strongest at the box office . After four weekends , Moonrise has found an impressive $ 6.8 million , and it 's got lots of life left in it . 1 . Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted -- $ 35.5 million 2 . Prometheus -- $ 20.2 million 3 . Rock of Ages -- $ 15.1 million 4 . Snow White and the Huntsman -- $ 13.8 million 4 . That 's My Boy -- $ 13.0 million See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Dreamworks ' $ 145 million effort "  Madagascar 3 " had a $ 60.3 million start Worldwide , the 3-D film has grossed $ 278 million Some claim "  Rock of Ages " debut is a sign Tom Cruise may have lost his Midas touch
Washington  CNN  -- Airport security policies "  have to evolve " to ensure the safety of passengers while minimizing invasive procedures such as enhanced pat downs , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Monday . Gibbs stopped short of signaling any imminent change in the enhanced screening , which some passengers complain amounts to legal groping . However , Gibbs made clear that the government is open to adjusting the procedures in response to public feedback and intelligence gathered on possible plots . "  This is a process that , based on intelligence and based on feedback , is and will continue to evolve and change . " Gibbs told reporters , adding the goal is to "  maximize the security and protection and minimize that invasiveness . " He noted that airport screening has evolved in recent years to include the banning of most liquids , removing shoes and other steps in response to specific threats , and added : "  The policies have to evolve . " Travelers who set off metal detectors at airport security are asked to undergo extra screening . If they refuse to go through an enhanced visual device that shows the body through clothing , they are required to submit to the thorough pat down in order to fly . Incidents such as last December 's failed bombing of a U.S.-bound flight by a man with explosives in his underwear and the recent detection of explosives in air cargo packages from Yemen prompted the enhanced screening . However , the more thorough pat-down process has generated alarm and anger , with some travelers complaining they were given little warning of the procedure and that they felt violated by the touching of private parts . In interviews and statements Sunday and Monday , the head of the Transportation Security Administration said the enhanced screening was necessary for now , but the policies could be revised as time goes on . "  We welcome feedback and comments on the screening procedures from the traveling public , and we will work to make them as minimally invasive as possible while still providing the security that the American people want and deserve , " TSA Administrator John Pistole said in a statement released Sunday . "  We are constantly evaluating and adapting our security measures , and as we have said from the beginning , we are seeking to strike the right balance between privacy and security . " Pistole also told CNN that the outcry over the new screening was overblown . "  Very few people actually receive the pat down . In spite of all the public furor about this , very few people do , " he said . On Friday , Pistole issued a public service video announcement offering travelers guidance on what to expect from TSA security officials ahead of the holiday travel season . "  As you enter the checkpoint , you 'll be directed to go through either a walk-through metal detector , or in some airports , an Advanced Imaging Technology -- AIT -- unit , " he said in the video . "  If you are directed to pass through an AIT , you may opt out . If you choose to opt out you will receive a thorough pat down by someone of the same gender , " he said . "  We very much appreciate your involvement , cooperation and assistance in assuring the safety of you , the traveling public . "	White House spokesman stops short of calling for changes Some travelers complain that enhanced pat downs are too intrusive TSA says enhanced security is necessary for now
CNN  President Barack Obama will renew his push for paid sick days and paid family leave for the millions of American workers who do n't have either during a visit to Baltimore on Thursday , according to Valerie Jarrett , senior adviser to the President . Jarrett , who used an unconventional outlet to outline Obama 's expected announcements -- in a blog for LinkedIn -- said the President will call on Congress to pass the Healthy Families Act , which would allow millions of Americans to earn up to seven days per year of paid sick time . Obama pushes for universal broadband access "  How many Americans have to show up to work when battling an illness even when they know they wo n't be at their best , it will lengthen their recovery time , and they may likely spread their sickness to others ? " wrote Jarrett . "  The last thing we should do is add guilt , fear , and financial hardship on working parents as they try to do what 's right -- while keeping their job , " she added . More than 40 % of private sector workers in the U.S. currently do n't get paid sick days , according to the Institute for Women 's Policy Research . During a lunch with a group of women in Baltimore , the President will also call on cities and states to pass similar laws at the local level . In 2006 , San Francisco became the first city in the nation to guarantee access to earned sick days , and in 2011 , Connecticut became the first state to mandate the benefit , according to the National Partnership for Women and Families . In the November election , the National Partnership for Women and Families said voters approved paid sick leave ballot measures in Massachusetts , Oakland , California and Montclair and Trenton , New Jersey . Can Obama 's community college plan get through Congress ? The President will also announce programs to help cities and states provide paid leave to American workers . Currently , under the Family and Medical Leave Act , workers are eligible for 12 weeks of unpaid leave for specific family and medical reasons , such as the birth of a child or caring for an ill parent . Many employers , including the federal government , do not pay for that leave . In his 2015 budget , the President will propose $ 2.2 billion to reimburse up to five states for three years for their costs associated with implementing a paid leave policy , $ 35 million in grants to states and $ 1 million through the Labor Department for feasibility studies around providing paid leave programs , Jarrett told CNN . Last year , the President 's budget included $ 500,000 for feasibility studies , which three states and the District of Columbia used to help craft what will become paid leave programs , she added . At the federal level , the President will also sign a presidential memorandum directing his agencies to allow federal employees to have access to at least six weeks of paid leave when a new child arrives or to care for ill family members , and propose that Congress offer six weeks of paid administrative leave as well , said Jarrett . The push for paid sick days and paid leave stems , in part , from last year 's first-ever White House Summit on Working Families , said Jarrett . "  The conversation we had that day was only the beginning . It has carried on in the months since then around the country and the President has continued to take action to make progress for families , " she said . Jarrett also wrote directly about why the White House chose LinkedIn to reveal the news about the President 's push for paid sick and family leave , saying the social networking site was in "  the best position to drive change . " "  This is the world 's largest online audience of professionals . And if you 're an employer , the folks who are coming to your company 's pages will be looking to see if you offer precisely these sorts of policies on your books , " wrote Jarrett . "  Keep in mind that nearly 1-in-2 working parents has turned down a job because it would not work for their family . Do n't let your job be one of those , " she said . Opinion : Leisure is the new productivity	President Obama to call on Congress to pass paid sick leave for workers The President will also announce programs to help cities and states provide paid family leave The White House chose LinkedIn to unveil the President 's plans
CNN  -- At this point in the digital age there 's probably enough evidence to make people think twice about what they say or do online , lest it become social media fodder , right ? Wrong . An image that was shared on social media of a Taco Bell employee licking a stack of taco shells once again demonstrated the unintended -- but probably not unforeseeable -- side effects of social media . More CNN/BuzzFeed : Awkward celebrity interviews Taco Bell said the picture itself was acceptable as part of a contest . The fact that it was shared on someone 's personal social media account violated the franchisee 's policies . But each week seems to bring a new story of someone posting something they definitely should n't have . Somehow , the wrong people always manage to see it . Here are 10 people who learned that posting controversial or just plain dumb stuff online can cost them their jobs . If you are reading this on mobile or some outdated browser , you wo n't be able to see this story in all its glory . Click here instead . .	From Bitter Barista to "  CarlyCrunkBear , " many have lost jobs over online posts Remember Gilbert Gottfried 's unfortunate remarks about Japan tsunami ? A California Pizza Kitchen server complained that his uniform was the "  lamest s -- t ever " Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter
Washington  CNN  -- As anti-Wall Street protests continued across the country , several hundred people gathered Thursday in the nation 's capital in a scheduled anti-war demonstration that also adopted new overtones in decrying economic disparities . Demonstrators first congregated in the shadow of Congress , at its height filling about half of Washington 's Freedom Plaza , which is about the size of a city block . Many carried placards and listened to speeches from activists railing against inequality , corporate greed , as well as the American-led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . The protest came a day before America marks the 10th anniversary of the start of the Afghanistan conflict , and a day after the release of a Pew Research Center survey in which American veterans expressed ambivalence about both wars . Half of the 712 who have served since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks said they felt the Afghanistan war was worth it , while 44 % made the same assessment about the Iraq conflict . This aspect of the poll had a margin of error of 5.7 percentage points . Yet military conflict was just one of the topics addressed Thursday . Others focused on economics , in the same spirit of demonstrations that have cropped up in more than a dozen U.S. cities . The hub of the "  Occupy Wall Street " movement fittingly has been in New York City , with many rallying and camping out there and elsewhere to protest on a wide range of mostly economic issues . The Washington protesters , for one , spelled out the number "  99 " with a human chain that seemed to loop around Freedom Plaza . It is a reference to the group 's claim that 99 % of Americans are underrepresented in the country 's current political and financial systems , while the other 1 % of the population wields too much influence . By late afternoon , part of the group broke off and headed toward the U.S. Chamber of Commerce building . There , in front of a two-story banner in front of the building that reads "  JOBS : Brought to you by American free enterprise , " the demonstrators chanted , "  Where are the jobs ? " Speaking at a news conference earlier Thursday , President Barack Obama said demonstrators -- in Washington , as well as those in New York and other cities nationwide -- "  are giving voice to a more broad-based frustration about how our financial system works . " But Obama also defended the country 's financial sector , saying , "  We have to have a strong , effective financial sector in order for us to grow . " Thursday 's demonstration is not the first in Washington about economic matters . A day earlier , several hundred union and progressive activists sought to capitalize on the growing "  Occupy Wall Street " protests with a Capitol Hill rally demanding new public spending on job creation and an end to federal budget cuts . The event , led by former White House clean energy adviser Van Jones , highlighted growing liberal frustration with a public policy agenda increasingly dominated by deficit reduction efforts and difficulty in implementing more traditional economic stimulus measures as well as revenue increases . CNN 's Eric Fiegel and Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .	Demonstrators in Freedom Plaza protest against U.S.-led wars Protesters also blame Wall Street for economic inequality Some rally in front of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce building
CNN  -- The raging wildfires that killed hundreds of Australians earlier this year could not kill Sam the Koala . The plight of Sam the Koala became a huge hit on video-sharing Web site YouTube . But an illness endemic in the country 's koala population did . Sam , the 4-year-old Koala who became famous after he was injured and rescued from the historic wildfires , died Thursday , an Australian wildlife shelter said . "  It is with great sadness today that TressCox Lawyers on behalf of the Southern Ash Wildlife Shelter announce that Sam the Koala has lost her latest fight for survival , " the shelter said in a statement . "  Sam became a symbol of hope and determination across the nation for both survivors of the black Saturday bush fires and all those that fought and lent support throughout the community . " Sam was catapulted into fame in February when a photograph surfaced showing a firefighter , marked with soot , holding her injured paw and pouring water into her mouth . As firefighters continued to battle the brush fires that killed more than 200 people and torched 2,000 homes , Sam was taken to Southern Ash Wildlife Shelter to heal from burns on her paws . Reporters flocked to the wildlife shelter to do update stories on Sam . One story by Australian local television revealed that Sam , short for Samantha , had quickly gained a boyfriend , a Koala named Bob . Her paws healed but soon she developed ovarian cysts associated with chlamydia , an ailment that affects 50 percent of Australia 's koala population , the shelter said . "  Sam had severe changes in her urinary and reproductive tract that was non-operable and unfortunately had to put Sam to sleep , " the statement said . "  The changes were consistent with the Chlamydia infection . It was so severe that there was no possible way to be able to manage her pain . "	Sam pictured in photograph being nursed by a firefighter during February fires Sam taken to Southern Ash Wildlife Shelter to heal from burns on her paws Paws healed but she developed ovarian cysts associated with chlamydia
CNN  -- Inside a freezer in a research laboratory at the University of Washington are blood and blood plasma samples from 92 people who suffer from mysterious illnesses , including tremors , memory loss and severe migraine headaches . Terry Williams hugs her two boys -- Jake , left , and Zack -- in 2006 , before she says toxic cabin air made her sick . They are mostly pilots and flight attendants who suspect they 've been poisoned in their workplace -- on board the aircraft they fly . Clement Furlong , University of Washington professor of medicine and genome sciences , leads a team of scientists who have been collecting the samples for 2 1/2 years . Furlong said his team is a few months away from finalizing a blood analysis test that will be able to definitely confirm whether the study participants were indeed poisoned by toxic fumes . Results of Furlong 's research could expand recognition of what a select group of researchers believes is a largely unrecognized risk of flying : the chance that poisonous fumes enter the cabin . "  There 's a danger of inhaling compounds that are coming out of the engine , " said Furlong in his laboratory . See a diagram of how the air is circulated " The air we breathe on board a plane is a 50-50 mix of filtered , recirculated air and so-called "  bleed air " -- which bleeds off the engines , and then is pressurized and cooled before being sent into the cabin through vents . If an engine oil seal leaks , aviation engineers and scientists say , the bleed air can become contaminated with toxins . In 2002 the National Academies of Sciences ' National Research Council reported "  contaminant exposures result from the intake of chemical contaminants  e.g. , engine lubricating oils , hydraulic fluids , deicing fluids and their degradation products  into the Environmental Control System and then into the cabin . " Of particular concern are toxic anti-wear agents in the oil , designed to prolong an engine 's life , called tricresyl phosphates . "  The engine seals fail and there 's very potent toxins that can come on board , " said Furlong . Neuropsychologist Sarah Mackenzie Ross of University College London studied 27 British pilots who claimed they had inhaled contaminated air and subsequently had difficulty processing information and slowed reaction times . Her testing confirmed their symptoms . "  They did appear to underperform on tasks that required attention , processing speed , reaction time , and what we call executive functioning , which is high-level decision making , " said Ross . Former flight attendant Terry Williams believes she is a victim of such a "  fume event . " She complains of debilitating migraine headaches , tremors , and blind spots in her field of vision . "  It 's been so constant and just continues to worsen so it 's extremely frustrating , " said Williams , who is suing Boeing , the owner of McDonnell Douglas , which made the MD-82 aircraft on which she worked . "  I 'm frustrated that I do n't feel any better and it 's over two years after the exposure . " Boeing told CNN , "  It is our belief that air quality on airplanes is healthy and safe . " In its response to Williams ' suit , the company said : "  The potential for bleed air contamination has been known through the aviation industry for many years . " But Boeing denies any responsibility for Terry Williams ' illness . While Williams ' symptoms appear to be quite rare , it appears that fume events occur with regularity . A British study for the House of Lords found fume events in 1 of every 2,000 flights . In the U.S. , airlines are required to report "  fume events " to the Federal Aviation Administration . There were 108 such reports last year . So why would n't more flight attendants , pilots and passengers suffer symptoms ? Furlong said a small percentage of people  how small is not known  appear to be highly sensitive to the most toxic chemicals . They may be genetically disposed to a strong reaction , possessing multiple genes of metabolizing proteins in their livers , or temporarily have high enzyme levels  which can be triggered by prescription drugs  that will act on the inhaled chemicals to magnify their toxicity . "  If you happen to be taking a medication that turns on the protein that converts pre-toxin to very potent toxin , you 've got an issue , " said Furlong . As a result , someone sitting next to a victim may have inhaled the same contaminated fumes , but not suffer the same reaction . How might you know that you may have been exposed to a "  fume event " while flying ? Experts say the telltale sign is a "  dirty sock " smell . That 's butyric acid from engine oil , which itself is not highly toxic . But along with it comes the deadly nonodorous compounds tri-ortho-cresyl phosphate and mono-ortho-cresyl phosphate . Boeing 's new plane , the 787 Dreamliner , has been designed so that air entering the cabin from outside will not "  bleed " off the engines . The company says that 's only for fuel efficiency purposes , not because of any concern about the quality of bleed air in its current fleet of aircraft . Indeed , Boeing and the FAA say the air quality on airplanes is as good or better than that of the average office building or home . CNN 's Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report .	Results of scientist 's research could expand recognition of "  bleed air " Bleed air is air that passes through the engines of a plane , then into cabin Boeing and FAA say air quality on airplanes is as good as in office or home Flight attendant Terry Williams believes she is a victim of fumes in cabin air
Colorado Springs , Colorado  CNN  -- U.S. Army Capt. Immanuel Mgana was half a world away from his home and his family in Colorado Springs on June 26 , when he received a text message from his wife : It was an image of a house on fire with the words , "  This is our home . " "  I could identify the house because of my car , which was in the driveway , " he said . Both Mgana and his wife , Melissa , had been following the news of the Waldo Canyon Fire , which had started three days earlier , but neither was aware of their home 's fate until they saw that photo , which had been splashed across the front page of the Denver Post . From his post in the Horn of Africa , Mgana was n't even aware that his family 's home was in danger of being consumed by the wildfire . Just hours before sending that text , Melissa Mgana had scrambled the couple 's three kids into a car and rushed to a friend 's house , abandoning plans to celebrate their son Kael 's 10th birthday . "  We had picked up the cake . We were just preparing for a birthday evening , " she said . Amid the last-minute birthday preparations , Melissa continually checked local news reports about the progress of the massive fire as it bore down on Colorado Springs . At that time , the blaze had forced the evacuation of 11,000 people  that number would later triple  , threatening 13,000 homes , and none of the fire had been contained . "  I was watching the news and I would run outside and look at the plume , " she said . As the sky grew darker and more ominous , Melissa knew time was running out . "  When I looked up and saw the flames coming over the ridge is when I knew it was possibly very serious , " she said . "  I just said , ` We need to get out of here . ' " iReporters share their harrowing views of the wildfires She knew she made the right decision hours later , when she saw the Denver Post 's front page . She immediately sent the image to her husband , who showed the photo to his superiors . "  The first thing they said was ` You need to go home , ' " he said . "  I was on the next flight out . " As he boarded a flight home , Immanuel Mgana stayed in touch with his wife , keeping tabs on the situation without telling her that he was homeward bound . A day later , he arrived at the home where his wife and three children were staying . "  I knocked on the door and I believe my daughter Grace opened the door first and she just stepped back for a moment , " he said . "  She did n't know how to react , but after a few seconds she was just all over me . " The emotional pendulum swung from the despair to "  elation , " Melissa said . "  There was a ring at the door bell and there he was , " she said , still beaming at the memory . "  I felt so relieved . It was amazing . " "  This was n't something my wife could do alone , " Immanuel said . "  I definitely needed to be there for support . Also , the kids , they needed a father figure around . " The Waldo Canyon fire charred more than 18,000 acres and destroyed 346 homes , making it the most destructive in the state 's history . At the height of the fire , 32,000 Colorado residents evacuated their homes . The cause of the fire is still under investigation . Are wildfires getting wilder ? The Mganas have made a temporary home at a local hotel , where they spent the Fourth of July holiday . The couple 's three children -- Kael , 10 , Sofia , 5 , and Grace , 2 -- splash around in the hotel pool while Melissa and Immanuel talk about their hope for the family 's future . "  We just feel compelled to rebuild there , " Melissa said of the lot where their home once stood . "  After 15 years of being together , we 've weathered a lot of storms together and we just know how to get through things together , " Immanuel said , putting his arm around his wife . "  It 's a new beginning for us . " Wildfire victims face double tragedy	Capt. Immanuel Mgana returned to Colorado Springs from his station in Africa His home was destroyed by the Waldo Canyon Fire He and his wife learned about their home 's fate from a Denver Post photo His wife and three children had evacuated hours earlier
CNN  -- Leading golfers Rory McIlroy , Bubba Watson , Luke Donald , Dustin Johnson , Brandt Snedeker and Keegan Bradley are all "  Dufnering " . So it was entirely appropriate that D.A. Points celebrated his win at the Houston Open by posing for the cameras with his best impression of the trend that has gone viral on the internet -- the American golfer slouched on the green with a slightly vacant expression on his face with the tournament trophy by his side . Before Points ' win , which earned him a place at the Masters and a winner 's check of $ 1.16 million , the U.S. PGA Tour event had been buzzing with laughter after the likes of McIlroy et al posted pictures of themselves on Twitter mimicking Jason Dufner 's unfortunate photograph of himself looking rather disinterested in a Texas classroom surrounded by children , while performing a charity visit last week . "  What can I say , I was tired , my back hurt from sitting on the floor , and we were talking about relaxation and focusing , " tweeted Dufner , explaining his lackadaisical posture and the less than animated expression on his face . Too late -- #Dufnering was quickly trending after a succession of leading golfers gently poked fun at their sporting colleague on Twitter . Sitting in front of the General Lee car from the Dukes of Hazard television series that he owns , Watson tweeted : "  Just #Dufnering in the garage !! " Other sports starts quickly got in on the act , peppering Dufner 's Twitter timeline with their own version of the online phenomenon -- former tennis player Andy Roddick even tweeted a picture of his dog "  Dufnering " . Given Points had made just two cuts in nine starts this year , the 36-year-old was not surprisingly only too happy to oblige the photographers with his own take on golf 's new craze after his win on Sunday at the Redstone Club . "  You know , again , I want to win , " Points told the PGA Tour website as he more seriously outlined his future ambitions . "  I want to win more than once . I want to have the opportunity to win majors , I want to play in Ryder Cups and Presidents Cups . These are things I want to do and I know I 'm capable of doing . "  So I never doubt that I can do it . I certainly get down and frustrated when I make two of nine cuts . That 's not making you feel real great about yourself . " Remarkably Points earned his place at the Masters thanks to some help from his mother 's putter as he finished one shot ahead of compatriot Billy Horschel and Sweden 's Henrik Stenson . "  I 've been hitting it better and better , and I saw Brian White for a putting lesson , " added Points , who holed a 13-foot par putt at the 72nd hole to to clinch victory after thunderstorms had halted play in the closing stretch . "  Gave me a couple things , changed the putter , boom , felt great , and here I am . "  So , the thing about it , is I never count myself out . I never just chalk it up , like , ` Oh , this year is over with . ' I 've never ever felt like that . I was just grinding , just trying to wait and try to find that one thing that was like , boom , there it is and there I go . "  Fortunately , it was this week and I capitalized on it . " McIlroy , who announced during the tournament that he would postpone a UNICEF charity trip to Haiti in order to add this week 's Texas Open to his schedule , finished tied for 45th -- 12 shots behind Points . He is still seeking his first victory this season , having fallen to No. 2 in the world rankings behind Tiger Woods .	Golfers gripped by desire to "  Dufner " Twitter craze prompted by picture of Jason Dufner looking slouched and disinterested at charity event Rory McIlroy , Bubba Watson , Luke Donald , Dustin Johnson , Brandt Snedeker and Keegan Bradley are all "  Dufnering " D.A. Points celebrated his win at the Houston Open by posing for the cameras with his best "  Dufnering " impression
CNN  -- Women must make their voices heard in climate negotiations . The role of women as agents of change in their homes , places of work and communities is often underplayed . Yet their role is critical : Women understand the inter-generational aspects of climate change and sustainable development . We women think in time horizons that span the lives of our children and grandchildren . We need to use this understanding to influence the political process and to inject a much needed sense of urgency into the climate change negotiations . Time is not on our side ; report after report has shown this . This is not a trade discussion and we can not wait until the next meeting or the meeting after that to take action . Time is running out for the planet . 2020 is too late to put a legally binding agreement in place . A legal framework with clear and common rules to which all countries are committed is critically important . It is the only assurance we have that action will be taken to protect the most vulnerable . This COP  U.N. Climate Change Conference in Durban  must agree to initiate negotiations towards this end -- with a view to concluding a new legal instrument by 2015 at the latest . Climate change is a matter of justice . The richest countries caused the problem , but it is the world 's poorest who are already suffering from its effects . The international community must commit to righting that wrong . More : In austere times , world needs a climate change ` Plan B ' For me , a high point of the Durban Conference was that it demonstrated once again the value of women 's leadership in global efforts to deal with climate change . The outgoing COP President who did an excellent job in Cancun last year is a woman , Minister Patricia Espinosa . The COP President at Durban is a woman , Minister Maite Nkoana-Mashabane from South Africa and the Executive Secretary of the Convention is also a woman , Ms Christiana Figueres . Collectively these and other women leaders are playing a vital role in highlighting the gender dimensions of climate change . Awareness of the differential impacts of climate change on men and women is increasing . We know that in continents like Africa , where women are responsible for 60-80 % of food production , unpredictable growing seasons and increased incidence of droughts and floods place women , their families and their livelihoods at risk . All over the world women are adapting to these changes , showing incredible resilience in the face of crop failures , water shortages and increases in environment-related diseases such as malaria . They are growing different crops , planting trees , harvesting rainwater and growing fodder for livestock to minimize the impacts of climate change . We need to continue to support women to be innovative , creative and resilient in a climate-constrained world as we strive to ensure equitable solutions to the climate problem . Investing in climate smart agriculture and capacity building for vulnerable rural communities will not be sustainable without the inclusion of women in the decision-making process . But we also need to see the value of women as drivers of economic growth -- as educators , carers , farmers , entrepreneurs and above all , as leaders . A recent World Bank report found that "  women now represent 40 % of the global labor force , 43 % of the world 's agricultural labor force , and more than half the world 's university students . Productivity will be raised if their skills and talents are used more fully . " The report also found that eliminating the barriers that discriminate against women could increase labor productivity by as much as 25 % in some countries . Clearly we need to harness the contribution of women if we want to find our way out of the current economic recession and if we want to embrace inclusive , sustainable green growth . Last month , in remarks made at the International Forum on Women and Sustainable Development in Beijing , Sha Zuhang , Secretary General of the 2012 U.N. Commission on Sustainable Development , said "  in many countries women are the champions of the green economy , practicing sustainable agriculture , nurturing our natural resources , and promoting renewable energy . " More : Carbon footprint of the world 's biggest cities Around the world women are showing leadership and championing change , often due to more progressive policies and a greater social inclusion . Their voice and leadership on climate change can result in a low-carbon revolution for the 21st century that is sustainable and equitable . We can have a future where economic growth is not proportional to greenhouse gas emissions and where , for example , off-grid energy solutions could enable the 1.3 billion people without access to electricity to reach their full potential by providing access to affordable and sustainable energy technologies . At present burning kerosene for light and cooking over open fires damages women 's health and limits their ability to engage in other work or education because they spend hours collecting wood . It also costs them a lot of money -- up to 20 % of their weekly expenditure . Solar panels , improved cooking stoves and LED lights can transform lives , create jobs and contribute to our collective low-carbon future and are clear examples how intelligent climate change policies do not lead to a gray and dull existence but the opposite : They lead to a brighter future . I encourage all leaders to highlight the importance of gender throughout COP17 and at Rio +20 next year . We need to secure stronger references to the gender dimensions of climate change in the texts , institutions and mechanisms agreed by Parties to the Convention . Leaders informed by the experiences of grassroots women from around the world can and must make a difference . I call on women to speak out and lead the way . We can not wait , we have to act . Our children 's and grandchildren 's future is at stake . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Robinson .	Mary Robinson served as President of Ireland from 1990-1997 Robinson : Durban conference showed women 's leadership in global efforts against climate change Recent World Bank report found that women now represent 40 % of the global labor force Robinson : We need to harness the contribution of women to embrace green growth
Washington  CNN  -- When the nation 's capital was turned upside down Friday with the announcement that Justice John Paul Stevens was retiring after 40 years on the federal bench , he was miles away from the political circus -- literally and figuratively . The 89-year-old justice was quietly working on his caseload at his Fort Lauderdale , Florida , condo , a second home that serves as his occasional refuge from the high-pressure atmosphere of the U.S. Supreme Court . It is doubtful his replacement will soon find any sanctuary in what could be a protracted fight over the shaky ideological balance of a mostly conservative high court . The 112th justice , by most measures , will have a tough act to follow , as he or she seeks to navigate the complex dynamics of a divided bench and gain a measure of the level of influence Stevens enjoyed for the past two decades and more . "  He is undoubtedly a leader on the court , " said Diane Amann , a former Stevens law clerk who is writing a book about him . Names added to Supreme Court short list She predicted President Obama will replace a liberal with a liberal , "  and although the vote change -LSB- on a 5-4 conservative majority -RSB- may not alter very much in the short run , the absence of Justice Stevens ' leadership , his ability to build coalitions along people with very different ideas about things , will be something that will be hard to replace in the short term . " Short-term considerations drive much of the politics over who the nominee will and should be . Progressives worry Obama may not get another high court pick and urge him to name a forceful advocate for the left . "  The president now has an opportunity to name a worthy successor who will stand up for equal justice for all , not just the wealthy or powerful , " said Nan Aron , president of Alliance for Justice , which describes itself as a national organization dedicated to advancing justice and democracy . The most important number at the court The late liberal lion , Justice William Brennan , was noted for saying the most important number at the court was five , the votes need to command a majority on the nine-member bench . Such practical concerns also figure in the White House calculus over whether their nominee will pass Senate muster without fear of a filibuster . "  The court needs a consensus-builder just as much as it needs a progressive firebrand , " said Doug Kendall , president of the liberal Constitutional Accountability Center , which describes itself as a "  think tank , law firm and action center dedicated to fulfilling the progressive promise of our Constitution 's text and history . " "  President Obama 's next nominee needs to improve upon -LSB- Justice Sonia -RSB- Sotomayor 's performance by articulating the differences between judicial conservatives and progressives and focusing on how the Constitution and the law itself point in a progressive direction . " Administration officials quietly acknowledge the desire to excite liberals in an election year with an outspoken judge willing to take on the right . They also know Obama has his own liberal , but restrained . view of constitutional interpretation . Most of his federal judicial nominees thus far have been noncontroversial , center-left candidates . Many liberal activists say the president may be inclined to go the same route , choosing a nominee who will be spared a bruising confirmation . For their part , many conservative activists would not mind a fight , and their early rhetoric suggests they anticipate one . The Judicial Crisis Network , a conservative advocacy group , warned Obama against "  packing the Supreme Court with rubber stamps instead of judges . To an activist judge , the Constitution represents an inconvenient truth that they will distort , ignore , or defy to push their radical liberal agenda . " Grudging acknowledgement Some conservative groups grudgingly acknowledge Stevens ' influence and his ability to pull conservatives like Anthony Kennedy and Sandra Day O'Connor onto his side in hot button-cases . When the chief justice is on the losing side of a case , Stevens -- as senior associate justice -- gets to assign who writes the all-important opinion . That opinion becomes the voice of the court , whence its strength and influence derive . O'Connor , for example , supported the liberal bloc in upholding affirmative action for college admissions in 2003 and was rewarded by being selected to articulate her view of the necessity , but also the limits , of diversity in school selection . That same year , Kennedy joined four liberal justices in striking down state laws that banned homosexual sodomy and wrote a forceful opinion . He also issued landmark rulings against applying the death penalty for juvenile killers and those sentenced to die for non-homicides . Stevens ' willingness to put aside ego and to rule narrowly on hot-button cases -- combined with an unmatched cordiality and kindness -- earned him quiet power and respect . "  The distinctive thing about Justice Stevens that 's going to be hardest to replace is his attention to the individual case and his willingness to decide it in a way that really is n't determined by ideology , " said Christopher Eisgruber , a former Stevens law clerk and author of "  The Next Justice : Repairing the Supreme Court Appointments Process . " "  His intelligence , of course , has made him a very important contributor to that , but I think it 's really that distinctiveness to his approach that will be toughest to replace . " In some ways , the nomination of Sotomayor last year represented perfect timing in a perfect political climate -- a president still in the glow of his first months on the job and the political desire to name a woman and a Latino that put other liberal constituencies at bay . She was a candidate with a sterling resume who deftly maneuvered her way to confirmation . This time will be different , when the options are wider . Some advocacy groups have weighed in . Groups already weighing in "  We call on President Obama to nominate a woman to fill this seat , " said National Organization for Women President Terry O'Neill . "  The Supreme Court is out of balance , with women making up a mere 22 percent of the bench . That 's simply not enough . " Who else has a stake ? Should Obama : -- Name a non-judge or politician ? How about Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm or Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick ? Sens. Amy Klobuchar , D-Minnesota , and Claire McKaskill , D-Missouri , are frequently mentioned . And supporters of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton sing her praises , though the White House Monday tempered that talk by saying the president wanted her in her current job . -- How about an articulate academic ? Stanford Law School Professors Pamela Karlan and Kathleen Sullivan have earned progressive praise . -- There are no Asian-Americans on the high court , or the federal appeals courts for that matter . Harold Koh , formerly dean at Yale Law School and now a top State Department lawyer is a Korean-American who would represent another history-making choice . "  The president does n't seem to have the perfect-storm candidate this time that he did with Sonia Sotomayor , " said Thomas Goldstein , a top Washington attorney and founder of Scotusblog.com . "  There 's a delicate balance here . I think he 's likely to appoint somebody who 's more on the center left , someone like Sonia Sotomayor who the president believes really shares his values as a judge , but does n't generate the kind of political heat that would disrupt politics over the summer . " Meanwhile , Stevens remains his usual apolitical self , detached from the political storm . As usual , he 'll find time for his twice weekly tennis matches with his daughter . He returns to the bench next week for oral arguments , then will finish writing his remaining opinions . In two and a half months he will be gone from the court , but not forgotten .	CNN 's Bill Mears says President Obama has tough choice to make Retiring Justice John Paul Stevens had earned grudging respect from the right Obama must balance competing pressures from liberals , conservatives , Mears says Mears : This Supreme Court nominee likely faces choppier water than Sonia Sotomayor did
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai discussed his sometimes-turbulent relationship with the United States on Friday as more details emerged about U.S. airstrikes in his country that killed dozens of people this week . Afghan President Hamid Karzai said his government does not tolerate corruption . Karzai reflected on the past seven years of his leadership of Afghanistan and characterized his relationship with the United States as having "  serious bumps along the way , especially in the conduct of the war on terror . " The theme he emphasized Friday was the problem of Afghan civilian casualties caused by American airstrikes . Karzai said he has raised the issue repeatedly since 2007 . "  We have complained bitterly about civilian casualties , " he said . "  We needed to get Washington 's attention . " The issue of civilian deaths has been at the foreground of Karzai 's trip to Washington , where he 's meeting with President Obama and other top officials . Afghan officials say that more than 100 civilians were killed in a U.S. airstrike Wednesday in Farah province , on the western border with Iran . If that death toll is confirmed , it will be the single deadliest incident involving Afghan civilians since the American-led invasion of the country in 2001 to oust the Taliban from power . A senior U.S. military official said Friday that 30 to 50 people were killed in the strikes , most of them insurgents . But the rest were civilians , including women and children . The U.S. military thinks some civilians were killed when they were caught up in the ground fighting and others in the airstrikes . The Taliban held some civilians against their will in the buildings that were attacked , according to the official . Karzai said senior Obama administration officials immediately and personally apologized to him about the incident when he met with them this week . Watch Karzai discuss U.S. airstrikes that allegedly killed civilians " At the White House on Wednesday , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told Karzai and Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari that she "  deeply regretted " the death of Afghan civilians and pledged that the United States "  will work very hard with your governments and with your leaders to avoid the loss of innocent civilian lives . " In response to recent suggestions by U.S. military officials that the civilian deaths in Farah province might have been staged by the Taliban , Karzai said that an Afghan government team was investigating the incident and that "  there was no doubt that the casualties were caused by bombings ... and the use of air power . " As the president grapples with the latest incident , he 's also dealing with criticism of his administration by American officials for its perceived tolerance of corruption . An independent assessment by the non-governmental organization Transparency International rated Afghanistan as one of the most corrupt countries in the world . Karzai said his government does not tolerate corruption . "  That is not right ! That is not right ! " he said firmly . The president pointed out that Afghan courts had recently convicted 600 people on corruption charges or on counts of major drug dealing . Karzai used the issue of corruption to segue into a critique of the way in which aid has been disbursed to Afghanistan . He asserted that of the $ 32 billion the international community had given his country since 2001 , only $ 6 billion -- or 20 percent -- has been funneled through the Afghan government . The other $ 26 billion has been spent by the donor countries themselves , and Karzai implied that the Afghan government should not be held accountable for how those funds have been spent . Support for Karzai 's critique came last year in a study by the leading British charity Oxfam that concluded that a large portion of the money the international community has given to Afghanistan does not end up in the country itself . The report estimated that 40 percent of the money spent is returned to donor countries , such as the United States , in the form of consultants ' salaries and corporate profits . Turning to the election , to be held August 20 , the Afghan president said that if he wins another five-year term , he will put a special emphasis on building dams and bringing electricity to the Afghan people . The U.S. government assesses that less than 10 percent of Afghans have access to electric power . Karzai is likely to win the vote in a landslide , given his advantages of incumbency , relative popularity and the few plausible opposition candidates . Karzai emphasized also the importance in the coming years of what he described as the "  peace process " with the Taliban . He characterized it as being at "  the heart " of what his government hopes to achieve and said he is "  glad that the Obama administration is backing this . " The Afghan president said Saudi Arabia , one of the few governments to recognize the Taliban when they were in power , is "  very important " in this process because of its leadership of the Islamic world . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported that in September , representatives of the Afghan government and former Taliban officials met in Mecca for preliminary discussions about peace in a meeting hosted by Saudi King Abdullah . But peace with the Taliban may be a long time coming . Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar has in the past several months announced at every opportunity that he has no interest in a deal with the Afghan government . And one of Mullah Omar 's deputies announced last month on a Taliban Web site that the militants would launch "  strong and robust " operations in Afghanistan to counter the additional 21,000 American soldiers who are deploying to the country this year .	Afghan president says airstrikes have strained dealings with Washington Latest incident is said to have killed 100 civilians Wednesday Karzai critical of how aid money is distributed to his nation He emphasizes importance of "  peace process " with Taliban
CNN  -- A San Francisco tour guide 's expletive-laced rant about Chinatown on her last day of work has angered a metropolis used to celebrating the diverse and welcoming City by the Bay . Her performance has gone viral , reaching way beyond her audience of tourists -- perhaps something she did n't expect when she played to the tourists ' smart phones . "  F-k your little seafood f-ing markets with your turtles and frogs inside , " said the tour guide , using a microphone to shout at her tour group . "  Here in America , we do n't eat turtles and frogs ... you got to assimilate a little bit , Chinatown . " Her tirade has already gotten more than 600,000 views on YouTube . While some tourists on her tour bus applauded , San Franciscans -- including the city 's top Chinese-American elected officials -- rallied against her speech . ` Ghetto ' tours of Bronx ended after outrage They include San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee and city Board of Supervisors President David Chiu , now running for state Assembly . "  It was amazingly disheartening and disturbing in 2014 that someone would say something so hurtful , " Chiu told CNN on Friday . "  Hopefully we 'll be able to use as a learning moment to build on , " he said . "  Not just for this tour guide and company , but for the community to say we stand up against racism and celebration of our diversity . " The tour bus company and the tour guide apologized directly to Chiu , he said . In San Francisco , the tour guide 's rant runs counter to the city 's ethos , to say the least . The city has a long and storied history of acceptance , not just tolerance . Its residents have been on the forefront of many civil rights battles , including immigrant rights , homeless issues , "  a living wage , " gay rights and treatment of people with HIV and AIDS . Moreover , San Francisco 's Chinatown is home to a sizable population of people of Chinese descent , and the city claims its Chinatown is the oldest in North America . San Francisco 's population of 800,000 is more than one-third Asian-American , and the largest subset is people of Chinese descent  21.4 %  , according to the San Francisco Chronicle . Something for a tour guide to consider .	San Francisco tour guide 's Chinatown tirade caught on video Her curse-filled tirade has gone viral on YouTube She ranted about noise , food choices and assimilation
CNN  Formula One star Fernando Alonso will not race in the season-opening Australian Grand Prix on the advice of doctors treating him for the effects of a high-speed crash . The double world champion was concussed and airlifted to hospital after losing control of his McLaren at the penultimate winter test in Barcelona last month . The Spaniard is now recovering at home but doctors have indicated returning to racing in Melbourne three weeks after after the high impact could be too risky . Alonso commented on Twitter : "  It will be tough not to be in Australia , but I understand the recommendations . A second impact in less than 21 days "  NO " . McLaren explained in a statement : "  Fernando 's doctors have recommended to him that , following the concussion he sustained on February 22nd , for the time being he should seek to limit as far as is possible any environmental risk factors that could potentially result in his sustaining another concussion . " Kevin Magnussen -- who effectively lost his seat to Alonso when the Spaniard returned to McLaren after his Ferrari exit -- will race alongside Jenson Button in the Australian Grand Prix on March 15th . Alonso 's return to the starting grid in McLaren colors has been delayed by his freakish crash at the Circuit de Catalunya , home to the Spanish Grand Prix . McLaren had explained that Alonso 's "  accident was caused by the unpredictably gusty winds at that part of the circuit at that time . " Turn Three , where the accident took place , is an area of the circuit where cross winds are known to affect the balance of the cars . The 33-year-old posted a video on social media on Friday to thank his fans for his support and update them on his condition . Standing in a garden , a smiling Alonso said : "  As you can see I 'm completely fine . I will rest and keep you updated next week with progress and see you very soon on the track . " But his return to the racing asphalt has now been delayed until at least the Malaysian Grand Prix at the end of March despite doctors saying he has no symptoms of illness . "  Having performed an exhaustive series of tests and scans -- some of them as recently as yesterday evening -- Alonso 's doctors have informed him that they find him asymptomatic of any medical issue ; that they see no evidence whatsoever of any injury , " McLaren said in a statement . "  They therefore describe him as entirely healthy from neurological and cardiac perspectives alike . " However , in order to limit the risk of a secondary concussion Alonso has accepted the advice not to race but has continued his preparations for the new F1 season . "  Fernando 's doctors acknowledge that he feels fit and well , and that he regards himself as ready to race , " the statement continued . "  They are comfortable with the fact that he has already recommenced physical training , with a view to preparing for a return to the cockpit of his McLaren-Honda car for the Malaysian Grand Prix . Indeed , his doctors are supportive of that ambition . " Alonso chose to leave Ferrari at the end of the 2014 season and rejoin McLaren , which is also renewing its technical partnership with Japanese engine manufacturer Honda for 2015 . The Spaniard -- regarded by his peers as the best driver on the grid -- is chasing a third world crown but , so far , he has not had chance to gauge the possibilities of realizing that ambition with McLaren . Early reliability problems meant Alonso had only completed 117 laps in the MP4-30 race car before his preseason was curtailed by the crash .	Fernando Alonso will not race in season-opening Australian Grand Prix The double world champion suffered concussion in testing crash for McLaren Kevin Magnussen will take his place in Melbourne for March 15 race
EW.com  -- This is the most exciting TV development news we 've heard in awhile . CBS TV Studios is in the very early stages of a new version of the classic series "  The Twilight Zone . " Bryan Singer  "  X-Men "  is attached as executive producer . There is no writer and no attached network at this time . So this project could go nowhere . But the development wheels are turning . Creator-host Rod Serling 's original 1959-64 edition of "  The Twilight Zone " is considered one of the best shows of all time . Attempts to revive the series have largely struggled  $ " there was a 1985 edition that ran for three seasons  two on CBS , one in syndication  , and another in 2002 on UPN that lasted only one season . Terence Malick 's ` To the Wonder ' trailer Yet a potential revival now of this ground-breaking anthology show makes sense . Sci-fi and horror series are delivering big ratings  AMC 's "  The Walking Dead , " NBC 's "  Revolution "  and there 's several other genre projects coming to the small screen  NBC 's "  Hannibal " and "  Dracula " ; CBS ' "  Under the Dome "  . Networks have become less squeamish about edgy content , which has allowed producers to more realistically depict dark subject matter . Plus , FX already took a step toward successfully reviving the anthology format by launching American Horror Story , a drama with close-ended seasons . There 's been a second "  Twilight Zone " movie mired in development for several years now too , with Leonardo DiCaprio attached as executive producer . The film is reportedly about a test pilot who returns to Earth after an experimental flight to discover it 's 96 years in the future . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	CBS TV Studios is in the early stages of a new "  Twilight Zone " series Bryan Singer  "  X-Men "  is attached as executive producer There is no writer and no attached network at this time
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Peru will turn over to Chilean authorities all evidence into allegations that a Peruvian air force officer was spying for the neighboring country , Peruvian President Alan Garcia said Monday . Garcia ordered his foreign minister and justice department to hand over all details of the investigation so Chile could "  give the corresponding explanations , " he said in a televised address . The alleged spying by Chile , Garcia declared , was the result of fear and an inferiority complex by the Chileans . He added that Peru will not let the incident become a full-blown crisis between the two nations . The suspect , Victor Ariza Mendoza , remained imprisoned at a maximum security facility north of Lima , authorities said . Two other Peruvian air force officers , accused of being collaborators , also were detained , as were two Chilean military officers who were alleged accomplices , CNN en Espaol reported . Mendoza could face charges of treason , which carry a minimum sentence of 25 years . News of the spy case caused Garcia to prematurely end a trip to Singapore for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation . Garcia and his Chilean counterpart , Michelle Bachelet , had planned to attend a workshop Saturday with other world leaders , but the Peruvian leader canceled his agenda to return to Lima . Chile has dismissed the espionage allegations . "  Chile has nothing to do with this case , " Chilean Foreign Minister Mariano Fernandez told reporters after a meeting with his nation 's ambassador to Peru . According to local media , the suspected spy once worked at the Peruvian Embassy in Chile and sold secrets to the Chileans since 2002 , CNN en Espaol reported . Chile and Peru have a history of animosity , having fought in the War of the Pacific from 1879 to 1883 . Hard feelings linger to this day . The two nations nearly came to war in 1975 , when left-wing Peruvian leader Juan Velasco , who was backed by Cuba , wanted to invade Chile , which was led by right-wing Gen. Augusto Pinochet . The invasion was called off , and Velasco was deposed in a coup a short while later . Tensions rose again when Peru discovered a Chilean spy mission , but war was averted . More recently , tensions between the two South American nations flared in December after the revelation that Peru 's top army general said at a party that Chileans in Peru would be sent back in coffins or body bags . Both countries said they would work to heal relations after the general 's comments . Journalist Gisu Guerra contributed to this report .	Peruvian president says Chile spied on neighbor because of inferiority complex Peruvian officials ordered to turn over evidence of espionage to Chile Spy suspect , Peruvian air force officer , remains in prison north of Lima Chile has dismissed allegations
BELLEVUE , Nebraska  CNN  -- If LeRoy Carhart 's abortion clinic had a terror alert scale , it would be at Code Red this weekend . Anti-abortion protesters plan demonstrations this weekend outside Dr. LeRoy Carhart 's clinic in Bellevue , Nebraska . "  I feel safer on an airplane than I do in my clinic , " Carhart said , sitting at his desk in his windowless office in Bellevue , Nebraska . "  You try to think about every way an attack could happen . You try to do all you can to prevent it , but obviously Dr. -LSB- George -RSB- Tiller thought he was safe in church . " It 's been nearly three months since Tiller , one of the world 's most well-known doctors performing abortions , was shot in the head at point-blank range on May 31 as services began at Reformation Lutheran Church in Wichita , Kansas . Anti-abortion groups , led by Operation Rescue , plan to launch protests outside Carhart 's clinic this weekend in Bellevue , just south of Omaha . They will be the first major anti-abortion protests since the Tiller killing . The demonstrations are set to culminate Saturday with so-called Truth Trucks -- delivery trucks with giant rolling billboards of dismembered fetuses on the sides -- parking outside Carhart 's clinic and canvassing area neighborhoods . Protesters carrying anti-abortion signs also are expected . Operation Rescue President Troy Newman has vowed a peaceful demonstration and said that any hints of possible violence are ginned up by what he calls left-wing groups and the liberal media . His group scaled down plans to protest at Carhart 's facility Friday when it learned women 's rights groups , including the National Organization for Women , would be there . Operation Rescue will hold a rally at a church instead Friday . "  Operation Rescue has said Dr. Carhart is the next target ... , " said Katherine Spillar , executive vice president with the Feminist Majority Foundation . "  We fear that these kinds of activities can eventually erupt in violence , and I urge the community to make sure violence does n't happen . " Abortion rights supporters were predominant in the 50 to 75 people gathered outside the clinic Friday morning . "  Welcome , welcome , this clinic stays open , " some shouted when cars pulled into the clinic 's driveway . Newman said earlier , "  I 'm not interested in putting our folks in any situation where the other side might flare up . I 'm very confident about our side . They 're very peaceful moms and dads and families that will be showing up with signs . " He said he abhorred the killing of Tiller . "  Shooting someone in the head in a church , " he said , "  is not a pro-life act . Sorry , it does n't qualify . " Scott Roeder , a 51-year-old anti-abortion activist , is charged in Tiller 's killing . He has pleaded not guilty . Newman said he wants Carhart shut down -- through legal means . He said he was confident his organization would have shut down Tiller this summer through a legal battle . "  I vehemently disagreed with what Mr. Tiller did , as well as all abortionists for what they do . But they 're still human beings , and they deserve due process , " Newman said . Tiller was one of about a dozen U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortions . In the wake of his death , his family decided to close his clinic permanently . Carhart was a close friend and understudy of Tiller 's . He performed abortions at Tiller 's clinic for a week every month , including late-term procedures . Carhart has vowed to open an office in Kansas and said he 'll keep doing abortions as long as he 's healthy . He said he 's performed more than 60,000 abortions in the past two decades . About 400 of those were after 24 weeks , he said . Staring across the room at a poster of Tiller , he said , "  I do n't want his death to be in vain . He spent his whole life trying to ensure better health care for women . " Carhart was performing an abortion in his clinic when Tiller was killed that Sunday morning . He learned of the news by phone from Tiller 's head nurse . "  That 's when she told me that George had been shot in church and that he was dead . " Carhart is unlike many abortion doctors . He 's does n't parse his words about his profession . The outside of his office has the name of his clinic in bold letters : Abortion & Contraception Clinic of Nebraska . He said he takes pride in the term abortionist . "  I do abortions , and that is what I do , " he said . On Friday , Carhart teared up when talking about the abortion rights supporters outside his clinic . "  It 's unbelievable , " he said of the support . Mark Gietzen , the driver of a truck for Operation Rescue , beamed with pride ahead of the protests . He stood outside his truck in Wichita adorned with a poster showing the dismembered hand of a fetus on a quarter . Across the top of the van , it reads , "  Abortion is an ObamaNation.com . " He said he knew Tiller "  quite well " from the vantage point of a peaceful common enemy over the years and said the killing was a setback for "  pro-lifers . " He 's only had one encounter with Carhart -- when the doctor drove his car by protesters and "  quacked like a duck . " Carhart acknowledges he might 've done that . Gietzen 's message to Carhart : "  Please respect the life of the babies . Stop the killing , stop committing such a horrible act for money . " Newman , the head of Operation Rescue , said he 'll keep praying Carhart "  turns back to the healing arts and not taking babies ' lives . " Carhart remains unmoved . "  When they 're ready to accept our position , then we 'll sit down . We say choice is right . If you do n't want to have an abortion , do n't have one . " Here in America 's heartland , a battle is being waged and both sides are entrenched . There is no middle ground .	NEW : Abortion rights supporters dominant outside clinic on Friday First major abortion protests set since killing of Dr. George Tiller in May Dr. LeRoy Carhart of Nebraska was understudy of Tiller 's Carhart says he takes pride in the term abortionist
CNN  -- Since the U.N. Millennium Development Goals were launched in 2000 , the world has made tremendous gains in reducing new HIV infections and helping people with HIV to live longer and healthier lives . For a long time , efforts to ensure that a pregnant woman living with HIV would not pass the virus to her child -- during pregnancy , at childbirth , or during breastfeeding -- have lagged behind the promise of technology . But now we can say confidently that with the right efforts , we can reduce new HIV infections among children to zero , even within the short time remaining until the Millennium Development Goals are concluded at the end of 2015 . During the upcoming meeting of leaders at the U.N. General Assembly , the world 's governments , NGOs and the private sector should take an important step toward reaching the goal of zero new HIV infections among children . This can be achieved by deploying a new generation of community health workers  CHWs  who will not only help to fight AIDS but also bring other kinds of health care to the communities they are serving . UNAIDS , Columbia University 's Earth Institute , many businesses and NGOs have joined forces with African governments in the 1 Million Community Health Workers Campaign to deploy this large number of CHWs across Africa by the end of 2015 . Although we 've known for more than a decade that transmission of HIV from a pregnant woman to her child can be stopped through appropriate interventions -- including timely access to antiretroviral medicines -- the practical challenges to eliminating new infections are substantial . Most women in low-income countries give birth at home , without medical assistance , and usually without the benefit of prenatal care . One key to overcoming these challenges is to ensure that trained health care professionals are on hand to provide prenatal and delivery support , even in the poorest villages . The Millennium Villages Project and UNAIDS are doing just that by building a network of health workers , supported with training , new technology , a supply chain of antiretrovirals and other key inputs , and professional supervision at the level of clinics and hospitals . Today , teams of trained health workers across the Millennium Villages complement the nurses and midwives in a structured health care system that is providing pregnant women with not only services to prevent HIV transmission , but comprehensive services including prenatal care , counseling for HIV-positive women , access to antiretrovirals and professional follow-up care for newborns . The telecoms industry is also playing a new and historic role . In the Millennium Villages system , the health workers are equipped with smartphones . With better technology , community health workers are now accessing real-time emergency guidance , making calls for ambulances in emergencies , maintaining digital health records for each household and more . With community-based care , the CHWs are able to expand services to reach more women and newborns . For example , in the Millennium Village of Sauri in Kenya , nearly all pregnant women are receiving HIV counseling and testing , compared with fewer than half in 2008 . Children who do become infected with HIV are diagnosed earlier and given timely access to HIV treatment , care and support . The community health workers are also playing a growing role in identifying bottlenecks and implementing solutions by engaging decision makers from local to national levels . Challenges such as low acceptance of HIV counseling and testing , commodity stock-outs and infant feeding issues are being identified and addressed with local responses . Next week as heads of state and global leaders gather at the United Nations , UNAIDS , the Millennium Villages Project and partners in the telecoms industry and beyond will seize the opportunity to make a push for zero new HIV infections among children , and for the 1 Million CHWs in Africa who can help make the goal a reality . On September 28 , we will also join 60,000 people on the Great Lawn of New York 's Central Park for Global Citizen Festival -- along with many millions more watching from around the world -- to issue a global appeal for these historic objectives . We believe that the world will rise to the occasion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Sachs and Michel Sidib .	Jeffrey Sachs , Michel Sidib : The world has made big gains in reducing new HIV infections Sachs , Sidib : In upcoming U.N. meetings , leaders should take step toward a critical goal Let 's aim to reduce new HIV infections among children to zero by the end of 2015 , they say Sachs , Sidib : We can join forces with African leaders to deploy health workers to reach the goal
CNN  -- The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Friday that same-sex marriages can resume in California , a move that the Supreme Court paved the way for on Wednesday . Three judges on the appeals court made it possible for local governments to issue marriage certificates for gay and lesbian couples with a few words : "  The stay in the above matter is dissolved effective immediately . " Very soon after , cheers erupted and camera flashes flickered as Kristin Perry and Sandra Stier obtained a marriage license and wed at San Francisco 's city hall . The two were one of the couples who sued to stop a voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage from taking effect . "  This is a profound day for our country , and it 's just the right thing , " said California Attorney General Kamala Harris , shortly before presiding over Perry 's and Stier 's wedding ceremony . "  Justice is finally being served . " California 's Supreme Court struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage in May 2008 , ruling that the state 's constitution gives "  this basic civil right to  marry to  all Californians , whether gay or heterosexual , and to same-sex couples as well as to opposite-sex couples . " But months later , 52 % of voters backed Proposition 8 to once again restrict marriages so that they can only be between a man and a woman . The measure put gay and lesbian marriages on hold in the state , though lawsuits followed . State officials declined to stand behind Proposition 8 -- and , thus , its prohibition on gay marriage -- though private parties did step in and offer to do so . A federal appeals court later ruled that Proposition 8 was unconstitutional , though it still issued a stay on same-sex marriages until the U.S. Supreme Court could weigh in . That happened in a 5-4 decision Wednesday , when the high court dismissed an appeal of that federal court ruling on jurisdictional grounds . That meant Friday 's news -- the resumption of same-sex marriages in the Golden State -- was expected , even though no one knew when it would happen . The Supreme Court ruled that the private parties backing Proposition 8 did not have "  standing " to defend the ballot measure . Chief Justice John Roberts wrote the majority opinion , joined by fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia and more liberal Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer and Elena Kagan . "  We have never before upheld the standing of a private party to defend a state statute when state officials have chosen not to , " wrote Roberts . This decision was cheered by gay marriage supporters in California , though it skirted the larger issue of whether same-sex marriage is a constitutional "  equal protection " right that should apply to all states . So , too , did another landmark ruling that same day on United States v. Windsor : It struck down part of the Defense of Marriage Act and found that the federal government must recognize legal same-sex marriages , though it did not compel them to be legalized in the 37 states where they currently are not . Supreme Court cases rest of citizens who sued , made history Still , both decisions were resoundingly cheered by gay rights supporters . Many who believe marriage should only be between a man and a woman , however , were disappointed . And that held to form on Friday as well , after the 9th Circuit 's ruling allowing same-sex marriages in California . "  This outrageous act tops off a chronic pattern of lawlessness , throughout this case , by judges and politicians hell-bent on thwarting the vote of the people to redefine marriage by any means , even outright corruption , " the Proposition Legal Defense Fund said in a statement . " ... If our opponents rejoice in achieving their goal in a dishonorable fashion , they should be ashamed . " CNN 's Erica Henry contributed to this report .	Kristin Perry and Sandra Stier wed at San Francisco City Hall They do so after a federal appeals court lifts an order banning same-sex marriages The U.S. Supreme Court paved the way for the move with a ruling Wednesday Prop 8 supporters say those cheering "  should be ashamed "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Bo the Portuguese water dog made his White House debut under cloudy skies Tuesday afternoon , spending several minutes taking his new family on a lively romp over the South Lawn with frequent stops for hearty sniffs at his new surroundings . Malia Obama practices walking Bo as her parents and sister , Sasha , wait their turn . Bo landed on all four feet at his fourth home in his six short months of life , fulfilling President Obama 's campaign promise to get his daughters a dog in return for all the time he spent on the road during the long presidential fight . "  He 's a star . He 's got star quality , " the president said of the black curly pup with white front feet and chest and a lion-cut tail . The Obamas ended up with a purebred dog , despite the president 's preference for a mutt , largely because of 10-year-old Malia 's allergies -- Portuguese water dogs do n't shed -- and because of opportunity . Watch Bo frolic on the White House lawn " Bo did n't fit in well with his first owners and was returned to the breeder in March . That breeder happened to be the breeder of Sen. Ted Kennedy 's Portuguese water dogs , and when Kennedy learned the puppy was available , he arranged to offer him to the Obamas . Bo spent a month with Kennedy 's trainer before coming to the White House for an initial visit over the weekend and for his official welcome Tuesday . "  Dog Whisperer " Cesar Millan said on Tuesday afternoon that Portuguese water dogs are an active breed and will need long walks and will need to understand quickly who is the "  pack leader . " "  Very important everybody plays the leadership role -- the girls , Ms. Michelle , obviously , the president , " he said . "  Everybody has to learn to walk the dog , to master the walk . " The Obamas , Millan said , have an opportunity to model good behavior for dog owners . "  This is definitely the most popular dog in the world right now , " he said . "  This is why it 's very important for everybody -- all the Obama family -- to practice the exercise , the discipline and affection . " While out with his family and the dog Tuesday afternoon , Obama said Bo had "  a bunch of possibilities " of where to sleep , but his own bed was n't one of those . Bo will be allowed into the Oval Office , he said , and the family will take turns with walks . The president and his family also shared some of their newfound knowledge about Portuguese water dogs . "  The only concern we have is that apparently , Portuguese water dogs like tomatoes . Michelle 's garden is in danger , " he said . "  We do n't have tomatoes , " the first lady said . "  Not yet , " Obama reminded . "  He does n't know how to swim , " chimed in 7-year-old Sasha . "  Apparently they have to be taught how to swim , " the president said . "  They have webbed feet . And they herd fish for the fishermen in Portugal . That is what we 've heard . "	Portuguese water dog cavorts on South Lawn with Obama family 6-month-old pup fulfills president 's campaign promise to daughters Puppy is gift to Obama girls from Sen. Ted Kennedy , who owns several of the dogs
CNN  -- Perhaps nothing illustrates the ambitions of the well-established Gulf carriers -- Emirates , Etihad and Qatar -- and Turkish Airlines so much as the swift expansion of their route networks . Turkish Airlines currently flies to about 253 destinations , and plans to add another 60 to its network in the next five years . Emirates , meanwhile , is rumored to have placed a record-breaking order for Boeing 's 777X aircraft . "  These carriers have a good modern fleet and can fly long distances , and because of their geographical position , they can connect anywhere from their hub to almost anywhere else in the world , either non-stop , or one-stop , " says John Strickland , an independent transport consultant . When it comes to choosing what routes to launch , it happens that the region 's major carriers have a carefully calculated strategy that can speak volumes about emerging markets . Slideshow : How drones will change your life Breaking up America ? Traditionally , the United States has been overlooked in favor of the European market by the Gulf carriers and Turkish . All that 's changing as Etihad , Emirates , Qatar and Turkish Airlines all either introduced direct routes to the States last year , or else have some in the works for 2014 . "  They 're really starting to shake up the U.S. market for the first time , " says Brendan Sobie , a spokesperson for the Center for Aviation . Last year , Dubai launched a direct flight from New York City to Milan -- the first time in the airline 's history a flight bypassed the Dubai hub  last year , Delta and Alitalia unsuccessfully sued the Italian government to block the Emirates route  . In the next 15 years , the airline plans to double the number of U.S. destinations it flies into . Etihad will fly to four U.S. cities by the end of 2014 , while Qatar Airways will be up to six . The expansion has not gone unnoticed by the American aviation industry . The U.S. trade group Airlines for America and the U.S. pilot union , Air Line Pilots Association International , have been the most ardent opponents of the Gulf carriers encroachment into the U.S. market , often joining Delta and United in lobbying Congress for protectionist policies . "  It is interesting to see how the U.S. carriers and politicians are starting to respond , " says Sobie . Read more : Why the Dubai Airshow is a gamechanger Tapping Africa In just a couple of years , Turkish Airlines has become the largest international carrier in Africa , flying into 39 destinations . At first glance , some of the African cities in their network might seem random -- why fly to Somalia ? Their business plan underlines investment strategies for Turkey as a whole . According to the Center for Aviation many of the countries they serve , or are planning to serve , have a rapidly growing economy . In 2012 , Rwanda 's GDP grew by 8 % , and Nigeria 's by 6.6 % . The continent also houses a wealth of natural resources . "  The most important geographic part of the world over the next 100 years will be Africa . In this respect , any destination  we fly to  in Africa will create more effective results than , say , a destination in Europe , " says Ali Genc , Turkish Airlines ' senior vice president of media relations . Quiz time : Test your aviation knowledge Building BRICs Turkish Airlines and the Gulf carriers have been increasingly developing their network across Brazil , Russia , India and China  BRICs  -- the nations widely viewed as the most promising developing markets in the 21st century . The importance of developing these routes is not simply to connect these emerging markets with the Middle East , but with each other . "  Carriers like Emirates , Etihad and Qatar can access emerging markets in Africa , Asia and Latin America and connect them in a way that is meaningful to travelers , and that European carriers ca n't hope to copy , " says Strickland . Budget carriers like Air Arabia and flydubai have become particularly attractive to cities and towns across Central and Eastern Europe . "  Regionally , we 're seeing a lot of interest in the Commonwealth of Independent States  CIS  , " says Sobie . "  Air Arabia and flydubai is a good fit for the medium-haul , thinner routes that are high-yielding and growing , but ca n't support the widebody aircraft of Emirates , " he adds .	Emirates , Etihad and Qatar are expanding into the U.S. marketplace Some airlines are working hard to block their entrance Turkish Airlines -- one of the fastest growing carriers -- has a massive network in Africa Connecting emerging markets to each other is goal of many Mideast airlines
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Sixteen people were killed an attack overnight on soldiers in Ukraine 's eastern Donetsk region , local health officials said , in the latest spike in violence ahead of the weekend 's presidential election . At least 13 of those who died in Donetsk were soldiers , according to acting President Oleksandr Turchynov . Another soldier was killed in a strike on a military convoy in the Luhansk region , the Defense Ministry said earlier , bringing the death toll overnight to at least 14 Ukrainian troops . Donetsk region 's Health Department said 16 people had died in total and that 32 were hospitalized across the region , but did not specify how many were soldiers . In the Donetsk attack , an armored vehicle at a checkpoint in Volnovaha was hit by rocket-propelled grenades and mortars , which caused ammunition on board to ignite , the Defense Ministry said . The second attack hit a convoy of vehicles in Rubizhne in the Luhansk region , the ministry said . It added that "  terrorists " blocked a bridge with "  civilian provocateurs " and then opened fire using the people as human shields . No independent confirmation of the claims or response from separatist forces in eastern Ukraine was immediately available . Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk called for an immediate emergency meeting of the U.N. Security Council following the reported violence , which came as the interim government in Kiev prepares to hold presidential elections Sunday . "  We will provide evidence that it is Russia trying to escalate the conflict , attempts to seize Ukrainian state border checkpoints and scuttle the presidential election , " he was quoted as saying by his office . Tensions remain high in Donetsk and Luhansk , where pro-Russia separatists staged a referendum on independence this month and control key public buildings in a number of towns and cities . Ukraine 's Central Election Commission said Wednesday that 13 out of 34 local election commissions in Luhansk and Donetsk were "  blocked , " or under the control of militia , the official Ukrinform news agency reported . Three others "  are operating but under threat of seizure , " it said . NATO chief : Signs of Russian troop activity Kiev and the West have accused Russia of supporting the separatists and have urged Moscow to take steps to de-escalate the crisis . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Thursday that there were indications that Russia may be preparing to pull back some of the forces it has amassed near Ukraine 's border . On Monday , the Kremlin said that Russian President Vladimir Putin had ordered tens of thousands of troops near the Ukraine border to return to their bases but added the withdrawal could take some time . NATO has seen "  limited " Russian troop activity "  that MAY suggest that some of these forces are preparing to withdraw , " Rasmussen said via Twitter . "  It is too early to say what this means , but I hope this is the start of a full and genuine withdrawal . " His remarks came a day after a U.S. defense official told CNN the United States had seen the first preliminary signs that Russian forces might be preparing to move away from Ukraine 's eastern border . Rasmussen cautioned that most of the Russian force deployed near the border remains there and that Russian military exercises continue . But he added , "  Any meaningful , comprehensive and verifiable withdrawal would be a first step from #Russia into the right direction . " Yatsenyuk was more skeptical , dismissing Russia 's claims of a pullback as a "  bluff , " according to a statement from his office . "  Even if the troops are pulling back , armed terrorists trained in Russia illegally break the state border of Ukraine with the direct assistance of Russia , " he said . Ukraine cites ` provocations ' Ukraine 's Foreign Ministry said Thursday that Ukrainian border guards had again stopped armed militant groups trying to bring weapons and ammunition across the border from Russia . These attempts occur with "  the full connivance of the Russian authorities and unlawful inactivity by Russian border guards , " it said in a statement . "  These and other provocations by Russian side in Ukraine are regarded as attempts to disrupt the presidential elections on 25 May and destabilize the situation in the eastern region of our country . " Ukraine 's Interior Ministry also reported armed border clashes which , it said , left five border guards injured and one suffering a concussion following a grenade blast . Moscow , which blames the unrest roiling its neighbor on far-right , ultranationalist groups , denies having direct influence over the pro-Russia militants in Ukraine . NATO and the United States have previously estimated the size of the Russian force gathered near the border with Ukraine at around 40,000 troops . The United States , which along with other Western countries has sanctioned Russia for its disputed takeover of Ukraine 's Crimea region , has threatened additional punishment for Russia if it fails to pull its troops back . Diplomats meet over Prince Charles report Separately , Russia 's deputy ambassador to the United Kingdom is meeting a senior UK Foreign Office official Thursday in London amid controversy over comments reportedly made by Prince Charles . The Russian Embassy requested the meeting Wednesday , two days after Charles reportedly compared Putin to Adolf Hitler during a trip to Canada . A statement will be given after the meeting , the Foreign Office said . According to the Daily Mail newspaper , Charles made the offhand comment during a tour of the Canadian Museum of Immigration in Halifax , Nova Scotia , while talking with a Polish woman who told the British royal how she 'd escaped the Nazi Holocaust by fleeing to Canada . "  The prince then said , ` And now Putin is doing just about the same as Hitler , ' " the newspaper quoted the woman as saying , referring to Russia 's annexation of Crimea in March . CNN has not been able independently to confirm the conversation . Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich said that "  if these words were really said , they undoubtedly do no honor to the future British monarch , " according to the ministry 's website . "  We find the use of members of the British royal family by Western media in a propaganda campaign against Russia on the difficult international issue of the situation in Ukraine unacceptable , outrageous and low , " Lukashevich is quoted as saying . Representatives for Charles declined to comment . "  However , we would like to stress that the Prince of Wales would not seek to make a public political statement during a private conversation , " Clarence House said in a statement . Some Russian troops at Ukraine border may be ` packing up ' Prince Charles draws fire for reportedly comparing Putin to Hitler Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Lindsay Isaac , Mike Pearson and Neda Farshbaf contributed to this report .	Donetsk health authority says 16 people died in overnight violence , 32 were injured Acting President says 13 soldiers were killed in Donetsk ; a 14th soldier died in Luhansk Ukraine PM urges emergency U.N. meeting , accuses Russia of trying to derail election NATO chief says there may be signs Russia is preparing to pull back forces from border area
CNN  -- Reigning world champions , Italy have been held to a 1-1 draw by New Zealand in their World Cup Group F match at the Mbombela Stadium in Nelspruit . The All Whites took a shock lead after seven minutes when Shane Smeltz turned in Simon Elliot 's free kick from close range . Replays showed that Smeltz was offside when Kiwi defender Winston Reid flicked the ball on to him , but the lineman 's flag stayed down . The goal instigated a frenzied period of Italian pressure which eventually told when referee Carlos Batres awarded a penalty after defender Tommy Smith tugged at Daniele De Rossi 's shirt in the Kiwi 's penalty area . Striker , Vincenzo Iaquinta stepped up and sent keeper Mark Paston the wrong way to level the scores . Italy continued to press in the second half but found no route through a spirited and steadfast defense expertly organized by Kiwi captain Ryan Nelsen . Despite throwing on all his three substitutes by the 61st minute , Italian coach , Marcello Lippi and his players found their attacking edge continually blunted . Even their long range efforts were dealt with . In the 70th minute , Riccardo Montolivo 's 25-yard drive fizzed towards goal only for keeper Paston to produce the save of the match and push the ball to safety . The stalemate continued , but New Zealand 's Chris Wood could have won it for the All Whites in the 83rd minute when he shot narrowly wide of Federico Marchetti 's left post . The result leaves Italy progression to the knockout stage in doubt . A win against Slovakia would ensure qualification , but they must rely on New Zealand getting a result against Paraguay to have any chance of topping their group . Coach Lippi said his team lacked "  lucidity . " "  The result is 1-1 so we just have to pull up our socks and win our next game because we do n't want to go home early , " Lippi said , AFP reported . "  We are in a difficult situation but we are not in a panic situation . We will have to win the next match . " For New Zealand , a team ranked 73 places below Italy in FIFA 's official world rankings , the result is one to savor . "  It 's an incredible result and it 's way above anything we have achieved before against the stature of our competitors , " New Zealand 's coach Ricki Herbert said , AFP reported . "  Anything is possible and we 're doing okay for a team who some say should n't be playing at this World Cup , " he added . Paraguay outclass Slovakia In the other match in Group F , Paraguay beat Slovakia 2-0 at the Free State Stadium in Bloemfontein . Cristian Riveros ' 86th minute strike sealed a comfortable victory for the South American team after midfielder Enrique Vera had given them the lead in the first half . The result leaves Slovakia needing to beat Italy in their final group match this Thursday to have any chance of progressing to the next round . Paraguay , meanwhile , are almost certain to qualify and need just a point against New Zealand to reach the last 16 . Paraguay 's win was never really in doubt as they pressed forward from the opening whistle , while Slovakia was content to sit back and defend . Paraguay took a deserved lead in the 26th minute . Lucas Barrios picked up the ball outside the Slovakia penalty area before slipping the ball through to Enrique Vera who , with Zendo Strba and Jan Durica bearing down on him , clipped the ball with the outside of his boot past Slovak keeper Jan Mucha . The goal stirred a defensive-minded Slovakia into life forcing them onto the front foot , but their new found urgency failed to create any chances of merit as a succession of promising moves came to nothing . Roque Santa Cruz should have doubled Paraguay 's in the 38th minute , when he latched onto a loose ball on the edge of Slovakia 's penalty area . The Manchester City striker fired low , but straight at Mucha , who comfortably saved with his feet . Santa Cruz turned provider in the second half , breaking down the left past Slovakia 's Vladimir Weiss in the 72nd minute . His cross found an unmarked Vera in the penalty area but he directed his header inches wide of Mucha 's right post . But the win was confirmed when Paulo Da Silva was given an age to tee up Riveros on the edge of the box who wasted no time in smashing the ball past Mucha . Weiss went close for Slovakia in injury time , but he and his team toiled fruitlessly in search of a goal for most of the game while Paraguay , who with Santa Cruz , Nelson Haedo Valdez and Barrios had class to spare in midfield .	Italy held to 1-1 draw by New Zealand in Nelspruit Smeltz puts Kiwis ahead after seven minutes before Italy equalize through a penalty Paraguay ease to comfortable 2-0 win against a poor Slovakia Enrique Vera and Cristian Riveros score goals in each half to sink Slovakia
Alexandria , Virginia  CNN  -- A Moroccan man charged with plotting a suicide bomb attack on the U.S. Capitol will remain in jail , a federal judge ruled Wednesday . Amine El Khalifi made a brief appearance in federal court and waived his right to have a preliminary hearing and to contest his detention . Magistrate Judge John Anderson said there are no conditions under which El Khalifi should be released at this time both because of the seriousness of the charge against him and because the defendant is in the U.S. illegally . Khalifi , wearing a green jail jumpsuit , spoke only to confirm to the judge he had talked with his federal public defender and did not want a preliminary hearing . El Khalifi was arrested on Friday as the result of an FBI sting operation . According to a criminal complaint , El Khalifi accepted a MAC-10 automatic gun and what he thought was a suicide vest containing explosives . He was quickly taken into custody as he attempted to leave a parking garage wearing the vest and walk to the U.S. Capitol building , said the document . "  Unbeknownst to El Khalifi , both the weapon and the bomb had been rendered inoperable by law enforcement , " said the criminal complaint . El Khalifi allegedly told an undercover FBI agent and another man assisting law enforcement that he intended to use the MAC-10 to "  shoot people before detonating the bomb . " El Khalifi allegedly thought he was working with al Qaeda but a man referred to in court documents as "  Yusuf " was an undercover agent . U.S. officials said El Khalifi had been closely monitored since early December and that the public was never in danger . U.S. officials said the suspect was not connected to terrorists and was working alone . U.S. Attorney Neil MacBride said Friday that El Khalifi "  devised the plot , the targets and the methods on his own . " According to the affidavit , El Khalifi changed his mind about what to target and at various points had considered hitting a restaurant , a military installation and a synagogue . He finally decided to try to blow himself up in the United States Capitol , according to the court document , and said "  he would be happy killing 30 people . " Threatening letters sent to congressional offices El Khalifi , age 29 , came to the United States in June 1999 under a B2 visa , which allows visitors for tourism and medical treatment . But U.S. officials said his visa expired later the same year and he has been in the country illegally ever since . The court document said that in January 2011 a confidential source reported to the FBI that El Khalifi met with people at a residence in Arlington , Virginia , where another individual brought out some weapons , including an AK-47 . "  El Khalifi expressed agreement with a statement by this individual that the ` war on terrorism ' was a ` war on Muslims , ' and said that the group needed to be ready for war , " according to the affidavit . A young man who would only give his last name as Mohamed attended Wednesday 's court hearing . Afterward he told reporters that he and El Khalifi often attended prayers at the same mosque . Mohamed said the extent of his relationship with El Khalifi was to exchange greetings with him , but he said El Khalifi stood out for having tattoos and sometimes sporting a Mohawk haircut , and because he sweated so much that he carried a towel around at the mosque . Mohamed said he believes FBI informants frequent the mosque where he and El Khalifi pray and that the Moroccan man was entrapped by law enforcement . However , he said , El Khalifi "  probably had a willingness to attack Americans . " U.S. officials said that El Khalifi was not entrapped . The affidavit prepared by an FBI agent said there are video and audio recordings that were taken during the course of the investigation , but the document does not discuss what is in those recordings . In an e-mail , El Khalifi 's federal public defender , Kenneth Troccoli , said he would make no immediate comment . El Khalifi faces a maximum of life in prison if convicted on the charge of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction to attack the Capitol .	Amine El Khalifi made a brief appearance in federal court Wednesday He waived his right to have a preliminary hearing and to contest his detention El Khalifi was arrested Friday as the result of an FBI sting operation He accepted a gun and what he thought was a bomb vest , according to the complaint
CNN  Get ready , binge-watchers : There 's a new candidate for your consideration . "  Bosch " is set to debut Friday and will be Amazon 's first foray into the world of original dramas . The streaming giant has found success with the transgender comedy "  Transparent , " which won Golden Globes for best TV series , musical or comedy and best actor for star Jeffrey Tambor . But "  Bosch " enters into the territory more familiar to competitor Netflix , which has several dramas , including the critically acclaimed "  House of Cards . " The Amazon series centers on Harry Bosch , the fictional LAPD homicide detective who is the hero of Michael Connelly 's series of dark crime novels . The series is a bit of a gamble for Amazon and Connelly , but he calls the project a "  no-brainer . " He said officials at the online retailer first approached him , saying they liked the synergy of having both the TV series and the books on the site . Amazon sells thousands of books written by Connelly . His latest , "  The Burning Room , " debuted at No. 1 on The New York Times Best Seller list in November , so Amazon believes it 's playing to a built-in audience . Connelly has waited more than 20 years to bring "  Bosch " to the screen . After he sold the TV and movie rights to the character in the 1990s , the project languished for years in turnaround , Hollywood 's version of purgatory . Connelly finally bought back the rights and started working on his own vision of "  Bosch . " Then Amazon came calling , offering Connelly the creative freedom he wanted , and a partnership was formed . "  I did n't need the money , " the author said . "  I had this resolve that I 'm either going to do it right or or I 'm not going to do it all , because Harry Bosch is too precious to me . " Connelly said he oversaw every aspect of the series , hiring the creative team , helping write the scripts and even giving his say on the cast , which includes Titus Welliver , Jamie Hector , Amy Aquino and Lance Reddick . Connelly said he 's "  extremely happy " with the result , adding , "  If you like the books , you 're going to love the show . " Connelly doled out special praise for Welliver , who fills the title role . A veteran character actor , Welliver has played supporting parts on hit shows such as "  The Good Wife " and "  Sons of Anarchy . " Viewers might remember him best as "  The Man in Black " from "  Lost . " Connelly said Welliver was the perfect actor to play the moody detective , bridging the gap between page and screen . "  Titus can portray internal conflict just through his eyes , his look or a moment , " the author said . "  When you see a vein pulsing in his temple , you know this is a guy who can pick up that slack for you . " And he said he likes the idea of Harry Bosch "  joining the new wave " of streaming series . Connelly -- an admitted insomniac -- rarely goes to the movie theater or watches prime-time TV but does stream shows when he ca n't sleep . Among his favorites are "  House of Cards " on Netflix , "  Alpha Dogs " and , yes , "  Transparent . " For now , Connelly is eagerly awaiting the series ' premiere , working on his next novel and hoping Amazon green-lights a second season . Whether "  Bosch " is a blockbuster or a bust , Connelly said , "  If the show is great or bad , it 's going to be my doing , and I 'm happy to make that gamble . " The 10 episodes of "  Bosch " will be available for streaming on Amazon Prime on Friday .	Author Michael Connelly says the time is right for show about homicide detective Amazon is happy to have book and broadcast rights to "  Bosch "
CNN  -- Tiger Woods believes he has fixed the swing problems that led to his disastrous Masters showing last month , although he accepts that a chronic left knee problem will always compromise his efforts to improve . The former world No. 1 is getting ready for his first tournament since he finished way down the field in 40th at Augusta , his worst result as a pro at the tournament he has won four times . He had started the tournament as many people 's favorite after winning the Arnold Palmer Invitational in the lead-up , but a string of wayward tee shots led to him failing to break par in any of the four rounds . "  At the Masters , I was kind of struggling with my ball-striking a little bit , " Woods said during a question-and-answer session with his fans that was posted on his personal website . "  Sean  Foley , Woods ' swing coach  and I fixed it . It had to do with my posture . My setup was n't quite right as well as my takeaway , so we worked on that . "  I 'm getting dialed in . " Woods will compete in the Wells Fargo Championship at Quail Hollow beginning Thursday . He won the PGA Tour event in 2007 , although he missed the cut in his last appearance in 2010 . "  I feel like if I can do the things that we 've been working on , and get my posture and my takeaway dialed in , then yes , I have a good chance , " said Woods , who will then play at the Players Championship at Sawgrass the following week . But the 36-year-old American said the left knee injury that has already needed surgery four times will be an issue for the rest of his career . "  I 've trashed it pretty good over the years and we 're working on things to alleviate the amount of stress  as much as  we possibly can on the knee so I can play for however long I want to play for , " he said . "  And that 's one of the reasons I 've changed my swing over the years , to try and alleviate that stress . I 've had four surgeries on the knee so let 's just end it at four and have a nice happy , healthy life . " The video question and answer session was a first for Woods , who has opted not to carry out a news conference before the Wells Fargo tournament . Woods has appeared increasingly keen to engage his fans in recent years , and especially since the scandal about his personal life erupted in 2009 . He answered 19 questions sent in via Facebook and Twitter in a 15-minute video . Woods said his favorite trophy was the claret jug awarded to the winner of the British Open , which he has lifted three times . His most memorable putt was the one he holed from four foot to par the 18th and win the 1997 Masters by 12 strokes . "  To set the record , all the history it meant at the time , to have my dad there at the back of the green , " Woods said . "  By far it was the biggest . " Having taken a week off from golf completely after the Masters , Woods said he was excited about returning to action at Quail Hollow where Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson will be among his rivals . Masters winner Bubba Watson and world No. 1 Luke Donald are skipping the tournament . "  I did n't touch a club for a week and then the last couple of weeks I 've got back into it gradually and started ramping up my practice schedule , my practice time , " Woods said . "  I feel very excited about playing , and all the things that Sean and I have been working on , I just need to implement . "	Tiger Woods says he has worked hard on his swing with coach Sean Foley The former world No. 1 finished 40th at the Masters , his worst finish there as a pro Woods will return at the Wells Fargo Championship beginning Thursday
CNN  Gwyneth Paltrow , the actress turned lifestyle guru , is known for promoting detoxes and health cleanses on her site , Goop.com . But she 's now bringing awareness to the difficulties of life on food stamps . In a tweet Friday , Paltrow showcased an array of leafy greens , dried beans and rice , purchased for the amount a person living on food stamps is allotted each week , she explained . The amount of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits a person can get is based on the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Thrifty Food Plan . The plan estimates how much it costs to buy food , according to the United States Department of Agriculture . In this case , Paltrow will be spending just under $ 30 for groceries . Her participation is part of the #FoodBankNYCChallenge . Celebrity chef Mario Batali , a close friend of the star 's , nominated Paltrow and musicians Sting and Deborah Harry for the challenge through a video . The challenge urges participants to use only $ 29 for all the food a person eats for seven days . "  For one week , walk in someone else 's shoes , " Batali is quoted saying on the Food Bank for New York City 's website . "  By truly understanding what our friends and neighbors are going through , we will be better equipped to find solutions . " The #FoodBankNYCChallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week , which translates to $ 1.38 per meal , according to the site . The effort is in response to recent cuts to food stamps . "  Congress cut food stamps twice since 2013 , and soup kitchens and food pantries saw an immediate increase in visitors , " the site explains . Organizers hope the challenge will raise public awareness of the struggles for families to afford food while on food stamps .	Actress Gwyneth Paltrow is trying to live on $ 29 worth of food for one week It 's a part of the #FoodBankNYCChallenge , which is bringing awareness to food poverty Paltrow was nominated by her friend chef Mario Batali
An hour or so drive from the chaotic and congested streets of downtown Cairo is a very different world . Thousands of pristine new buildings -- many only half-built -- often within gated compounds are surrounded by miles of barren desert . New Cairo is one of a handful of "  satellite cities " that are being developed in the desert about 40 kilometers from the city center . The landscape is far from conventionally beautiful , but attracted the attention of a British photographer Jason Larkin who spent two years chronicling the developments . Cairo 's satellite cities have been developed on-and-off for 30 years , but a recent building boom has slowed since the fall of president Hosni Mubarak in February . Larkin became interested after the American University of Cairo moved to a new campus in New Cairo in 2008 . "  I started to hear from students who were alarmed to find themselves in the middle of the desert , " he said . "  I wanted to look for myself and was struck by the environment . "  They were pristine buildings but with completely barren surroundings . You ca n't get there by public transport . I realized it had so little of what a city needs . " Larkin spent two years photographing Cairo 's satellite cities and their construction sites . He said : "  There were many projects I never saw any work on : Half-finished construction sites where people with big ideas had run out of money . "  Others have been halted because of disputes and allegations of corruption over the sale of the land . " Larkin added : "  Of all the areas I photographed , I would say 80 % were not occupied . " For centuries , the population of Cairo -- now 10.9 million , according to the CIA World Factbook -- was confined to a narrow strip of fertile land along the River Nile . In 1969 a development plan was launched to expand Greater Cairo into the surrounding deserts , according to a 2009 report by U.N. Habitat , the United Nations agency for human settlements Mohamed Elshahed , a doctoral student who started a blog , Cairobserver , on the city 's architecture and urban planning , has also taken an interest in satellite cities . He said the gated compounds of villas for the wealthy currently being built were opposite to the initial intention of satellite cities . Elshahed said : "  The development of satellite cities has gone through several false starts . The initial idea in the 1970s was to respond to the housing crisis and create budget or social housing projects . The problem was that the poorest ca n't afford to live so far away without transport to bring them to work . "  This initial phase was a complete failure and mostly remained vacant . There were further attempts in the 1990s . Now we are seeing a reverse of the initial idea and they are exclusively high-end developments . " Ehshahed said the gated compounds were being developed at the expense of preserving the historic city center . "  There 's no recognition of Cairo 's architectural heritage and history , " he said . "  It 's as if we 're living in Dubai , but this is n't Dubai , it 's a city that 's been around for 1,000 years . " Elshahed added : "  The center of the city is deteriorating and the rich do n't want to be there anymore . They can afford to live outside the city and cut themselves off . " However , Elshahed said that despite having a combined population estimated at 1.5 million , the satellite cities had failed to ease the overcrowding of Cairo . He said : "  The satellite cities are not working for many reasons . The main reason is that a housing bubble was created in the last five-to-eight years without the demand to fill them , leaving a lot of empty homes in the desert . "  Plus a lot of people who can afford these types of houses , already have second or third homes , so they are empty most of the time and it does nothing to help the housing crisis . "  There has been a government policy that this type of development is a positive sign of progress and is to be encouraged , but that is very superficial because they are not really helping anyone . " Elshahed said the main cities with names such as 6 October and 15 May , as well as New Cairo , were each made up of many individual developments , some a further 15 or 20 minutes drive into the desert . Working with the Cairo-based journalist Jack Shenker , Larkin produced a 6,000-word photo essay on satellite cities , called Cairo Divided , in English and Arabic , available for only the cost of postage and packing . "  We had 5,000 copies printed and have had phenomenal interest from people interested in urban development , Cairo itself , or global cities generally . "	Cairo 's satellite cities were first conceived more than 30 years ago to ease overcrowding Recently they have become home to exclusive gated compounds , often standing empty Photographer Jason Larkin spent two years documenting the developments in a project called Cairo Divided
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian authorities released Suzanne Mubarak , the wife of ousted President Hosni Mubarak , on bail Tuesday after she relinquished assets to the state . Suzanne Mubarak , 70 , gave up bank accounts worth $ 3.4 million , said Aly Hassan , a spokesman for the department overseeing a corruption probe . Mubarak also signed an affidavit allowing further investigation into her fortunes both in Egypt and abroad , Hassan said . She also gave up a villa , reported the state-owned Al Ahram newspaper . Mubarak and her husband , who was ousted from power February 11 after 18 days of uprising , face allegations of illegally acquiring wealth . Hosni Mubarak is also being investigated for culpability in the deaths of protesters . He remains in detention . Mohamed Fathalla , a doctor at the Sharm el-Sheikh hospital , said Suzanne Mubarak 's blood pressure was extremely high and she should not be detained any more , Al Ahram said . Her psychological state was also volatile , said Adel Adawy , assistant to the health minister , and she will be treated at Sharm el-Sheikh hospital , the newspaper said . She was hospitalized after suffering a heart attack last week and was treated in the intensive care unit . Assem al-Gohary , the assistant justice minister for the Illicit Gains Authority , had ordered her detained for "  obtaining illegal wealth using her husband 's position and political authority . " A team of investigators from the authority , a separate investigative unit under the Ministry of Justice , had questioned the former president in the same hospital for three hours last Thursday regarding "  using his political position as president to acquire illegal wealth . " "  Hosni Mubarak was also questioned about his luxury mansion in Sharm el-Sheikh , " al-Gohary said . Last month , the former president suffered a heart attack during questioning over possible corruption charges , Egyptian state television reported . But the head doctor from a Ministry of Justice team assisting with the questioning disputed the diagnosis , saying later that the former leader had heart palpitations and was able to walk with assistance . He was deemed stable enough to allow prosecutors to resume questioning at the hospital , according to Al Ahram . Hosni Mubarak has said the state inquiry is aimed at tarnishing his reputation and that of his family . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	Suzanne Mubarak gave up bank accounts worth $ 3.4 million A doctor says her blood pressure is extremely high She and her husband are accused of amassing wealth illegally
CNN  -- Swiss scientists say levels of polonium-210 measured in the personal effects and body tissues of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat "  moderately " support a proposition that he died of polonium poisoning . The findings released by the University Center of Legal Medicine of Lausanne -- first reported Wednesday by Al Jazeera -- do not address how Arafat , who died in 2004 at age 75 , might have been poisoned or who might have done it . The report comes a year after Arafat 's widow , suspecting he was poisoned , had the body exhumed for tests after the radioactive isotope polonium-210 was found on some of his personal belongings in 2012 . The Swiss center said it identified "  significant quantities " of polonium in biological stains on those belongings . Some polonium also was found in samples of remains taken during last year 's exhumation , it said . What polonium does to the body The scientists ' findings may renew controversial allegations over how Arafat -- the most prominent face of Palestinian opposition to Israel for five decades -- died . The Palestinian Authority , which runs the West Bank , has said Israel would have been behind any poisoning of Arafat , who was regarded by many Palestinians as a father figure . "  I believe that all fingers are pointed at the Israeli occupation ... who have experience in such cases of poisoning , " said Wasel Abu Yousef , a member of the executive committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization . Yousef called for a "  criminal international committee " to be formed to investigate the report . An Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman said Wednesday that any such accusation would be "  utter nonsense . " "  This is nothing to do with us , and for the moment they refrained  from  making accusations , " Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said . "  They know why -- there 's no strictly no connection to Israel . " The Swiss center pointed out some caveats : -- The testing was based on "  very small specimens . " The center noted that blood , urine and other specimens were destroyed after Arafat 's hospitalization . -- Eight years passed between the death and the exhumation . Because polonium-210 has a half-life of just 138 days , its detection after eight years is "  very difficult and subject to uncertainties . " -- The "  chain of custody " of Arafat 's personal effects -- from the time he died and when the center began to study them in 2012 -- is unclear , it said . Paddy Regan , a professor of radionuclide metrology in the physics department at the University of Surrey in Guildford , England , agreed that the years that have elapsed since Arafat 's death make it more difficult to estimate how much isotope was there originally . "  It 's like a blindfolded man holding the tail of an elephant and using that to estimate the weight of the elephant , " Regan told CNN in a telephone interview . "  You can do it , but there is a huge amount of extrapolation involved . " And the mere presence of the isotope -- in amounts significantly higher than what occurs naturally -- does not necessarily mean that that is what killed Arafat , he added , citing the scientists ' measurement of a urine stain on Arafat 's underwear . "  If you were being cynical about such a thing , if you wanted to put a false trail out there , you could put a tiny amount of polonium 210 on that urine stain , " he said . "  That does n't mean that the urine stain came from inside him . " French prosecutors launch murder inquiry in Arafat 's death But the report expressed doubt that that could have occurred . It said that Arafat 's widow had "  certified that the measured personal effects have been stored in a secured room . " And biological samples -- including from bone -- also contained a higher concentration of the isotope , said Regan , who complimented the work of the Swiss experts . "  These are good forensic scientists , " he said . "  These results imply that , at the time of his death , Mr. Arafat had an amount of polonium-210 present in his system that would be significantly detrimental to his health . " How much would it take ? "  It 's a terrifyingly small amount , " Regan said . "  The size of a grain of salt , something like that . " Arafat , who first led the Palestine Liberation Organization and then the Palestinian Authority , died in a Paris military hospital in November 2004 after suffering a stroke after weeks of illness . Palestinian officials said in the days before his death that Arafat had a blood disorder -- though they ruled out leukemia -- and that he had digestive problems . Rumors of poisoning circulated at the time , but the Palestinian Authority 's then-foreign minister , Nabil Sha'ath , said he "  totally " ruled them out . French authorities -- responding to a request from Arafat 's widow -- opened a murder inquiry into his death in 2012 after high levels of polonium-210 were detected on Arafat 's toothbrush , clothing and his keffiyeh , the trademark black-and-white headscarf he often wore . France opened the investigation partly because Arafat died there . Forensic experts from Switzerland and Russia took their own samples for independent analysis . Radiation poisoning from polonium-210 looks like the end stage of cancer , according to medical experts . The radioactive substance can enter body by eating or drinking contaminated things , breathing contaminated air , or inhaling or ingesting bodily fluids from someone contaminated with it . A wound can also become contaminated . Russian spy dies after polonium poisoning CNN 's Matthew Chance , Michael Schwartz , Kareem Khadder , Tom Watkins , Jason Hanna and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	A dose "  the size of a grain of salt , something like that " could be deadly , professor says The Palestinian leader died in 2004 at age 75 Last year , his widow , suspecting he was poisoned , had the body exhumed for tests Polonium-210 -- a radioactive substance -- had been detected on his clothing and toothbrush
As hospitals in nations hardest hit by Ebola struggle to keep up , desperate patients are turning to the black market to buy blood from survivors of the virus , the World Health Organization warned . The deadliest Ebola outbreak in history has killed at least 2,400 people in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone -- the countries most affected by the virus . Blood from survivors , referred to as convalescent serum , is said to have antibodies that can fight the deadly virus . Though the treatment is unproven , it has provided some promise for those fighting a disease that 's killing more than half of those it has infected . "  Studies suggest blood transfusions from survivors might prevent or treat Ebola virus infection in others , but the results of the studies are still difficult to interpret , " the WHO said . "  It is not known whether antibodies in the plasma of survivors are sufficient to treat or prevent the disease . More research is needed . " Convalescent serum has been used to treat patients , including American aid worker Rick Sacra , who is hospitalized in Omaha , Nebraska . He got blood from Kent Brantly , a fellow American who survived Ebola . Both got infected when they were helping patients in Liberia . But unlike their situation , patients in affected nations are getting blood through improper channels . The illicit trade can lead to the spread of other infections , including HIV and other blood-related ailments . "  We need to work very closely with the affected countries to stem out black market trading of convalescent serum for two reasons , " Margaret Chan , the WHO 's director-general , said this week . "  Because it is in the interest of individuals not to just get convalescent serum without ... going through the proper standard and the proper testing because it is important that there may be other infectious vectors that we need to look at . " ` Just sitting , waiting to die ' Heath experts have declared the disease a global emergency and criticized the international community for a lax response . President Barack Obama on Tuesday announced the United States will send troops , material to build field hospitals , additional health care workers and community care kits to affected nations . The United States will also create a facility to help train thousands of health care workers to identify and care for Ebola patients . "  Men and women and children are just sitting , waiting to die right now , " Obama said . Hospitals in affected nations are overwhelmed , and the WHO has described the outbreak as a "  dire emergency with ... unprecedented dimensions " of human suffering . "  If the outbreak is not stopped now , we could be looking at hundreds of thousands of people infected with profound political and economic and security implications for all of us , " Obama said . What you need to know about the Ebola virus There is also a concern that the virus could mutate into an even more dangerous form . Ebola currently transmits only through contact with bodily fluids ; a mutation that allows the virus to spread through the air would pose a catastrophic threat to people worldwide , experts say . Meanwhile , a French volunteer with Doctors Without Borders contracted Ebola in Liberia and will be taken to France for further treatment , the group said Thursday . A private American plane will be used for the evacuation , according to the organization , which is known by its French acronym , MSF .	The Ebola outbreak in West Africa has killed at least 2,400 people The WHO says it 's working with affected nations to eliminate the black market trade of blood Convalescent serum is said to have antibodies that can fight the deadly virus Though unproven , desperate patients are doing whatever it takes
CNN  -- Police in Ohio said Wednesday they are investigating the deaths of two brothers found shot inside their grandparents ' home earlier in the day . The boys , ages 9 and 12 , were found in in Jackson , Ohio , about 75 miles south of Columbus . Police identified the boys as Austin Wiseman and Blake Campbell . The boys were half-brothers and lived with their grandparents , police said . The shooting occurred in an upstairs bedroom . Police did not elaborate on how the boys were killed but said they were not looking for any other people in connection with the shooting . "  That 's crazy to think two young boys are dead , and no one knows anything about it , " neighbor Michael Hatley told CNN affiliate WSAZ . It 's unclear whether there was anyone else at the home .	NEW : Police identify the pair , say they 're not looking for anyone else in the case NEW : The boys were shot in an upstairs bedroom , police say The boys were found in in Jackson , Ohio It 's unclear whether there was anyone else at the home
CNN  When racial conflict flared in Ferguson , Missouri , this summer it brought back terrible memories of what happened nearly 50 years ago , in the summer of 1965 . Then , with a Democratic administration riding high on a string of major legislative victories , including landmark civil rights and voting rights legislation , six days of horrendous rioting broke out in Watts , Los Angeles following community frustration with police brutality . As the nation celebrates the birthday of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. , it is a good time to look back at some of his unfulfilled agenda from the late 1960s , when he had turned his attention to issues directly related to the riots , such as fair housing , unemployment and the infrastructure of the cities . The rioting in Watts devastated the community . The conflict began on August 11 following a traffic stop in the African-American neighborhood . The police pulled over the car of 21-year-old Marquette Frye and his brother in the early evening . The police believed that Frye was intoxicated . Frye 's mother arrived on the scene and started to yell at the police to leave her son alone . In Watts , many community residents did n't trust the police . Charges of police brutality had been commonplace for decades . When the policeman arrested the brother and their mother , an angry crowd started to throw bottles and rocks at the police . Rumors circulated that the police had hit a pregnant woman . The rioting quickly spread through a 25-block area . One five-year-old boy was killed by sniper fire . President Lyndon Johnson , who had been riding high from a wave of legislative victories , could n't believe what he was hearing was taking place in Watts . His response shifted from anger to frustration to a determination to fix the problem . At times , Johnson showed his worst side by privately castigating the African Americans as irresponsible children who did n't appreciate what he had done for them and who were ruining everything that he had helped to achieve . During a conversation with I.W. Abel , the new president of the Steelworkers Union , on August 14 , Johnson said they had "  hell in Los Angeles " and that African Americans needed to learn they had "  obligations as well as rights . We fought like a devil to get them their rights and we 're going to continue to . And we want them to be responsible now . " The riots continued for six days with 34 people killed and hundreds injured . The National Guard helped restore order . More than 3,000 people were arrested . The buildings and businesses in the area were devastated . Americans watched in shock . Overseas , the Soviet Union blasted out images of the rioting to use as propaganda in an effort to show that racial violence was commonplace in this allegedly "  democratic " country . As Johnson 's anger simmered when the riots cooled down , he spoke much more about the deeper economic problems that he believed were fueling the anger in communities like Watts . Johnson had been moved by a report from Patrick Moynihan that traced the breakdown of the African American family after years of discrimination and hardship . On August 18 , Johnson told former CIA Director John McCone that these "  groups they got really absolutely nothing to live for . Forty percent of them are unemployed . These youngsters , they live with rats and they 've got no place to sleep ... broken homes and illegitimate families and all the narcotics are circulating around them ... . And we 've isolated them , and they 're all in one area , when they move in why we move out . " The riots caused tension with civil rights leaders , who were eager for Johnson to deal more aggressively with issues like police brutality and economic despair . On August 20 , Johnson told Martin Luther King that he was telling everyone the government needed to "  correct these conditions , " like housing and unemployment . King was frustrated . He complained to Johnson that the mayor of Los Angeles was "  absolutely insensitive to the problems and to the needs to really cure the situation . " King said the mayor and police leaders were unwilling to make any concessions . King feared that if there was more rioting there would be violent retaliation from white people . "  So that I 'm fearful that if something is n't done to give a new sense of hope to the people in that area -- and they are poverty stricken -- that a full-scale race war can develop here ... " King wanted Johnson to propose a robust poverty program for the area . Johnson said he fully supported such a strategy . The president said that they needed to get young African Americans jobs and homes . He said that "  I 've spent the biggest part of my life the last four years on civil rights bills , but it does n't , all of it comes to naught if you have a situation like war in the world or a situation in Los Angeles . " Johnson said that "  there 's no use giving lectures on the law as long as you 've got rats eating on people 's children and unemployed and no roof over their head and no job to go to and maybe with a dope needle in one hand and the cancer in the other ! " But , the president went on to say , there was n't much political support for doing anything substantial . Indeed , the Senate was already giving him a tough time on simply providing funding for his War on Poverty . "  I 'm having hell up here with this Congress , " Johnson said . In the end , the riots did not result in any major changes in policy . The only major outcome following two more riots in 1967  in Detroit and Newark  would be an independent commission , chaired by former Illinois Gov. Otto Kerner , that investigated the causes of the rioting . The Kerner Commission issued its landmark report in 1968 , concluding : "  Our nation is moving toward two societies , one black , one white -- separate and unequal . " But Congress never provided any substantial boost in funds to deal with these sorts of problems . The riots came right as Johnson 's political strength in Congress started to diminish . He did n't believe he could ask for money to do something about it . Ever since then , the situation in too many inner-city areas has remained grim even as neighborhoods around them boom with gentrification . Good jobs continued to be elusive . Policing remains a problem as does the narcotics trade . Families continue to suffer and educational opportunities have vanished . The nation has never dealt with the problems that afflicted Watts . The riots took place just as Johnson 's political power was staring to ebb and the white backlash against more racial reform was setting in . The inability to save the inner cities was one of the great failures of liberal reform in the past century , one that continues to haunt the nation .	Deadly riots erupted in an L.A. neighborhood in 1965 , just as LBJ 's power was waning Julian Zelizer says America never came to grips with problems that afflicted Watts , other inner cities
CNN  Nicholas Brendon , the actor who played Buffy 's sidekick Xander on "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer , " was arrested Friday on a charge of criminal mischief and property damage in Tallahassee , Florida . The actor , who has a recurring role on the CBS show "  Criminal Minds , " was in Tallahassee for a comic book convention . Tallahassee Police encountered Brendon , 43 , at a hotel "  in a state of confusion " with toothpaste on his face , rips in his clothes and pants wet from an overflowing toilet he allegedly caused , according to a police report . When officers checked the room , they found overturned furniture , the phone torn off the wall and water flowing from the bathroom to the hallway , the report said . In another room where Brendon was staying , they found a "  prescription pill bottle " with one pill left out of 10 that had been filled earlier that day . Hotel management asked to press charges , the report said , noting that Brendon was cooperative as he was placed under arrest . Brendon was arrested under similar circumstances in October and February . His representatives responded to CNN with a statement that said , "  Nicholas is battling a disease . He has been suffering from a lifelong desolation due to childhood trauma and he is finally coming to terms with what happened and where he sees himself in the future . This is the first time in his adult life that he is able to admit his troubles publicly , and he wants to do so while seeking the treatment that is best for him . This goes beyond a few months in a rehabilitation center , or a quick dose of anti-depressants : Nicholas ' struggle will go on for years , but he has a strong support system behind him that will guide him through the uphill battle that is chronic depression . " It went on , "  This past weekend 's chain of events was a cry for help . While it 's been depicted that Nicholas is a raging alcoholic with an anger problem , that is not the case . In the coming months , as Nicholas seeks treatment and speaks out about his demons , we are hoping to clear up any misconceptions about his character and his illness . Nicholas has sought legal and medical counsel to guide him . "	Nicholas Brendon of "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " has a recurring role on "  Criminal Minds " His representatives say he "  has been suffering from a lifelong desolation due to childhood trauma "
CNN  -- Part of the power of social networking is the ability to form communities with like-minded individuals . Attorney Brian Cuban is trying to get Facebook to remove pages for Holocaust denial groups such as this one . But what happens when those communities are offensive to others ? That issue is at the heart of attempts by a Dallas , Texas , attorney to have social-networking site Facebook remove pages for Holocaust deniers . The Holocaust Denial movement seeks to deny or minimize the Holocaust , in which Nazis killed about six million European Jews during World War II . Attorney Brian Cuban , brother of Dallas Mavericks team owner Mark Cuban , has been trying since last year to have the pages of groups with such names as "  Holocaust : A Series of Lies , " and "  Holocaust is a Holohoax " removed from Facebook . He pointed out that Facebook has removed groups based on complaints before and said the site is "  setting the subjective standard on what they remove and what they do n't . " "  There is no First Amendment right to free speech in the private realm , " Cuban said . "  This is n't a freedom-of-speech issue . Facebook is free to set the standard that they wish . " Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt said his company is in agreement with Cuban that the Holocaust-denial pages are offensive and objectionable . Where the two sides part , Schnitt said , is whether people have the right to discuss such ideas on Facebook . "  It 's a difficult decision to make . We have a lot of internal debate and we bring in experts to talk about it , " Schnitt said . "  Just being offensive or objectionable does n't get it taken off Facebook . We want it -LSB- the site -RSB- to be a place where people can discuss all kinds of ideas , including controversial ones . " Schnitt said Facebook has drawn the line with pages or groups that attack an individual or incite or threaten violence . Schnitt pointed to the recent removal of the "  Isle of Man KKK " page , created by residents of the island off the coast of England . Facebook interpreted the page 's advocacy of "  cleansing the island of foreigners " as threatening and inciting violence , he said . Facebook receives lots of reports about such pages and actively polices the site , Schnitt said . Last year Facebook removed several pages posted by Italian neo-Nazis after complaints that they encouraged violence against gypsies . Brian Cuban , who is of Russian Jewish descent , has written about his fight to have the Holocaust-denial pages removed on his site , The Cuban Revolution . He said he contacted Facebook after a conversation with a friend who runs the Jewish Internet Defense Force , a group that monitors and tries to eradicate anti-Semitic online content . The Jewish Internet Defense Force , which was successful in removing a Facebook page for the group "  Israel Is Not A Country ! Delist It From Facebook As A Country , " is outspoken in its own right and sometimes guilty of sweeping generalizations of its own . In an article on Brian Cuban 's site published during the 2008 presidential campaign , a representative from the Jewish Internet Defense Force was quoted as saying that "  99.9 percent of Muslims hate us . " The article went on to quote JIDF spokesman on the last Presidential campaign : "  We hope to continue to highlight the issues surrounding -LSB- then-candidate Barack Obama 's -RSB- terrorist connections as well as his racist and anti-Semitic church , which has supported Hamas and the Rev. Louis Farrakhan . " A Jewish Internet Defense Force spokesperson named David , who requested his last name be withheld because his group has received death threats , said Thursday he would rather people not focus on those specific quotes for several reasons , including the fact that it was an "  informal interview " and Cuban "  would not let us correct any of our statements after we quickly answered him to help him meet his deadline . " But on the matter of Facebook and Holocaust deniers , the Jewish Internet Defense Force has a clear stance . "  Facebook should not provide a platform for hatred , especially as it is against their TOS -LSB- terms of service -RSB- , " David said . "  Holocaust denial is illegal in 13 countries and represents a form of Jew hatred and hate speech in general . " Deborah Lipstadt is the Dorot Professor of Modern Jewish and Holocaust Studies at Emory University and an expert on Holocaust denial . She said social-networking sites like Facebook are attractive to deniers . "  It allows people to find one another , both for good and for bad , " she said . "  People who are drawn to Holocaust denial tend to be fringe kind of people who might not otherwise be able to find a group , but this way they can find other like-minded people . " Deborah Lauter , director of Civil Rights for the Anti-Defamation League , said the issue of anti-Semitism and hate speech online is a growing one , partly because of the anonymity the Web offers . Lauter pointed out that Facebook 's Statement of Rights and Responsibilities says that users "  will not post content that is hateful , threatening , pornographic , or that contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence . " She said the Anti-Defamation League has worked with sites such as YouTube and MySpace to encourage them to be "  socially responsible corporate citizens . " "  Even though in the States this kind of hate is protected speech , -LSB- Web sites -RSB- do n't have to provide the forum to help spread it , " said Lauter , whose organization is the U.S. representative for the International Network Against CyberHate . "  Our position is that if you are going to be providing it , then you have to step up and put in the mechanism for policing it . "	Brother of Dallas Mavericks owner wants Facebook to remove offensive pages Brian Cuban is fighting to have Holocaust Denial groups banned from site Facebook spokesman : "  Being offensive or objectionable " does n't warrant removal Expert : Deniers are drawn to social-networking sites to find like-minded people
Paris  CNN  -- A furnace exploded Monday at a nuclear site in France , killing one person and injuring four , a spokeswoman for French energy company EDF told CNN . There was no radioactive leak or waste released , she said . The French nuclear safety agency also said there had been no radioactive leak . The explosion happened at a center for processing and decommissioning nuclear waste , said the safety agency , which is known by its French acronym ASN . The agency has sent inspectors to the site , it said in a statement . The explosion took place in Marcoule , in southeastern France , the EDF spokeswoman said , declining to give her name in line with company policy . The building housing the furnace was not structurally damaged by the explosion , an official at the plant said . Different activities take place at the large-scale site , including research by France 's Center for Atomic Energy , said a spokeswoman for Areva , a nuclear company that has operations at Marcoule . Areva dismantles nuclear facilities at the site , she said . There are no nuclear power plants in Marcoule , the spokeswoman said , declining to give her name . Weapons-grade plutonium was once produced at the site , one of the oldest nuclear facilities in the country , but France no longer produces plutonium . The location is not far from the Cote du Rhone wine region . Ed Lyman of the Union of Concerned Scientists in the United States said he does not know of any comparable facilities there , but he said the incident in France shows that processing even low-level nuclear waste carries some risk . The incident could affect the debate over what the U.S. does with its spent nuclear fuel , said Lyman of the nuclear watchdog group . Currently , nuclear plants store the fuel in pools and in dry casks . Some say that it should be processed for reuse , as is done in France . But Lyman said that reprocessing creates large amounts of low-level waste and that Monday 's incident shows the risk of dealing with even that kind of waste . France relies heavily on nuclear power , which now accounts for about 80 % of the country 's electricity production , according to the U.S. State Department . The French government has been reviewing the country 's dependence on nuclear energy after the nuclear disaster at Fukushima in Japan in March 2011 , which was triggered by an earthquake and tsunami . There have been no serious suggestions from mainstream politicians that France reduce its dependence on nuclear power , the State Department says . CNN 's Dheepthi Namasivayam , Saskya Vandoorne , Jim Bittermann , Mike Ahlers and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : The blast could affect the U.S. debate about spent nuclear fuel , an expert says A furnace explodes at the Marcoule nuclear site in southeastern France There is no radioactive leak , electricity company EDF says France relies on nuclear power for about 80 % of its energy
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Ahead of a landmark vote in Libya , an international monitor warned that Moammar Gadhafi 's successors risk repeating the ousted dictator 's mistakes unless electoral winners make rule of law a top priority . Many months after the February 17 uprising that rid Libya of Gadhafi and his autocratic rule , Libyans will choose a new government Saturday . Much is at stake in that vote , said Amnesty International , which issued a scathing report Thursday on widespread Libyan lawlessness , focusing on armed militias operating above the law . In Benghazi , Libyans vow that the vote will go on The report documented arbitrary arrests , detention , torture and impunity for unlawful killings . It said Amnesty staffers visited Libya in May and June and found many militias refusing to disarm and that the government has only been able to dismantle a handful of the armed groups . "  It is deeply depressing that after so many months , the authorities have failed so comprehensively to break the stranglehold of the militias on Libyan security , with dramatic consequences for the people that bear the brunt of their actions , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa deputy director . "  Calls for an end to repression and injustice were what led to the '17 February revolution ' in the first place , " she said . "  Without immediate action to stop abuses and lawlessness , there is a very real danger Libya could end up reproducing and entrenching the same patterns of violations we have seen over the past four decades " . Amnesty International said it spoke with two sisters -- 27 and 32 -- who were stopped by militiamen at a checkpoint in February and forced at gunpoint to a nearby farm . "  One was suspended from a door for hours , had boiling water poured over her head , and was beaten and stabbed while being accused of supporting the former government of Colonel Moammar Gadhafi , " the report said . "  The other was also suspended and beaten . The husband of one of them , who was detained at the same time , has disappeared . " Amnesty International also found instances of revenge beatings and vigilante-style justice carried out against detainees held by people who suffered under Gadhafi . The report said that sometimes detainees were held in cities where Gadhafi 's regime allegedly committed human rights violations . It gave the example of neurosurgeon Hisham Anour Ben Khayal . He was abducted in Tripoli in April by a militia from al-Zawiya that blamed him for the death of a relative due to alleged medical neglect . The doctor was beaten with sticks and whips . In court , Khayal testified that he was n't the treating physician in the case and that other doctors had operated twice to save the man who died . Khayal was charged with murder and will stand trial in al-Zawiya , where there is strong sentiment against him , Amnesty said . Libyans from all walks of life took to the streets to stand up to injustice , Amnesty said , but now their leaders are undermining their aspirations . And public criticism of the revolutionary militias is uncommon after they were hailed as heroes who ousted Gadhafi . Critics of the militias , Amnesty said , are often labeled as Gadhafi loyalists . Amnesty International urged Libyan authorities to do more . CNN was not successful in obtaining immediate comment from Libyan government officials . It said Libya should build a judicial system that will "  hold perpetrators to account in trials that meet international standards and provide redress to the thousands of victims of human rights violations . " That position was supported by policymakers and Libya observers . Ian Martin , the top United Nations envoy in Libya , agreed that Libya 's National Transitional Council has not done enough ; he said his office has been pushing to accelerate the handover of detainees in custody of revolutionary brigades to proper state authorities . "  We have also repeatedly pressed the government to take responsibility for protecting the physical integrity of those in detention , even if they go on being held outside state authority for a limited period of time , " Martin told CNN . Martin said the United Nations was trying to assist the Libyans in developing a strong judicial system . "  Certainly we are not satisfied with the rate of progress in that respect and very concerned by continuing torture and abuse of detainees in custody and continuing arrests outside legal process , " Martin said . Amnesty said 4,000 detainees remain in centers outside government reach . Some have been detained for a year . Analyst Ranj Alaaldin said the interim government appears unable and unwilling to try to assert its control over a complicated network of armed militias . In a commentary for CNN.com , Alaaldin , a senior analyst at the Next Century Foundation , described chaos over the past week in the seizure of Tripoli 's airport , attacks on a U.S. diplomatic office in Benghazi followed by one on a British convoy , and violent tribal clashes in the south . "  The current security environment , dominated by militias , does not constitute a proper security framework : It lacks coordination and creates gaps that allow for conflict between rival groups , as well as criminal activities like smuggling -- and terrorism , which appears to be a new factor in the east , " Alaaldin wrote . Amnesty International said Libyans who emerge as the nation 's new leadership after Saturday 's election will face a tough task of piecing together a land damaged and divided by years of mistrust and repressive rule . Gadhafi , Amnesty said , cracked down on his opponents in protecting his 1969 revolution . Saturday 's victors , the group said , must prevent a similar outcome . International court staff freed after detention in Libya Tunisia hands former Gadhafi PM over to Libya Extremist triangle a growing threat to Africa and America CNN 's Moni Basu reported from Atlanta and Jomana Karadsheh , from Tripoli , Libya .	Amnesty International warns Libya 's leaders risk repeating Moammar Gadhafi 's mistakes Ahead of Saturday 's election , the rights group publishes a scathing report It focuses on armed militias that it says are operating above the law Some detainees are victims of revenge , the report says
CNN  -- Italian drug lord Roberto Pannunzi , one of Europe 's most wanted traffickers , was captured in a shopping center north of Bogota , Colombia police said Saturday . Pannunzi first presented a fake Venezuelan ID and identified himself as Silvano Martino . The Colombian police and Drug Enforcement Agency collaborated to capture him . He was known as the "  Pablo Escobar of Italy , " Colombian defense ministry said in a twitter post . Pannunzi is accused of importing up to two tons of cocaine into Europe each month , according to the defense ministry . He allegedly headed a criminal organization in southern Italy .	Italian drug lord Roberto Pannunzi is arrested north of Bogota He allegedly headed a criminal organization in southern Italy He is accused of importing up to two tons of cocaine into Europe each month
CNN  -- A Taliban insurgent with a rocket-propelled grenade has painfully brought back the question : Is the U.S. strategy succeeding in Afghanistan ? NATO officials said it was reportedly an RPG that brought down a military helicopter carrying 30 U.S. service members , 25 of whom were Special Operations forces , on Saturday . All were killed in the crash , along with seven Afghan troops and an Afghan interpreter . It was the worst single-day loss of American life since the start of the war in late 2001 . Army Lt. Jarrin Jackson , who spent most of last year in eastern Afghanistan , said he believes in the counterinsurgency principles pushed by Gen. David Petraeus , who is now director of the CIA . He even wrote an essay about it in the online publication Small Wars Journal . The strategy boils down to this : Insurgents rely on the fear and intimidation of local citizens to keep control , so the counterinsurgency focuses on protecting local citizens from the Taliban and rallying them to the Afghan government . "  I do n't want to downplay the role of taking care of bad guys , " said Jackson , who was based in Khost province , a stronghold of the Taliban that has plenty of insurgents . "  We took on a lot of rockets and mortars . But the majority of my time in Afghanistan , I was not under fire . I was interacting with people over there . The more you do that , I would argue , the better results . " Jackson believes interaction is imperative , even with the constant uncertainty of whether the person you 're talking to is a good guy or a bad guy . "  One guy might be favorable one week , " Jackson said , "  but because I stopped his car for my truck to get over a ditch , that prevented him from getting to the doctor 's office ...  and  now he hates the government . It 's incredibly fluid . " Khost province shares a border with Waziristan , the region of Pakistan that has been a safe haven for jihadists . The U.S. believes that Osama bin Laden hid there for years after the September 11 attacks , and it has recently been a testing ground for Petraeus ' counterinsurgency tactics . Jackson tried to put himself in the Afghans ' shoes . He said he can imagine how he would feel if his country were occupied for a decade by a foreign army dressed , as he put it , like "  automatons . " So he tried to play against it . "  You 'd walk up to somebody and say , ` As-salaamu alaykum . ' ` Tsenga yee ? ' It 's kind of like ` What 's up ? ' " Jackson said . "  It 's like 20 different ways of saying hello . I would walk up to an old man , shake his hand , look him straight in the face -- with my sunglasses off , so he could see my eyes -- and we would be shaking hands for probably one or two minutes . " Jackson did n't mind looking goofy , fumbling with the Pashto language or trying to tell a joke . He said he was trying -- and trying gets across in any culture , even when you 're part of a foreign army . He says the human part of his job -- finding out what villages needed to prosper and keep independent of insurgents -- was a little like living in a small town . "  You know the people you go to church with . You know that Ms. Johnson 's dog went to the vet last week and Mr. Steve had to have surgery . You know those intimate details . " In Afghanistan , Jackson said , "  I could tell you when one guy 's crops were going to be harvested . I could tell you in this village , they 'd go to this house to worship instead of the mosque , because it had better heat . I could tell you what time prayer was going to be and who went to that mosque . " Jackson had been in the country for 10 months when he went into one village he did n't know well . He did what he always does when he visits a new place : He and his Afghan counterpart told the locals that they wanted to talk to the most influential person in the village . Out walked a decrepit old man with a long beard . It took him 15 minutes to come out of his house and into the square . He had several wool blankets around his shoulders , and he was carrying a gnarled tree branch for a cane . He sat down and rested his hands on the cane between his knees . Jackson says he felt guilty for pulling the old man out of his warm house , but the man started talking right away . "  He said : ' I have a problem . I know I 'm about to die . This village does not have any leadership set up to succeed me , and I 'm concerned . ' " Jackson said . "  Then he just sat there looking at me . " Jackson said he was n't sure what to think of a village elder asking for help from a foreign soldier . The elder told him about how Taliban insurgents had recently killed three of his villagers and left their bodies to rot as a reminder not to cross them . He also told him about other problems . All the time they were talking , Jackson said , he was trying to figure out a way to help . He knew he could n't really help in the long term , but the elder clearly "  wanted some kind of answer , some kind of solution . " Then something came to Jackson . He remembered a village elder just to the north named Mohammed . U.S. and Afghan troops had cleared out Taliban insurgents there the year before , and the village was prospering . Jackson asked the old man whether he knew Mohammed . The man said that he did but that he had n't spoken to Mohammed in years . So Jackson took a chance . "  I said , ` If you know this guy , and this guy is succeeding , and you 're both village elders in eastern Afghanistan , why do n't you talk to each other ? ' " Jackson said . The old man looked at him as though the idea had n't occurred to him , but he liked it , Jackson said . Jackson then went to Mohammed 's village and asked Mohammed to help his neighbor to the south . "  I go : ` You see how safe and secure your village is now ? How much safer , how much more prosperous would it be if the village just south of it were just as strong and secure and prosperous as yours ? ' " he said . Mohammed said he would do what he could to help . As Jackson was leaving , he saw two figures heading toward Mohammed 's village . One was a young boy . The other was the old man carrying his gnarled tree branch . Three weeks later , Jackson shipped out of Afghanistan . He said a small part of him wanted to stay to see how it worked out .	Winning civilians ' trust is the key to the counterinsurgency , says one Army lieutenant Lt. Jarrin Jackson says that when he visits a new village , he first tries to meet its elder Jackson says "  trying " gets across in any culture , even if you 're part of a foreign army
CNN  -- Authorities in the Mexican north-central state of Durango have confirmed the discovery of 26 bodies in a mass grave . According to the Durango State 's Attorney 's Office , the bodies were found in a residential area in the capital city of the same name . Officials say the bodies found late Wednesday were already badly decomposed and so far they have n't been able to identify the victims . The bodies were found in a lot apparently belonging to an auto shop located in the residential area known as "  Las Fuentes . " According to local media reports , four other bodies were found on April 11 , but the Durango State Attorney 's Office did not immediately confirm that information . Crime scene pictures obtained by the Diario Contexto de Durango newspaper after the bodies had been removed show shallow mass graves right next to a brick wall . The area had already been cordoned off by authorities . The grisly discovery comes in the same week that authorities in Tamaulipas , a Mexican state that shares a border with Texas , confirmed they have so far found 116 bodies in multiple mass graves . Fifty-nine bodies were originally found on April 6 in eight mass graves in the town of San Fernando , located 90 miles south of Brownsville , Texas . As the investigation widened , authorities kept on finding more bodies , some in groups of several dozen . Sixteen San Fernando police officers were arrested last week for allegedly protecting those responsible for the mass graves that had been uncovered , according to the Mexican attorney general 's office . Martin Omar Estrada Luna , an alleged drug kingpin nicknamed "  El Kilo , " was captured last Saturday in connection with the mass graves . According to officials , Estrada is a presumed leader of Los Zetas . The Mexican drug cartel has operated for years in the area of San Fernando . The investigation in Tamaulipas began after reports of bus passengers in northeastern Mexico being forcibly removed from buses and taken away by heavily armed men . Another 72 bodies were found in San Fernando last August . They were identified as the remains of Central and South American immigrants on their way to the United States . Another presumed member of Los Zetas identified as Jose Manuel Garcia Soto was arrested earlier this month as a suspect in the death of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agent Jaime Zapata . Zapata and his partner were ambushed in the state of San Luis Potosi while traveling from the northern city of Monterrey to Mexico City . His partner survived .	Mexican authorities uncovered a mass grave in the north-central state of Durango Twenty-six badly decomposed bodies were found Authorities have not been able to identify the victims Authorities in Tamaulipas had said they had found 116 bodies in multiple graves
CNN  -- Save the panda ! Sure : how could the world do without such cute , endangered creatures ? And tigers . Never mind that the adult of the species will happily rip your head off and lick its lips afterward , can you think of a better mascot for a creature threatened with extinction than those adorable , fluffy feline cubs ?  Miaow ! Trouble is , goofy humans that we are , we tend to equate  what we consider  beauty with importance in the ecological scheme of things . In fact , nature 's many repugnant , repulsive -- or just very small -- denizens can be just as important for the environment 's health . The monkey with the hideous schnoz It 's just that the proboscis monkey  with its frankly obscene schnoz  , the pubic louse  whose name speaks for its own , hideous self  and the aptly named blobfish tend not to front animal conservation campaigns . Or none that anyone 's ever heard of . Step forward the Ugly Animal Preservation Society . The British group , sounding like something that 's just funny-walked out of a Monty Python film , is , it says , dedicated "  to raising the profile of some of Mother Nature 's more aesthetically challenged children . " To the end of saving ugly endangered creatures , reports Wanderlust travel magazine , the Society is in search of a mascot -- something nice and slimy , like the jumping slug , or just malformed-looking and squat , like the New Zealand kakapo parrot . Introducing the hagfish The group has garnered public nominations for those neglected organisms -- also including the hagfish , the purple pig-nosed frog and the giant Palouse earthworm -- that make us shudder , but that no doubt consider each other ethereally beautiful after a pint of slime or two . And that possibly also think Natalie Portman and Ryan Gosling look like bats ' bums . Comedians will champion the public 's nominations at money-raising gigs for the Society later this month and next . Read more : Are these the world 's cutest creatures ? In the meantime , the gallery above shows off some of the most unfortunate beasts from the Ugly Animal Society 's shortlist and elsewhere on the Web . Have you encountered worse on your travels ? Let us know , in the comments section below , which animal you 'd least like to be reincarnated as .	Ugly Animal Preservation Society champions nature 's less gorgeous endangered creatures Nascent society is in search of mascot Aptly named blobfish and pig-nosed frog among contenders Leave your nomination for grossest organism
CNN  -- Witches , ghosts , a haunted house and a deadly plane crash : "  The Night Strangers " has all the hallmarks of a good ghost story , but bestselling author Chris Bohjalian has put his own 21st-century spin on the supernatural genre in his frightening new novel . In the story , the haunted house is a charming fixer-upper in rural New Hampshire . Do n't forget to ask the real estate agent about the mysterious basement door , nailed shut with 39 6-inch-long carriage bolts . The witches are self-proclaimed herbalists who go to great lengths to find the organic ingredients for their feel-good tinctures ; just do n't call them "  potions . " The ghosts are the victims of a commuter plane crash on Lake Champlain , but do n't look for a "  Miracle on the Hudson " finish to this water landing . At the heart of this creepy yarn is a not-quite-typical American family : Chip and Emily Linton and their twin 10-year-old daughters . Chip is an airline pilot with a bad case of survivor 's guilt . Emily is suspicious of her new neighbors ' intentions and her husband 's sanity . While the twins try to fit in at their new school , one of the young girls begins to hear voices . With more than a dozen novels under his belt , "  The Night Strangers " marks new territory for Bohjalian , who 's tackled domestic violence in "  Secrets of Eden , " a World War II love story in "  Skeletons at the Feast , " and mental illness and "  The Great Gatsby " in "  The Double Bind . " CNN recently spoke to Bohjalian  pronounced Bow-jail-yen  and the real-life inspiration behind "  The Night Strangers . " The following is an edited transcript : CNN : What was the spark behind "  The Night Strangers " ? Bohjalian : Along one of the foundation walls of the basement of my house in Vermont is a door . It 's about five and a half feet tall and three feet wide and made of rough wooden planks . My guess is that it was added at some point after the 1898 Victorian above it was first constructed . When my wife and I moved into the house , it was nailed shut . That 's right : nailed . There was a moldy pile of coal beside it , and so I convinced myself the door was merely a part of an old coal chute . Sure , I never found the exterior entrance to the chute , but that was a detail . Perhaps it was under a porch added at some point in the 1940s . A few years later , in the early 1990s , I finally pulled the door open . The project demanded a crowbar , a wrench and at one point an ax . After hours of toil , behind that door I found ... nothing . There was a slender cubicle the height and width of the door and maybe 18 inches deep . The walls were made of wood , and behind them was nothing but earth . In no way did it resemble a coal chute . It was more like a closet -- or a crypt behind which you might wall up a neighbor alive . So I nailed the door shut and made a mental note to steer clear of that corner of the basement for as long as we lived in the house . Nevertheless , on some level I understood even then that the basement door was going to lead to a novel . Now , it would take an airplane ditching one January afternoon in 2009 in the Hudson River before I would begin to understand what was going to exist behind that door . Like many thousands of other people , I raced to my television set and watched the evacuation of US Airways Flight 1549 as it occurred , staring enrapt as passengers stood on the wings and the plane floated amidst the waves . Perhaps it was the shape of the jet 's cabin doors , but at that moment I thought of the door in my basement . The next morning , I wrote the following sentence : "  The door was presumed to have been the entry to a coal chute , a perfectly reasonable assumption since a small hillock of damp coal sat moldering before it . " And so begins "  The Night Strangers . " CNN : There 's a plane crash in your book , reminiscent of the "  Miracle on the Hudson . " You went to great lengths to research plane crashes for the novel ? Bohjalian : I did . I read a disturbing number of black box transcripts from doomed airliners , watched a lot of terrifying NTSB computer animations of crashes and interviewed pilots . But the most important thing I did to add authenticity to the novel was to visit Survival Systems in Groton , Connecticut . There I climbed into a flight suit , got strapped inside a Modular Egress Training Simulator and lowered into a 100,000-gallon tank of water . I was rolled 180 degrees so I was upside-down . The point of this , other than determining if my flight suit should have a diaper , was to get a taste of what it 's like to exit a plane that has just crashed in the water . The METS is a cylinder that resembles an aircraft cabin . It has interchangeable exits , so Survival Systems can replicate egress from most types of fixed - and rotary-wing aircraft . The device is lowered into the tank , submerged underwater and then rolled upside down or to an off-angle , depending upon the scenario . The ceiling can be set on fire because , let 's face it , when your plane or chopper has become a lawn dart , there 's a chance that something is ablaze . The day I was dunked , there were three National Guardsmen being trained as well . I had an instructor in the simulator with me , and there were divers in the water around it to make sure that all of us got out with , worst case , a snootful of water . Altogether , I was dunked three times , twice rolled until I was upside-down . Escaping the simulator the two times I was strapped into a seat and had to push out exit windows while upside-down were particularly satisfying . CNN : Without giving away too much , your book features ghosts and witches , a first for you . What prompted you to write about the supernatural ? Bohjalian : If you look at my personal library , you will notice that it ranges from Henry James to Steig Larsson , from Margaret Atwood to Max Hastings . There 's Jane Austen and Tom Perrotta and volumes of letters from Civil War privates . It 's pretty eclectic . And there 's Shirley Jackson and Stephen King and Edgar Allan Poe . The Poe is a paperback I bought when I was a boy . It cost 45 cents when it was brand new . It 's a little more squat and a little more wide than a traditional mass market edition , and has a red moon and a raven on the cover . I wrote my name atop the first page with a blue Magic Marker , the ink bleeding through the thin sheet onto page three , and the letters are evidence that my mother was on to something when she would insist that our dog had better handwriting than I did . It is one of the only books from my childhood I still own . I loved Poe when I was a boy . I loved all ghost stories . So I guess it was only a matter of time before I wrote one . Moreover , I hope I will never write the same book twice . So , why a ghost story ? Well , I love them . They 're fun to read -- and , yes , fun to write . And when I imagined the subject matter of a plane crash and a pilot 's post-traumatic stress disorder , ghosts seemed as good a way in as any . CNN : What 's next for you ? Bohjalian : I just finished a love story set amidst the Armenian Genocide in 1915 and the World War I battle of Gallipoli . A young Boston graduate from Mount Holyoke and an Armenian engineer are two of the main characters . It 's called "  The Sandcastle Girls . " I am half-Armenian , and three of my four Armenian great-grandparents died in the Genocide , and so I found the research particularly wrenching . Read more about Bohjalian 's writing life in Vermont on the "  Idyll Banter " blog on his website .	Chris Bohjalian 's latest novel is about a fixer-upper haunted house in New Hampshire "  The Night Strangers " has witches , ghosts , a haunted house and a deadly plane crash Bohjalian has put his own 21st-century spin on the supernatural genre
The ex-madam and political candidate who claimed she supplied former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer with escorts pleaded guilty Friday to pushing prescription drugs , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . Kristin Davis , 38 , who ran against Spitzer for the office of comptroller , admitted in Manhattan federal court to one count of "  distributing and possessing with intent to distribute controlled substances , specifically alprazolam , zolpidem and carisoprodol , " Preet Bharara , U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York , said in a statement . Bharara said Davis illegally sold "  hundreds of highly-addictive and dangerous prescription pills " and helped fuel "  the fastest-growing drug problem in the country " and a "  public health epidemic . " Davis faces up to 5 years in prison when she is sentenced July 25 . Under the plea agreement , she also agreed to forfeit $ 1,765 . Her lawyer , Daniel Hochheiser , told CNN that he plans to ask for leniency . "  I 'm hoping that she can remain at liberty so that she can pursue her new career and complete her current studies , " he said . "  She 's going to school ... but at this point I just want to protect her privacy . It 's more career-oriented ... to put herself in a position to gain new skills so she pursue a new career once this case is wrapped up . " Davis was arrested on the drug charges last August when she was running an unsuccessful campaign for comptroller against Spitzer . The former governor has denied using the services of the ex-madam . Based on a tip from an FBI witness , agents set up a sting operation from January through March of 2013 and caught her pushing pills on three separate occasions to the witness , who she believed to be a drug dealer , prosecutors said . Davis became synonymous with the prostitution scandal involving Spitzer , then serving as governor . She never provided proof that she arranged escorts for Spitzer , but she did spend four months behind bars for running an escort firm . Spitzer , a Democrat , resigned in 2008 . The former governor has denied using the services of the ex-madam . A former hedge fund senior vice president , Davis ran as a Libertarian with a plan to legalize marijuana in New York City . Has the road to redemption gotten shorter ?	Kristin Davis , 38 , pleads guilty to peddling prescription drugs Davis was a former candidate for New York City comptroller She faces up to 5 years in prison when she is sentenced July 25
CNN  -- The long-rumored Facebook phone might finally be ready to make its debut . The company is expected to announce a new HTC smartphone running a special Facebook-centric version of Android on Thursday , according to numerous rumors and leaks on tech sites and major publications including The New York Times , The Wall Street Journal and 9to5Google . Expanded smartphone integration is a logical step for the social media company , which has been working hard to increase its mobile presence and make more money off of mobile advertising . The only official hint doled out by Facebook so far is that the announcement has something to do with Google 's Android mobile operating system , with the invite asking press to "  Come see our new home on Android " at its Menlo Park , California headquarters . Rumors of a Facebook phone have been swirling for years , but CEO Mark Zuckerberg has repeatedly denied the company was "  building " a phone , saying Facebook was not interested in becoming a hardware company . Those carefully worded denials should still stand . If rumors prove true , Facebook has n't built a phone , it 's just partnered with a phone manufacturer to place its service and apps more front and center on a typical Android smartphone . That device is expected to be an HTC 4.3-inch smartphone called the HTC First that bears a passing resemblance to the iPhone , comes in multiple colors , and packs in the usual mid-range specs at moderate price . There does n't seem to be much that 's exceptional or new about the hardware itself beyond the Facebook makeover . Screens shots that purportedly show the new Android homepage , possibly called Facebook Home , show buttons along the top for common Facebook actions , such as updating a status , posting a photo or checking into a location , and icons for the major Facebook apps including Instagram and Messenger in the center of the screen . Facebook might also release a similar new standalone Facebook Android app for all Android phones . The homepage retooling would expand Facebook 's reach beyond the standalone Facebook app , spreading its presence into more parts of the smartphone experience . People would end up spending larger amounts of time using the social network 's features , in turn giving Facebook more opportunities to collect data and serve up relevant ads . Smartphone users are already checking Facebook an average of 14 times a day , according to a recent survey by IDC . Facebook was the most popular mobile app across platforms in 2012 in the U.S. according to comScore , and in January more people were checking Facebook on their mobile devices than desktop computers for the first time . If priced low enough , a Facebook-centric phone could be appealing to Facebook fans in developing countries , where the network is popular and smartphone sales are still rising sharply . The partnership could also be a boost for Taiwanese phone manufacturer HTC , which has been struggling to keep up with smartphone leaders Samsung and Apple . Facebook has been focusing intensely on mobile since going public in mid-2012 . In the past year it has revamped its iOS and Android mobile apps and started displaying ads on mobile devices . As a result , the company has had signficant success making money on mobile . According to a recent report from research company eMarketer , Facebook is currently the second largest mobile ad publisher in the U.S. after Google , and is expected to make $ 964.9 million in mobile ad revenue in 2013 . This is the third major product announcement from Facebook in recent months . The first was for Graph Search , an advanced search tool for more effectively drilling down into your Facebook to network to find people and pages and companies . Last month the company unveiled a redesigned news feed that looks more like its mobile apps .	Facebook is making an Android-related announcement on Thursday The company is expected to unveil a new HTC phone with additional Facebook features It could also debut a new stand-alone Android app
CNN  -- Phillip Garrido and his wife , Nancy , met while he was in a federal prison serving time for abducting a different woman from South Lake Tahoe , California , and holding her captive in a storage unit , Nevada probation and parole officials said Friday . Phillip and Nancy Garrido face 29 felony charges relating to the kidnapping of Jaycee Lee Durgan . Details of Phillip Garrido 's past began to emerge after he and his wife were charged with crimes relating to the abduction of 11-year-old Jaycee Lee Dugard in 1991 and her captivity in a hidden shed-and-tent compound in the couple 's backyard in Antioch , California . Phillip Garrido , 58 , and Nancy Garrido , 54 , face 29 felony charges relating to Dugard 's kidnapping . They both pleaded not guilty . Garrido 's record as a registered sex offender began with a 1977 conviction on charges of kidnapping and rape of a South Lake Tahoe woman , the Nevada Department of Public Safety 's Division of Parole and Probation said in a press release . The victim was found with Garrido inside a mini warehouse , a type of small storage facility , in Reno . Nevada , according to court documents from Garrido 's appeal . She was raped inside the storage unit , according to the documents . The woman , a 25-year-old casino worker , picked up Garrido at a supermarket near Lake Tahoe on Nov. 22 , 1976 , after he asked her for a ride . The documents state that when she stopped the car to drop him off , Garrido handcuffed her , bound her legs and neck with a leather strap , and drove off with her to Reno . Watch more about the psychological effects of being held captive " Garrido , then 25 , "  told the victim it was n't intentional that he had taken her , but that it was her fault because she was attractive , " according to the documents . Garrido served 11 years of a 50-year sentence in Levenworth , Kansas . Parole officials said he met his wife , Nancy , while he was in prison , but they did n't give details . Garrido 's life began to spiral downward in high school , his father , Manuel Garrido , told CNN . "  He had a motorcycle accident and got on LSD and he 's not in his right mind , " Manuel Garrido said . "  He was in a bad accident and hit his head and then got on LSD in high school . That was the end . He went to selling dope . He went crazy . " Though he has n't spoken to his son for 20 years because they "  did n't get along " and has never been to the home where his son is accused of holding Dugard , Manuel Garrido said he was n't surprised to hear about accusations . "  I was n't surprised because I know he 's out of his head for God 's sakes , " he said . "  He was an angel when he was young and it 's a damn shame . " Phillip Garrido 's father also said his son believes "  he talks to God and he can do things . " And Garrido apparently maintained a blog where he discussed talking to God and also claimed he could control sound with his mind . Watch more about the blog " The blog now has profanity-laced responses from people outraged over Phillip Garrido 's alleged actions . Garrido 's blog entries are posted by "  THEMANWHOSPOKEWITHHISMIND . " He refers to "  God 's Desire , " which is a church based out of his home in Antioch , according to CNN affiliate KCRA of Sacramento . In a post on August 14 , he writes that during a "  powerful demonstration " in July in Pittsburg , California , "  the Creator has given me the ability to speak in the tongue of angels in order to provide a wake-up call that will in time include the salvation of the entire world . " "  You too can witness what the world believe 's -LSB- sic -RSB- is impossible to produce ! " he writes , providing an e-mail address . "  DO N'T MISS OUT ! " Several news outlets , including The New York Times , have reported on the blog since the case started making international headlines Thursday . In another blog posting last year , Garrido claims to have a "  new insight that has the potential of helping people who hear voices to possibly stop and re-examine their thinking before committing a violent act on themselves and/or others . " CNN 's Irving Last , Dan Simon and Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Phillip Garrido was convicted of abducting woman , keeping her in storage unit Officials : Garrido and his wife Nancy met while he was in federal prison Phillip Garrido 's dad not surprised about charges : "  He 's out of his head " Man accused of abducting girl , 11 , in 1991 apparently maintained blog
Cairo  CNN  -- A leather-faced Egyptian fruit seller said it best : "  The revolution was like a beautiful woman . She charmed us , and we fell in love with her and killed the tyrant to marry her , but she was just a trick -- another burden to add to our heavy load , and we are falling out of love . " Strolling through the streets of my native Cairo for the first time in four years , I can see the heartbreak on every face . From the lines at gas stations to the crowds at public metros , every Egyptian looks exhausted and disappointed . Tahrir Square , the epicenter of revolt last year , now looks miserable , too . The icon of defiance has been reduced to just a bare patch of dry sand with a few dilapidated tents . As one driver told me , "  If you want drugs , hashish or to hire a thug , go to Tahrir Square . " The legacy of the revolution now lives in the streets , where a lack of security means many women feel less safe and are less likely to leave their homes by themselves after dark . It lives in the abandoned tourist sites and four-star hotels , where managers with only 20 % occupancy rates struggle to stay afloat amid numerous worker strikes and an uncertain economic climate . It lives in the cafes , where youngsters angrily dismiss our cameras , tired of the spotlight , irritated with the attention and seemingly embarrassed with the revolution that was once a point of pride . Cairo is both familiar and unrecognizable since my visit to the city in 2008 when my grandmother demanded I destroy a pamphlet on workers ' rights out of fear the Egyptian authorities might harass me . This time , before I can even finish asking a question about elections , my family erupts into a furious debate , each member siding with a different candidate and attacking each other for supporting "  fellul " -- or remnants of the old regime . No one , however , seems certain of their loyalties to any particular candidate , and even the weakest of arguments or the strangest of rumors can shift public opinion overnight . In a park in the posh neighborhood of Zamalek , activist Jawad Nabulsi asks a ticket seller , "  Who will you vote for ? " The middle-aged man replies , "  Shafik , " a presidential candidate and former prime minister in the dying days of Hosni Mubarak 's regime . Unhappy with the answer , Nabulsi tells him to vote for moderate Islamist candidate Abdelmonen Abol Fotoh . "  If you really thinks he is better , then I will vote for him , " the ticket seller responds . Egypt 's fickle voters repeat the scenario every day in buses and offices . So each morning , it seems residents have chosen a different president -- only to abandon him the next day . This has left analysts and citizens alike without any clear expectation of who will win Egypt 's first-ever free elections . Read more about Egypt 's historic presidential elections Egypt 's indecision lies in its limited range of candidates , essentially leaving constituents with frontrunners who are either former members of Mubarak 's regime or Islamists . "  It 's like all these years we have had these soccer players sitting on the sidelines , and now that we see them in the field playing we can see all their weaknesses and failures , " one student at a downtown cafe said . The country of 81 million seems so distracted with who has the soccer ball , many seem completely unaware of what or where the ultimate goal for Egypt 's future stands . The day Mubarak stepped down in February 2011 , I cried in the CNN newsroom , feeling for the first time ever that my people -- crippled by 30 years of dictatorship -- could not just walk but actually run towards freedom . But some Egyptians have lowered their expectations , moving from the revolutionary chant of "  bread , freedom and social justice " to the murmured remark , "  just let us live . " The revolutionary movement -- splintered and fragmented under the pressure of rebuilding the country -- failed to create a unified coalition or a clear post-revolution strategy . "  I know the revolutionaries are hated right now . The country is blaming us for everything , and at the same time we have seen so much blood we feel conflicted about calling upon people to demonstrate , " protester and blogger Sara Abdelrahman said . Some Egyptians say the situation has deteriorated . "  Everything is worse ! The price of everything has increased . People ca n't make a living . We ca n't eat . The situation is awful , and the hardships are greater , " one woman said at a Cairo metro . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , the target of many demonstrators ' rage , has pledged to hand over executive power to a civilian president by the end of June , completing the transition to a freely elected government almost 16 months after the revolution started . Far from the headscarves and Muslim beards dominating Cairo 's streets , female protesters in jeans and free-flowing hair said the revolution is ongoing , but admitted the downfall of Mubarak 's regime had yet to accomplish much for Egypt . "  Nothing changes overnight . The military stole the revolution , and we are struggling to win it back , " said Amal Bakry , a member of the group No Military Trials for Civilians . "  But we will continue fighting and continue to struggle against the regime until every last corner of the country is liberated . "	A year after Egypt 's revolt , many are disappointed with the situation in the country Some voters have been shifting allegiances to different presidential candidates Abdelaziz : The revolutionary movement failed to create a clear post-revolution strategy "  Nothing changes overnight , " one activist says
CNN  -- It was a woman 's raw , bleeding hands that led Jock Brandis to make a promise . Jock Brandis shows some African men how to use a device that shells nuts , helping make more money for the village . In 2002 , Brandis was helping a friend repair a water treatment system in a Mali , Africa , village . There , he encountered a woman whose hands were bleeding from shelling peanuts to support her family -- and this was not uncommon . In Africa alone , women spend 4 billion hours a year shelling peanuts by hand , according to the Peanut Collaborative Research Support Program . "  A sun-dried peanut is like a little rock . It 's that hard , " says Brandis . "  Cracking the shells takes hours of effort for the village women who traditionally do the chore , and it often leaves their hands bloody . " Brandis promised the women in the village he would return in a year with a machine to speed the shelling . That turned out to be easier said than done . "  When I went back to America , it did n't exist , " recalls Brandis . So he started asking around . "  I did n't know much about peanuts , so I guess I did what any Canadian with a question about peanuts would do . I wrote Jimmy Carter , " Brandis said . Through former President Jimmy Carter 's library , Brandis tracked down an expert who suggested he look at a sketch from a Bulgarian scientist . Brandis attempted to replicate the sketch , but it did n't work . Having tinkered and toiled with "  gizmos " as a former gaffer in the film industry , Brandis set out to make a peanut sheller himself . After fiddling , cranking and grinding his way through a number of prototypes in his Wilmington , North Carolina , studio , Brandis developed a simple machine that could shell nuts up to 50 times faster than by hand . Designed with a simple , durable hand crank , the "  universal nut sheller " could be built with $ 28 worth of materials . To give this "  gift to the world , " Brandis joined forces with a group of former Peace Corps volunteers and co-founded the Full Belly Project in 2003 , a nonprofit organization dedicated to designing and distributing technologies like the universal nut sheller . Brandis travels with others to developing countries to show local shellers how to use and make the machines themselves . Watch Brandis show one of the most efficient peanut shellers " "  It makes their work less tedious and increases productivity up to 50 times , " says Brandis . "  One machine will work for an entire village , so when we 're talking about 100 machines , we 're not talking about 100 families -- we 're talking about 100 villages . " Not only does Brandis refuse to patent the device , but designs for the shelling machine also are available online for anyone to download , assemble , duplicate or improve upon , which Brandis encourages . "  One of the great things that happened is that when this machine went out , we started getting word back from all over the world saying , ` Oh , we do n't use it for peanuts . We use it for shea , for jatropha , for coffee , ' " he says . "  It 's now become much bigger than just being a peanut sheller . " Watch Brandis talk about adapting his invention to shell other nuts " The Full Belly Project works on four continents in 17 countries . Hundreds of machines are in use or being produced locally at minimal cost in the Philippines , Uganda and Guatemala , resulting in health benefits and increased family incomes , according to the Full Belly Project . "  I get up in the morning and there 's an e-mail from a total stranger and a picture , " says Brandis . "  It 's a happy person standing beside their machine with a big grin . That 's the -LSB- moment -RSB- I live for . " E-mail to a friend	After trip to Mali , Jock Brandis seeks machine to shell peanuts Brandis decides to develop his own , which is 50 times faster than a person The nut sheller can be built with $ 28 worth of parts Brandis ' organization , Full Belly Project , works in 17 countries
CNN  The second annual edition of the Walk Free Foundation 's Global Slavery Index has found that globally , almost 36 million people are subject to modern slavery . While incidences of slavery were found in every one of the 167 countries surveyed , five countries -- India , China , Pakistan , Uzbekistan and Russia -- accounted for nearly 22 million people  61 %  suffering in bondage . The worst offender , India , accounted for an estimated 14.29 million people . Human slavery , the report states , is defined as "  human trafficking , forced labor , debt bondage , forced or servile marriage , or commercial sexual exploitation . " Surge in cases The report found an increase of 20 % on the foundation 's findings a year ago , although it attributed the rise to more sophisticated data collection and analysis . "  There is an assumption that slavery is an issue from a bygone era . Or that it only exists in countries ravaged by war and poverty , " Andrew Forrest , Chairman and Founder of the Walk Free Foundation , said in a statement . "  The first step in eradicating slavery is to measure it . And with that critical information , we must all come together -- governments , businesses and civil society -- to finally bring an end to the most severe form of exploitation . " Highest percentages While some of the world 's most populous nations were home to the bulk of the incidences of modern slavery , other countries had higher percentages of their populations enslaved . The West African nation of Mauritania , the report found , had the highest prevalence , with an estimated 4 % of its population in bondage . Other offenders include Uzbekistan  3.97 %  , Haiti  2.3 %  and Qatar  1.35 %  . The Emirate , which will play host to the World Cup in 2022 , has faced numerous questions concerning its labor laws and the kafala sponsorship system , which limits foreign workers ' rights of movement . "  Qatar hosts significant numbers of foreign workers , and has risen in the ranking due to improved survey data , giving better insight into the high number of enslaved migrant workers in the nation , " Gina Dafalia , the foundation 's policy and research manager , told CNN . "  It is ranked fourth with an estimated 1.4 % of the population in modern slavery . We consider this to be a conservative estimate . " Qatar has promised to address criticisms and expects to make announcements concerning repeal of the kafala system in early 2015 . Refugees most vulnerable to slavery Kevin Bales , lead author of the report , told CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout that vulnerability is a key factor in the prevalence of slavery in a country , and that refugees are particularly susceptible to modern enslavement . "  It 's not a surprise that many of the countries where we see large proportions of the population in slavery are also those countries that are beset by conflict , like Syria , and by other economic and environmental problems , " he said . The International Labor Organization  ILO estimates that forced labor generates more than $ 150 billion in illicit profits every year , making it the second largest source of profits for international organized crimes behind the drugs trade . Bright spots Iceland and Luxembourg , the report finds , have less than 100 people each living in slavery , the lowest number both in prevalence and in absolute numbers . While it acknowledges the efforts made by some countries , such as the Netherlands , Sweden , the U.S. and Australia to tackle the global issue , the report also reprimands some rich countries for not doing more . Hong Kong , Singapore and Brunei , along with Qatar and Kuwait are singled out for mention . The Walk Free Foundation , a global human rights organization with a mission to end modern slavery in a generation , was founded by Australian philanthropists , Andrew and Nicola Forrest .	The Global Slavery Index 2014 report finds that globally , almost 36 million people are subject to modern slavery India is home to the largest number of enslaved , with over 14 million people living in bondage Mauritania has the highest percentage , with 4 % of the population enslaved
Boston  CNN  After weeks of dramatic testimony , jurors are set to begin deliberations Tuesday in the trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon . The defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on Monday . "  The defendant brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Aloke Chakravarty said . "  The defendant thought that his values were more important than the people around him . He wanted to awake the mujahideen , the holy warriors , so he chose Patriots Day , Marathon Monday , " a time for families to gather and watch the marathon . Bomb survivors and victims ' family members wiped away tears and comforted each other in court . Tsarnaev fidgeted at the defense table as he has done throughout the trial . Bill Richard , father of 8-year-old bomb victim Martin Richard , craned his neck to watch Tsarnaev as the prosecutor spoke . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev "  chose a day when the eyes of the world would be on Boston , " Chakravarty said . "  He chose a day when there would be civilians on the sidewalks and he targeted those civilians : men , women and children . " The lawyer waited a beat . "  He wanted to terrorize this country . He wanted to punish America for what it was doing to his people . " The prosecutor showed a picture of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother Tamerlan in the marathon crowd . The day of the bombings , Chakravarty said , "  they felt they were soldiers . They were the mujahideen and they were bringing their battle to Boston . " Tsarnaev , 21 years old , stands accused of 30 counts , including setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event as an act of terrorism . Seventeen of those counts carry a sentence of death or life imprisonment . If Tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one of the 17 capital counts , the trial will proceed to a second phase , the so-called penalty phase . That part of the trial will include evidence of aggravating and mitigating factors , and the jury will be asked to weigh elements that make this crime especially heinous against details from Tsarnaev 's background and mental health history that would weigh in his favor . Since testimony began on March 4 , federal prosecutors have called 92 witnesses , and the defense just four . It seemed a mismatch from the start . "  He was there , " defense attorney Judy Clarke conceded as the trial opened , but the defense strategy always had been to focus on persuading the jury to spare Tsarnaev 's life . The prosecution on Monday played a graphic video of the scene of the bombing that showed a chaotic , bloody scene with injured people everywhere . A child 's piercing cries are heard . It 's the son of Rebekah Gregory , who lost her leg . Then , another photo is displayed . This time jurors see Tsarnaev standing by a tree behind the family of little Martin Richard . "  These children were n't innocent to him , " the prosecutor said . "  They were American . He knew what that bag was designed to do . " Chakravarty quoted Bill Richard , Martin 's father , who earlier testified , "  I guess we were just unlucky that day . " But luck had nothing to do with the Boston bombings , the prosecutor said . "  This was a cold , intentional , terrorist act , " he said . The brothers ' acts that day were intended , he said , "  to make a point . To tell America , ` We wo n't be terrorized by you anymore . We will terrorize you . ' " The defense has maintained that Tsarnaev , who was 19 and flunking out of college at the University of Massachusetts , Dartmouth , fell under the sway of his older , more radicalized brother . "  It was Tamerlan , " defense attorney Clarke repeated during her closing argument Monday . "  In the past few weeks we have come face to face with tragedy , suffering and grief in dimensions none of us could imagine , " she said . "  We 've heard words , we 've heard screams and we 've heard cries . For this suffering and pain there is no excuse . " She acknowledged her client participated in a "  senseless act . " But he was only following his brother , she insisted . "  If not for Tamerlan , it would not have happened , " Clarke argued . The older brother , a 26-year-old former Golden Gloves boxer , had hoped to wage jihad and his slacker younger brother was just along for the ride , the defense has said . During the 15-minute rebuttal period , prosecutor William Weinreb told jurors not to be distracted by the defense 's "  attempt to point the finger at somebody else . " "  There should be no doubt in your mind that the defendant and his brother are equally guilty , " he said . They were "  partners in crime . " Weinreb pointed out that after the bombing Tsarnaev went to the grocery store . "  Tamerlan Tsarnaev did n't turn his brother into a murderer . To shred the bodies of women and children with a homemade type of bomb , you have to be different from other people , " the prosecutor said . If you are capable of such hate , such callousness that you can murder and maim 20 people and then drive to Whole Foods and buy some milk , can you really blame it on your brother ? " From the start , prosecutors presented a compelling case in which the horrors of April 15 to 19 , 2013 , were vividly brought to life once again . They began with the stories of bombing survivors and first responders , who described acts of courage and compassion amid madness and chaos . The final moments of the three Boston Marathon spectators who died were recounted by the people who were by their sides . According to testimony , Tamerlan Tsarnaev set off a bomb made from a 6-quart pressure cooker , explosive powder from fireworks , duct tape , nails and BBs on Boylston Street near the finish line . That bomb , which exploded near Marathon Sports , claimed the life of Krystle Campbell , a 29-yeaer-old restaurant manager . Twelve seconds later , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev allegedly detonated a second , similar bomb outside the Forum restaurant , slightly more than a block away . That blast killed the boy , Martin Richard , and Lingzi Lu , 23 , a graduate student from China . Chakravarty 's voice grew soft Monday as he recalled the victims : Richard 's 69-pound body "  was shattered , broken , eviscerated , burned . There was n't a part of this boy 's body that was n't destroyed . " Lu "  received blast injuries all over her body . Her leg was torn open and she bled out . " Krystle Campbell died in less than a minute from "  massive blast injuries to her lower extremities . Parts of her body were shredded . " Sean Collier , the MIT campus police officer killed three days after the bombings , "  never had a chance . " He was shot between the eyes . "  They assassinated him . " The brothers allegedly killed the 26-year-old officier for his service weapon but could n't pry it loose from a safety holster . Dun Meng told the jury about his frightening 90 minutes with two carjackers , one who admitted being involved in the marathon bombing . He identified that person as Tamerlan Tsarnaev . Police fired 210 rounds at the brothers when they tracked a GPS device in Meng 's stolen Mercedes and cornered them in Watertown , Massachusetts . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev struck Tamerlan , who was wounded , when he charged police in the car . Tamerlan died of his injuries . "  Tamerlan wanted suicide by cop , " the prosecutor said Monday . "  He was ready for heaven . But the defendant had other plans . " Dzhokhar ditched the stolen car and sought shelter in a dry-docked boat parked in a trailer in a backyard in Watertown . As he hid , he used a pencil to scrawl what prosecutors called a "  manifesto , " in which he said he was jealous of his brother for dying as a martyr and reaching paradise . He also lashed out at the United States for policies he said killed Muslims , writing , "  I ca n't stand to see such evil go unpunished . We Muslims are one body , you hurt one you hurt us all . " Federal prosecutors also presented evidence gleaned from searches of the brothers ' computers , including militant literature written by top al Qaeda leaders . And they traced the purchase of the pressure cookers , ammunition and BBs , which appeared to have been made by Tamerlan . Boston Marathon Terror Attack Fast Facts	Jurors are scheduled to begin deliberations Tuesday morning If Tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one capital count , the trial will go to the penalty phase Prosecutor during closing argument : Tsarnaev "  wanted to awake the mujahideen , the holy warriors "
At the outset of his term , the new president of Iran , Hassan Rouhani , will confront a thicket of national and international challenges . Rouhani 's presidential term starts at a particularly challenging time ; the Islamic Republic of Iran is facing an unprecedented level of regional and international isolation . One of the most crucial foreign policy objectives which will take precedence in Rouhani 's agenda is the Syrian conflict , which has now entered its third year . The election result raises vital questions regarding whether Iran 's foreign policy towards Assad 's sect-based and police regime will be altered or whether Iranian-Syrian alliance will evolve into a new phase . Will the presidency of the centrist Rouhani influence Iran 's diplomatic ties with Damascus and its unconditional support for Assad ? Will Tehran change its political , military , intelligence and advisory assistance to Syria 's state apparatuses , army , security forces , and Mukhabart ? While there is a significant amount of high expectations and enthusiasm among some Western political leaders and scholars that the election of the centrist Rouhani might influence Iran 's support of Assad , it is crucial to be realistic about Iran 's centrist and moderate camp 's ideology , the power of the presidential office , Iran 's political structure , and Tehran 's foreign policy objectives . First of all , it is necessary to note that the Iranian centrists and moderates ' political spectrum analyze Syria from the realms of balance of power as well as from a religious and geopolitical paradigm rather than from a human rights one . Although Rouhani argues for constructive interactions with other countries and although he supports applying a softer political tone -- as opposed to the combative , controversial and provocative language that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad or other hardliners utilize -- when dealing with the international community and regional state actors in regards to Syria , Rouhani has not called for an overall sweeping shift in Iran 's foreign policy . For instance , Rouhani has neither asked Assad to step down from power nor pressed to halt the Islamic Republic of Iran 's military , intelligence , financial , and advisory support to Damascus . From the perspective of the centrists , including Rouhani , withdrawing support to Damascus equates to undermining Tehran 's geopolitical leverage and balance of power in the region , which ultimately endangers their own power . This becomes particularly more significant to the Iranian leaders who argue that they are surrounded by what they perceive as existential and strategic enemies ; the United States ' military bases , for instance , are located throughout Iran 's borders and in the Gulf Arab states  Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , etc  . More fundamentally , because of the role the Supreme Leader plays in Iran 's foreign policy objectives , it would be unrealistic to argue that Rouhani would alter Iran 's current political status quo towards Assad 's regime . Rouhani does not completely control the country 's foreign relations with Syria ; Iran 's policy towards Damascus is closely guided by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the high generals of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps , and Etela'at -- Iran 's intelligence . However , Rouhani does have the ability to set the tone in regional and international circles for the Supreme Leader . In addition , the Supreme Leader has been very clear about his political stance on Syria , stating that Assad 's regime is targeted by Israeli and U.S.-backed groups , foreign conspirators and terrorists . Lastly , religiously and ideologically speaking , one of the major pillars of Iran 's foreign policy has been that it has proclaimed itself as the safe-guarder of Islamic -- particularly Shiite -- values . The Alawite sect-based state of Syria serves as a crucial instrument for advancing , empowering , and achieving this ideological foreign policy objective . Iran under Rouhani 's presidency is unlikely to change the current status quo , push for regime change in Syria , ask Assad to step aside as many Western and Arab Gulf states did , or halt any political , military , intelligence and advisory assistance to Assad 's ruling Alawite and socialist Bath party , due to the belief that they will be ideologically and religiously weakening their own regional influence and foreign policy leverage . If the Alawites lose power , the next government would likely be constituted from the current oppositional groups and the Sunni majority in Syria , who comprise roughly 74 % of the population . As in Egypt and Tunisia , where the Islamic Sunni parties were the ones who won the elections , in Damascus , the Sunni oppositional groups are more likely to win most of the parliamentary seats in the situation of a new government forming after Assad . This will be regarded as a considerable shift in regional and international balance of power against Iran and in favor of the Arab Gulf states , particularly Saudi Arabia . Considering the aforementioned factors : the president 's limited control over directing foreign policy compared to the Supreme Leader 's more powerful role , the centrist and moderate ideologies , as well as the geopolitical , and ideological elements surrounding the issue , it is more likely that Iran will continue implementing its current strategies towards Syria to preserve Iran 's regional and international balance of power , its political and economic national interests , and the survival of the ruling clerics . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion .	Syria conflict key issue for Rouhani as he takes Iran presidency Will the centrist president withdraw Iran 's unconditional support for Assad ? Rafizadeh says Rouhani has not called for sweeping shift in Iran 's foreign policy He says : "  Iran under Rouhani 's presidency is unlikely to change the current status quo "
CNN  -- Doctor James Braude leads a group medical practice in an elegant Atlanta , Georgia , office decorated with designer furnishings . It does n't look like a charity asking for handouts . But it is asking . Obama , pictured July 1 in Virginia , has been touring the states to promote his plan to voters . "  On some days we 've counted up to 30 patients a day who 've lost their jobs and their health insurance , " Braude said . So Braude and his colleagues offer as much free care as they can afford . The doctors have also begun discreetly inviting paying patients to contribute to a fund , helping more people get care they have n't got the money for . "  We 're doctors . We 're addicted to helping people . And when we ca n't , we go through withdrawal . " Millions of Americans have always gone without the kind of routine medical care that is seen as a basic right in many countries . The U.S. economic downturn -- meaning people lose health insurance when they lose their job -- and the election of President Barack Obama have coincided to increase both the need and the opportunity to address the plight of uninsured America . Obama 's ambition is to provide insurance for the estimated 50 million Americans without coverage . Watch why many in rural U.S. have concerns " The insurance is expected to cover doctors , hospital care and prescription drugs . But just about every detail is still being negotiated so it 's not certain who would be covered , what they would be covered for or whether people who do n't want insurance would be forced to have it and pay for it . The plans that emerge could become the Obama administration 's most ambitious domestic program and potentially a big , early test of his presidency . American medical care needs attention Even though nearly 50 million of its roughly 300 million people have no routine health care , the United States spends more going to the doctor than any other industrialized nation in the world . Fully one-sixth of the economy is devoted to it . Under the current hybrid system , the U.S. Government pays for health care for ex-military , the extremely poor and the elderly . But the vast majority of Americans have to pay for their own health care and most do it where they work ; many employers arrange health insurance and partly subsidize the premiums . The rapidly rising cost is crushing all kinds of businesses , from car companies to family farms . At the same time , hospitals and doctors say they are falling behind because the payments they receive from insurance companies are n't keeping up with their costs . "  Within a decade we will be spending one out of every five dollars we earn on health care , " Obama said recently . "  In 30 years , it will be one out of every three . That is untenable , that is unacceptable , and I will not allow it as president of the United States . " The politics : Deep disagreement There is a lot of disagreement about what to do . Congress has the job of actually turning the push for change into a functioning government program . Democratic lawmakers do n't all support the president 's plan or agree on how to pay for it . Republicans are split in a different way . Some lawmakers are trying to influence the Democrats ' plans and others are proposing entirely different alternatives . "  If you look at their plan , it really is a big government-run plan that will take control of the delivery of health care in America , " said Republican congressional leader John Boehner . His suggestion : "  Improve the current system so it works better . " The most profound disagreement centers on whether Washington should create its own new health-insurance concern to compete with the private companies that provide insurance now . Obama and many Democrats favor it ; Republicans are dead set against it . Part of the problem is that insurance companies fear the government will put them out of business , by favoring or subsidizing its own scheme . The other part of the problem is more basic and ideological . The U.S. government already runs enormous health-insurance programs for the poor , the elderly and military veterans -- but many Americans see potentially mandatory government health-insurance as the foreign-born offspring of socialist states . The economics : More debt Political opposition notwithstanding , the economics are going to be a problem too . Health care is a $ 2 trillion-dollar-a-year industry that would have to expand to cover millions of people who are now uninsured . The president has some ideas for new efficiencies but most estimates suggest the total cost of caring for Americans would rise dramatically . Washington is already carrying record debt and would have to find a way to pay for it . One assessment by the Congressional Budget Office of the Senate Democrat plan estimated it would cost more than $ 1 trillion over 10 years and only provide coverage for about 16 million Americans . There 's also the possibility that the impact of reform on many employers and virtually every wage-earner across the country will have a spillover effect on the economy as a whole , still lodged in recession . The health care industry : Undecided Then there is the place where the politics and the economy overlap : the health care industry . Doctors alone have spent roughly two-thirds of a billion dollars lobbying lawmakers in the last 10 years , according to the independent Center for Responsive Politics . Add pharmaceutical companies and hospitals , nurses and other health care professionals and you get one of the most influential forces in U.S. politics . They successfully organized to defeat health care reform when the Clinton administration tried it 15 years ago . The industry benefits from one crucial thing : Americans like their doctors . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released July 1 found 54 percent of people worry that their health care costs would go up if the administration 's proposals get passed and only one in five thinks that his or her families would be better off under the Obama plan . With all that in mind , Atlanta 's Dr. Braude says he 's optimistic the reform can succeed . If not , he says , "  we go back to the same system and we have 50 million people without insurance , which means you are one brain tumor away from bankruptcy . "	About 50 million Americans are without any health insurance People losing jobs in the recession also lose health insurance Government health provision care largely confined to veterans , elderly and poor Extending government role is health care is politically hot potato
CNN  -- Liberals and conservatives do n't agree on much these days , but many agree on this : The Department of Health and Human Services ' HealthCare.gov rollout has been a debacle . That 's reason enough for President Obama to replace agency Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , and he should go with an unconventional choice : New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg . In leading the department as it prepared to launch the national insurance exchange platform , Sebelius has presided over less a rollout and more a rolling calamity . The ongoing fiasco has not only dealt a body blow to the Affordable Care Act , it has set back the entire progressive project of good , smart government by failing so ridiculously on one of its most visible public initiatives . On the left , the two most prominent reasons given for not firing Sebelius have little to do with just deserts . Many argue that it would be nearly impossible to get a suitable replacement confirmed by the Senate . Others contend that the situation is so critical that a leadership change would be a detrimental distraction : Why burn precious time tying a nominee up in Senate hearings when the clock is ticking fast on a much-needed fix ? The "  keep Sebelius " crowd is n't being irrational , but they are being uncreative . Yes , it would be complicated to bring in a new Health and Human Services secretary at a precarious time for the rollout -- but presidents change generals in the middle of wars , and we change presidents every four or eight years , no matter what kind of craziness is going on  fall 2008 , as everyone remembers , was not a calm time in American life  . And yes , the obvious roster of Obama allies would face trouble in the Senate , where the Democrats ' lack of a filibuster-proof majority will sorely tempt Republicans , as Ron Brownstein put it last week , "  to use this as kind of a way to leverage more concessions from the administration . "  Indeed , much of the coverage across the media has focused on how safe Sebelius ' job is . But what if Obama made Republicans an offer they did n't see coming -- and could n't refuse ? Enter Bloomberg , who is not a health care guru per se but certainly has some experience in overseeing New York 's $ 6.3 billion health care system  not to mention his strong feelings against large , sugary sodas  . Moreover , what he lacks in specific health care expertise , he more than makes up for in managerial prowess and technological acumen , as well as -- relevant to the confirmation fight question -- political independence . Bloomberg did n't , after all , inherit his billions ; he founded Bloomberg LP in 1981 , and it 's now a company with $ 8 billion in revenue  he 's still the majority shareholder  . Most of that revenue comes from selling Bloomberg terminals , which are sophisticated computer platforms that integrate data from a dizzying array of sources . That would n't be such a bad skill set to have at Health and Human Services right now . Just as important , Bloomberg is still at the top of his game , and he 's going to need a job in two months . When asked by a New Yorker reporter late this summer what he 'd do after his final term expires , he proposed two weeks of skiing and golf . "  After that , I 'd go ballistic . " So he 'll be looking for a new place to hang his hat come January 15 . Although there are n't a lot of positions that compare to being America 's Mayor , Cabinet secretary just might . Though he 's a Republican-turned-independent , Bloomberg is much more liberal than today 's Republican Party , and it 's inconceivable he 'd be popular with conservatives on the Hill  libertarian Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul has called him "  Nanny Bloomberg "  . That said , Democrats would n't need that many votes to break a GOP filibuster : An independent fiscal conservative like Bloomberg would have a strong shot at peeling off bipartisanship-tolerant senators like Maine 's Susan Collins , Illinois ' Mark Kirk , Arizona 's John McCain , Ohio 's Rob Portman , New Hampshire 's Kelly Ayotte and Tennessee 's Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker . Add five of those folks to the 55 votes in the Democratic caucus , and Bloomberg is confirmable . Even if the president decides to keep Sebelius in place , he should still call on Bloomberg 's managerial and IT prowess and enlist him as the new "  Obamacare czar . " Jeff Zients , former acting director of the Office of Management and Budget , is currently filling this role , but he lacks Bloomberg 's unique stature and experience -- and is slated to join the White House staff as director of the National Economic Council on January 1  the same day New York will welcome its new mayor  . "  Obamacare czar " would lack the prestige of a Cabinet appointment , but it 's still about the kind of thorny public problem that the newly unemployed mayor might be willing to tackle . Not all Democrats will love the Bloomberg option -- Bill de Blasio 's huge momentum in New York is in part a liberal referendum on the current mayor 's three terms -- but the man has more to recommend him than lovability : He 's a credible , creative and confirmable nominee who would offer the president  whose approval ratings have just dipped to 39 % in the latest Gallup tracking poll  one of the few chances he 'll get to turn the page on the current HealthCare.gov mess . That would do a lot to safeguard health reform for the long haul -- and begin to restore some much-needed faith in good government . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Zuckerman .	Michael Zuckerman : Health and Human Services secretary should be replaced He says New York Michael Bloomberg has the ability to fix what 's wrong with Obamacare Bloomberg 's term is ending , and he 's looking for a big new job , Zuckerman says Zuckerman : Picking Bloomberg would allow Obama a fresh start on his signature program
CNN  -- All eyes this week are on North Korea , which looks set to move forward with a provocative long-range missile launch . Last month , Pyongyang announced it would launch a rocket carrying a satellite sometime between Thursday and April 16 to mark the 100th anniversary of its founder , Kim Il Sung . Japan , the United States and South Korea see the launch -- which would violate U.N. Security Council resolutions -- as a cover for a long-range ballistic missile test . And a South Korean intelligence report says it 's likely to precede a nuclear test , as it did in 2006 and 2009 . Pyongyang insists its intentions are good and have invited foreign journalists , including CNN correspondent Stan Grant , to view the secret launch site . CNN on Monday interviewed Jim Walsh , an international security analyst from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , on "  Starting Point " to help explain the tense situation : CNN : This whole parading the journalists through -- letting people see -- is this Kim Jong Un bragging internally ? Is it sending a message to the international community ? Both ? Jim Walsh : It 's a good question . Often when North Korea acts out , its purpose is to communicate with the broader world , communicate to the United States or to Japan or South Korea . This is really about internal messaging , being able to go to its own public and say , "  Look , all these Western journalists are here , we 're really important , we 're really a big deal . " And why do I say it 's internally driven ? Because they are going through a political transition . This young guy , this 20-something-year-old , has taken over for his father  Kim Jong Il  , and he 's in the middle of trying to consolidate his position . And it 's the 100th anniversary of Kim Il Sung 's birth . ... They 've been planning big events for years now for this . So this is all about regime legitimacy and talking to the North Korean people and the military , the elites in the military . CNN : CNN saw what appears to be a satellite . I think most of the media there agree that there definitely is a satellite for this rocket , to launch this satellite into space . ... We also know that this is a country that has nuclear ambitions , no matter how nascent it is or successful it might be . Walsh : Yes , well , you know , this missile is not the greatest missile in the world . There are two characteristics if you have a modern missile program : One is solid fuel , and the other is a modern-guidance system . This missile has neither of those . And four tests , four long-range missile tests over like 15 years , is not a very active missile program . It 's more like a tube filled with gasoline than it is anything else . The big worry is they 're going to fire it up there , and it will get wobbly on them and start to veer off course like the last two did . That 's the real concern I have : not the missile itself but that the missile might stray into foreign airspace and that Japan or South Korea might feel inclined to shoot it down and then suddenly we 're off to the races with an international incident . CNN : Are we looking at a scenario where we 're going to see a couple of missiles get launched or troops marching down to the  demilitarized zone  ? Should people be legitimately scared about this ? ... Walsh : Well , I think it is about trying to impress the family and the military . I do n't think they 're going to march a lot of people toward the DMZ . I think that would be provocative . Certainly , you could see other missile tests . That 's a good question . They 've done that in the past , short-range missiles . But I 'm afraid what we 're really looking at here , further down the road , is there 's going to be the missile test , then there 's going to be international reaction , and then  North Korea  is going to have to push back . So I would not rule out a nuclear test sometime later this year if this continues to ratchet up . CNN : This is obviously very provocative behavior by the North Koreans , even after there was just this highly publicized deal for food for this starving country . So what 's the point ? What are they trying to do ? Walsh : That 's the $ 100,000 question , and we really do n't have an answer here . Now I know lot of people who have been following this over the years . They sort of think this is the same old , same old -- that we cut a deal and they 've broken the deal ; they got something , but they did n't live up to their promises . Well , that 's not what 's happening here . There was a deal , and we really had n't given them anything yet . We have n't given them the food aid . So that tells me one  of  two things happened . Either there was some misunderstanding about the contents of that deal -- the Americans thought one thing , the North Koreans the other -- or maybe that deal got back to Pyongyang and then ran into trouble there . Maybe the military pushed back , or there was something else going on . But at this point , we do n't know the reason . If we had an answer to that question , that would tell us what 's going on inside North Korea . It 's the most opaque society in the world -- more than Iran , more than any other place on Earth -- so we really do n't know what 's going on .	North Korea appears moving ahead with plans to launch a long-range missile Analyst Jim Walsh discusses Pyongyang 's possible motivations Walsh sees some posturing going on , legitimacy building for North Korea 's new leader He says he thinks situation could escalate into a nuclear test like it did in 2006 and 2009
CNN  -- Its art collection is the envy of galleries the world over , but until now the Vatican has been better known for Renaissance masterpieces rather than hip modernist artworks . That may be about to change : the home of the Catholic Church has announced it will exhibit at the ultra-fashionable Venice Biennale for the first time later this year . In a bold move away from the works of Michelangelo , Rafael and Giotto for which it is renowned , the Holy See picked Italian new media art collective Studio Azzurro , Czech-French photographer Josef Koudelka , and Australian-born U.S. painter Lawrence Carroll to interpret its chosen theme . But the subject itself is one of the oldest and most traditional : the pavilion , inspired by Genesis , the first book of the Bible , is entitled "  In the Beginning . " Cardinal Gianfranco Ravasi , president of the Pontifical Council for Culture , said the stories of Genesis were "  fundamental for culture and for Church tradition , " and had inspired some of the greatest works in the history of art . Ravasi said the book -- and the artists ' works it had given rise to -- examined "  the mystery of man 's origins , the introduction of evil into history , and our hope and future projects after the devastation symbolically represented by the Flood . " Antonio Paolucci , director of the Vatican Museums , said Studio Azzurro 's installation explored the theme of "  Creation " using "  the immaterial image , light , sound , and sensory stimuli . " Paolucci said Koudelka had selected a "  specific and extremely evocative sequence " of his photographs to examine the idea of destruction , or "  Un-Creation , " " -LSB- exposing -RSB- an abandoned , wounded world . " He said Carroll had used salvaged materials to form a meditation on "  Re-Creation " and the "  continuous and cyclical action of recovery and erosion ... forcing fragility and monumentality to coexist . " Ravasi said the result was "  a vital , rich and elaborate dialogue , " which he hailed as a sign of the Vatican 's "  renewed , modern patronage " of the arts . Paolo Baratta , president of the Venice Biennale , welcomed the Vatican 's debut at the show , hailing it as "  an event of great importance . " The Venice Biennale is one of the world 's best-known contemporary art exhibitions ; founded in 1895 , it is held every two years . The work of leading artists is showcased in national "  pavilions " across the city 's Castello district . The 55th Biennale will take place from June 1 to November 24 , 2013 , and will feature works by Ai Weiwei , Jeremy Deller , Carl Andre , Mark Manders and Miroslaw Balka . Among the other countries taking part in the event for the first time in 2013 are Angola , Bahrain , the Bahamas , Kuwait , Paraguay and the tiny island nation of Tuvalu . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Vatican is to exhibit works at the Venice Biennale for the first time Holy See better known for its Renaissance masterpieces than for modern art Venice Biennale is one of the world 's most prestigious contemporary art exhibitions Cutting edge works are displayed in national "  pavilions " across the city 's Castello district
CNN Student News  -- August 19 , 2013 On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might it be important to update a news story months after the initial event ? Why might an audience want to see such an update ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects from today 's show : 1 . natural disaster 2 . instant replay 3 . overcoming adversity Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What kind of natural disaster recently caused the evacuation of about 2,200 homes in Idaho ? 2 . How many full-time , female referees currently work in the National Football League ? 3 . What professional sports league is considering a significant expansion of instant replay ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How might journalists covering an armed conflict determine the truth when each side in the conflict blames the other ? 2 . Why do you think few professional sports officials are women ? How do you think that fans , players and other referees might react to more women in these roles ? What is your opinion ? 3 . How does instant replay impact professional sports games ? What are its pros and cons ? What is your opinion of using instant replay in professional sports ? What was your reaction to the feature story about the baseball announcer who has cerebral palsy ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Africa Egypt North America Idaho ; Moore , Oklahoma FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Mental Floss  -- Although you probably use it every day , here 's some interesting trivia you may not know about deodorant . Actor Matthew McConaughey reportedly does n't wear deodorant . 1 . Be thankful for your foul body odor . According to anthropologist Louis Leakey , it might be responsible for early man 's survival . Leakey 's theory claims that most predators avoided feasting on humans because our body odor was "  too repugnant . " 2 . Not only did the ancient Egyptians give us pyramids and flush toilets , they also pioneered the field of deodorants . Egyptians were the first to popularize the idea of applying scents to armpits , usually using cinnamon and other spices that would n't turn rancid in the heat . 3 . The Roman poet Ovid preferred a more proactive solution . In Book III of the Art of Love , he cautions women against carrying goats under their arms . 4 . Antiperspirants are classified as drugs by the FDA . Technically , they affect and/or alter your body 's natural functions . 5 . The first modern brand of antiperspirant , EverDry , hit drugstores in 1903 . The original formula was so acidic that it regularly ate through clothing . 6 . Of course , modern antiperspirants can also ruin your clothing . Aluminum chloride , the ingredient that blocks glandular openings and prevents sweating , is notorious for turning T-shirts yellow . So , blame your antiperspirant for your pit stains , not your body . 7 . Offensive body odor is actually illegal in libraries in San Luis Obispo County , California . Mental Floss : Weird wedding laws still on the books 8 . One thing modern antiperspirants do n't do is cause degenerative diseases . Medical science has found no conclusive evidence that absorbing aluminum chloride through the skin can lead to memory loss or slurred speech . 9 . Aoki , a Japanese company known for its menswear , has developed a deodorant suit that supposedly absorbs sweat and neutralizes odors all over the body . 10 . But that 's nothing ! The greatest Japanese innovation in the fight against B.O. is Fuwarinka scented gum . The so-called "  functional candy " contains aromatic compounds that cause your skin to release "  Fresh Citrus " or "  Fruity Rose " aromas for up to 6 hours after chewing . 11 . When Kurt Cobain wrote the lyrics for Nirvana 's breakout song "  Smells Like Teen Spirit , " he did n't know Teen Spirit was a popular deodorant brand . The Mennen Company , which produced the deodorant , would n't say whether the song caused sales to spike , but six months after the single debuted , Colgate bought the company for $ 670 million . Mental Floss : 7 food promotions gone horribly wrong 12 . In May 2008 , actor Matthew McConaughey revealed that he never uses deodorant or antiperspirant . The next day , he received a year 's supply of deodorant body spray from the Axe Company , along with a note on why he might want to start . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Anthropologist : Predators avoided early humans because body odor too rank Egyptians were first to popularize applying scents to armpits Offensive body odor is actually illegal in one U.S. city 's libraries Actor Matthew McConaughey reportedly does n't wear deodorant
Washington  CNN  -- A pilot in Minnesota who was preparing to fly a commercial jet halfway across the country was arrested after a security agent smelled alcohol on him and he failed a preliminary breath test , airport police said Friday . The arrest of Kolbjorn Jarle Kristiansen , 48 , happened Friday morning as American Eagle Flight 4590 was preparing to take off from Minneapolis-St . Paul International for LaGuardia Airport in New York . Officers and a Transportation Security Administration agent "  detected the odor of a consumed alcohol beverage as they passed by Kristiansen waiting to enter the elevator , " according to a Minneapolis/St . Paul International Airport Police Department report . The pilot was taken to a hospital for blood tests , airport spokesman Patrick Hogan told CNN . He was released to airline personnel and charges are pending , according to the airport police report . Fifty-three passengers were scheduled to be on board the Bombardier CRJ700 regional jet for the flight . However , Hogan said none were aboard at the time of the arrest . "  American Eagle has a well-established substance abuse policy that is designed to put the safety of our customers and employees first , " American Airlines spokesman Matt Miller told CNN in a written statement . "  We are cooperating with authorities and conducting a full internal investigation . " The pilot is being withheld from service until the investigation is completed , he said . Flight 4590 eventually arrived in New York , with a different crew at the controls , nearly 2 1/2 hours late , according to American Airlines ' website . FAA regulations say , "  No person may act or attempt to act as a crewmember of a civil aircraft ... within eight hours after the consumption of any alcoholic beverage , " and a pilot 's blood alcohol concentration is limited to .04 % . For comparison , drivers are often limited to the higher .08 % . More : Suspected drunk pilot kept off Omaha flight More : Pilot sentences for being drunk while flying More : Pilot error , drunk navigator caused Russian crash , officials say CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	A bombardier CRJ700 regional jet was set to fly to New York from Minneapolis-St . Paul airport The pilot was taken to a hospital for blood testing and is being withheld from work The flight arrived in New York with a different crew and nearly 2 1/2 hours late , airline says Airline : "  We are cooperating with authorities and conducting a full internal investigation "
CNN  -- The only country that has gone without a government for longer than post-Hussein Iraq ended its record-breaking run Tuesday . Hint : It 's in Europe . Another hint : It 's one of very few multiethnic countries still chugging along on the continent . Got it yet ? OK , last hint : Home of Tintin , chocolate and the European Union . Yes , it 's Belgium , which went 589 days without an elected government . New Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo and his ministers met the king and took the oath of office Tuesday , the Belgian Parliament said . Di Rupo is due to make his first official statement as head of government on Wednesday . That caps Belgium 's year-and-a-half run without a government , since Prime Minister Yves Leterme 's resignation was accepted April 26 , 2010 . A temporary caretaker government had been in place since then , with politicians locked in a stalemate between the Dutch-speaking North and the French-speaking South . Di Rupo , of the Belgian Socialist Party , is leading a coalition government of six parties , the Belgian Parliament said Tuesday . Chocolatier Alice Le Fevre told CNN in September that the lack of a government had little effect on her daily life . "  For us it does n't make any difference , " she said . "  We still have a life outside of work . We can go on vacation . We have public transport . " There were even street parties when Belgium claimed the world record title from Iraq earlier this year . Some argued that political gridlock has even had its benefits . "  A government without power ca n't introduce new taxes , " said Herman Matthijs , a professor of politics at the Free University of Brussels . "  On the other hand , a government without full powers ca n't take new measures concerning the outlays . The political crisis relating to the public finance saved money . " State governments in Belgium continued to function normally during the crisis , as did the European Union . But in the long term , according to Matthijs , Belgium needs a central government to make massive mandatory budget cuts and introduce reform of public finances . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	It 's the only country that has gone longer than Iraq without a government It held street parties when it broke the record Ordinary people say the lack of government has n't been a problem The last prime minister resigned on April 26 , 2010
CNN  -- A deadly explosion on a bus carrying Israeli tourists outside an airport in Bulgaria was "  clearly a terrorist attack , " Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said Wednesday . Key Israeli politicians pointed to Iran as the likely instigator , but Israel 's U.S. ambassador acknowledged they had no proof . Vania Valkova , director of the Bulgarian Interior Ministry press office , said that at least seven people were killed and about 30 wounded in the explosion in a parking lot outside Burgas Airport , on the Black Sea . The Foreign Ministry said six died and 32 people were wounded , with three in intensive care . The attack was probably initiated by a group under the auspices of "  either Iran or other radical Muslim groups , " according to Barak , who cited Hezbollah and Hamas as likely suspects . "  We are in a continued fight against them . We are determined to identify who sent them , who executed  the attack  and to settle the account , " Barak said . Bulgaria 's foreign minister , Nikolay Mladenov , told CNN he presumes the explosion was a terrorist attack . But he said it was not time to "  starting assigning blame . " Bulgaria will ask the U.N. Security Council to condemn the attack , perhaps Thursday , said Mladenov , who traveled to the blast scene . The bus was scheduled to carry about 47 passengers to a resort . Bulgaria is a popular destination for Israelis . Another spokeswoman for the Interior Ministry said an explosive device may have been on the bus , but authorities can not be sure . A forensic team has begun an investigation , she said . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu pointed to Iran , saying it has been behind a string of recent attempted attacks on Israelis in Thailand , India and Georgia , among others . "  All the signs  are  leading to Iran , " he said , according to a statement from his office . "  This is a global Iranian terror onslaught and Israel will react firmly to it . " Michael Oren , Israel 's ambassador to the United States , said his country was investigating the circumstances . "  We do n't have proof of Iranian involvement but it is part of this pattern " of plots around the world , he told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " The Iranian government had no immediate comment on the incident . Read Netanyahu 's full statement Bulgarian authorities also vowed to find out what happened . Israel 's intelligence minister told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that Israel has "  very good indications " Iran was involved . "  They are after us , Israelis , wherever they can find them , " said Dan Meridor . Venelin Petkov , a reporter for bTV in Bulgaria , said that three of the wounded were in critical condition . The Bulgarian bus driver was among the dead , according to Valkova of the Bulgarian Interior Ministry . The Israelis had just arrived from Tel Aviv and were to have traveled to a beach resort about 50 kilometers  30 miles  away , he said . Security expert Ivan Boyadjiev told Bulgarian National Television that Israel had warned several months ago of the possibility of an attack on Israelis in Bulgaria . Bulgarian President Rosen Plevneliev said he met the head of Mossad , Israel 's intelligence service , about two months ago . "  If we 'd received any kind of information about this , it would have been taken very seriously , " he told reporters . "  The fact that such an attack was carried out here and now should not be interpreted as to say that Bulgaria is not a safe country for tourists . " Bulgarian Interior Minister Tsvetan Tsvetanov said he was not excluding the possibility that the explosion was a terrorist attack . "  I can assure you that we 're doing all we can to strengthen security in all the areas where it might be necessary to do so , " he said . U.S. President Barack Obama condemned what he called a "  barbaric terrorist attack . " "  As Israel has tragically once more been a target of terrorism , the United States reaffirms our unshakeable commitment to Israel 's security , and our deep friendship and solidarity with the Israeli people , " said Obama , who called Netanyahu to express his condolences . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States was prepared to assist Bulgaria and Israel in bringing those responsible to justice . Neither she nor Obama mentioned Iran in their statements . The tourists ' plane from Tel Aviv landed in Bulgaria at 5 p.m. , the Israeli Foreign Ministry said . The flight carried 154 passengers , eight of them children . Oren Katz , who was with his wife and three children on a bus near the one that blew up , described a bloody scene . "  The moment we got on  the bus  , we heard a very loud explosion . It was the third bus next to us . Everyone started running in all directions . There was a big chaos , " he said . "  We took our children with us and ran as far as we could away from the explosion . My oldest daughter is handicapped , so I decided to run back in order to pick up her wheelchair . "  There was a big blaze of fire , and we were not allowed to come near . Suddenly , I noticed an unconscious woman laying next to me , very close to the burning bus . I picked her up together with another man , and we managed to drag her out of the fire that was about to catch her body in seconds . "  I can not forget the sight of body parts scattered around the bus . " The travelers were on seven buses outside the terminal ; they had arrived on the same flight from Israel , Katz said . The Israeli military said it would send a medical team to Bulgaria , which Oren called a hospitable vacation destination . Bulgarian President Rossen Plevneliev : "  The fact that such an attack was carried out here and now should not be interpreted as to say that Bulgaria is not a safe country for tourists , " said * The explosion came on the 18th anniversary of an attack on a Jewish community center in the Argentinian capital , Buenos Aires , in which 85 people were killed . Argentina 's top prosecutor last year blamed Iran for the 1994 attack , which also wounded about 300 people . Israel also holds Iran responsible for the attack ; Tehran has denied any connection to the bombing , which it has condemned . Tension between Iran and Israel has increased over the past year . Iran hanged a man who was convicted of killing one of its nuclear scientists , state-run Press TV reported in May . Majid Jamali Fashi was convicted of the January 2010 killing of Massoud Ali Mohammadi , an Iranian university professor and a nuclear scientist . He was also convicted of spying . Prosecutors accused him of working for the Mossad , and said he was paid $ 120,000 by Israel to carry out the hit . Israel typically does not comment on such claims . The killing was among a series of attacks against Iranian nuclear scientists in recent years . In January , Iran sent a letter to the United Nations secretary-general alleging that the killings of the scientists were terrorist attacks that followed a pattern . "  There is firm evidence that certain foreign quarters are behind such assassinations , " the letter said . Iran 's efforts to build a nuclear program have unnerved many world leaders , resulting in condemnation and sanctions from the United Nations . Tehran insists the program is for peaceful purposes . Israel , which is believed to have its own nuclear arsenal and has expressed alarm over Tehran 's hostility toward the Jewish state , has said it may attack Iran to try to stop the country from developing nuclear weapons . Did you witness the blast ? Share what you 've seen . CNN 's Guy Azriel , Raja Razek , Stephanie Halasz , Ralitsa Vassileva , Jill Dougherty , and Jennifer Deaton contributed to this report .	Death toll reaches seven , Bulgarian Interior Ministry says Bulgarian foreign minister says now is not the time "  to start assigning blame " Israeli intelligence minister says there are "  very good indications " Iran was involved U.S. President Barack Obama condemns "  barbaric " attack
CNN  Roger Federer was back in the mix as a grand slam contender after a superb 2014 season . He reached the Wimbledon final -- taking the world No. 1 Novak Djokovic to five sets -- and ended the campaign by helping Switzerland to a maiden Davis Cup title . But did all the tennis last year cost Federer -- and his 33-year-old body -- at the Australian Open this year ? Was it a hand injury that he sustained earlier this week ? Or was his opponent simply too good ? No matter what the potential reasons , the end result is that Federer will have to wait for a record-extending 18th grand slam title after he lost to Andreas Seppi 6-4 7-6  5  4-6 7-6  5  in the third round in Melbourne on Friday . There were no such troubles for Rafael Nadal , Andy Murray and Simona Halep . That Seppi was the man who knocked out Federer was a surprise -- in their 10 previous matches , the Italian had never won . He had claimed just one set . And against tennis ' big three of Federer , Djokovic and Nadal , Seppi owned a dismal 1-25 record . But the world No. 46 played one of his best matches , crucially not crumbling when the finish line was in sight . Instead it was Federer who blinked in the fourth-set tiebreak . He led 3-1 only to double fault at 3-2 . Then leading 5-4 , Federer made a costly backhand unforced error . Federer rued missed opportunities in the second set tiebreak , too , when Seppi was there for the taking . "  It just broke me to lose that second set , " Federer told reporters . "  And actually the fourth , I should win it , too . Just a brutal couple of sets to lose there . " Seppi completed the upset in stunning fashion , scrambling before hitting an instinctive forehand passing shot winner down the line . "  For sure it was one of the important shots of my life , " said Seppi . Federer thus exited , despite winning more points in the match overall , 145 to 144 . "  I felt for some reason yesterday and this morning it was not going to be very simple today , " Federer said . "  Even in practice I still felt the same way . "  I was just hoping it was one of those feelings you sometimes have and it 's totally not true and you just come out and you play a routine match . I was aware of the test and was well prepared . "  Just somehow could n't play my best tennis today . It was definitely partially because of Andreas playing very well . " Perhaps the warning signs were there from his previous round . Federer lost a set in the second round to Seppi 's fellow Italian , Simone Bolelli . He -- and this is rare for Federer -- called for the trainer to address an issue with his hand . Federer thought he might have been stung by a bee . He did n't mention the hand or any other physical issue in his briefing with reporters . Federer also defended his decision to play exhibition matches in India in December during tennis ' notoriously short off-season . "  I wanted to go to India , " said Federer . "  I wanted to go back to Switzerland for Christmas . I practiced as hard as I possibly could . "  Ca n't do more than that . Sure , the year ended late , but one week later than normal . At the end of the day , honestly I 'm confident that what I did was the right thing . " Federer 's exit means Murray 's path to the semifinals has become significantly easier . The two-time grand slam champion and Federer were , on paper , due to meet in the quarterfinals . While Federer was sent packing , Murray easily dispatched Portugal 's Joao Sousa 6-1 6-1 7-5 . Murray 's performance was n't the only topic of conversation during his press conference , though . A particular tweet was mentioned , too . After Nadal visibly struggled on court in the second round and was close to vomiting in his five-set victory over Tim Smyczek , Murray appeared to criticize the Spaniard in this tweet : "  When I cramped and won in the us open last year I was a ` drama Queen , unfit , needs to see a shrink , faker ' weird ... " Murray wrote . But he insisted Friday he was n't targeting Nadal . "  I did n't watch the whole match the other night , but clearly Rafa was struggling pretty badly , " Murray said . "  It was a great effort to come through it , which rightly is what everyone was saying . "  But that certainly was n't the case at the U.S. Open when I was in a similar state . And yeah , I just do n't understand why that would be the case . " Nadal looked better physically on court after suffering from cramps against Smyczek , eliminating Israel 's Dudi Sela 6-1 6-0 7-5 under the lights in Rod Laver Arena . He saved all seven break points he faced -- and they all came in the third set . He said in an on-court interview that he slept a lot in a bid to recover but did n't budge when asked for a percentage of how he felt physically . "  Uh , I was never very good in mathematics , " Nadal joked . Nadal and Murray were joined in the fourth round by seventh-seed Tomas Berdych and 10th-seed Grigor Dimitrov . Dimitrov survived Marcos Baghdatis ' upset bid , edging the charismatic 2006 finalist 4-6 6-3 3-6 6-3 6-3 . Winners in the women 's draw included third-seed Halep and seventh-seed Eugenie Bouchard .	Roger Federer loses to Andreas Seppi at the Australian Open The third-round defeat was his earliest in Melbourne in 14 years Federer was one of the contenders after a strong 2014 Rafael Nadal , Andy Murray and Eugenie Bouchard all advance
CNN  -- Thousands of people across the globe took to the streets on Saturday in annual demonstrations for May Day , the annual event marked by demonstrations demanding better working conditions . Known as International Workers ' Day , the holiday draws thousands to peacefully protest . Others , as in Athens , Greece , clashed with police amid growing anger over the government 's stiff plans to grapple with the country 's debt . About 12,000 people in Athens were on the streets , waving red flags and at times surging toward a line of police , who wore helmets and carried riot shields . Those disturbances led to injuries and arrests . A satellite truck was torched and two ATMs , the glass frontage of a bank and a car were damaged . In Russia , more than 2.5 million people participated in traditional May Day celebrations in 900 cities and towns , the country 's trade union federation said . The largest gatherings took place in Krasnodar , Yakutsk , Vladivostok , Izhevsk , Moscow and St. Petersburg . The people spoke out in favor of decent salaries and stable employment . Watch May Day demonstration in Paris , France . According to CNN sources and state-run news reports , there were many demonstrations . Turkey : For this first time in 30 years , tens of thousands of union members and leftist political activists gathered for the first legally sanctioned May Day celebration in Istanbul 's central Taksim Square . Germany : Several protesters were detained after clashes with police in Hamburg . Seventeen police officers were reportedly injured when confronting demonstrators who they said were throwing rocks and setting garbage cans on fire . Cuba : A throng marched through Revolution Plaza in Havana . Crowds are usually big in Cuba on International Workers ' Day but government officials said the turnout was a signal to Washington that the country is unified and supports its leaders . United States : Several dozen cities braced for protests against Arizona 's controversial new immigration law . Asia : Thousands gathered in several Asian cities for its annual May Day demonstrations . They demanded improved working conditions and wage increases . Clashes between police and protesters were seen on TV . Iran : Protests popped up at the Labor Ministry , where demonstrators clashed with police and shouted "  Death to the dictator . " CNN 's Diana Magnay , Ivan Watson , Yesim Comert , Azadeh Ansari and Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report	International Workers ' Day draws thousands of demonstrators annually Truck torched ; ATMs , front of bank and car damaged in Athens , Greece More than 2.5 million people participated in May Day celebrations in Russia In the U.S. , several dozen cities braced for protests against Arizona 's new immigration law
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Predatory mice are threatening the albatross population on a remote south Atlantic island and have caused the birds ' worst nesting season on record , a British bird charity says . Baby albatross on a remote Atlantic island are threatened by killer house mice . The research from the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds indicates bad news for the Tristan albatross , whose only home is Gough Island in the middle of the south Atlantic . House mice not native to the island are threatening the Tristan albatross with extinction , the RSPB said . The mice are also threatening the native population of bunting , one of the world 's largest finches , the RSPB said . "  Without removal of the mice , both the albatross and the bunting that live there are doomed to extinction , " Grahame Madge , a conservation spokesman for the RSPB , told CNN . The mice on the island eat the chicks of the albatross and bunting before they make it to the fledgling stage , the RSPB said . This makes it especially difficult for the albatross population to survive because the birds lay eggs only once every two years -- a very low reproductive rate compared to other birds , Madge said . "  What -LSB- the mice -RSB- are affecting is the ability of the albatross to produce enough young to sustain the population , " he said . Adult Tristan albatross are threatened by longline fishing at sea , a practice in which boats put up numerous 100-meter long fishing lines baited with squid or fish . The albatrosses are attracted to the bait and while some manage to steal it successfully , many more get snagged and drown , Madge said . Because of the impact from house mice , introduced to the island by sealers in the 18th and 19th centuries , conservation alliance BirdLife International earlier this year listed both the Tristan albatross and the Gough bunting as critically endangered -- the highest threat level before extinction . Gough Island , a British territory almost midway between Argentina and South Africa , is a place of stunning natural beauty . The island is not inhabited by humans . Gough Island and nearby Inaccessible Island are both listed as UNESCO World Heritage sites . A survey of the albatross on Gough Island in January showed 1,764 adults incubating eggs , the RSPB said . A later survey revealed only 246 chicks had survived to fledgling . "  We 've known for a long time that the mice were killing albatross chicks in huge numbers , " said RSPB scientist Richard Cuthbert , who recently visited the island to assess the problem . "  However , we now know that the albatrosses have suffered their worst year on record . " The bunting suffer because the mice eat their eggs and chicks , and may also compete with them for food in the winter , Cuthbert said . "  The decline in bunting numbers is alarming , " said Peter Ryan of the University of Cape Town , who has been studying buntings on the island since the 1980s . "  Without urgent conservation action to remove the mice , both the albatross and the bunting are living on borrowed time . " The RSPB has been studying whether it is possible to remove the mice . It said trials so far look promising , but it urged the British government to step up funding for the project . It said eradicating the mice from Gough Island would solve the primary conservation threat facing both bird species . The RSPB said it had been working with New Zealand conservationists on a program to remove the smaller mice by dropping poisoned bait from helicopters . Tristan albatrosses are one of 22 species of albatross in the world . Albatrosses principally live in the southern Atlantic but some also live in the Pacific , the RSPB says . Albatrosses are among the largest flying birds , weighing up to 25 pounds  22.5 kilograms  . One species -- the wandering albatross -- has a wingspan of 11 feet , the RSPB says . The birds can fly thousands of miles without a pause , and their only need to touch land is to nest and raise their young , the RSPB says .	Predatory mice are threatening the albatross population on a south Atlantic island House mice not native to the island are killing and eating chicks Mice are also threatening the native population of large finches
CNN  -- Former world No. 1 Roger Federer has paid tribute to his "  wonderful friend " Ivan Ljubicic after the Croat announced on Wednesday he will end his 14-year playing career next month . Ljubicic will retire from tennis after April 's Monte Carlos Masters , bringing the curtain down on a career which has seen him hit No. 3 in the world rankings , win the Davis Cup with Croatia in 2005 and collect 10 ATP Tour titles . Sixteen-time grand slam winner Federer hailed Ljubicic , who won a bronze medal at the 2004 Athens Olympics , as a fearsome opponent , but said the time was right for the 32-year-old to hang up his racket . "  I have a very good friendship with Ljubicic , " Federer told the ATP Tour 's website . "  It 's been sad seeing him retiring really since I 've known about it for quite some time . "  He 's one of the most feared players on tour ... He 's been a wonderful friend to me on tour , and it 's also been very beneficial to the game of tennis , not just on the court but off the court because he 's been part of the political system here . "  We 've talked at length at times about it , but I think it comes at the right time for him and he 's in a perfect spot with his family . He 's just had a second daughter . He 's had a wonderful career . " Federer has played Ljubicic , who reached the semifinals of the French Open in 2006 , on 16 occasions over 10 years between 2000 and 2010 , losing three of those matches . "  It 's never an easy decision for any professional athlete to retire , " said Ljubicic , whose most recent title came at Indian Wells in March 2010 , an event which three-time champion Federer will play in next week . "  I look forward to the next stage of my life . Tennis has given me so much and I want to continue to stay involved and contribute in some ways . "	Roger Federer has praised Ivan Ljubicic ahead of his retirement next month Croat Ljubicic will end his 14-year playing career after April 's Monte Carlo Masters Former world No. 1 Federer described Ljubicic as a "  feared opponent " Ljubicic won the Davis Cup with Croatia in 2005 and rose to world No. 3 in 2006
CNN  -- Vice President Al Gore and his wife , Tipper , have sent an e-mail to family friends announcing a mutual decision to separate , a longtime family friend told CNN . "  We are announcing today that after a great deal of thought and discussion , we have decided to separate , " the message said . "  This is very much a mutual and mutually supportive decision that we have made together following a process of long and careful consideration . We ask for respect for our privacy and that of our family , and we do not intend to comment further . " Gore spokeswoman Kalee Kreider confirmed the authenticity of the e-mail but declined to comment further . The couple , married for 40 years , has four grown children and three grandchildren . Al and Tipper Gore 's dramatic kiss on the podium of the Democratic National Convention in 2000 was credited for giving him a more human image in his presidential run . "  The sheer carnality of the kiss -- the ca n't - wait-to-get-back-to-the-hotel-room urgency , the sexual electricity flowing south -- was riveting , " Time magazine 's Lance Morrow wrote at the time . CNN senior political analyst Gloria Borger described the kiss as "  one of the most memorable moments of the campaign . " "  For those of us who have watched political couples over the years , this is sad , " Borger said . "  They are a real couple . " Since losing the 2000 presidential race , Gore has been active in environmental causes , but he has also pursued business interests . He co-founded Generation Investment Management , a company that promotes "  a new approach to sustainable investing . " Gore is also the chairman of Current TV , a cable and satellite television network he co-founded . He also serves as a director for Google and Apple Computer . His best-selling book about global warming -- "  An Inconvenient Truth " -- was the subject of an Oscar-winning documentary . After leaving Washington and returning to Nashville , Tennessee , Tipper Gore considered but decided against a run for a U.S. Senate seat in her home state in 2002 .	Al and Tipper Gore e-mail friends about their separation Split is a "  mutually supportive decision , " they said Gores have been married 40 years Gores have four children , three grandchildren
CNN  -- Howard Schultz joined Starbucks in 1982 . While on a business trip in Italy , he visited Milan 's famous espresso bars -- impressed with their popularity and culture , he saw their potential in Seattle . From June 2000 to February 2005 , Mr Schultz also held the title of chief global strategist . From the company 's inception in November 1985 to June 2000 , he served as chairman of the board and chief executive officer . From November 1985 to June 1994 , Mr Schultz was also the company 's president . From January 1986 to July 1987 , Mr Schultz was the chairman of the board , chief executive officer and president of Il Giornale Coffee Company , a predecessor to Starbucks . From September 1982 to December 1985 , Mr Schultz was the director of retail operations and marketing for Starbuck Coffee Company , a predecessor to the company . Mr Schultz also serves on the board of directors of DreamWorks Animation SKG , Inc. . E-mail to a friend	Schultz joined the Starbucks company in 1982 He has held a number of positions in the company including CEO and president Schultz serves on the board of firectors of DreamWorks Animation
Washington  CNN  -- Despite having CIA agents on the ground and Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's exit as stated policy , U.S. officials continue to say the NATO-led military mission in Libya is only for its authorized humanitarian purposes . The seeming discrepancy is part of a delicate diplomatic posture by the Obama administration on the complex overseas operation that involves a U.N. Security Council resolution , a multinational military force and the symbolism of presidential statements and actions . With the military mission shifting Thursday to a new phase of full NATO control after initial U.S. leadership , divisions among alliance partners and within Congress became more evident , exacerbated by the administration 's differing military and political goals . President Barack Obama continues to insist that arming the Libyan rebels remained an option under consideration , while NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen and French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet ruled it out . At House and Senate committee hearings , Republicans grilled Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen on the U.S. role in Libya . "  To say this is not about regime change is crazy , " said Republican Rep. Mike Coffman of Colorado . "  Of course this is about regime change . Why not just be honest with the American people ? " Obama has said the motivation for launching military action on March 19 was to prevent a massacre of civilians by Libyan military forces descending on the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . Since then , airstrikes carried out mostly with U.S. planes and missiles have taken out much of Gadhafi 's anti-aircraft capability and destroyed ground forces and supply lines . While Gadhafi 's forces have pulled back from Benghazi , they reclaimed territory from the rebels in recent days , leading to fears of a prolonged stalemate without stronger military support for the rebels . On Thursday , White House spokesman Jay Carney noted the United States turned over control of the Libya mission to NATO that morning -- 12 days after it began -- to fulfill Obama 's pledge to the nation that U.S. leadership would end within "  days , not weeks . " While Carney said the United States and its allies would keep up pressure on Gadhafi 's government , he acknowledged that it was impossible to say when the mission would end . Regardless of when , he said , "  the scope of the U.S. involvement will be limited " and Obama continues to reject any possibility of sending in U.S. ground troops . At the same time , a former counterterrorism official confirmed the existence of a presidential finding that authorizes the Central Intelligence Agency to conduct operations supporting U.S. policy in Libya . A presidential finding is a type of secret order authorizing some covert intelligence operations , and a former senior intelligence official said such operations could include "  advising on how to target the adversary , how to use the weapons they have , reconnaissance and counter surveillance . " Top administration officials distinguished between the military mission charged with protecting Libyan civilians and the other non-military efforts -- including sanctions , freezing assets and CIA operations -- aimed at hastening Gadhafi 's departure . "  Does the United States have the capacity to unilaterally with military force produce regime change in Libya or another country ? It probably does . We probably do , " Carney told reporters . "  Is that a desirable action to take when you have your eye on the long game here in terms of Libya 's future , the future ... interests of the United States and the region ? No . " Obama 's dual-track policy , with the military coalition protecting Libyan civilians while the United States pursues "  as a political , diplomatic and economic policy " the end of Gadhafi 's rule , is the best fit for the Libya situation , Carney insisted , citing the international backing for the military mission through a U.N. Security Council resolution and Arab League support . Critics complained that it is both dishonest and a mistake for the military objective to differ from the policy objective . At a House Armed Services Committee hearing , Rep. Chris Gibson , R-New York , said the mission 's "  military and political goals are not harmonized , " while Coffman called it "  just the most muddled definition of an operation probably in U.S. military history . " On the Democratic side , liberal Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio challenged Obama 's legal power to commit U.S. forces to a combat role without congressional authorization . "  This is a clear and arrogant violation of our Constitution , " Kucinich declared on the House floor . "  Even a war launched ostensibly for humanitarian reasons is still a war and only Congress can declare a war . " Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the unsuccessful Republican presidential nominee in 2008 , warned that pulling U.S. forces back to a supporting role under NATO control undermined the military mission at a key moment . "  For the United States to be withdrawing our unique offensive capabilities at this time sends the exact wrong signal both to our coalition partners as well as to the Gadhafi regime , especially to those Libyan officials whom we are trying to compel to break with Gadhafi , " McCain said at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing . "  I need not remind our witnesses that the purpose of using military force is to achieve policy goals , " McCain told Gates and Mullen . "  But in this case , not only are our military means out of alignment with our desired end of Gadhafi leaving power , we are now effectively stopping our strike missions all together without having accomplished our goal . " While Obama administration officials have described the continuing U.S. role in the military mission as supportive -- involving refueling , intelligence , surveillance and communications -- Gates said Thursday that U.S. strike aircraft such as A-10 and AC-130s could still be made available to NATO . However , he added that he believed NATO allies had the capacity to take out Libyan ground forces as necessary under the mission 's mandate of protecting civilian populations . Appearing before both the House and Senate panels at separate hearings , Gates said the no-fly zone had been established and now needed to be sustained , but acknowledged "  you could have a situation in which you achieve the military goal but do not achieve the political goal . " CNN 's Pam Benson , Elise Labott and Alan Silverleib contributed to this story .	NATO partners disagree on arming Libyan rebels The president 's Libya policy comes under congressional criticism "  Of course this is about regime change , " a congressman says
CNN  -- Defending champion Serena Williams joined her sister Venus in the last 16 at Wimbledon on Saturday , but French Open runner-up Francesca Schiavone suffered a shock defeat . Williams , seeded seventh in only her second tournament since last year 's victory in London , had few problems in dispatching Russia 's Maria Kirilenko 6-3 6-2 to set up a fourth-round clash with 2007 runner-up Marion Bartoli . "  Every match is getting better , my serve is getting better , just getting the rhythm that I 've been missing . It 's great , " said the American , a four-time winner of the grass-court grand slam event . "  I just want to enjoy myself and stay focused . Bartoli is really good . She won in Eastbourne , she 's doing great , so it 'll be a good match . " Can the Williams sisters triumph after a troubled year ? The 29-year-old , making her comeback after complications with a foot injury , has won both their previous encounters . Ninth seed Bartoli , beaten by Venus in the 2007 final , battled her way into the fourth round with a 5-7 6-4 9-7 win over Italian No. 21 Flavia Pennetta in just over three hours . The Frenchwoman , who won her first grass title the week before Wimbledon , fought back after sending her coach and father Walter to the stands along with her mother following her first-set reverse . "  I saw them after the match and they understood completely . It was not against them . It was just that we played a very long first set , and I was exhausted and I was tired and I was feeling worse and worse , " the 26-year-old said in quotes reported by AFP . "  I needed to get that frustration out , so I showed it that way . I could have broken a racquet . I normally never act like that . I felt at this point I had to get all this frustration out and start again . " Schiavone was also involved in an epic match against unseeded Austrian Tamira Paszek , which resumed at one set all after being halted by rain on Friday . The Italian sixth seed ended up losing 3-6 6-4 11-9 in three hours and 41 minutes against a player who also reached the fourth round as a 16-year-old in 2007 but has n't got past the first stage since then . Schiavone , who won her first grand slam at the 2010 French Open , has only once progressed past the third round , reaching the quarterfinals two years ago . The world No. 80 has a great chance of making the quarterfinals as she next faces 20-year-old Russian left-hander Ksenia Pervak , who knocked out 11th seed Andrea Petkovic on Friday to continue her promising debut appearance . World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki remains on course for her first grand slam title after beating Australian 27th seed Jarmila Gajdosova 6-3 6-2 . The 20-year-old Dane will next play Slovakian 24th seed Dominika Cibulkova , who reached the fourth round for the first time with a 6-4 1-6 6-3 win over German No. 16 Julia Gorges . Wozniacki could face fifth seed Maria Sharapova in the quarterfinals after the 2004 champion progressed with a 6-2 6-3 win over Klara Zakopalova of the Czech Republic . The Russian will begin the second week of the tournament with a clash against Peng Shuai , the only Chinese player left in the draw . Peng , seeded 20th , will be hoping to repeat compatriot Li Na 's victory over Sharapova at the French Open after earning her place with a 6-2 7-6  7-5  victory over Hungary 's Melinda Czink . Sabine Lisicki , who eliminated Roland Garros winner Li in the second round , continued her progress with a 6-4 6-2 win over Japan 's Misaki Doi . The German will next play world No. 81 Petra Cetkovska , who eliminated Serbian 18th seed Ana Ivanovic . The winner of that match will next face Serena Williams or Bartoli . Cetkovska , who has never before made it past the first round at Wimbledon , won 6-2 7-6  7-0  against the former world No. 1 and 2008 French Open champion . The rest of the last-16 draw sees five-time champion Venus Williams face 2010 semifinalist Tsvetana Pironkova of Bulgaria , while fourth seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus plays Russia 's Nadia Petrova and Czech eighth seed Petra Kvitova takes on Belgian No. 18 Yanina Wickmayer .	Serena Williams beats Russia 's Maria Kirilenko to reach fourth round at Wimbledon Defending champion will next play 2007 runner-up Marion Bartoli as she continues comeback French Open runner-up Francesca Schiavone loses to unseeded Austrian Tamira Paszek World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki and Maria Sharapova on course for last-eight showdown
CNN  -- Independence for South Sudan is around the corner , but new satellite images released Wednesday reveal a heavy north Sudanese military presence in an oil-rich border region . Images from the U.S.-based Satellite Sentinel Project showed an apparent Sudan Armed Forces  SAF  convoy of "  significant size " traveling through the town of Kadugli . The monitoring group , started by actor George Clooney , said the convoy was 2 kilometers in length and had about 1,000 troops . There were heavy transport trucks carrying artillery . "  Less than a week after signing yet another agreement , the Sudanese regime appears to be ignoring its commitment , holding to form , and positioning military assets for intensified offensive operations , " said John Prendergast , co-founder of the Enough Project , which aims to end genocide and war crimes . "  This cycle will continue to be played out with increasingly destructive results for Sudanese civilians until the international community stiffens its spine and imposes swift and severe repercussions for the endless cycle of violence the Khartoum regime continues to fuel . " The Satellite Sentinel Project combines satellite imagery analysis and field reports with mapping technology in hopes of deterring the resumption of the bloody and bitter civil war north and south fought for decades . The monitoring group said regular fighting between the Sudanese forces and the south 's Sudan People 's Liberation Army has been reported in the city of Kadugli in the past week . Southerners voted for independence in a January referendum , and with the scheduled July 9 date of separation looming , many fear an escalation of bloodshed could bring both sides back to the brink of full scale war . Violence erupted two months ago along the contested border area of Abyei and subsequently in South Kordofan , a state that lies north of the border but where many people , especially in the Nuba Mountains , are allied with the south . Thousands of people were displaced from their homes , and many fear that after strict borders go into place with independence , they will not be able to return home . "  South Sudan will be born into crisis , " said Susan Purdin , who oversees International Rescue Committee aid programs in South Sudan . "  Widening violence is triggering more displacement , threatening the lives of vulnerable civilians and hampering access to communities in need while an existing humanitarian emergency grows worse , " she said . Critical issues -- including oil and the final status of Abyei -- remain unresolved just days ahead of independence . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the United States applauded talks between north and south but remained concerned about the unresolved matters . "  The United States also calls on the parties to end the fighting in Southern Kordofan , and to facilitate unfettered access for aid workers to deliver humanitarian assistance to innocent civilians affected by the conflict , " Nuland said . Discussions are under way on how to shape the new post-independence U.N. mission in South Sudan , created in 2005 with a peacekeeping mandate . And the United Nations Security Council will meet next week to discuss whether to recommend a new member state 's entry into the global body . Peter Wittig , the U.N. ambassador of Germany , which holds the rotating Security Council presidency this month , said Council members will meet July 13 , four days after South Sudan 's independence ceremony , to talk about U.N. admission . If granted , South Sudan would become the first state since Montenegro in 2006 to become a U.N. member . CNN 's Moni Basu and Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	New satellite images show a Sudanese military presence in South Kordofan The images captured by George Clooney 's group show a convoy South Sudan is set to gain independence July 9 The north and south fought a decades-long civil war
CNN  -- Denmark , New Zealand and Singapore are seen as having the least corruption in the world , according to a just-published global survey . Somalia is viewed as the most corrupt country . The Corruption Perception Index  CPI  is published annually by Transparency International , a corruption monitoring organization based in Berlin , Germany . "  The surveys and assessments used to compile the index include questions relating to bribery of public officials , kickbacks in public procurement , embezzlement of public funds and questions that probe the strength and effectiveness of public sector anti-corruption efforts , " said a release accompanying the 2010 CPI . Countries with the highest scores on the index are viewed as having the least corruption ; countries with the lowest scores , the most . Denmark , New Zealand and Singapore each scored 9.3 out of a possible 10 . Rounding out the 10 highest scores : Finland and Sweden , 9.2 ; Canada , 8.9 ; Netherlands , 8.8 ; Australia and Switzerland , 8.7 ; and Norway , 8.6 . Japan was 17th on the list with a score of 7.8 ; the United Kingdom 20th  7.6  ; and the United States 22nd  7.1  . At the bottom of the 178 countries Somalia scored 1.1 , just below Afghanistan and Myanmar  1.4  and Iraq  1.5  . Among emerging economic powerhouses , Brazil was 69th on the list with a score of 3.7 ; China 78th  3.5  ; and India 87th  3.3  . Overall , Transparency International says of the survey : "  These results indicate a serious corruption problem . "  With governments committing huge sums to tackle the world 's most pressing problems , from the instability of financial markets to climate change and poverty , corruption remains an obstacle to achieving much needed progress . "	Least corrupt nations : Denmark , New Zealand and Singapore Corruption Perception Index published annually by Transparency International United States ranks No. 22 on the list of 178 nations ; economic rival China at No. 78 Joining Somalia at bottom of list : Afghanistan , Myanmar and Iraq
CNN  -- The United States is looking for new ways to regain its strength , to shake off the recession blues and fortify its position of international leadership . But Washington is missing the obvious , neglecting its closest neighbors . Big mistake . With America 's European partners struggling , with China 's economy powering ahead , and the Middle East simmering with uncertainty , Washington has decided to "  pivot " from its decade-long post-9 / 11 wars and look to Asia and the Pacific . But the United States is overlooking the most logical , natural place to build strong friendships , partnerships and alliances : Latin America . In recent years , attention focused on two places . First , the perennial center of global turmoil , the greater Middle East shook under armed conflict and ideological clashes , with major wars in Iraq and Afghanistan happening simultaneously with an escalating confrontation between Iran and the West over Tehran 's nuclear program . At the same time , nervous attention turned to China , whose dazzling growth propelled a once-minor economy into the world 's second largest in a few short years , making it clear that the China-U.S. rivalry will become one of the dominant features of this century . But while Washington paid little attention , something rather spectacular happened to the south , in Latin America . A region that had become a caricature of itself -- the place that gave us words such as junta and banana republic -- attained a new level of political and economic maturity . Most countries found a workable economic formula , addressing poverty without repelling investors . In most nations , democracy grew strong roots . Not everybody ignored the Latin American miracle . China and Iran , the two countries the West most worries about , have been busy developing diplomatic relations and increasing economic ties . During years when the United States paid little mind to relations with Latin America , home to 600 million people with economies worth $ 5 trillion , Beijing and Tehran set their sights on the American hemisphere . Beijing engaged in an aggressive economic push , becoming a top customer for Latin American natural resources , loaning billions , developing infrastructure and building trade ties . And Iran found in Latin America a way to dodge Western economic sanctions and break its diplomatic isolation . In the last few years , Tehran has opened new embassies in Colombia , Chile , Uruguay , Bolivia , Ecuador and Nicaragua . In addition , it is opening Iranian cultural centers in 17 countries in the region . Political and economic ties are blossoming , while Washington pays little attention . And this is happening just as Latin America has developed in a direction that could make it easier to build ties with the United States . Most people in the continent live in democracies , having strongly rejected the right of the military to seize power and rule by force . Most Latin countries now have free market economies that seek , with some success , to raise the bottom for the millions who still live in poverty . Latin America and the United States have much in common . With the exception of Cuba , Venezuela , and two or three Venezuelan acolytes , the hemisphere , including the United States , is made up of countries that share easily compatible ideologies . With 50 million people of Latino heritage living in the United States , personal ties also help create a steady foundation for a more powerful hemispheric alliance . To be sure , not every country has seen stronger democratic and economic growth in recent years . Venezuela has seen its economy falter and its president , Hugo Chavez , has amassed a dramatic concentration of power . That model , in which the president grows so powerful that it undermines democratic institutions , has been imitated to different degrees in Bolivia , Nicaragua and Ecuador . But the model embraced with the greatest enthusiasm is unabashedly democratic , market-friendly , with a social conscience , as seen in Brazil . The results have been spectacular . China wows the world with double-digit economic growth , but Brazil has suddenly become the world 's seventh largest economy , on its way to displace the U.K. as the sixth . Brazil 's Gross Domestic Product grew 7.5 % last year . Argentina 's soared 9.2 % . Others expanded just as fast . Paraguay 's GDP climbed a stunning 15 % and Uruguay 's more than 8 % . Much of that came from trade with China . And if China 's economy falls into recession , Latin America will hurt . But Latin economies are pulling tens of millions out of poverty and into the middle class . That means they are becoming consumers who could keep the economy moving even if trade falters . In a region where the United States has long been the unrivaled principal trading partner , trade with China is exploding , totaling $ 180 billion last year , up 160 % since 2006 . Suddenly , China has become Brazil 's main commercial partner , topping the United States . Just when it most urgently needs to regain its footing , the United States is ceding ground through neglect , missing out on the chance to expand markets in a way that could benefit the United States and Latin America , and losing diplomatic and political ground when it can least afford it . Washington will inevitably continue to focus on the Middle East . And Asia will surely garner growing attention . But neglecting Latin America is simply foolish . The United States is overlooking a natural alliance . A respectful partnership , not one where one country dictates to others , could help the United States build a stronger diplomatic presence on the global arena , help it shake the blues and get ready for the tough challenges the young century has already thrown in its path . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : As U.S. starts to look to Asia , it overlooks the opportunities in Latin America Countries like Brazil are booming economically and have strong democracies , she says Ghitis says others have noticed : China overtook U.S. as Brazil 's main commercial partner Ghitis : 50 million Latinos in the U.S. also create a strong , natural foundation for alliances
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . New York  HBO  -- In February 2010 , U.S. Marines launched Afghanistan : Operation Moshtarak , the biggest operation since the start of the Afghanistan war . Its main target was the Taliban stronghold of Marjah , a town in Helmand province . Journalist Ben Anderson , who spent two months with the American forces , offers an extraordinarily intimate look at the brutal realities of modern-day warfare in the harrowing documentary "  The Battle For Marjah , " debuting Thursday , February 17 at 9 p.m. ET exclusively on HBO , marking the first anniversary of this historic battle . Operation Moshtarak was the first attack launched after the Obama administration announced plans to send 30,000 troops to Afghanistan , serving as a key test of the U.S. counterinsurgency strategy against the Taliban . The campaign had four distinct phases : clear Marjah of Taliban , hold all ground seized , build infrastructure and governance and transfer control to Afghan security forces . In addition to chronicling the operation , "  The Battle For Marjah " asks whether the policy is a successful prototype for winning this kind of war . Anderson spent two months embedded with Bravo Company , the first Marines dropped into the center of Marjah , where they encountered a maze of improvised explosive devices , bunkers , trenches and ambushes set by well-trained Taliban fighters . The new rules of engagement , dubbed "  courageous restraint " by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , meant they could not fire until fired upon and had great difficulty getting airstrikes approved . While these rules were intended to limit civilian causalities , they put the Marines in highly treacherous situations . Bravo Company 's leader , Capt. Ryan Sparks , is a mentor and friend to many of the young Marines , often making split-second decisions when lives are in danger . He acknowledges the challenges when he addresses his men , saying , "  I guarantee you we will lose Marines . I guarantee you we will . Do n't let emotions control you . There 's 80,000 civilians in this city ; there 's maybe a thousand enemy . So when I go home , I do n't want to feel ashamed because I 'm having problems sleeping at night , because I 'm not sure that I did the right thing . What happens over the next five days will be a cornerstone of your memory for the rest of your life . " See the rest of "  The Battle For Marjah " at VBS.TV Anderson joined the Marines on the front lines of combat and in makeshift sleeping quarters , where he caught glimpses of their personal lives . One Marine confesses how much he misses his 5-month-old son , having spent only two months with him before leaving for battle . "  The Battle For Marjah " also looks at the relationship between the Marines and the Afghan people . As Sparks explains , the key to success is "  to get the people on your side , and let them understand that you 're here for them , " not an easy task when the locals lose friends and loved ones by following the Marines ' orders . For example , the documentary shows one man receiving a condolence payment when members of his family are killed by a stray rocket after being told to stay inside for shelter . The Marines ' mission is complicated by their Afghan partners -- the army , police and government . The government is nowhere to be seen , the police are feared by the locals , and the army soldiers -- a few of whom accompany the Marines into battle -- are a liability . In addition , the members of the Afghan army assigned to the area are from the north and speak a different language and come from different ethnic groups than the residents of Marjah . Although they achieve their initial mission , when Anderson returns four months later , the Marines have lost 20 % of their fighting force to casualties , and battle daily to maintain their shrinking zone of control . Meanwhile , the local economy is still in shambles and the future of the war is in question . Still , as one Marine remarks , "  Marines fight battles , they do n't fight wars . "	Documentary marks first anniversary of largest operation since start of the Afghan war "  The Battle For Marjah " shot by journalist who was embedded with U.S. forces for two months Film looks at brutality of war , offers glimpse of Marines ' personal lives
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said in an interview on "  NBC 's Today " set to air Thursday that he lives a "  simple " life and proudly wears the same thing every day . Zuckerberg -- who has appeared on GQ and Esquire 's worst-dressed list in 2011 -- confessed in an interview taped last week with "  Today " host Matt Lauer that he owns "  maybe about 20  identical gray t-shirts . "  I mean , I wear the same thing every day , right ? I mean , it 's literally , if you could see my closet at home ... " Zuckerberg said . "  My wife has a bunch of stuff . Although she has her drawer -- primarily scrubs for the hospital -- I get one drawer . And my drawer is about 20 of these gray t-shirts . " He said he has one drawer , "  like men everywhere . " Do you dress the same every day too ? Other notables known to wear the same thing every day ? Steve Jobs and Albert Einstein . Mashable : Zuckerberg 's No Longer a Top 10 Tech Billionaire Although Zuckerberg gave his first post-IPO interview at a tech conference this month , this will be his first interview with the mainstream press since Facebook went public in May . According to NBC , the interview also includes Zuckerberg opening up about plans for the social network , employee morale and his recent wedding . He says he feels "  a lot of responsibility " for his employees , who feel comfortable calling him by his first name : "  No one calls me ` Mr. Zuckerberg . ' I mean , it 's -- we do a lot to create this open culture . " Highlight your Facebook posts -- for a price Although Apple CEO Tim Cook sent Zuckerberg a free iPhone 5 after the launch , the Facebook executive said he uses many different devices . "  iPhone is a great platform , " he told Lauer . "  There are more people who use Facebook on Android because Android is just ... More people use it , at this point . So it 's actually a pretty diverse ecosystem . And we spend our time building for all these different things . " See the original article on Mashable.com .	Zuckerberg : I own about 20 identical gray t-shirts Facebook CEO calls Apple "  great platform , " says more users are on Android Interview with Matt Lauer is scheduled to air Thursday morning
DAYTON , Ohio  CNN  -- Early on , Maria Lauterbach knew exactly what she wanted to do in life . Dressed in her high school soccer uniform , Maria Lauterbach said she wanted to be a Marine , then a cop . "  After high school , I am going into the Marines , " a smiling Lauterbach , dressed in her high school soccer uniform , says in a video made available exclusively to CNN . "  I 'll probably be doing that for 20 or 25 years , and then hopefully after that , becoming a cop . " Lauterbach became a Marine , but her dreams were cut short . Her body was found buried in the backyard of a fellow Marine , Cpl. Cesar Laurean , near Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , in January . Watch Lauterbach talk about her future plans " Mary Lauterbach , Maria 's mother , wants to know why the Marines did n't do more to protect her daughter from Laurean , whom Maria Lauterbach had accused of rape in May 2007 . "  My concern is I want women to be better protected , " Lauterbach , of Dayton , Ohio , told CNN . Watch how mother wants answers from Marines " Laurean now faces murder charges . He fled the Camp Lejeune area on January 11 . The FBI says he went to his native Mexico , and a cousin of Laurean 's reported seeing him in Zapopan , Mexico , in mid-January . Mary Lauterbach has sent a list of more than 30 questions to the commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps , Gen. James Conway , through her congressman . She says she 's unconvinced her daughter 's rape allegation against Laurean was treated seriously . Maria Lauterbach was 20 years old and eight months pregnant when she was reported missing after she failed to report for duty at Camp Lejeune in mid-December . Her body was found nearly a month later beneath a fire pit in Laurean 's backyard . It is unclear whether he was the father of her unborn child . After Maria Lauterbach accused Laurean of rape , she was moved to another office , and military protective orders were issued to keep the accused from the accuser . But Mary Lauterbach and her congressman , Rep. Mike Turner , say the Marines did n't do enough to protect her . "  My daughter wanted to be transferred to another base , " her mother said . She said her daughter told her in phone conversations that she would occasionally see Laurean at meetings and that it traumatized her . The questions Turner , an Ohio Republican , sent to Conway include what steps were taken to protect Lauterbach after she accused Laurean of rape ; why no search was launched immediately after she failed to report for duty ; whether she requested a transfer to another base before her death ; and whether Laurean was asked for a DNA sample after her pregnancy was confirmed . A Marine Corps spokesman told CNN the service would respond to all of the questions submitted through Turner and would not comment further until those answers were complete . Merle Wilberding , Lauterbach 's family attorney , said the military protective order "  really was n't very effective . " Wilberding also questions the length of the investigation . The next step would have been an Article 32 hearing , the military 's equivalent of a open grand jury proceeding . Lauterbach disappeared in mid-December when she failed to show up for work . "  May 11 to December 14 is a long time for resentment to fester , if that 's what it was , " Wilberding says . "  The longer these cases go on , I think the more difficult it is for the victim , " he adds . After Maria Lauterbach first leveled her charges , she changed her story but later continued to claim she was raped by Laurean . "  The problem is when someone has perceived credibility issues , you still must protect the person who is making those claims , " her mother said . The Marine Corps has said it reviewed its handling of Lauterbach 's rape allegations . Turner says a general told him everything was done appropriately . "  I disagree that the review is complete , " Turner told CNN . "  This is a matter where clearly there is a tragic death , there is a national interest in other women that are serving , and this is a matter that deserves higher scrutiny . " Laurean denied the rape allegation or any other sexual contact with Lauterbach . In a statement issued after her death , the Marine Corps said Laurean 's denial "  was believed to significant evidence . " During a press briefing after Lauterbach 's body was found , the Marines described her as a "  solid Marine " and the fugitive Laurean as a "  stellar Marine . " Turner called the latter statement "  really unexplainable . " "  I do n't know how you can be a stellar Marine and have another Marine buried in your backyard , " he said . "  And when that statement was made , those Marines already knew of the tragedy that had befallen Maria . " Mary Lauterbach said her daughter would be proud of her persistence : "  I do this totally for her and for the protection of everyone else 's daughter . " E-mail to a friend	Maria Lauterbach wanted to spend career in Marines , she says in video Lauterbach accused fellow Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean of rape Laurean faces murder charges in Lauterbach 's death Marines should have transferred Lauterbach to another base , her mother says
CNN  Barely 20 minutes into our 4WD trip and a leopard nonchalantly crosses the sand road some 10 meters ahead of our vehicle . Any more carefree and it 'd have walked up to the jeep and casually asked for the time of day and a cigarette . The leopard is the latest surprise on a surprise-filled long weekend in Sri Lanka . The encounter is eyebrow-raising because our guide , Manjula , has passed Managing Expectations 101 with high honors . "  There is a good leopard population at Yala , " Manjula said , "  but it 's hard to see them as they tend to want to keep away from us . "  I ca n't promise you 'll see any on this safari . " Rack one up for the guide . Rack up another for the leopard . The cat 's appearance temporarily silences the far-too-frequent coos from the couple sharing the 4WD with me . They congratulate themselves over every bird we spot in Yala National Park . That 's a lot of congratulating . Call me fussy , but unless a bird is remarkably colorful or remarkably massive or doing something massively colorful , I fail to get as interested as I probably should . Lions , tigers , bears -- big stuff , that 's what I want to see . Even if they 're just lying about scratching themselves . Biodiversity hotspot One of the biggest surprises of the day is the layout of Yala National Park . Located about 300 kilometers southeast of Colombo , Yala is packed with dense scrub , bushes and forest broken up by watering holes and crisscrossed by sand and dirt roads that might render a lot of GPS systems useless . Thank God for Manjula . The park is divided into five blocks ; three of them lack basic infrastructure for visitors and are under development . The main block for visitors , Block 1 , spans some 20,000 hectares . Into this area Yala packs an impressive list of inhabitants . There are no lions or tigers , but there are about 130 bird species  including six species endemic to Sri Lanka  , as well as leopards , elephants , crocodiles , deer , mongoose , Macaque monkeys , wild buffalo and the sloth bear . Other parks in Sri Lanka , such as the north-central Minneriya National Park , are better known for higher Asian elephant populations . Elephant herds can also be seen at nearby Udawalawe National Park . Yala gets its reputation for its leopards , something Javana Fernando , owner of Kulu Safaris , says is both good and bad . "  Our leopard subspecies is completely unique to Sri Lanka and marketing of the park is often too heavily focused on the leopard , " he says , echoing the false warning Manjula had given us . "  That means some visitors are disappointed if they do n't see one . "  But the true value of Yala is the diversity . It is a biodiversity hotspot . " Eventually I begin reaching for the bird book to study the Ceylon Grey Hornbill and White-bellied Sea Eagle -- even this non-birder can be turned and that 's saying something for the colorful birds here -- but it 's the leopard that wins the day . Soon after the leopard crosses our path -- on a section of road that resembles the parking lot at the end of a rodeo -- a traffic jam of 4WDs packed with clicking cameras forms . Time to hand over our prime leopard-watching real estate to other safari goers . The beast turns out to be the first of several we spot on the day .  For other highlights and more information on the park , see the gallery above . Curry for breakfast , lunch and dinner Back at the camp on the outskirts of the park , dinner is followed by a well timed gin and tonic that helps wash away the layer of park dust that has attached itself to our faces and throats like a bad souvenir . Like the safari , Sri Lankan curry is highly photogenic , though considerably less dusty . A Sri Lankan curry meal is a combination of many curries and dishes , which may or may not consist of plates of things like chicken black curry , prawn curry , lady 's finger curry , dhal , beetroot curry , sambol rice and papadum . According to Aman Resorts chef Sumit Batra , the options are endless . "  Potato , pumpkin , beetroot , jackfruit , breadfruit , cashew nuts , mukenwela , gotukola , banana blossom , mango , pineapple to name a few , " Batra says . "  Of course , never forget dhal , which is always included . "  In addition , there are various spice combinations . Chili , curry leaves and cinnamon are the most commonly used , along with coconut milk and freshly grated coconut . "  There 's generally one protein-based curry of either fish or chicken , and a range of vegetable curries . "  There 's a combination of wet and dry vegetable curries and a range of vegetables and herbs from potato and pumpkin to the more exotic gotukola and mukunwela . Plus chutney and pickle . " The result of all this is a kaleidoscope of color , a mighty large food coma and dinner clothes that need a vigorous washing afterward . Curry is eaten at every meal , though the accompaniments vary . Breakfast features one or two curries , eaten with egg , plain or string hoppers or pittu .  See the gallery for images . For the inexperienced , eating three square curries a day is a journey in itself . The many variations allows locals to eat curry every day and brand each a different meal -- not unlike Mexican food in this respect . Resort break Batra 's employers run Amanwella in the fishing village of Tangalle on the south edge of the island . The resort , 30 luxurious suites -- each with a plunge pool and terrace -- is the beach-side choice for accommodation . About 90 minutes from Galle  to the west of Tangalle  and a similar distance from Yala to the east , it 's a perfect location to either stick about or explore the coast . Connecting all these spots are new smooth roads that make traveling  either in a rental car or by hiring a driver and car  and navigating traffic surprisingly easy -- quite a different experience from nearby countries like Myanmar , India , Thailand and Indonesia . The southern edge of the island , between Galle and Tangalle , is full of beaches , good surf and at the right season , whale watching .  See CNNGo 's Sri Lanka episode for more on whale watching . About a 15-minute drive inland from the Tangalle shoreline is Maya , a 19th-century manor house turned five-suite villa with a large garden that backs onto a rice paddy and is surrounded by forest . Dinner  surprise , Sri Lankan curry  and a look-see visit are highly recommended . Surfing Sri Lanka 's southern coast While Amanwella has a private beach  and serves a private candlelit dinner on its beach  , nearby Nilwella is more surf friendly . With so many other beaches within reach , this bay is rarely crowded -- good news for uncoordinated and curry-induced flabby surfers . Shallow and with little to no rip , it 's great for beginners who like to stay closer to shore ; advanced surfers paddle further out . "  Sri Lanka is a good destination for surfing , with many hidden surfing spots , " says local surfing instructor Bandula Gardiyawasam . "  The temperature of the sea is ideal all year and there are no shark or jellyfish threats . " Diminutive and patient , Bandula , 40 , began surfing in 1991 and describes himself as the first professional surfer in Tangalle . "  There is only one person who surfed in Tangalle before me and he was my teacher , " he says . "  Now he is too old . " Bandula recommends Cobra Point and U Point as top surf spots in Tangalle . Further afield he lists Arugambay , Hikkaduwa , Mirissa and Medigama as must-surf spots . Like the tourism industry , Sri Lanka 's surf scene is in its relative infancy . But with clean beaches , good transport infrastructure and few others to drop in on your wave , the coastline is gaining popularity not only as a surf destination but for its other natural offerings . And hey , even its bird life . Getting there Many international air arrivals and departures at Colombo 's Bandaranaike International Airport come between 8 p.m. and 3:30 a.m. Sea planes from Colombo serve Tangalle . If you 're dealing with an inconvenient arrival time , you may want to spend one or two nights in the Galle upon arrival . The city 's fort area is well worth a day at least . Amanwella 's sister hotel , the Amangalla , occupies the historic building that once housed the New Oriental Hotel in Galle Fort . The colonial-era building makes for an ideal base for exploring the 17th-century fort . Amangalla , 10 Church St. , Galle Fort , Sri Lanka ; +94912233388 ; rooms from $ 500 per night  rates depend on season  . Amanwella , Bodhi Mawatha , Wella Wathuara , Godellawela , Tangalle , Sri Lanka ; +94472241333 ; rooms from $ 800 +  rates depend on season  . Maya ; rooms from $ 210 + , full villa from $ 865 +  rates depend on season  . Kulu Safaris offer tented safaris to Yala and other national parks starting at $ 400 per person , per night . More information on Bandula 's Surfing School is located here ; lessons can be booked directly or via Amanwella and other hotels .	Leopards are the main draw at Yala National Park Traditional Sri Lankan dinners have seemingly endless curry options Like its tourism industry , Sri Lanka 's surf scene is in its relative infancy
CNN  -- Actor Michael Douglas says he has beaten throat cancer . "  I think the odds are with the tumor gone and what I know about this particular type of cancer that I 've got it beat , " he told host Matt Lauer of "  Today " in an interview to air on NBC Tuesday . "  I have to check out on a monthly basis now to maintain . I guess there 's not a total euphoria . I 'll probably take a couple of months of getting checked out . But it 's been a wild six-month ride , " Douglas said in his first television interview since undergoing cancer treatment . The experience left him with an appreciation of finite time , he said . "  It 's put a timeline on my life , " he said . "  I 'm 66 now . You know , I 'm fortunate I 've got a mother who 's 88 -- she 'll kill me -- she may be 87 . My father 's 94 . So , you know , I feel good about those genes . But it 's definitely a third act . And so you 're a little more conscious of your time in how you choose to spend it . " The radiation treatment has shut down his salivary ducts for at least a year or two , and a dry mouth affects his sleep , he said . He lost 32 pounds during the ordeal , but he has regained 12 by "  eating like a pig , " he said with a laugh . "  I got another 20 , 25 to go , " he said about returning to his normal weight . He exercises at a gym , but he avoids cardio workouts because he wants to put on muscle mass , he said . The tabloids and paparazzi have published photographs of an emaciated Douglas as he was undergoing treatment , and while Douglas said he did n't follow the coverage , friends apparently did and called him to see how he was doing , he said . "  They kept saying , ` You sure you 're OK ? ' " Douglas said . "  Finally , my father , Kirk , he came back to New York . ... He came back for 10 days and came up to the apartment every day to see me because I think that some of these photographs and , you know , who knows if they 're touched up , " Douglas said . "  I was gaunt , " he continued . "  So I think he was even concerned . And , yeah , it was not a lot of fun . It 's still not . They 're  photographers  there every day . " The tabloids ' chronicling of his appearance during cancer treatment was "  macabre , " he said . "  I guess curiosity 's gotten them a lot of coverage -- sort of following it . And there 's so many outlets now these days . I mean , I just feel for all these young kids . I mean , the generations now , with the amount of paparazzi that they have and these video cameras -- you know , you just ca n't do anything , " Douglas said . "  And I resent the amount of imposition on our children , too , because it used to be at least they would try to keep them out of that , and they do n't at all  now  . They were having -- there was sort of a macabre enjoyment out of sort of watching me go down there for a while , I felt , by the paparazzi , " he said . As cancer put his life in jeopardy , he developed a new regard for family and friends , he said . "  All of a sudden the affection from my family , from my friends , and from my fans hit me at a much deeper level than I would have ever imagined before , " Douglas said . "  And it gave me a really new appreciation of just how valuable , how precious good friends are and family . And it 's not that I disregard them before but there 's a much deeper feeling . "  I 've talked to other cancer survivors about this ... that you just really , really appreciate what 's important in life , " he said . Douglas even took his three young children to a couple of his radiation treatments . "  They came into the room and they saw all the Star Wars treatment going around . And they saw them put the mask on your face because they have to kind of bolt you down like Hannibal Lecter or something , " he said . "  So they can specifically target the correct area , " Lauer interjected . "  So they can -- exactly , get the area , " Douglas continued . "  At that age it was good for them . I mean , they thought it was cool , you know , all this space age stuff . So it made up for all those days when dad was lying on the couch and could n't get up . And their patience was really appreciated . And we 've had a big celebration these last couple of days when I found out the tumor 's gone . " A portion of the interview will air Tuesday on "  Today , " and the entire interview will air Sunday on "  Dateline NBC " at 7 p.m. ET .	"  It 's been a wild six-month ride , " Michael Douglas says The actor lost 32 pounds from radiation treatment , but he has regained 12 pounds His weight-gain methods : Building muscle mass , "  eating like a pig " He says paparazzi had a "  sort of a macabre enjoyment out of sort of watching me "
Christchurch , New Zealand  CNN  -- I was just leaving Newstalk ZB 's building for the day when all hell broke loose . Fast-footing it in the middle of Worcester Street , I watched in raw terror as the Christchurch Club collapsed in front of me . A blood-soaked woman emerged out of the storm of dust and debris and after I assisted her to Latimer Square , it soon dawned on me that much of the city center was raining down on its citizens . Gazing to the south of Latimer Square , a billowing column of dust blocked any view of the CTV building . It was n't until later in the day that I was confronted with the brutal reality that the dust was n't blocking the view , but it was the dust of the building 's remains . After frantically ensuring my family members were all safe , and taking stock of my own smashed-up house , my thoughts and prayers have been transfixed on my CTV family . For the past 10 years , the regional television channel has been a trusty employer for me , broadcasting my weekly current affairs program . At the time of writing , it would be inappropriate for me to name all of the staff that have been killed in this mass tragedy . My heart has been torn by the unwieldy weight of grief , as I reflect on 17 much-loved workmates who I will never share a TV studio with again . Seventeen passionate , resolute workmates who believed in regional television and made it work . CTV was not just "  a shopping channel , " as some people have scoffed . It served as a mirror on our region and that mirror has been so grotesquely shattered . And CTV has been the career launch-pad for dozens and dozens of TV journalists , who now appear on our nightly network news programs . CTV was the longest-running television channel in New Zealand , and although it will never be the same , it will rise again to serve our region . It must . One day at a time . Like many Cantabs , my mind is haunted with the apocalyptic scenes of our devastated city . I am sick to the pit of my stomach at the wrenching loss of life and casualty toll . Why did so many modern buildings implode ? In hindsight , were we too impatient and "  she 'll be right " in agitating for the city center to return to "  business as usual " so soon ? How long should it be closed for now ? What will it take before people trust our city center , and feel safe in the buildings that remain ? How many people will trust the land they have lived and worked on ? I know many Cantabs who simply can not take it anymore and have abandoned the city they love , indefinitely . There are no fast solutions . For tens of thousands of folk , even securing basic services like power , water and sewage is going to be a marathon wait . Just as the Ellerslie Flower Show has been understandably cancelled , Christchurch 's share of the Rugby World Cup does not look viable . Where will people stay ? How fast can AMI Stadium be repaired ? Should resources be diverted from key infrastructure work for the sake of this rugby tournament ? There are so many questions and clouds of doubt . As much as we are exhorted to uphold our plucky , resilient spirit , I have huge fears about how much repair and rebuilding work can be done in time for winter . Can our viciously wounded city continue to support and sustain 400,000 people while major infrastructure and rebuilding work is undertaken ? How can we seriously house everyone ? I suspect a substantial portion of our population will need to relocate out of Christchurch , in the medium term , while the large-scale reconstruction work is carried out . Christchurch will rise again , Christchurch will shine again . But the slow road to recovery is going to be herculean .	Many of Yardley 's colleagues were killed in the collapse of Canterbury Television news station Building collapsed when 6.3-magnitude earthquake struck Christchurch February 22 CTV is the longest-running television channel in New Zealand Yardley : CTV can and must rise again to serve the Canterbury region
CNN  -- Malawi said it wo n't host an African Union summit next month because the organization wants Omar al-Bashir , the Sudanese leader accused of war crimes in Darfur , to attend . Activists hailed the small and economically struggling southern African nation 's stance , announced by Malawian Vice-President Khumbo Kachali on state radio Friday . Al-Bashir is wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes and genocide , but he has eluded arrest . Malawi is one of many countries that ratified the Rome Statute , which created the ICC , and those nations are obliged to carry out the court 's orders , including its arrest warrants . "  While we have obligations to abide by decisions of the AU , we are also under obligation to other international agreements including the Rome Statutes , " Kachali said . Kachali said the summit appears to be headed to the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa , also the AU headquarters . Sudan asked the AU to move the meeting there after Malawi said al-Bashir would not be welcome . Undule Mwakasungula , director of the Malawi Center for Human Rights and Rehabilitation , is quoted in a Human Rights Watch news release Friday that "  Malawi has done right by Darfur victims today . " "  Malawian President Joyce Banda took a strong stance in support of justice despite tough pressure from the African Union , " he said The AU , the organization of countries across the African continent , has said before that its members should n't cooperate with al-Bashir 's arrest . Al-Bashir made trips abroad for meetings despite the ICC warrants against him crimes in the Darfur region , where rebels have fought government forces and allied militiamen such as the Janjaweed since 2003 . Malawi welcomed al-Bashir last year for a regional trade meeting when the country was led by President Bingu wa Mutharika . The Human Rights Watch said Chad , Kenya and Djibouti have permitted him on their territory . But other countries have canceled visits or have said that the wanted president is unwelcome . "  Malawi joins an increasing number of countries that have declined to welcome al-Bashir , " said Alan Wallis , international justice lawyer at the Southern Africa Litigation Center , quoted by Human Rights Watch . "  More states should follow Malawi 's example . " Banda became president in April after Mutharika died . After she took power , she said Malawi would host the summit but stressed that al-Bashir would n't be welcomed because of the arrest warrant . the Human Rights Watch said . Banda has said that Malawi would lose all-important donor support if it invited al-Bashir to the country . "  Civil society groups across the African continent have repeatedly urged governments to arrest -- not host -- al-Bashir , " said Elise Keppler , senior international justice counsel at Human Rights Watch . "  African activists have called for their governments to stand with victims , not with suspected war criminals . " Journalist Gregory Gondwe in Lilongwe , Malawi and CNN 's Joe Sterling in Atlanta contributed to this report	Omar al-Bashir is wanted for crimes in Darfur Malawi is a party to the Rome Statute that created the ICC One activist praises the new president for a "  strong stance " Under the former president , al-Bashir paid a visit to Malawi
CNN  -- Whether you can take a vacation or not , you can always rely on the weeks between Memorial Day and Labor Day to offer up books you can escape with . This summer 's slate of beach  or relaxing-locale-of-your-choice  reads include debuts from fresh voices as well as the return of familiar favorites . We 've whittled down the hottest releases to 10 , with help from the well-read folks at Publishers Weekly , Amazon and the independent Parnassus Books in Nashville . If we were you , we 'd pencil in some time in the hammock now : 1 . "  Billy Lynn 's Long Halftime Walk " by Ben Fountain Often referred to as the " ` Catch-22 ' of the Iraq war , " Ben Fountain 's debut novel follows a squad of eight soldiers , including 19-year-old Spc. William Lynn , as they wind down their two-week "  Victory Tour " with an appearance at a Dallas Cowboys ' Thanksgiving Day game . Reviewers have praised Fountain 's combination of comedy with the harsh realities of war , and Parnassus Books put its recommendation bluntly : "  We got an  advanced copy  of the book back in January , and we all read it and were blown away , " said Tristan Hickey , bookseller and floor manager of the shop . "  The humor in the book is astounding ; it 's humor with some very profound emotions behind it . If  Fountain  did n't immediately make a splash , we 'd be happy to help make it . " 2 . "  Bring Up the Bodies " by Hilary Mantel After the spectacular reception of 2009 's "  Wolf Hall , " readers have been eagerly awaiting the second installment of Hilary Mantel 's fictional take on Henry VIII 's reign through the eyes of Thomas Cromwell . Cromwell , said Publishers Weekly Fiction Reviews Editor Mike Harvkey , is a "  little older " in book two but "  more powerful " as he plots the removal of Anne Boleyn from the throne . As with "  Wolf Hall , " Mantel 's "  Bring Up the Bodies " is in present tense , which is great for a summer read because the book has an "  immediacy , " Harvkey said . "  I think you 're going to see this in six out of 10 hands on the subway . " And , bonus : You do n't have to read "  Wolf Hall " if you want to dive right in to this . 3 . "  My Cross to Bear " by Gregg Allman There are celebrity memoirs that give you the sanitized side of show business , and then there are the ones that strive for more . Gregg Allman 's falls intp the latter category , Harvkey said . Along with Alan Light , Allman , the lead singer of American rock band the Allman Brothers , pulls back the curtain on his life as a musician while poignantly reflecting on his relationship with his brother , Duane , who died in 1971 . "  Like all great memoirs , Allman really laid himself bare in this , " Harvkey said . "  He takes readers through tragedy but with a focus always on the music and just sort of surviving . Even though it 's got a lot of darkness ... it 's a great read . " 4 . "  Gone Girl " by Gillian Flynn On the surface , acclaimed writer Gillian Flynn 's "  Gone Girl " has the makings of a true-crime TV movie : a husband and wife  Nick and Amy , in this case  whose five years of matrimony have taken several turns for the worse as they battle infidelity , dishonesty and money issues in Missouri . And then , on their fifth anniversary , Amy disappears while the fingers begin to point in Nick 's direction . That setup is enticing enough , but Flynn still has more to offer . As the New York Times ' Janet Maslin writes in her review , "  Gone Girl " is "  wily , mercurial , subtly layered and populated with characters so well imagined that they 're hard to part with . " A smart , juicy read with well-hidden clues ? We 'll take that with a spiked lemonade , please . 5 . "  Barack Obama : The Story " by David Maraniss Few books get a better tease than the musings of a current president 's former girlfriend , which is exactly what David Maraniss ' biography of President Barack Obama received ahead of its June 19 release . Vanity Fair published an excerpt in June about the woman Obama dated as a young man in New York , which was adapted from Maraniss ' text , a biography that looks at the world and circumstances that shaped the 44th president we know today . 6 . "  The Age of Miracles " by Karen Thompson Walker Karen Thompson Walker 's debut novel , "  The Age of Miracles , " has become a must-read ahead of its June 26 release . It 's a coming-of-age tale told from the perspective of a 10-year-old girl living in California whose world is thrown literally out of whack after a massive earthquake , explained Amazon.com 's Senior Editor of Books Chris Schluep . "  The earthquake knocks the Earth off its axis , so the Earth begins to slow down , " he described . "  The days get longer , and the nights get longer , and it 's about what it 's like to grow up in this situation . It 's sort of quietly epic , about what becomes important when you do n't know what tomorrow holds . " 7 . "  Yes , Chef : A Memoir " by Marcus Samuelsson Celebrated chef Marcus Samuelsson is recounting his rise in the culinary world in this memoir arriving June 26 , but that story necessitates that he intertwines his personal path as well . Born in Ethiopia and raised in Sweden by an adoptive family , Samuelsson retraces his growth from a boy helping his Swedish grandmother in the kitchen to becoming an acclaimed chef with one of the hottest restaurants in NYC .  That would be Harlem 's Red Rooster , if you want to make reservations . 8 . "  Gold : A Novel " by Chris Cleave Chris Cleave 's novel "  Little Bee " was inescapable in 2009 , and we 're betting that this summer 's "  Gold " will be the same -- and not just because it 's tied to the Olympics . Cleave 's latest follows two women who are not only friends but rivals , as they 've trained as cyclists together since they were 19 . Now 32 , one woman balances her desire to win the gold at the 2012 Olympics in London with her daughter 's battle against cancer as her friend and training partner weighs how important the gold medal is over their friendship . " ` Gold ' is great in a few ways , " Publishers Weekly 's Harvkey said of the July 3 release . "  One , it 's an incredibly breezy read , and it builds to this breathless conclusion . The racing scenes , which could be dull , are amazingly rendered . And then the three characters are really well developed . It 's a fast-paced read . " 9 . "  Shadow of Night " by Deborah Harkness Part of Deborah Harkness ' All Souls trilogy , "  Shadow of Night " is the follow-up to her 2011 best-seller "  A Discovery of Witches . " With the aid of vampire and geneticist Matthew Clairmont , Diana Bishop searches for answers about a powerful manuscript . They pick up in the second book , "  Shadow of Night , " having time traveled to Elizabethan London , where Matthew 's history will be explored  he 's 1,500 years old , of course  as well . "  In a lot of ways ,  ` Shadow of Night '  is the perfect summer read , " Schluep said . "  There 's fantasy , there 's love ,  and  there 's discovering your calling in life . " "  Shadow of Night " arrives July 10 . 10 . "  Albert of Adelaide " by Howard Anderson This praised debut from 66-year-old Howard Anderson follows a duck-billed platypus named -- you guessed it -- Albert as he escapes from a zoo in Adelaide , Australia . Albert 's missions is to find out whether "  there 's any truth to the ` Old Australia ' his fellow inmates keep whispering about , " explains Parnassus Books ' Hickey . He also clarifies that this novel , arriving July 10 , is for adults . Harvkey is also looking forward to this debut , adding that "  it 's dark in some ways ... and  Albert 's  not necessarily a cuddly character . It has action , unlikely heroes , and it 's also incredibly unusual . "	This summer 's reading picks highlight 10 books to watch for Readers from Publishers Weekly , Parnassus Books and Amazon.com weigh in Titles include new novels from favorites like Chris Cleave There are also fresh voices , such as Karen Thompson Walker
