Harold Ramis , the actor , writer and director whose films include "  Stripes , " "  Ghostbusters , " "  Groundhog Day " and "  Analyze This , " has died . He was 69 . His death was caused by complications related to autoimmune inflammatory vasculitis , a condition Ramis battled for four years , according to United Talent Agency , which represented Ramis for many years . His disease is called ` painful ' and ` debilitating ' Ramis died Monday morning in his Chicago-area home , the agency said . For more than 40 years , Ramis was a leading figure in comedy . A veteran of the Second City troupe in his hometown of Chicago , he was a writer for "  SCTV " and wrote or co-wrote the scripts for "  National Lampoon 's Animal House "  1978  , "  Caddyshack "  1980  , "  Stripes "  1981  , "  Ghostbusters "  1984  , "  Groundhog Day "  1993  and "  Analyze This "  1999  . The films often featured members of his generation of comedy talents -- veterans of the National Lampoon 's recordings , "  Saturday Night Live " and "  Second City TV " -- most notably Ramis ' old comedy colleague and fellow Chicagoan Bill Murray . "  Harold Ramis and I together did ` The National Lampoon Show ' off-Broadway , ` Meatballs , ' ` Stripes , ' ` Caddyshack , ' ` Ghostbusters ' and ` Groundhog Day . ' He earned his keep on this planet , " said Murray in a statement . "  God bless him . " Ramis ' directing credits include "  Caddyshack , " "  National Lampoon 's Vacation "  1983  , "  Groundhog Day , " "  Analyze This " and -- in a change from his usual comedies -- the dark 2005 film "  The Ice Harvest . " He occasionally acted as well , most notably playing Murray 's friend in "  Stripes , " Dr. Egon Spengler in "  Ghostbusters " and a doctor in "  As Good as It Gets "  1997  . "  Ghostbusters " star Dan Aykroyd wrote on Facebook , "  Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of my brilliant , gifted , funny friend , co-writer/performer and teacher Harold Ramis . May he now get the answers he was always seeking . " Steve Carell , who worked with Ramis on "  The Office , " tweeted , "  Harold Ramis . Funny , gracious , kind hearted . A joy to have known you . " Ramis directed several episodes of that TV series . Ramis ' films were some of the most influential -- and highest-grossing -- comedies of recent decades . "  Animal House " remains a model for knockabout laughs and gross-out moments . "  Caddyshack " is eminently quotable . "  Ghostbusters " was the second-biggest box office hit of 1984 , just behind "  Beverly Hills Cop . " But though the movies were full of silly moments , Ramis often tried to tap into larger themes . Perhaps most successful was "  Groundhog Day " in which Bill Murray 's cynical weatherman is forced to relive the same day over and over again until he finally comes to terms with his life . The film has been used as the subject of philosophical and religious discussions . That intellectual bent did n't always go over well with studio bosses , Ramis observed . In an interview with the Onion A.V. Club , he mentioned the studio for his 2009 film "  Year One " was uncertain how to pitch it . "  When the studio said , ` Well , what is the movie about ? ' I said , ` The movie tracks the psycho-social development of civilization . ' And they said , ` Uh , that 's not going to be too good on a poster . ' " Ramis was also a mentor to several current comedy writers and directors , the Chicago Tribune noted in its obituary . Judd Apatow , a fan , cast him as Seth Rogen 's father in "  Knocked Up . " Jake Kasdan put him in "  Walk Hard : The Dewey Cox Story "  which was co-produced and co-written by Apatow  . Did you ever meet Ramis ? Share your memories Ramis was usually a good-natured presence , playing understanding characters -- often doctors , of one sort or another . It was true to his personality , the late Second City founder Bernie Sahlins told the Chicago Tribune in 1999 . "  He 's the least changed by success of anyone I know in terms of sense of humor , of humility , sense of self , " Sahlins told the paper . "  He 's the same Harold he was 30 years ago . He 's had enormous success relatively , but none of it has gone to his head in any way . " Indeed , Ramis always seemed to find a way to laugh . Asked by The New York Times about the existential questions raised by "  Groundhog Day " -- and competing interpretations of the film 's meaning -- he mentioned that he did n't practice any religion himself . " Although I am wearing meditation beads on my wrist , " he noted . " But that 's because I 'm on a Buddhist diet . They 're supposed to remind me not to eat , but actually just get in the way when I 'm cutting my steak . " Ramis is survived by his wife , Erica Mann Ramis , three children and two grandchildren . People we 've lost in 2014	Harold Ramis , a noted comedy figure for more than four decades , dies at 69 Ramis played Dr. Egon Spengler in "  Ghostbusters " and also wrote the script Chicago-born performer and writer was mentor to many comedians and writers
CNN  -- Toronto Mayor Rob Ford said he suffered a "  setback " this week after a video posted on social media showed him babbling about the city 's police chief Monday night while he was at a fast-food restaurant . The mayor , who became infamous for admitting he had smoked crack and drank too much in the past , has said he only had a small amount to drink and did n't take drugs Monday . "  As you know , I 'm a human being -- the same as every one of you . And I 'm entitled to a personal life , and my personal life does not interfere with the work I do , day-in and day-out , for the taxpayers of this great city , " he told reporters Wednesday . "  Monday was unfortunate . I had a minor setback . We all experience these difficult bumps in life . I am telling the Toronto residents that I 'm still working hard every day to improve my health and my well-being . But again , this is completely a private matter . " The mayor , who has pledged to refrain from alcohol , stopped briefly to talk to reporters Tuesday when he was asked about the video that shows him incoherently talking to customers at a Steak Queen in Rexdale . "  I was with some friends and what I do with my personal life , and with my personal friends , that 's up to me , " he said then . In the video , which lasts 66 seconds , Ford speaks at times in Creole with a Jamaican accent . He is dressed in a suit and tie , with his back to the counter . He uses a profanity at the beginning of the clip to describe Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair . It 's the latest embarrassment for Ford . His saga began in May , when allegations emerged that he appeared to be smoking crack cocaine on a pipe on cell phone video taken months earlier , in winter 2012 . After initially denying that he had smoked the drug , he admitted in November that he had . The city council later voted to strip him of most of his power as mayor , reducing him to primarily a figurehead . Ford has ignored calls for him to resign or enter rehab and has said he will run for re-election in October .	He speaks after a video shows him babbling about the city 's police chief Ford says he 's entitled to a personal life The Toronto mayor is infamous for admitting he smoked crack
Washington  CNN  -- The federal government is postponing some of the consumer protections scheduled to take effect later this month after airlines and travel agents said they needed more time to implement the changes . About half the protections will still take effect August 23 as planned . But the Department of Transportation agreed to delay a handful of changes until Jan. 24 , 2012 , most notably a requirement that airlines disclose the full cost of flights in online and print advertising . The DOT said it is balancing the desire of consumer to have the changes "  as soon as practical " with the capability of the airlines to comply . Steve Lott of the Air Transport Association , which represents the airlines , said , "  The additional time will help our members navigate some of the significant programming and training complexities involved in implementing the new rule . " Kate Hanni , whose group FlyersRights.org championed the changes , said she was disappointed DOT granted the extensions . "  Every time something is to go into effect , they  the airlines  ask for a delay , " Hanni said . Hanni noted domestic tarmac delays dropped to almost zero after the three-hour tarmac rule was adopted in April 2010 , but said delays have been "  creeping up " in recent months . There were 16 of the lengthy tarmac delays in May and 14 in June , according to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics . In the meantime , Allegiant Air , Spirit Airlines and Southwest Airlines have filed suit in the U.S. Court of Appeals seeking to have many of the rules overturned , asserting that the DOT rules violate their rights . The rules being delayed until Jan. 24 are : -- Airlines must prominently disclose all potential fees on their websites , including fees for baggage , meals , canceling or changing reservations , and advanced or upgraded seating . Also , airlines and ticket agents must include all taxes and fees in every advertised price . This rule was scheduled to take effect in October , but airlines contended they need additional time to reprogram and reconfigure their online search engines to include the new requirements . -- Airlines must disclose baggage fees on e-ticket confirmations . -- Airlines must apply the same baggage allowances and fees through a passenger 's journey , including segments with interline and code share partners .  The airlines argued that there currently is no central repository for baggage policies and fees , and airlines are working to develop an industry solution . -- Airlines are banned from raising prices after the purchase , unless they are due to government-imposed taxes or fees , and only if the passenger is notified and agrees to the potential increase at the time of sale . -- Airlines are required to provide passengers timely notice of flight delays and cancellations . -- Airlines must allow reservations to be held at the quoted fare without payment , or canceled without penalty , for at least 24 hours after the reservation is made if the reservation is made one week or more before a flight 's departure date . These rules will take effect August 23 : -- Passengers involuntarily bumped from flights will be eligible for increased compensation . Currently , passengers can get up to $ 400 if the airline can get them to their destination within a short period of time  within one to two hours of their originally scheduled arrival time for domestic flights  , or up to $ 800 if they are delayed for a lengthy time . Under the new rule , bumped passengers can get up to $ 650 or $ 1,300 respectively . Inflation adjustments will be made to those compensation limits every two years . -- International flights delayed on U.S. airport tarmacs more than four hours must allow passengers to deplane , with exceptions allowed for safety , security or air traffic control-related reasons .  A three-hour rule already exists for domestic flights . -- Foreign airlines must post contingency plans for lengthy delays , customer service plans and contracts of carriage on their websites . -- Airlines must refund any baggage fee if the bag is lost .  Airlines already must compensate passengers for lost , damaged or delayed baggage . -- Airlines must post changes in baggage fees on their websites for three months . -- Airlines must prominently disclose all fees for optional aviation services on their websites . -- Where refunds are due , airlines must provide prompt refunds of fares and optional fees . In its Federal Register notice , the DOT also tried to clear up some confusion regarding rules that require airlines to give "  specific baggage fee information " on websites , and require carriers to provide "  specific charges " on e-ticket confirmations . The rule "  does not require passenger-specific information " on e-ticket confirmations , the DOT said . But airlines must provide specific information about fees "  so passengers can determine for themselves the fees that would apply to them . "	Airlines wo n't have to list extra fees in ads until January Department of Transportation granted the extensions More compensation for bumped passengers starts this month Some new rules apply to international airlines
CNN  -- Last Wednesday , in a move that I still do n't fully understand , I became a shareholder in the Spanish football club Real Oviedo . In terms of my relationship with football , I should probably lay my cards on the table . I am a Nottingham Forest fan . Anyone of a certain age with a passing interest in the game will understand that I 'm familiar with disappointment . Having watched Forest fall from the heights of back-to-back European Cup wins to the depths of English football 's third tier I know , all too well , the emotions involved in witnessing a distressing decline . This doubtless explains why some sense of faded glamour or a struggle against adversity tends to attract me to a club . To illustrate this point , my favorite Italian team is Sampdoria , currently lying 14th in Serie A. Winning , as they say , is n't everything . I realise this is perverse , but I 've never been able to understand the appeal of supporting a football giant , going into a season in the confident expectation of wins and trophies . Jerry Maguire So a couple of weeks ago , when I first heard of the plight of Oviedo , something clicked . I found myself Googling the club , reading about the city of Oviedo , admiring the jagged hills of Asturias . My attention was piqued by Sid Lowe , the British journalist whose animated appreciation of Spanish football has brought La Liga to life for many outside Spain . Lowe ignited the international campaign to save the club , while also warning that investors were highly unlikely to see any return . To paraphrase Jerry Maguire , he had me at ` unlikely ' . Here was a potentially lost cause that I was powerless to resist . I stepped up my research and prepared to delve into the insanity of football club ownership . By the time I was ready to take the plunge , Real 's global coalition of the willing had swelled considerably and the club was almost half way to safety . The share offer 's website looked reassuringly professional , and was helpfully available in English . Estadio Carlos Tartiere I had initially thought of just buying one share , but then I discovered that owning four shares would entitle me to attend the annual general meeting . Influence , I thought . I imagined myself turning up at the airport , being feted as an arriving hero and bought drinks in Oviedo 's tapas bars just for being me . I rejected any thoughts that this scenario was somewhat far-fetched . I inputted my passport number , transferred the cash , sat back and enjoyed the warm glow of owning something of no apparent value whatsoever . The weird thing is that it really was a glow . I had another look at the impressive Estadio Carlos Tartiere and smiled to myself . I wondered how much flights would cost , and how I would persuade my wife that a weekend in Asturias was a good idea . I started following Oviedo types on Twitter . I re-tweeted a link to the club 's soon-to-be-opened online shop . Mexican Tycoon As the club 's deadline day of November 17 approached , I kept an eye on the increasingly positive news coming from northern Spain ; this people 's club , now partly my club , looked close to completing its path to safety . Then came the news of Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim 's intervention . As a push over the line goes it could hardly be more emphatic , and suddenly the need to gather more shareholders became irrelevant . Oviedo was in the clear ; 13,000 shareholders and the world 's richest man had made it happen . However . I was n't quite sure how I felt about this new development . The idea that a multi-billionaire was now bankrolling the club was anathema to me ; I still feel that the age of the oligarch has done little but damage to football , at least in England . But it also opened up a world of possibilities . Even Nottingham Forest have super-rich owners now , and at the City Ground the Al Hasawi family have appeared at pains to show the club 's fans that they intend to do things "  the right way " . Maybe Carlos Slim would be the same . So far my only proof of ownership is my receipt from Paypal , which almost a week on makes me slightly uneasy but I hope is just a sign of how unbelievably successful this escapade has been for the club . I have a genuine feeling of being part of something , and a sense that this is the start of an exciting story . I also fully intend to make it to a game at the earliest available opportunity . I suppose I should probably think about how I explain to my wife that I 've spent a chunk of our weekly shopping money on a Spanish third division football team . She 's a Napoli fan ; surely she 'll understand ? For now though I 'm waiting patiently for my share certificate to arrive in the post . Whatever happens at the very least I have to buy a Real Oviedo mug .	Why would a Nottingham Forest fan invest $ 52 in third-tier Spanish club Real Oviedo ? Jonathan Hawkins interest in Oviedo piqued by British journalist Sid Lowe Hawkins bought four shares allowing him to attend Oviedo 's annual general meeting The third division club had had until November 17 to avoid extinction
Federal authorities accuse a 35-year-old Florida man of hacking into accounts on computers and other devices belonging to more than 50 people , including entertainers Scarlett Johansson , Christina Aguilera , Mila Kunis , Simone Harouche and Renee Olstead , officials announced Wednesday . Christopher Chaney of Jacksonville , Florida , was indicted on charges of accessing protected computers without authorization , damaging protected computers , wiretapping and aggravated identity theft , officials said . "  Unfortunately , Mr. Chaney was able to access nude photos of some of the celebrities and some of them were uploaded on the Internet , " U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. said . A recently circulated nude photo of Johannsson is part of the investigation , he said . Chaney allegedly "  also took financial information , movie scripts and conversations that the celebrities believed to be private , " Birotte told reporters . Chaney allegedly was able to access passwords by monitoring social media and other online sites that the celebrities used , said Steven Martinez , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's Los Angeles field office . "  You may have selected a password that 's meaningful to you that you may disclose online with friends , " Martinez said . "  Your pet 's name or whatever . That 's a clue to a hacker , to start there . " The suspect used several aliases such as "  trainreqsuckswhat , " "  anonygrrl , " and "  jaxjaguars911 , " authorities said in a news release . Chaney also allegedly used public sources to mine data about his victims , which included both males and females , all associated with the entertainment industry , authorities said . Authorities allege that once Chaney hacked into a celebrity 's e-mail account , he would use the contact lists to find other celebrities ' e-mail accounts . This allowed him to add new victims , authorities charge . Chaney made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Jacksonville , Florida , on Wednesday afternoon , and was released on a $ 10,000 unsecured bond with the conditions that he ca n't use any computer or other device with Internet access and he ca n't have any controlled substances or excessive use of alcohol , said Laura Eimiller , an FBI spokeswoman in Los Angeles . Chaney 's next court appearance will be at 10:30 a.m. Friday for an identity hearing in the same courthouse , Eimiller said . Chaney has been indicted on with nine counts of computer hacking for gain , eight counts of aggravated identify theft , and nine counts of illegal wiretapping , Birotte said . If convicted of the 26 counts , Chaney would face a maximum of 121 years in federal prison , Birotte said . The aggravated identity theft charge alone carries a mandatory two-year prison sentence , he added . Chaney allegedly also set his victims ' accounts to automatically forward their e-mails to his account , Birotte said . This allegedly allowed Chaney to continue to receive celebrities ' e-mails even after a password was reset , authorities said . Authorities allege that Chaney distributed photos of the celebrities that he obtained illegally and offered them to various celebrity blog sites . Some of the illegally obtained files , including private photographs , were ultimately posted online "  as a result of Chaney 's alleged activities , " authorities said in a statement . The FBI 's Los Angeles office said he was arrested as part of "  Operation Hackerazzi , " which looked into computer intrusions targeting individuals associated with the entertainment industry . Martinez said authorities have coined a word to describe hackers of celebrities ' e-mail accounts : hackerazzi . "  The paparazzi is always chasing them down , and now you have a virtual way of doing it by looking at posts they put on social media sites , " Martinez said , explaining the term . Investigators do n't have a motive for Chaney 's alleged offenses . "  Motive is always a question in criminal cases and we do n't know and we do n't care " in this case , Birotte said , adding he is confident of the hacking evidence against Chaney . The first real case of a celebrity hacking attack was in 2005 , when hackers logged into Paris Hilton 's phone and stole photos of her , according to Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at the F-Secure computer security company . Those hackers reportedly were able to break into Hilton 's phone by correctly guessing the not-so-secret answer to her security question , which was "  tinkerbell , " the name of her pet Chihuahua . In August , rapper Kreayshawn wrote on her blog that her Twitter account was hacked when naked photos of her showed up there . In March , Vanessa Hudgens of "  High School Musical " underwent a similar ordeal after photos were reportedly stolen from her Gmail account . And in December , police in Germany alleged two young men had used computer-hacking skills to gain access to the e-mail accounts and photos of more than 50 celebrities , according to Britain 's The Telegraph , including the likes of Lady Gaga and Ke $ ha . In the wake of the latest celebrity hacking allegations , some have started to assume celebrity photo leaks are the newest front in the so-called "  hacktivist " wars , waged by big-name hacking rings such as Anonymous and LulzSec . Those groups have claimed responsibility for taking down bank and government websites . But security experts said connections between celebrity hackers and groups such as Anonymous are thin or nonexistent . "  It 's obviously to gain media exposure , right ? " said Kevin Mitnick , a hacker turned security consultant and author of "  Ghost in the Wires . " "  It 's like everyone is trying to one-up Anonymous and one-up LulzSec . So somehow celebrities are becoming a target . "	Christopher Chaney makes first court appearance ; he 's released on $ 10,000 bond Among more than 50 victims are Scarlett Johansson and Christina Aguilera Authorities accuse Chaney of hacking into personal e-mail accounts and other devices He is charged with 26 counts involving computer hacking , identity theft and wiretapping
CNN  -- Another day , another star player ruled out of the 2014 World Cup . France is the latest team to suffer a hammer blow after playmaker Franck Ribery failed to overcome a back injury . Ribery , who plays club football for German champions Bayern Munich , had been battling the problem ahead of France 's opening Group E match against Honduras on June 15 . The 31-year-old had been following an individual training regime , but was forced to pull out of his first full session back with the squad . It was a doubly bad day for France coach Didier Deschamps as Lyon midfielder Clement Grenier 's World Cup was ended before it began due to a thigh injury . "  Ribery  stopped with a strong pain , " Deschamps , who captained France to World Cup glory in 1998 , told reporters . "  He had tests early in the afternoon which unfortunately confirmed the severity of the situation , that he will be unavailable for several weeks . " Ribery , who played for France in the 2006 World Cup final , and Grenier will be replaced in the squad by Montpellier 's Remy Cabella and Morgan Schneiderlin of Southampton . "  The two players were on the reserve list and they are similar to the two players who left us , " added Deschamps . "  You can not copy them exactly but Morgan Schneiderlin is the player most in the profile of Clement Grenier , and Remy Cabella is the most in the profile of Franck Ribery . " Ribery is the latest high-profile player to be ruled out of football 's showpiece event . Colombia striker Radamel Falcao failed in his bid to recover from a knee injury , while reigning world champions Spain will be without the services of Ribery 's Bayern teammate Thiago and Barcelona goalkeeper Victor Valdes . The Netherlands has lost two key players to injury . Roma midfielder Kevin Strootman is out with a long-term knee problem , joining Hamburg 's Rafael van der Vaart on the sidelines . England is missing Arsenal 's Theo Walcott for the tournament , while his Arsenal teammate Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is also struggling to play a part in Brazil after injuring himself in Wednesday 's friendly against Ecuador . Fitness doubts also hover over two of the world 's finest players . Uruguay 's Luis Suarez is in a race against time to recover from knee surgery , with FIFA Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo also managing a thigh injury and tendonitis in his knee , which has ruled the Real Madrid forward out of Portugal 's warmup match against Mexico on Friday .	France 's Franck Ribery is out of World Cup with a back injury The attacking midfielder had been battling to regain his fitness Lyon 's Clement Grenier will also miss the tournament with a thigh injury France 's opening match is against Honduras on June 15
CNN  -- Somebody in Michigan may be very happy soon . The winning ticket for the estimated $ 337 million Powerball jackpot was purchased at a Sunoco gas station in Lapeer , Michigan , said Andi Brancato , a spokesman for the Michigan lottery . The lucky person has not yet been identified . The winning numbers were 6 , 27 , 46 , 51 , 56 and 21 . The $ 337 million jackpot was the seventh-largest ever in America and the third-largest for Powerball , Brancato said . Eight other tickets won the $ 1 million Match 5 prize . Two of those tickets were bought in Indiana , and the others in Kansas , Kentucky , New Jersey , New Mexico , Pennsylvania and Virginia , lottery officials said . Why you keep playing the lottery The prize for the national lottery -- held in 42 states , the U.S. Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia -- swelled Saturday after no one hit all six numbers . The game 's largest prize to date was $ 365 million , which was awarded in 2006 to a group of eight co-workers at a Nebraska meat-packing plant . In 2005 , a group of four in Oregon won a $ 340 million jackpot , considered the second-largest . Those record drawings happened when the cost for a Powerball ticket was $ 1 . In January , the price increased to $ 2 , with officials saying it would lead to an increased number of large jackpots . At the same time , the odds improved somewhat because officials reduced the number of red balls , the powerballs , from 39 to 35 . Earlier this year , Louise White , an 81-year-old Rhode Island resident , came forward as the winner of a $ 336.4 million prize , the third-largest prize claimed so far in the game 's history . "  I 'm very happy and I 'm very proud , " she said . "  We are truly blessed . Thank you . " White bought the winning ticket in February in Newport , Rhode Island , after a family member had a craving for rainbow sherbet and brought her to a store , where she purchased the ticket . Ted Talks : How to buy happiness After realizing she had won , White tucked the winning ticket into her Bible and went to sleep holding the book , bringing it with her to breakfast the next day until she could eventually store it in a safe deposit box , before claiming her winnings . At $ 337 million , the Powerball pot still has ways to go to catch MegaMillions at the top of the list of U.S. grand prizes . In March , three tickets were sold for a drawing with the top prize of $ 656 million . Does winning the lottery guarantee happiness ?	The jackpot is the seventh-largest ever in America Powerball is held in 42 states , the U.S. Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia The game 's largest prize to date was $ 365 million Eight tickets worth $ 1 million each were also sold
Richmond , Virginia  CNN  -- "  I 'm a big history buff , " President Obama said in an interview with ABC News " George Stephanopoulos . "  And I think that understanding the history of the Confederacy and understanding the history of the Civil War is something that every American and every young American should be part of . " I am sometimes asked the same question that Mr. Stephanopoulos put to President Obama : Why study Confederate history ? And I agree with the president 's response . As we approach the 150th anniversary of the Civil War , we look back to its centennial in the 1960s . A lot has happened in this country since then , and our appreciation of the lessons of history has changed with the times . One constant has been the importance of the Civil War . It remains as the most important era of American history , a time when America withstood its biggest challenges to a constitutional democracy which then was still viewed as an experiment in a new form of government . The crucible of war defined the nation as we know it today , as we became "  indivisible " and "  with liberty and justice for all " for the first time . During the 1960s , we Americans looked at the war as it occurred on the battlefields , because the conduct and course of the war dominated every single moment of every day . And the Confederate soldiers have historically captured our fascination even more than the Union soldiers . Perhaps it is the gallantry and dash of leaders like Robert E. Lee or Stonewall Jackson or J.E.B. Stuart . Or perhaps it was the common enlisted men in the Confederate ranks , whose valor and courage -- in the face of tremendous privation and against overwhelming odds -- makes them stand out in world history as one of the best bodies of soldiers ever known . Another perspective on the Confederacy and history If the fascination with soldiers continues from the 1960s to today , what has changed ? Today , the study of Confederate history is much more "  inclusive " -- to use the word of choice for many state 's 150th anniversary commissions -- as we look more deeply into the past . Today we ask different questions of history and I think we get better answers . Let me list just a few of those questions . What about slavery ? We did not talk much about it in the 1960s . Today , we can not study the Confederacy without studying 40 percent of its population . So now we look long and hard at this aspect of American history , including its existence and importance in the North . We see so clearly today that it was a wrong , so we need to ask why so many people 150 years ago did not see it as wrong and why several of the important Christian denominations split apart over this issue before the country itself split . What about the slaves themselves ? Why did many take advantage of the first opportunity to escape to freedom while others remained "  loyal " to the South ? And what about the 400,000 African-Americans in the South who were free long before Abraham Lincoln came on the scene ? iReporter : Civil War history could have been "  teachable moment " What about the Southerners who remained loyal to the Union and chose to fight in blue , rather than gray ? What about the thousands of immigrants who "  escaped " the wars of Europe yet enlisted in both armies to demonstrate their loyalty to their new country ? At the opposite end of the spectrum , what about the Native Americans who had been here long before any Europeans , yet allied with the Confederacy ? The last Confederate brigade to surrender was composed entirely of Native Americans and commanded by Brigadier General Stand Watie , a full-blooded Cherokee . What about the very important Jewish community in the South ? Many served in the ranks while others saw civilian service , such as Judah Benjamin , who had three different Cabinet posts , or Phoebe Pember , who became the head nurse at Chimborazo , the biggest hospital in the world . And what about the women of the South ? The war thrust them into new positions of responsibility and many continued after the war to lead public enterprises that engendered self-esteem and respect . We Americans -- from native Americans to those who have ancestors who wore the blue or gray to those who are descended from slaves to those who have recently come to our shores -- want to know ourselves . We want to understand why our country is different from the others around the world . This is why millions of Americans read so many books about the Civil War or visit the battlefields or come to museums like The Museum of the Confederacy so that they can see first hand the ingredients that formed us . And this is why so many foreigners come to America to visit those same sites in order to understand why we are who we are . The fact is that we must know the Civil War if we are to know America . And to know the Civil War , we must know and understand the Confederacy -- in all of its diversity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S. Waite Rawls III .	S. Waite Rawls : Understanding the Confederacy key to knowing how the U.S. has evolved Today 's Confederate studies cover slavery and many other questions , he says Millions want to learn more about the Confederacy , he says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The death of a sixth patient from a SARS-like virus comes on the week that marks 10 years since the deadly outbreak hit Hong Kong . Reports of the new virus ' spread remind me of a phone call I received a decade ago : "  Kevin , we 're hearing that there might be a case of SARS on Lamma , " said my boss , referring to the tiny island off Hong Kong where I live . Back then I was working for The Wall Street Journal Asia , and my colleagues and I had been reporting on the outbreak for weeks from our homes . Like many businesses at the height of the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome , or SARS , employees were encouraged to stay away from the office , or any other places where large numbers of people gather . Still , I remember thinking : What do I do with this information ? How do I defend against what is unknown and unseen ? And is the sniffle I have more than just a runny nose ? When the World Health Organization  WHO  issued its global alert on March 12 , 2003 -- an ominous warning of a "  world-wide health threat " due the outbreak of an unknown form of severe pneumonia -- Hong Kong became a city under siege . Those of us living in the city in the months following that alert watched as the disease spread daily , growing from 150 confirmed cases in 10 nations to 8,096 cases in 30 nations -- killing 774 people -- by July , according to WHO . Hospitals were overrun , an apartment complex was quarantined , and restaurants and bars in one of the most crowded cities in the world were deserted . The disease decimated social conventions : A public service announcement suggested Japanese-like bows rather than handshakes at business meetings ; signs offered instruction on how to wash hands and proper spitting etiquette . Money changing hands suddenly took on a new scrutiny . Catholic priests were forbidden from offering sacramental wine and placing communion wafers in the mouths of the faithful . Many in this city of seven million turned to wearing masks , a prophylactic against panic yet an unnerving reminder of the life-and-death fights in the city 's medical centers . We now know SARS started in November 2002 across the border in mainland China 's Guangdong Province , percolating there until 10 years ago today . On February 21 , 2003 , a Chinese doctor who treated patients with atypical pneumonia in Guangdong province in China checked into Hong Kong 's Metropole Hotel to attend a wedding . The next day , the doctor was admitted to a Hong Kong hospital for respiratory failure . Disease detectives say SARS then spread to other travelers at the hotel , who then hopped on jumbo jets and spread the illness around the world . But that is hindsight . At the time , more was unknown than known , which ratcheted fears . Statistics offered comfort : The numbers were relatively small , we told ourselves , and noted that tens of thousands of people die each year of pneumonia in the U.S. alone . But our emotional lives are n't lived in a realm of statistical truth , as the casino and lottery industries can attest . You can tell yourself the odds are far against infection , and farther still against death , and yet -- what 's that tickle in my throat ? Fear was driven by the novelty of the disease . Epidemiologists had a number of false starts on the origin of the disease -- It 's chlammydia penuemoniae ; no , it 's a paramyxovirus -- until it was revealed to be a new strain of coronavirus , the same family of disease as the common cold . This did little to salve public nerves , because who has n't come down with a cold ? One day during the height of the outbreak I went to a movie with a friend , and I choked on my drink . As I coughed uncontrollably , a couple sitting behind us -- the only other people in the theater -- got up and left . The economic and political backdrop of the disease did n't help . The WHO announcement came just days before the 2003 Iraq War began . The September 11 terrorist attacks were still fresh in the public psyche , and before the disease was identified many serious questions were being asked whether it was bioterrorist attack . Hong Kong was already dealing with record high employment , which SARS further raised to an unprecedented 8.6 % by June . "  It 's a general emotional backdrop ; life is not safe , the world is not safe , even the ground under my feet I ca n't count on , " a local counselor told me at the time . "  People are very , very tired and very insecure . " Rumors spread faster than the disease . The suspected outbreak on my island proved false . After the outbreak at Amoy Gardens , an apartment complex where 329 people were infected and 42 killed , city officials went into overdrive to stop a rumor going viral on the internet that entire city was poised to be quarantined . A 14-year-old boy was later arrested for creating a fake news page creating the story . Most of the sick and dying were city medical professionals -- which made sense , considering they were the ones at the frontline treating the illness -- but that only added to our worries : If doctors and nurses ca n't protect themselves , how can we ? The cost to business was high . Conventions shut down , tourists stayed away . A friend of mine nearly lost his consulting business as he paid office rental space and salaries for three people with no income for three months as clients canceled training sessions . The Asian Develop Bank estimated SARS cost East and Southeast Asian economies $ 60 billion in lost demand and business revenue . But as the months passed , so did the malady . You could see the green sprouts of recovery in the early weeks as people turned masks into fashion statements , embroidering surgical masks with sequins ; other entrepreneurs started selling masks with Hello Kitty or other cartoon characters . On July 1 , 2003 , half a million of the city 's residents took to the streets on the sixth anniversary of the handover of the former British colony to China . Ostensibly , the protests were against a controversial new security measure , but the outpouring of support was fueled by frustrations with public officials over SARS . The city 's property market was leveled by fallout from the disease , but anyone who lived in Hong Kong at the time  this author included  is now kicking themselves for not purchasing an apartment during SARS -- the city 's property is now among the most expensive in the world . In retrospect , it can be argued that the paranoia of the first few months paid off : SARS was identified and stopped with unprecedented speed . "  It was rapidly contained within less than four months of the initial alert , as a result of an unprecedented level of international cooperation designed to prevent it from becoming established in people , as HIV/AIDS had done during the 20th century , " Professor David L. Heymann , head of the Centre on Global Health Security at UK think tank Chatham House , recently wrote . Still others argue lessons from SARS remain unlearned . "  Once the initial dilly-dallying gave way to decisive and swift state action , resources were effectively mobilized against the epidemic and policy coordination was significantly improved , " Yanzhong Huang , a senior fellow on global health for the Council on Foreign Relations , wrote earlier this month . "  Yet many of the measures widely credited for stopping the spread of the virus , such as isolation and quarantine , were only implemented after the virus " had dissipated , he said . The cases of a new SARS-like virus hitting a handful of people in Qatar , Saudi Arabia and the UK serves as reminder of the strange days that we in Hong Kong lived through a decade ago , and the hope that early detection of these cases will prevent other cities from living through a similar siege .	A decade ago on February 21 , the first victim of SARS came to Hong Kong Disease quickly spread around the world , killing 774 people by July 2003 There were 8,096 confirmed cases of SARS in 30 nations , according to WHO The city of Hong Kong was transformed as the epidemic unraveled in the city
Washington  CNN  -- Bipartisanship is usually seen as a good thing . It 's about opposing sides working together to reach a middle-ground , crafting legislation that gets things done . In times when neither political party is able to compromise on issues like forced spending cuts , gun control or even saving the Postal Service , bipartisanship -- like what was seen in the passage of funding legislation to avoid a government shutdown in late March -- has rarely been more important . But what about times when both parties worked together and things went wrong ? Politicians from both sides supported throwing Japanese-Americans in internment camps in the early days of World War II . In the 19th and 20th centuries , state legislatures across the South locked arms to pass laws restricting the right to vote of millions of people . And a nearly unanimous vote by Congress in 1964 led to a virtual blank check for President Lyndon Johnson to escalate America 's involvement in Vietnam . "  You can go through history and there has been bipartisan support for bad things , " said Curtis Gans , director of the Center for the Study of the American Electorate at American University . The Japanese interment camps resulted from an executive order , but neither side in Congress spoke out against it . "  In wartime , you know , that was clearly unjustified and clearly a basic violation of everything we stand for in terms of human rights , " Gans said . "  What you had was a very , very fearful American public , which influenced what happened . " Kevin M. Kruse , a history professor at Princeton , pointed out the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution on Vietnam in 1964 . It passed the House unanimously and the Senate with only two votes in opposition . "  A lot of unfortunate things have been passed because both parties can get swept up in the fear and urgency of the moment and nobody 's willing to or brave enough to stand up and say this is wrong , " said James N. Gregory , a history professor at the University of Washington . Gregory pointed to the Patriot Act in 2001 and the resolution to go to war with Iraq as his examples of bad pieces of bipartisan action . The Patriot Act was passed little over a month after the 9/11 terror attacks , but questions were subsequently raised about expanded law enforcement surveillance powers in terrorism investigations . Allowing detainment of non-U.S. citizens suspected of terrorism without specific charges also drew scrutiny . Congress voted overwhelmingly in favor of going to war in Iraq in 2003 , citing imminent fears that Saddam Hussein was hiding weapons of mass destruction . But none were ever found and the war went on for nearly a decade . There have been other cases not involving war or national crisis . "  Chinese exclusion was pretty popular by Democrats and Republicans , " said Gregory about the Chinese-Exclusion Act passed by Congress at the height of anti-Chinese sentiment in the U.S in 1882 . The law imposed severe restrictions on Chinese immigration -- which originally focused on "  skilled and unskilled laborers employed in mining " but later was extended to all Chinese wishing to immigrate to or remain in America . Another example of bipartisan acquiesce was in civil rights . "  Republicans in the early 20th century allowed Democrats to control the South and the disenfranchisement of African-Americans in the South , " said Robin Einhorn , a history professor at the University of California-Berkeley . Led by Democrats , state legislatures throughout the deep South passed several laws in the late 19th and early 20th centuries to discourage or prevent blacks from voting . Einhorn said with Jim Crow laws , immorality was condoned because neither side wanted to do the right thing and fight . "  The partisan response would have been to support African-American voting rights , " he said . Those laws were largely curtailed by the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . But enforcement of the landmark measure is under review now by the U.S. Supreme Court . Justices are considering an appeal that federal government intervention is no longer necessary to ensure that African-Americans can go to the polls . When asked about good pieces of partisan legislation , Gregory looks at events right after the Civil War . "  If you go back to the 1800s , Republicans jammed through all of the civil rights legislation -- including the 13th , 14th and 15th amendments -- that were crucial to our framework of rights , " said Gregory , "  And that was done in a highly partisan manner . " Alan Abramowitz , a political science professor at Emory University , pointed to Social Security , Medicare and key pieces of civil rights legislation that were opposed by many , including conservatives , but passed anyway because of support from members of both parties . "  It took strong partisan majorities in Congress to get those things , " said Abramowitz , "  It would n't have happened without that . "	The ability of both sides to come together has long been valued in Washington There are several instances where questionable action is bipartisan In most cases , decisions are driven by conflict or national crisis In other cases , inaction by both parties leads to immoral policy , experts say
CNN  -- Voters in Byron , Maine , have unanimously rejected a proposed law that would have required each household in the 140-person town to own a firearm and ammunition . Even the official who proposed the requirement , Selectwoman Anne Simmons-Edmunds , voted against it , saying she did so to have it reworked and reintroduced . "  We had some great ideas and great conversations . I think we will come back with a more comprehensive ordinance , maybe stronger wording for exemptions , " she said , adding that about 50 people were at a town meeting Monday night and voted on the measure , all opposing it . "  I know they thought it was going to do well , but I did n't think it was , " Selectman David Noise said of those who had supported the measure . Some in the community and at the meeting were strongly against the proposal , he said , even some that were gun owners . "  I did n't know how big this thing was going to be , " he added . Simmons-Edmunds said that while a core group of townspeople were angry at her for proposing the law , the majority in the town liked it , but "  wanted it tweaked . " "  I would not want anyone telling me how to feel about something , " Simmons-Edmunds said before the vote , "  and I do n't expect others to get on board with me because I 'm in favor of it . " The proposed ordinance had not included an enforcement component , she said . Senate panel agrees to new legislation on guns Senator : Ordinance ` too much ' Maine state senator and self-avowed National Rifle Association member John Patrick , who lives about 12 miles from Byron , told CNN Monday that the ordinance was "  too much . " "  I think the bill is n't necessary , especially in a small town , " he said . "  I do have several guns myself , but if my neighbors do n't want to , I do n't think it 's something that should go on the ballot . " Patrick added that this latest move in Byron came after a 2011 bill passed the state legislature prohibiting municipalities from creating their own gun laws . Study links gun laws and lower gun mortality Other cities Kennesaw , Georgia , passed a law almost identical to the Byron proposal back in 1982 , requiring every household to own a firearm along with ammunition . On its website , the city attributes the drop in the crime rate since then to the law . The mayor and council in Spring City , Utah , passed a resolution encouraging each household to own a firearm in January , and offered city buildings to be used as gun-training locations . Another Georgia town unanimously approved a proposal to mandate gun ownership last week . Citizens of Nelson , Georgia , now have a chance to review the proposal before the council takes it up again in April . In the Nelson proposal , people with physical or mental disabilities are exempt from the law , as are "  paupers , " felons , and those who oppose gun ownership based on belief or religious doctrine . Simmons-Edmunds said she had made mistakes in her proposal , which did not allow for any exemptions . She said she would like to exempt convicted felons , those with mental illnesses , and people with religious or moral reservations from firearm ownership . "  We basically wanted to send the message that our rights are ours and do n't mess with our weapons , " Simmons-Edmunds said Monday afternoon in advance of the meeting that rejected her proposal . Her fellow town official , Noise , took another view . "  I believe in the right to bear arms , " he said , "  but you should n't make people . What are you going to do if I do n't want one ? Come to my house and tell me I have to leave town ? " New law lets South Dakota schools arm teachers , volunteers CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	The proposal would have required a firearm in each household Byron has 140 citizens , about 50 voted on the measure Official who proposed it voted against it , saying it would be back after it is "  tweaked " Another official who opposes says , "  What are you going to do if I do n't want one ? "
CNN  -- U.S. Masters -- April 9-12 , 2009 2007 Masters champion Zach Johnson puts the green jacket on 2008 winner Trevor Immelman . While The Open Championship at St Andrews , Scotland may rival it for history , few would argue that the U.S. Masters tournament is unrivalled in terms of beauty and exclusivity . Played at the prestigious Augusta National Golf club in the city of Augusta , Georgia , the first "  major " of the golfing year is a strictly invitational event controlled by the club itself . The top 50 golfers in the official world rankings are all guaranteed an invite . The dramatic azalea-draped course -- the brainchild of golfing great Bobby Jones -- provides a tough test for the world 's elite golfers , particularly since it has been lengthened or "  Tiger-proofed " in recent years . However the relatively short 12th hole , named Golden Bell , is arguably the most challenging . Jack Nicklaus once called it "  the hardest tournament hole in golf , " due to the fact that its perilously narrow green is protected in front by Rae 's Creek , with two sand traps behind it . Misjudge the wind or get your club selection wrong and the ball will most likely end up in the water . Since Horton Smith won the inaugural Masters title in 1934 , the tournament has become as famous for its traditions as it has for the quality of golf on show . Winners are presented with a green jacket by the defending champion -- which they are obliged to return to the clubhouse the following year . Nicklaus , nicknamed the "  Golden Bear , " became the first golfer to successfully defend his green jacket . He also holds the record for the most titles won at Augusta with six -- his last coming in 1986 at the age of 46 . American players currently dominate the competition , following a period in the 1980s and 1990s which saw European players , including Seve Ballesteros and Nick Faldo , win 10 titles in 17 years . Current world number one Tiger Woods has won four times at Augusta since 1997 , while compatriot and rival for top spot , Phil Mickelson , won in 2004 and 2006 . South Africa 's Trevor Immelman is the current owner of the coveted green jacket . 2008 season in pictures " U.S. Open - June 15-21 , 2009 Tiger Woods and his caddie walk up to the 18th green on the Black Course at Bethpage State Park in 2002 . The second of the four major tournaments , the U.S. Open is hosted by the United States Golf Association  USGA  . Since its inaugural event in 1895 at the Newport Golf and Country Club , the event has been staged at a number of different courses . What 's your favorite tournament ? It was n't until 1913 that the U.S. Open championship really caught the imagination when a young American amateur , Francis Ouimet , stunned the golf world by defeating famous English professionals , Harry Vardon and Ted Ray , in a playoff . The format of the tournament has changed several times . The USGA extended the championship to 72 holes in 1898 , with 36 holes played on each of two days . In 1926 , the format was changed to 18 holes played each of two days , then 36 holes on the third day . In 1965 , the present format of four 18-hole daily rounds was implemented for the first time . Over the years , much has been made of the way U.S. Open courses have been set up , with incredibly tough pin positions and rough thick enough to require a compass to navigate through . "  Sometimes the players feel -LSB- the USGA -RSB- has gotten a little close to the edge on some holes , " defending champion Retief Goosen told the BBC at Pinehurst , North Carolina in 2005 . Two years later , when Oakmont Country Club in Pennsylvania hosted the tournament , World Golf.com quoted Tiger Woods as saying "  a 10-handicapper did n't stand a chance at breaking 100 " on a course that boasts over 200 deep bunkers . Bobby Jones , Jack Nicklaus , Ben Hogan , Willie Anderson and Hale Irwin have all triumphed at the U.S. Open on four occasions , while Woods , who won last year 's event at Torrey Pines following a dramatic playoff victory over Rocco Mediate , counts three so far among his haul of 14 major titles . The U.S. Open is the only major that requires participants to play-off over 18 holes . This year 's event at Bethpage State Park 's Black Course in Farmingdale , New York should be familiar to Woods , as he won here in 2002 . At 7,214-yards , the municipally-owned Bethpage was the longest U.S. Open course in history . The aptly-named Black Course even carries a warning sign about its difficulty on the first tee . In 2002 , American Hale Irwin missed the cut for only the sixth time in 33 Open starts after two torrid rounds of 82 and 81 . "  They can go out and write a new book and title it , ` Massacre at ... wherever the heck we are , " U.S. Open.com quoted him as saying . It remains to be seen whether the recently-injured Tiger can tame the course once again . Watch more about Woods ' comeback " The Open Championship -- July 16-19 , 2009 Padraig Harrington  right  and Greg Norman line up putts during the 2008 Open Championship at Royal Birkdale . Organized by the R&A , which takes its name from Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews , Scotland , The  British  Open Championship is the oldest of the four major tournaments . It is also the only one held outside of the United States . First held in October , 1860 , The Open was mostly played in Scotland during its early years . Prestwick Golf Club in Ayrshire was the birthplace of the event , which saw just eight players compete in its inaugural year . A year later the tournament was declared open to the whole world and the event has been known simply as "  The Open " ever since . Since the early days , the R&A has established a rota of British seaside "  links " courses to host the event . The major difference between a links course and a parkland course -- such as Augusta -- is that it is far less manufactured . Links courses are constructed out of the sandy , windswept coastal terrain , with few "  man-made " additions . Players are faced with thick rough , narrow undulating fairways that snake around dunes , and lightening quick greens . There are far fewer trees and water hazards . When the wind gusts these courses demand the highest level of skill and imagination . This year 's tournament will be held on the famous Ailsa course at Turnberry on the west coast of Scotland . With its dramatic views and elevated cliff-top holes , the 7,200 yard course previously hosted The Open in 1977 , 1986 , 1994 . The winning aggregate scores in 1977 and 1994 rank among the lowest recorded in Open history , largely because the wind was n't blowing as it can . Current Open champion Padraig Harrington will arrive at Turnberry looking to win the tournament for the third time in as many years . At Carnoustie in 2007 , Harrington became the first Irishman to win The Open since Fred Daly in 1947 . He defended his title the following year at Royal Birkdale , finishing four strokes ahead of England 's Ian Poulter . Harrington has a long way to go before matching the great Harry Vardon 's record of six Open victories between 1896 and 1914 . Surprisingly , U.S. golfers -- more used to parkland courses -- have enjoyed great success in the competition in recent years , with 10 wins in 12 years . Tiger Woods , who missed out through injury last year , lifted the Claret Jug in 2000 , 2005 and 2006 . U.S. PGA Championship -- August 10-16 , 2009 Harrington pumps his fist as he sinks a putt to win the 2008 U.S. PGA Championship at Oakland Hills . The final major of the year , The PGA Championship is organized by the Professional Golfers Association of America  PGA of America  and is also held at a different course each year . The brainchild of New York salesman Rodman Wannamaker , the first PGA Championship was held at Siwanoy Country Club in Bronxville , New York in 1916 -- the same year the PGA of America was founded . The winners ' trophy is named after him . The competition , which was only switched from a matchplay to a strokeplay format in 1958 , does not allow amateurs to compete . It always attracts a world class field , in addition to a number of ordinary club professionals in the United States who can qualify through a national tournament . This year 's tournament will be held at Hazeltine National Golf Club in Chaska , Minnesota , the scene of Rich Beem 's defeat of a charging Tiger Woods in 2002 . Beem , an unknown club professional who also sold car stereos , held off Woods by recording birdies in his final four holes for a 68 that gave him victory by just one shot . The 7,149-yard course is ranked among the top courses in the United States , according to the PGA . Its signature 16th hole features a wide open fairway that narrows into a long peninsula featuring an elevated green protected by Lake Hazeltine . This year Padraig Harrington will attempt to defend the trophy , a year after he pulled off a dramatic victory over Spain 's Sergio Garcia at Oakland Hills . If he succeeds he will become only the second man -- after Tiger Woods -- to be back-to-back PGA Champion . However , both men lag behind Jack Nicklaus , who won a record-equaling fifth U.S.PGA title in 1980 at Oak Hill , Rochester -- the hometown of Walter Hagen , the player whose record Nicklaus tied .	U.S. Masters is always held at prestigious Augusta National , Georgia , U.S. 2009 U.S. Open at Bethpage State Park 's Black Course in Farmingdale , NY Open Championship is the only major held outside the United States U.S. PGA Championship is only major not open to amateur golfers
Dozens of concertgoers were hospitalized during a show by superstar DJ Avicii in Boston on Wednesday night , CNN affiliates reported . Local media put the number of patients anywhere between 30 and 80 . Massachusetts General Hospital told CNN it received 13 patients between ages 16 and 19 . All of the patients are being evaluated , said Kory Zhao , a hospital public affairs officer . Most patients had a problem with dehydration , drugs and alcohol , authorities told CNN affiliate WHDH . Avicii , the Swedish artist behind the hit song "  Wake Me Up , " performed at the TD Garden as part of his True Tour . Dozens of ambulances lined up outside the garden venue as crowds spilled into the streets after the concert . Other ambulances zoomed off , red lights flashing , as frazzled parents waited . "  I have a 15-year-old and her girlfriend that came to the Avicii concert ... we just heard about this , " Pam Jones told WHDH . "  I 'm very shocked . We have to find her . " Chanel Andre , who also attended the concert , said the venue was hot . "  These concerts should be outside ... I think it was a combination of heat and drugs , more of the latter , " she said . The artist , whose real name is Tim Bergling , became an international star as a DJ and producer in electronic dance . His other hit songs include "  Hey Brother " and "  Levels , " which was nominated for a Grammy for Best Dance Recording last year . This is the latest incident involving concertgoers . A man collapsed and died after leaving the Electric Daisy Carnival in Las Vegas on Saturday morning , the Las Vegas Sun reported . Avicii was on the schedule of performers at that festival . It 's unclear whether his death was linked to the festival . An investigation is under way . Police told the newspaper that nearly 800 people were treated for medical conditions , 25 of whom were transported to local hospitals . About 400,000 people attended the Las Vegas music event during its three-night run , the paper said . Avicii cancels Ultra Festival performance to undergo gall bladder surgery Electric Zoo music festival canceled after 2 deaths blamed on drugs 10 indicted in deaths at 201 Love Parade music festival in Germany	This is the latest incident involving concertgoers Superstar DJ Avicii is the Swedish artist behind the hit song "  Wake Me Up " Most patients had a problem with dehydration , drugs and alcohol , authorities say
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and congressional leaders will discuss the looming fiscal cliff impasse Friday at the White House , aiming for a last-minute deal to stave off automatic tax increases and spending cuts . The 3 p.m. meeting -- which will include Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , House Speaker John Boehner , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell -- will come days before the deadline to reach a deal , and after another day of Republicans and Democrats blaming each other for the stalemate . White House spokeswoman Amy Brundage confirmed the meeting , but did not elaborate . Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck and McConnell spokesman Don Stewart both tried to put the onus on their rival political party -- in the former case urging the Democratic-led Senate to pass a bill approved by the GOP majority in the House , and in the latter asking for a detailed proposal from Obama . Earlier Thursday , McConnell said his side wo n't "  write a blank check for anything Senate Democrats put forward just because we find ourselves at the edge of the cliff . " While a Senate Democratic leadership member said such details would be forthcoming , two White House officials said Obama will not send a fiscal cliff measure to Congress . Reid , the Nevada Democrat , argued that Republicans undermined a potentially major agreement over the past two years by refusing to compromise on their opposition to higher tax rates for the wealthy . Hours before Friday 's meeting was announced , he was doubtful there would be a deal by January 1 . "  I do n't know , time-wise , how it can happen now , " Reid said . Democrats , GOP challenge each other to act first The Consumer Confidence Index sank Thursday amid growing fears the sides wo n't come together . If they do n't , economists have warned it could cause another recession . Fiscal cliff fears jolt consumer confidence At the least , hopes for an imminent so-called grand bargain that would address chronic federal deficits and debt appeared dashed right now , leaving it to the White House and legislators to work out a less ambitious agreement . The principal dispute continues to be over taxes , specifically the demand by Obama and Democrats to extend most of the tax cuts passed under President George W. Bush while allowing higher rates of the 1990s to return on top income brackets . Obama campaigned for re-election on keeping the current lower tax rates on family income up to $ 250,000 , which he argues would protect 98 % of Americans and 97 % of small businesses from rates that increase on income above that level . Republicans oppose any kind of increase in tax rates , and Boehner suffered the political indignity last week of offering a compromise -- a $ 1 million threshold for the higher rates to kick in -- that his GOP colleagues refused to support because it raised taxes and had no chance of passing the Senate . Fiscal cliff a self-inflicted problem Last Friday , the president proposed the scaled-back agreement that included his call for extending tax cuts on households with incomes under $ 250,000 , as well as an extension of unemployment insurance . McConnell told Obama in a telephone conversation Wednesday that he must see details of a proposal before he can figure out how to proceed on a Senate vote . However , a senior Democratic Senate source said Thursday that McConnell must first work things out with House Speaker John Boehner before Democrats divulge more . Such squabbling has left many doubtful there will be a deal before the fiscal cliff takes effect . Reid criticized Boehner 's insistence the Senate act on House measures , saying Democrats and Republicans have to agree on something together . "  We are in the same situation we 've been in for a long time , " Reid said . "  We ca n't negotiate with ourselves . " Both sides play the ` blame game ' Reid said Boehner wants to wait until after the new House re-elects him as speaker early next month before proceeding with a compromise -- one that will need support from both Democrats and Republicans to pass . Boehner is "  more concerned about his speakership than putting the country on firm financial footing , " Reid claimed . In response , Boehner spokesman Michael Steel said Reid should stop talking and instead take up legislation passed by the House to avert the fiscal cliff . This comes a day after Boehner 's leadership team issued a statement saying the Senate must go first -- either by passing or amending the House-passed proposal -- and only then will they act , an assertion Buck repeated Thursday evening . Reid and Democrats reject the GOP proposals , which would extend all tax cuts passed under former President George W. Bush and revamp the spending cuts of the fiscal cliff . They 've called them insufficient , shifting too much deficit reduction burden on the middle class . Instead , Reid called on Boehner to allow a vote on a Senate-passed measure to implement Obama 's plan to extend tax cuts to the $ 250,000 threshold . However , McConnell rejected that possibility Thursday , as he sought to focus the debate on revising House-passed measures . One possibility is the fiscal cliff takes effect and taxes go up in January , then Congress steps in to bring tax rates back down for at least some people -- allowing them to say they 're lowering taxes , even if taxes for some wealthy people are higher in 2013 than they were in 2012 . But retiring Republican Rep. Steve LaTourette of Ohio calls that scenario little more than a political game . "  Nobody is willing to pull the trigger  because  everybody wants to play the blame game , " LaTourette said . "  This blame game is about to put us over the edge . " Opinion : Art that calls the fiscal cliff 's bluff Polls show most back Obama Obama and Democrats have leverage , based on the president 's re-election last month and Democratic gains in the House and Senate in the new Congress . In addition , polls consistently show majority support for Obama 's position on taxes . The Gallup daily tracking poll released Wednesday showed 54 % of respondents support Obama 's handling of the fiscal cliff talks , compared with 26 % who approve of Boehner 's performance . "  We believe very strongly a reasonable package can get majorities in both  chambers  , " a senior White House official said . "  The only thing that would prevent it is if Sen. McConnell and Speaker Boehner do n't cooperate . " Americans less optimistic of fiscal cliff deal Anti-tax crusader Grover Norquist has vowed to back primary challenges against Republicans who violate his widely signed pledge not to raise taxes . Even if a deal is reached , he predicts budget showdowns will continue -- every time the government needs more money to operate . "  There the Republicans have a lot of clout because they can say we 'll let you run the government for the next month , but you 've got to make these reforms , " he said this week . On Wednesday , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told Congress the government would reach its borrowing limit at year 's end , but could take steps to create what he called "  headroom " for two months or so . However , Geithner said uncertainty about the fiscal cliff and deficit negotiations make it hard to predict precisely how long government measures to address the situation will last . Crisis two years in the making The possibility of a fiscal cliff was set in motion over the past two years as a way to force action on mounting government debt . Now , legislators risk looking politically cynical by seeking to weaken the measures enacted to try to force them to confront tough questions regarding deficit reduction , such as changes to government programs like Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . The two sides seemingly had made progress early last week on forging a $ 2 trillion deficit reduction deal that included new revenue sought by Obama and spending cuts and entitlement changes desired by Boehner . Obama 's latest offer set $ 400,000 as the income threshold for a tax rate increase , up from his original plan of $ 250,000 . It also had a new formula for the consumer price index -- called chained CPI -- that wraps in new assumptions on consumer habits in response to rising prices , such as seeking cheaper alternatives , and would result in smaller benefit increases . Statistics supplied by opponents say the change would mean Social Security recipients would get $ 6,000 less in benefits over the first 15 years of chained CPI . Liberal groups have openly challenged the plan , calling it a betrayal of senior citizens who contributed all their lives for their benefits . Boehner appeared to move on increased tax revenue , including higher rates on top income brackets and eliminating deductions and loopholes . But his inability to rally all House Republicans behind his plan last week raised questions about his role and what comes next . Reid and other Senate Democrats say House Republicans must accept that an agreement will require support from legislators in both parties , rather than the GOP majority in the House pushing through a measure on its own . Some House Republicans have said they would join Democrats and support the president 's plan in hopes of moving past the volatile issue to focus on spending cuts and entitlement reforms they seek . Will fiscal cliff hurt the economy ? CNNMoney 's Jose Pagliery and CNN 's Adam Aigner-Treworgy , Brianna Keilar , Jessica Yellin , Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett , Greg Botelho and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	NEW : McConnell 's spokesman says Obama should give details of his proposal Boehner , Reid , Pelosi and McConnell will meet at the White House on Friday The Senate returns to work ; the House will be back in session Sunday Without a deal , taxes go up and spending gets slashed in the new year
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Rudolpho Marquez , Richard Reyes and Cesar Cruz make for a most unlikely car pool . They are all former gang rivals who have spent hard time in prison . But they 've put the past behind them for common goals : jobs and their families . Rudolpho Marquez , Richard Reyes and Cesar Cruz are ex-gang members working together now . "  It 's a lesson in that you do n't have to kill your neighbors , " said Reyes , who spent the last decade in and out of prison for an array of drug offenses . "  It do n't matter where you come from , what background you come from . We are all humans , and we should learn to live together . " Marquez chimed in , "  We treat each other like normal human beings now . We get along great . We socialize . " The three men are part of a solar-installation program paid for by Homeboy Industries , a Los Angeles-based nonprofit organization that works with former gang members and others who have spent time in prison to put them to work . Watch Homeboy help ex-gang members " The latest project is aimed at green jobs , offering former gang members and parolees a chance to break ground in alternative energy programs while the issue is being pushed by President Obama and the nation 's lawmakers . Homeboy is the brainchild of the Rev. Gregory Boyle , known simply as Father Greg by everyone here . Boyle first started a small program in 1988 to offer alternatives to gang violence in one of Los Angeles ' toughest neighborhoods . "  I started burying young kids who were killed in our community , " he told CNN . "  I buried my first in 1988 and just buried my 165th two months ago . So we as a community started to say , ` We have to do something . ' " Over the last two decades , Homeboy has reached out to the 1,100 gangs in metro LA , helping provide a second chance to those who want it . The organization provides much-needed job training , hires ex-gang members for transitional jobs and helps give other free programs to people who otherwise struggle in the outside world . Boyle said it 's a simple philosophy : Offer gang members hope through gainful employment , and they 'll want to "  leave behind all of their gang past . " "  This population really ca n't afford to just go to school . They are not living at home with their parents . They have no one there , really , " he said . Reyes calls the Catholic priest a saint . "  If there were more people like him , there 'd be less people like me , " he said . In Reyes ' case , he missed the births of his daughters -- Valerie , 9 , and Vanessa , 7 -- because he was behind bars . "  I feel I wasted my life , " he said . "  I thought being a father was making babies , but being a father is taking an interest in your kids . " Since his release from prison in May 2008 , he has graduated at the top his class in the Homeboy-sponsored solar program . He is now working on a $ 2.5 million project for Lite Solar to install 1,500 solar panels on an apartment building . As he watched his daughters play on a recent afternoon , he said , "  It feels good knowing you can provide for them . " On Tuesday , Reyes got another reward : He welcomed his first son into the world . His wife , Susana Reyes , said the Homeboy program completely changed her husband . "  Before , it was all about his gang , " she said . "  Now , I know he loves his daughters . " Albert Ortega , now 34 , spent seven years in prison , beginning when he was just 19 . He was hired by Homeboy and is now the coordinator of the solar program . "  This program totally changed my life , " he said . A father of three children , Ortega said he kept making poor choices to make quick money . After his most recent release from prison , he said he approached Boyle to help him clean up his life . "  I was willing to try anything , " Ortega said . "  I just did n't want to go back to prison , and I did n't want to disappoint my daughters . " That 's a sentiment echoed by the car pool trio . "  Seeing everybody I grew up with going to jail . I did n't want to live that life , " said Cruz . Added Reyes , "  If you want to change your life around , anything is possible . " CNN 's Traci Tamura and Gregg Canes contributed to this report .	Homeboy Industries started in 1988 to help ease tensions among gangs A new program funded by Homeboy trains ex-gang members on green jobs "  It 's a lesson in that you do n't have to kill your neighbors , " says Richard Reyes Ex-gang member says friends all went to jail : "  I did n't want to live that life "
CNN  -- The only thing Venus Williams treasures more than winning is a decent nap . Venus Williams knocks Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova out of the Barclays Dubai Tennis Championships on February 17 , 2009 . Just before a match , when other top tennis players might be psyching themselves up for a three-set onslaught , the elder of the Williams sisters can be found somewhere private , snoozing . "  I 'm always sleepy , " she told CNN in an interview for this month 's edition of "  Revealed . " "  I 'm literally taking a nap during the first set and the match before me , so I 'm probably the only person that can go to sleep , come out 15 minutes later and start playing . " Wary of sending the wrong signals to her rivals , the sixth seed confessed to CNN that she prefers to take her naps in private . "  I 'm wondering if my competitor is going to see me here , so I try to act like I 'm not asleep , but I am asleep , or I try to find a place where I can sleep in and no one will see me , " she laughs . The lightning-fast speed of Venus ' serve is at complete odds with her personality . She is strong , ambitious and determined , but also surprisingly laid-back for someone whose professional career is about playing harder , longer and faster . "  I just always go with the flow , " she told CNN . "  On the court , that 's when I get most intense . In practice , I scream and yell and threaten to throw my racquet but in the match I 'm not like that at all . " Her younger sister , world number one Serena , sounds almost envious of Venus ' ability to keep her emotions in check . "  Venus is really , really unusually composed and that 's just her style , " Serena told CNN . "  On the court she 's always really focused . She always has this quiet tenacity and she never really shows her emotions which I think is good . " The youngest of five sisters , Serena says she continues to draw inspiration from her closest sibling . Venus is just 15 months older than Serena . She set the marker for success in 2002 when she became the first of the sisters to become world number one . Serena first took the title in July of the same year and reclaimed it earlier this month . "  She 's my bigger sister , she 's my older sister , she 's a role model for me , " Serena said . "  I 'm always trying to do what she does . If she 's going on the right path then I 'm going on the right path too . If she 's working hard then I want to work hard also . I 'm the little sister who wants to be just like the big sister , " she added . If they once struggled to find the required ruthlessness to eliminate each other from a competition , it is clearly no longer a problem . Of 18 matches they have contested , each sister has won nine . At the time of writing , there is every chance they will meet again this week in the semi-final of the Barclays Dubai Tennis Championships . They last clashed at the Sony Ericsson Championships in Doha in November 2008 when Venus dispatched Serena in three hard-fought sets before going on to win her first end of season title . Asked after the match about accusations they do n't play as hard against each other as they would normal rivals , Venus replied , "  You have to play hard against a Williams or you are going home quickly . We try our hardest and I think that everyone knows that by the effort level . " Their mother , Oracene Price , told CNN she keeps her advice on the subject simple . "  I just tell them to remember they are sisters and how love and how to care for one another is more important than anything , " she said . "  So , this is just a game and eventually it would be over and you will have to live with each other . So , just go out there and do your best and whoever wins , wins . And whoever loses , better luck next time . " Having said that , Price admits she keeps her distance from whoever comes out second best , in any match . "  They do n't want to be talked to , they do n't want you telling them anything , they just want to be left alone and that 's what I do , " she told CNN . There is no need for tip-toeing today . Venus made fast work of Russian Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova , beating the 17-year-old 6-0 , 6-1 in less than one hour in the second round of the Barclays Dubai Tennis Championships . Venus told CNN her ambition this year is to topple Serena to become the world number one . "  I think I am in a great position to do that , " she said . Watch Venus Williams on Revealed this week at the times below : ALL TIMES GMT Wednesday , February 18 : 0930 , 1830 Saturday , February 21 : 0830 , 1900 Sunday , February 22 : 0530 , 1830 Monday , February 23 : 0400	Venus Williams admits she 's always sleepy , likes to nap before a match The sixth seed is playing in the Dubai Tennis Championships this week Venus aims to topple sister Serena to become world number one in 2009 Watch Venus Williams on Revealed this week at the times below
Where to twirl in the shadow of palm trees , city skyscrapers , or dramatic stone cliffs . Boston : Boston Common Frog Pond The nation 's oldest public park transforms its reflecting pool into an outdoor rink each winter . Chefs from the local restaurants Cheers and Hampshire House oversee the kid-friendly menu at the snack bar . Nov. 15 to Mar. 17 ; $ 4 , free for kids under 14 , $ 8 skate rental . Chicago : McCormick Tribune Ice Rink at Millennium Park The Windy City 's newest downtown park is a feat of landscaping that encompasses a Frank Gehry-designed concert space , an interactive fountain , a garden , a restaurant -- even room for art exhibitions , picnics , and , yes , outdoor skating . Nov. 14 to Mar. 16 ; free , $ 9 skate rental . Houston : Polar Ice Galleria Beneath a glass atrium inside Houston 's sprawling , high-end mall , this bi-level rink provides a well-deserved break from that other holiday sport -- shopping . Year-round ; $ 8 , $ 7 for children under 13 , $ 3 skate rental . Los Angeles : Downtown on Ice At the Pershing Square rink , surrounded by palm trees , skaters can join periodic hockey clinics run by the L.A. Kings or glide along to live swing , jazz , or country music during free concerts held Tuesdays and Thursdays at noon , Fridays at 8 p.m. , Saturdays at 1 p.m. , and Sundays at 2 p.m. Nov. 15 to Jan. 21 ; $ 6 , $ 2 skate rental . Minneapolis : Depot Skating Rink Housed in a former train shed at the historic Depot , the rink has an iron-truss canopy ceiling and giant glass walls looking out at downtown Minneapolis . Thursday to Sunday , Nov. 21 to Mar. 16 ; $ 8 , $ 6 for children under 18 , $ 6 skate rental . New York City : The Pond at Bryant Park There 's no shortage of Manhattan rinks , but the pond ringed by trees and gleaming skyscrapers gets kudos for its free admission and park perks : an old-fashioned carousel , a flower kiosk , and a holiday market . The rink shuts down early to make way for the white tents of Fashion Week , held each February . Oct. 26 to mid-Jan. ; free , $ 10 skate rental . Philadelphia : Blue Cross River Rink On the banks of the Delaware River , the rink hosts a free event each month : the crowd-pleaser Skate with Santa  Dec. 16  , a New Year 's Eve Party on Ice  Dec. 31  , a Healthy Kids Fest  Jan. 12  , and a Sweet Treats weekend  Feb. 2-3  . Nov. 23 to Mar. 2 ; $ 6 , $ 3 skate rental , $ 1 discount coupons available online . Sun Valley : The Sun Valley Ice Rink Cool mountain nights and a sun shade keep this outdoor rink open even in the dog days of summer . A part of the ritzy Sun Valley Lodge , the rink mounts annual ice shows with Olympic medalist headliners and sells gear and frilly skating costumes . Year-round ; $ 10 , $ 8.50 children under 13 , $ 4 skate rental . Washington , D.C. : Sculpture Garden Ice-Skating Rink The rink is strung with festive lights and set amid the National Gallery of Art 's outdoor sculpture collection , graced by the works of Joan Mir , Sol LeWitt , and Ellsworth Kelly . Nov. 17 to mid-Mar. ; $ 7 ; $ 6 for children under 13 , seniors , and students with ID ; $ 3 skate rental . Yosemite National Park : Curry Village Ice Rink Half Dome and Glacier Point make a spectacular backdrop for skating , one of Yosemite 's many winter activities  snowshoeing , skiing , snowboarding , tubing  for hearty souls . Refuel with hot apple cider and s'mores by the outdoor fire pit . Nov. 16 to mid-Mar. ; $ 8 , $ 6 for children under 12 , $ 3 skate rental . E-mail to a friend Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you and enter to win a free trip to Finland - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2007 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Rinks around the U.S. offer a variety of amenities Some of the best Indoor rinks are in Houston and Minneapolis Yosemite National Park provides great views while skating
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic began his Abu Dhabi title defense talking about donkey cheese , but he ended it with the perfect start to his preseason preparations . The world No. 1 retained his title in the Middle East exhibition event on Saturday , beating 11th-ranked Nicolas Almagro in a three-set final that should have blown away any remaining rustiness following his demolition of another Spaniard , David Ferrer , in the semis . Djokovic will now head to Australia for another warmup event , the mixed teams Hopman Cup , where he will line up with glamor girl Ana Ivanovic in Serbia 's opening rubber against Italy 's Andreas Seppi and Francesca Schiavone on Monday . The 25-year-old on Thursday denied claims that he has bought the world 's entire supply of donkey cheese for his restaurant business back home . "  I did not expect this story was going to get so much attention , and everywhere in the world too , " he told the Gulf News ahead of his first match at the Mubadala World Tennis Championship . "  There is a certain farm in Serbia that produces it and , as I understand it , it is the only farm in the world to do so , which is very interesting . "  They came to our restaurant and offered co-operation , so that is all . We are now thinking and seeing what we can do with that , but it is not true that I already bought the whole supply . " Australian Open champion Djokovic had to fight hard against Almagro -- who was a late replacement for the ill Rafael Nadal . He finally triumphed 6-7  4-7  6-3 6-4 in two hours and 35 minutes against the 27-year-old , who beat Serbian Janko Tipsarevic in another three-set match on Friday . "  Nico played an amazing game . He was hitting strong from the baseline and he was n't giving me much time , " Djokovic said . "  It was a close match and I am very satisfied with how I played . This is a top-level event and we all want to see where we are in readiness for the season . Hopefully I 'll be back to defend my title . " World No. 9 Tipsarevic finished the six-man tournament in fourth place after losing 7-6  7-4  6-2 to fifth-ranked Ferrer in Saturday 's playoff . The Hopman Cup began in Perth on Saturday , with Australia beating Germany 3-0 in Group A and Spain defeating South Africa 2-1 in Group B. Australia 's win was helped by a knee injury suffered by Germany 's former world No. 9 Andrea Petkovic , who has slipped out of the top 100 after suffering a series of physical problems in 2012 . She led Australian 16-year-old Ashleigh Barty 6-4 in their singles match before retiring , and was then unable to play in the mixed doubles -- and is a major doubt for the season 's opening grand slam in Melbourne next month . In the opening men 's match , Bernard Tomic beat veteran Tommy Haas 7-6  8-6  3-6 7-5 . Haas , ranked 31 places higher at 21st in the world , blew a 6-1 lead in the tiebreak and failed to serve out for victory at 5-4 ahead in the decider . Kevin Anderson gave South Africa an early lead when he beat Fernando Verdasco in straight sets , but Anabel Medina Garrigues leveled the tie with victory over Chanelle Scheepers and the Spaniards then won the doubles 6-4 6-7  3-7  10-8 .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic beats Nicolas Almagro in final of Abu Dhabi exhibition He will now head to Perth to play in Hopman Cup with fellow Serbian Ana Ivanovic Mixed teams event began on Saturday , with Australia and South Africa winning Germany 's Andrea Petkovic in doubt for Australian Open after suffering knee injury
CNN  -- Police have made an arrest in the home invasion slaying last year of a Southern California couple in their beach house , authorities said Monday . Joshua Graham Packer , 20 , of Ventura is facing charges including three counts of murder and two counts of robbery , Capt. Ross Bonfiglio of the Ventura County Sheriff 's Department said . Packer is accused of murdering Brock Husted , his wife , Davina Husted , and her fetus . The Husteds , who were both 42 , were stabbed to death in their seaside home in Faria Beach , California , on May 20 . Chief Gary Pentis of the Ventura County Sheriff 's Department said it appeared the suspect targeted the victims . "  My personal opinion ? This was not a random act , " Pentis said at a news conference Monday . Until the couple 's slaying , the gated community of luxury homes had not recorded a homicide in 15 years , police said . According to investigators , the Husteds were home with their two young children on the night of the slaying . Their daughter was asleep in bed , and their son was watching "  American Idol " in the living room . About 10:30 p.m. , the suspect entered the home through French doors that face the ocean , police said . The killer was dressed in dark clothing and wore a motorcycle helmet , authorities said . He walked past the child who was watching television and stabbed the Husteds . Davina Husted was four months pregnant . The home was not ransacked , and the alleged murder weapon was left at the scene , Bonfiglio said . A sample of Packer 's DNA taken after an arrest in Santa Barbara matched the genetic material found at the Husted crime scene , said Pentis the sheriff 's department chief . He added that items from the victims ' house were found at the suspect 's home . Scott Husted , the brother of Brock Husted , thanked the sheriff 's department for solving the killings . "  This is a milestone , a very huge milestone in this process , " he said . "  We 're very grateful for the work the Ventura County sheriff 's department has put in this case . " "  This in no way takes away the loss our family has had . Brock was our baby brother . " Packer is being held on $ 2.2 million bail at the Ventura County Main Jail .	20-year-old Joshua Packer arrested in stabbing deaths Man , pregnant wife stabbed to death in California home in May Couple 's two young children were left unharmed ; home not ransacked
CNN  -- In a quiet ceremony Friday at Arlington National Cemetery , a Marine killed three years ago in Iraq was reburied to be next to his close friend , a Navy SEAL who was recently killed in Afghanistan and who will be laid to rest alongside the Marine on Monday . The two casualties , Lt. Travis Manion and Lt. Brendan Looney , met a decade ago while attending the United States Naval Academy . They became close friends and lived together from sophomore year until their graduation in 2004 , Travis ' sister , Ryan Manion-Borek , told CNN . Their friendship was cut short in April 2007 , when Manion was killed in Iraq during an ambush on the final patrol of his second tour of duty , according to the Department of Defense . He was 27 . According to the Defense Department 's website , Manion 's actions "  ultimately saved the lives of every member of his patrol , " and he was posthumously awarded the Silver Star and the Bronze Star with Valor . The Iraqis named their new headquarters "  Combat Outpost Manion . " Though Manion-Borek told CNN that her brother had "  hoped to be buried in Arlington if anything happened to him , " his family -- grief-stricken by the sudden loss -- chose to lay him to rest at a cemetery near his Pennsylvania home . When Looney heard the news of his friend 's death , he was in Navy SEAL training and unable to leave . The situation almost drove him to quit the program . However , Manion-Borek said that after a phone call with Manion 's mother Looney chose to stay , telling her he was , "  finishing this for Travis . " Looney went on to finish first in his SEAL class , a position known as "  Honor Man . " Following Manion 's death , his family founded the Travis Manion Foundation , which helps soldiers who are returning home after deployments and veterans . In the foundation 's first appearance at the Marine Corps Marathon as "  Team Travis , " Looney was a teary-eyed guest speaker . Even through training and deployment , Looney continued to stay close to the Manion family and the foundation . But last week the Looney family got word that Brendan had died on September 21 in a black hawk helicopter crash in Afghanistan . He was 29 . "  Brendan had told his brother that he would want to be buried next to Travis , " Manion-Borek said . When Looney 's wife Amy first heard the news , "  the first thing that came out of her mouth was , ` well then he has to be buried next to Travis , ' " Manion-Borek said . The Manion family immediately set to work with Arlington National Cemetery to try to transfer Travis ' body . His body was exhumed and transported to Arlington , where it was laid to rest Friday during a ceremony attended by both families . Looney 's body will join him on Monday . Describing the Looney family 's presence at Friday 's burial ceremony , Manion-Borek said that "  every single one of them came up to me and said thank you . " "  If anything can bring them comfort at this time , it 's knowing that Brendan and Travis can be next to each other , " she said . Manion 's sister said that the Looney family will be attending the Marine Corps Marathon this year , like usual . This year , however , "  Team Travis " will be dedicated to Lt. Looney .	The body of a Marine killed 3 years ago in Iraq was exhumed to be buried next to a close friend The friend , a Navy SEAL , was killed last month in Afghanistan The Marine was reburied at Arlington National Cemetery on Friday The Navy SEAL will be buried next to him on Monday
CNN  -- Somalia said a senior al Qaeda operative tied to several attacks in East Africa was killed Monday in a U.S. strike in southern Somalia . Saleh ali Saleh Nabhan , pictured on the FBI 's Web site , reportedly was tied to al Qaeda 's East Africa operations . Intelligence sources have confirmed to the Somali government that Saleh ali Saleh Nabhan was killed , Information Minister Dahir Mohamud Gelle said Tuesday . "  We welcome that attack because those people targeted were murderers , and they are unwanted and unwelcome in Somalia , " Gelle said . Nabhan 's death will have "  a major impact " on al Qaeda 's operations in the Horn of Africa , according to one regional analyst . U.S. special operations forces used a helicopter to fire on a car Monday in southern Somalia , killing several people , including one they believed was Nabhan , U.S. officials told CNN earlier . Nabhan , 30 , was born in Kenya and had been tied to attacks that included the 1998 bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , according to the sources . More than 200 were killed , and 4,000 wounded in those attacks , most of them Kenyans . The United States targeted Nabhan in an airstrike in southern Somalia near the Kenyan border in March 2008 , U.S. officials said at the time . In February 2006 , the FBI announced that Nabhan was wanted for questioning in connection with the 2002 suicide bombing of an Israeli-owned hotel and the unsuccessful attack on an Israeli charter jet in Mombasa , Kenya . Ten Kenyans and three Israelis -- including two children -- were killed when three suicide bombers detonated a car bomb outside Mombasa 's Paradise Hotel in November 2002 . The bombing took place within minutes of an unsuccessful missile attack on an Israeli charter jet , which was taking off with 261 passengers and 10 crew members . President Obama signed off on Monday 's operation , a senior U.S. official said . The United States had been monitoring the situation for days and had intelligence that Nabhan was in the area , the U.S. officials said . The officials who talked to CNN are familiar with the latest information on Monday 's strike but did not want to be identified because they were not authorized to talk to the media . The U.S. helicopter flew from a U.S. Navy warship offshore , while the ship kept watch on the operation , one of the sources said . The warship was ready to rescue the American troops if they got into trouble . Farmers in the southeastern town of Barawe , Somalia , said they witnessed the assault . They said helicopters attacked a car and its occupants and that at least two people died . The witnesses said some helicopters landed and that some of the injured or dead were pulled into at least one helicopter . A U.S. official said the troops landed to take away the body believed to be that of Nabhan for positive identification . Nabhan is believed to be an associate of al Qaeda member Harun Fazul , who was indicted in the 1998 bombings of the U.S. embassies . The U.S. military has long sought Nabhan because he is believed to be deeply involved in al Qaeda 's East African operations , a senior U.S. official said last year . "  He was certainly one of the leading al Qaeda figures in East Africa , " said Rashid Abdi , a Somalia analyst for the International Crisis Group , an independent advisory and analysis organization . Nabhan "  has been living in the shadows " in Somalia and not much is known about his recent activity , Abdi said . "  The fact that he is now out of the picture will have a bigger impact on al Qaeda than on Al-Shabaab , " he said , referring to the Islamist militia in Somalia that has ties to al Qaeda . "  He is a man with an important organizational memory , and if a key figure like him is killed , it always has a major impact . " Al-Shabaab is waging a bloody battle against Somalia 's transitional government and is on the U.S. list of terrorist organizations because of its al Qaeda ties . There are growing concerns that Somalia could be the next base for al Qaeda as U.S. forces pound their positions in Afghanistan and Pakistan . CIA Director Leon Panetta recently said the intelligence agency is keeping tabs on the region as a possible destination for fleeing al Qaeda operatives . Journalist Mohammed Amiin Adow and CNN 's David McKenzie , Barbara Starr and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Analyst calls operative "  one of the leading al Qaeda figures in East Africa " Al Qaeda operative Saleh ali Saleh Nabhan killed , Somali official says U.S. special operations forces fired on car from chopper in Somalia , U.S. officials say Officials : Man tied to 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  When you look at the gleaming buildings of Colombo and the fast-paced development that has taken place in recent years , it is perhaps easy to forget that until five years ago , Sri Lanka was embroiled in a bitter civil war . Tens of thousands were killed , and hundreds of thousands displaced , in a three-decade conflict between the state and separatist insurgents in the north , known as the Tamil Tigers . Peace is therefore a relatively new concept here , and something Sri Lankans do n't take for granted . ` Truth and reconciliation ' It 's also the primary message from Pope Francis as he arrived in the island nation . On Tuesday , his first day of a three-day tour of the country , he told an audience that Sri Lanka can not fully heal without "  fostering reconciliation . " He said the "  pursuit of truth " was important , "  not for the sake of opening old wounds , but rather as a necessary means of promoting justice , healing and unity . " While steps towards reconciliation have been taken since the war ended in 2009 , mainly in terms of economic and infrastructure development , real reconciliation on an emotional and spiritual level has yet to happen . "  We had a military victory , five years ago but whether after that there is a victory of the hearts is a question we need to ask ourselves , " the Archbishop of Sri Lanka , Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith told CNN . War-stricken past Sri Lanka has had a dark history , Cardinal Ranjith said , but now it is time for the country to put that behind and construct a new Sri Lanka , with a new identity where each minority group is respected and accepted . The island nation needs , he said , to "  send a message to the world that Sri Lanka is a nation of peacemakers . " The timing could n't be more fortuitous . Pope Francis arrives just days after a new government was sworn in after a massive electoral upset . The new government under new President Maitripala Sirasena has promised to make reconciliation a priority . He won the snap elections largely because of the support from minority groups -- including Hindu Tamils -- so reaching a consensus is expected to be easier . Sirasena was a long time ally of outgoing president Mahinda Rajapaksa during the war but defected soon after snap elections were called in November . Multifaith greeting In a show of ethnic coexistence , the pope 's welcoming ceremony featured traditional dancers from both the majority Sinhalese and minority Tamil groups . At an inter-religious meeting on Tuesday , perhaps the most important part of Pope Francis ' first day in Sri Lanka , the session began with Buddhist chants , Hindu and Muslim blessings and then a message from Pope Francis on religious and ethnic harmony . He will also be traveling to Madhu , a town in the north of Sri Lanka , the former heart of the war zone , where he will meet with a number of families both Tamil and Sinhalese who suffered the consequences of the conflict . Sri Lankans are proud of their pan-religious , multi-ethnic heritage . More than 70 % of the 21 million-strong population is Buddhist , 6-7 % Christian and the remainder Hindu and Muslim , but religious tensions in recent years have given some cause for concern . Outbreaks of religious violence Churches have been burned down and Muslims have been attacked -- the most violent case of which occurred in 2014 , when at least three people were killed in a Buddhist-Muslim riot . Monk Galagad Atte Gnanasara 's hardline Buddhist group , the Bodu Bala Sena is often blamed for the attacks . Gnanasara told CNN they condemn violence but argued that when Christian evangelicals try to "  disrupt Sri Lanka 's culture and society by proselytizing and breaking Buddha statues a rage develops deep inside , " his group will react . Unity urged While violent incidents between people of different religious groups like these attract headlines , leaders of a most religious groups in Sri Lanka say they are isolated and politically motivated . "  There are extremists , they are not the majority , " Cardinal Ranjith says . "  So we can not say there are religious persecutions in an organized fashion . " Sri Lanka has a porous culture where people from various faiths have intermingled and taken aspects from other religions . "  I am a Catholic , but I am very sure Buddhism , which is followed by the majority in the country , has influenced my thinking , " he said . It is this co-existence of faiths Cardinal Ranjith wants Pope Francis to witness for himself in Sri Lanka , and thinks it 's the best way forward for Christianity in Asia .	Pope Francis visits Sri Lanka for a three-day tour , preaches reconciliation for war-divided nation Faith leaders aim to show him how intermingled religious groups can learn from each other Incidents of religious violence downplayed , harmony is highlighted
CareerBuilder.com  -- "  When the cat 's away , the mice will play , " is a term most people can relate to . When the manager is gone -- be it on vacation or just away from her desk -- some employees act like a teenager whose parents are out of town . They sneak out early or come in late . They chitchat with co-workers more frequently , usually about nonwork-related things . They make personal phone calls , take extra-long lunches -- heck , maybe they 'll even enjoy a cocktail with their meal . Many employees do it -- but why ? "  The answer is simple : It 's a direct reflection of the boss 's leadership . When a workplace is n't compelling to people -- where employees lack the desire and ability to be accountable for their own success -- misbehaving or slacking in the boss 's absence is merely a mask for boredom . It 's also important feedback for the boss : "  Raise your game , " says Linda Galindo , a consultant specializing in individual and leadership accountability and the author of "  The 85 % Solution : How Personal Accountability Guarantees Success . " We asked employees what they do when the boss is n't looking . They had some very entertaining stories : "  At the time I was an assistant manager at Publix Supermarkets of Florida . Not content with the absolute misery of the hourly employees I was responsible for , I tried to inspire and entertain them . It worked ; those under me had the highest productivity rate , got the best raises , were promoted faster and would do just about anything in the world for me because they knew I would do anything in my power for them . While this usually meant me working alongside them or personally training them for continuous quality improvements , it occasionally took on a slightly wilder side . Riding a motorcycle through the store aisles after closing , bowling for two-liter soda bottles with frozen turkeys , baseball in the stockroom , laser tag on the roof , contests to see who could catch the most shoplifters , hide and seek , a chess tournament , foot races , pizza parties , karate training , book club and a few hundred practical jokes . " -- J.Olson "  I 've been building my life-coaching business for over a year while I 've held down an executive assistant job from 9-6 , Monday through Friday . The boss works across the street from the office that I 'm at , and I spend the majority of my day  at least four hours , maybe more  building my coaching business -- posting to my blog , tweeting , communicating with clients , writing newsletters , even doing sessions during my lunch -- break -- you name it ! . Thankfully it 's paid -- off -- I 'm giving notice in about a month to coach full-time . " -- M.W. "  When I worked at this pizza shop , myself and two fellow employees would try to make each other laugh by making faces behind the boss . For example , I would be running the oven and the boss would be right next to me , so if I laughed I was screwed . So my friend X would be at the cook line , about 2 feet behind my boss so I can see him and the boss could n't . And the facial expressions and motions he would make were hilarious . I must say I never -LSB- saw -RSB- him get caught . " -- M.W. " -LSB- My -RSB- story has more to do with a colleague who always has some very important thing to do at home/with the baby/his elderly mother-in-law , or has a sudden urgent need to deliver something to one of our member organizations that takes him out of the office for long stretches of time when the executive director is away . Recently , when the boss went on an extended holiday around Christmas/New Years , I and another colleague kept a spreadsheet of this slacker 's arrivals , lunch breaks and departures , and then averaged out the numbers . All told , he was in the office an average of 5.5 hours a day while the boss was away . And , given all the adorable postings I see on Facebook from him every night , I imagine there 's at least another hour in there taken up in Facebook upkeep and Web browsing . " -- D.C. "  To be honest , before I became a boss and I worked for someone else , I did some of everything when the boss was a way . From surfing the Internet to making personal calls and paying bills -LSB- to -RSB- taking an extra hour at lunch -LSB- to -RSB- going home early to sleep . I 've even made out with a woman or two at the office . " -- J.D. "  I know what one of my employees was doing when I was out of the office or at meetings . She was on Facebook ! A few vendors told me about it privately , so I set out to bust her in the act . I invited her to become my Facebook friend , and she took the bait . Then , I wrote her up and attached the summary of the days and times she was commenting on her Facebook page , which was during business hours , while I was away . I do n't particularly like writing up employees , but I loved this write up with the Facebook evidence attached ! " -- K.P.W "  When our bosses are n't looking or even better when they walk away and leave their computers unlocked , someone sneaks in and sends a short e-mail to someone else in the office . These e-mails range from the quirky to the flirtatious to the potentially insulting , but they are always good for a laugh . At least as long as the boss still is n't looking . " -- T.D. "  I work in a small doctor 's office with only one doctor . My office manager is very cool and participates in our slacking . When the doc or his wife are not around and we do n't have any patients ... we make fun of the doc and his wife . When we make fun of our bosses , we really make fun of them and create scenarios that we act out , we raise our voices to impersonate them , and when we laugh , we laugh really loud . We also order food during lunch and eat it in the waiting room where we have a TV , computers and Internet  something that is not allowed during work hours  . We snoop on the doc 's computer . We always catch him on the Internet so we like to see what he does on the computer all the time . Needless to say , we found porn in his favorites ! Also , his wife forgets to sign out of her e-mail  do n't ask me why  but everyone uses the computers so we saw in her e-mail a message that read ` Thank you for signing up to lesbian porn . ' " -- Vanessa "  For the past two years I 've been self-employed , but before I started my company I always enjoyed reading news articles on the Internet during the day . My project managers often frowned upon us surfing the Internet during the day , but I found a creative way around this . At the beginning of the day I 'd find interesting articles online and copy and paste the text into a word document . The word document had the company logo in the header , so if somebody walked by my cube it would appear that I was reading an official work-related document rather than the top sports news of the day . " -- S.M. "  I have a co-worker who is two completely different people when our boss is out of the office . When she is in , he makes sure to get to work before her and leave after her , even though he is just messing around on Skype and YouTube all day long . She took a one-week vacation in August , and he worked 9-5 every day  our hours are 8:00 to 6:30  . Then , he put the icing on the cake in the week after Christmas . Most of our team was out of town , including our boss . Apparently he thought he was going to be the only one in the office , and did n't even come in to work . He 'd occasionally send out an email to make it seem like he was there . Finally , on the Wednesday after Christmas , he strolled in around 11:00 am . When he saw another team member was here , he turned beet red , and stammered how he thought she was out for the week . No one has said anything to our boss yet , but we are dying to . " -- J.J. "  I placed an online order to American Apparel to restock my underwear supply . Instead of shipping them to my house , I had them shipped to the office -- more reliable . When the package arrived , I could n't wait to see what the panties looked like ON . Literally , I could n't wait . I did n't even take time to close my office door . I pulled out the first pair  light blue thong  , lifted up my skirt , and pulled the panties over my leggings . They were cute ! Unfortunately , just at that moment my boss arrived at my door -- a 60-year-old man face to face with a 28-year-old female employee . It was n't good . Next time I 'll wait until he 's out of the office to try on my undies . " -- K.H. & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Some people like to play at work when the boss is not looking One female worker was caught trying on new underwear she 'd had delivered to office At the market , workers bowled for bottles with frozen turkeys , played laser tag on roof Updating the Facebook page , writing own newsletters , seeing private clients
CNN  -- Sir Elton John is a father . The boy was born on Christmas Day . And he shall be Levon . Or , more accurately , Zachary Jackson Levon Furnish-John , the singer 's publicist said late Monday . "  We are overwhelmed with happiness and joy at this very special moment , " John and his long-time partner , David Furnish , said in a statement . "  Zachary is healthy and doing really well , and we are very proud and happy parents . " John and Furnish formalized their relationship in a much-publicized civil partnership ceremony in 2005 after 12 years together . The ceremony was held at the Windsor Guildhall -- the same venue where Britain 's Prince of Wales and Camilla Parker Bowles married . John has a residence in Windsor , outside of London . The baby was born in California via a surrogate , according to Fran Curtis , a representative for the couple . Curtis said she would not discuss the details of the surrogacy arrangements . Like his namesake in John 's early 1970s hit "  Levon , " the baby boy was born on Christmas Day and weighed 7 pounds , 15 ounces , Curtis said . In addition to "  Levon , " where the couple apparently snatched one of the baby 's middle names , other classic John songs are likely to take on new meaning , such as "  I Guess That 's Why they Call It The  Baby  Blues " and "  I 'm Still Standing " for the toddler years . CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Zachary Jackson Levon Furnish-John was born on Christmas Day "  Levon " was a hit song for John in the early 1970s A surrogate had the baby
New York  CNN  -- A New York police officer , in an apparent accident , shot and killed a grocery store clerk early Friday as the man fled a robbery , authorities said . The case in the Bronx marked another deadly shooting involving police in recent weeks . Other high-profile incidents occurred around Midtown landmarks in broad daylight . in Friday 's incident , police said three suspects entered the corner bodega around 2 a.m. and ordered Reynaldo Cuevas , 20 , to lie on the floor as they took cash , lottery tickets , and cigarettes . One suspect pistol-whipped the night manager , who was there with Cuevas , before retreating to the back of the store after a look-out warned that officers had arrived , police said . Apparently sensing an opportunity to escape , Cuevas sprinted from the scene and collided at full speed with one of the responding officers , Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said at a news conference . "  The two became entangled , at which point we believe the officer accidentally discharged his weapon , " Kelly said . Cuevas , who was unarmed and was the nephew of the store 's owner , was pronounced dead at St. Barnabas Hospital from a gunshot wound to his left shoulder , police said . The officer was not identified . The robbery was captured by surveillance cameras and shown at the news conference . New York police were involved in two high profile shootings last month . Nine pedestrians suffered bullet or fragment wounds when police shot and killed an armed man outside the Empire State Building on August 24 . Jeffrey Johnson had just shot and killed a former coworker , police said . Police also fatally shot Darrius Kennedy , who they said was brandishing a knife near Times Square on August 11 . Police said they ordered Kennedy to drop the weapon and sprayed pepper spray multiple times before using lethal force . CNN 's Khara Lewin contributed to this report	Man fleeing thieves collides with officer responding to scene Police commissioner said the two men ` became entangled ' and officer 's gun went off Shooting believed to be an accident New York police involved in two high profile shootings last month
CNN  -- They had only played one competitive match of the new season but already the knives were out at Arsenal . Despite boasting of the financial muscle at their disposal they had failed to sign one player or spend a single pound before the new English Premier League campaign kicked off . And when they were beaten at home on Saturday by Aston Villa -- who narrowly avoided relegation last season -- a predictably poisonous atmosphere resulted . Fans vented their fury not only at their under-performing stars but also manager Arsene Wenger , and especially the board , for the lack of new faces . But Wenger 's beleaguered squad lifted the storm clouds , for now at least , with a decisive 3-0 victory over Fenerbahce in the first leg of a critical European Champions League playoff Wednesday . Entry to the lucrative competition was seen as vital if they are to attract some big-name signings before the transfer window shuts on September 2 . And Arsenal made light work of their assignment in the Turkish city of Istanbul , as goals from Kieran Gibbs , Aaron Ramsey and Olivier Giroud all but sealed their progress . In truth , Arsenal were far superior to Fenerbahce , who could have be expelled from the competition even if they were to progress in the tie . The Turks are awaiting the outcome of an appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport challenging a ban from European competition handed down to them by UEFA on match-fixing charges . But after Gibbs turned home a cross from England international Theo Walcott on 51 minutes Fenerbahce 's threat was limited . Ramsey doubled the Gunners ' lead with a powerful strike from outside the area and Olivier Giroud converted a late penalty after Walcott was adjudged to have been brought down in the area . After the game Wenger told Sky Sports : "  We could have be a little bit shaky after what happened on Saturday so it was important to start on the right foot . " As for the possibility of making some signings before the transfer window shuts he added : "  A lot will happen in the last ten days . " Elsewhere , Greek side PAOK Salonika , who were reinstated to the competition after Ukrainians Metalist Kharkiv were thrown out on match-fixing charges , drew 1-1 with Schalke in Germany . Jakub Kosecki 's equalizer helped Polish side Legia Warsaw to a 1-1 draw with Steaua Bucuresti in Romania while Austria Vienna won 2-0 away at Dinamo Zagreb in Croatia . Two goals from Mohamed Salah helped Swiss club FC Basel to a 4-2 victory over Ludogorets Razgrad in Bulgaria . In the English Premier League , Jose Mourinho made it two wins from two games as Chelsea beat Aston Villa in a controversial clash at Stamford Bridge . The home side took the lead when Eden Hazard 's shot cannoned off Villa 's American goalkeeper Brad Guzan and into Antonio Luna , propelling the ball over the line . But Villa equalized when Belgian international Christian Benteke grabbed his third goal of the season , finishing a smart move at the near post . Branislav Ivanovic was perhaps fortunate not be sent off when he appeared to elbow Benteke and he proved to be the match winner , heading Frank Lampard 's free kick home with 17 minutes left . After the game Mourinho told reporters : "  That was very hard , I 've missed that about the Premier League . This is what I like . Villa probably deserved a point . "	Arsenal beat Fenerbahce 3-0 in their Champions League playoff tie first leg Goals from Kieran Gibbs , Aaron Ramsey and Olivier Giroud seal win in Turkey Respite for Arsene Wenger after defeat in first English Premier League game Chelsea beat Aston Villa 2-1 as Jose Mourinho makes it two wins from two
BATON ROUGE , Louisiana  CNN  -- The governor of hurricane-battered Louisiana said Wednesday that the prospect of some areas of the state being without electricity for weeks , as power company officials have warned , is unacceptable . Mayor Kip Holden , from left , President Bush and Gov. Bobby Jindal visit a Baton Rouge operations center . "  There is no excuse for delay . We absolutely need to quicken the pace at which power is being restored , " Gov. Bobby Jindal said . Both he and President Bush , who visited the state Wednesday to see areas damaged by Hurricane Gustav , called restoring power the state 's priority . "  They 've got to get electricity up here in Louisiana , " Bush said . "  There 's a lot of folks from this state that are working hard to restring the lines . I would ask that if utilities in neighboring states have extra manpower , please coordinate with the state and send the folks in . " Watch Bush discuss Gustav response " The reluctance of Gustav , now a tropical depression , to leave the area was adding an unwelcome facet to the recovery effort . Jindal noted that several cities continued to receive heavy rain Wednesday , such as Monroe , where 9.2 inches had fallen since Tuesday night . "  Tropical Storm Gustav , Hurricane Gustav , whatever you want to call it , continues to cause great , great , damage in our state , " he said . Nearly 1.2 million households and businesses were without power as of late Tuesday , Jindal said , and the lack of electricity "  continues to be the most critical obstacle to the quick recovery of our state . " Watch how Gustav downed power lines " The lack of power hindered access to gasoline , the governor said , noting that some gas stations had fuel but no power with which to pump it . As a result , people waited in long lines at many of the functioning gas stations . On its Web site , the state had posted a list of working gas stations . Watch Jindal say no excuses for aid delays " Jindal reported four storm-related deaths : two people were killed Tuesday night by tornadoes and two others by carbon monoxide poisoning . He did not identify those killed . There have been few reports of looting or crime in the state in Gustav 's wake , Jindal said . Two or three people attempted to loot a supply truck in Ville Platte overnight and fired upon National Guardsmen , he said . The National Guard returned fire , and the people fled . No one was injured . Many people began returning to Louisiana on Tuesday , including to New Orleans , where Mayor Ray Nagin said people who "  jumped the gun " by trying to return to the city ahead of the lifting of the evacuation order -- set for midnight -- would be allowed in . Nagin had originally said residents could return home Thursday . "  No one will be turned back if you have an identification that you live in the metropolitan area , " Nagin told CNN affiliate WWL . "  Now , if you 're a visitor and you 're coming in ... we 're turning them around . " He joked that Tampa Bay Buccaneers fans arriving Wednesday ahead of the team 's game against the New Orleans Saints would be especially unwelcome . Watch residents return home " "  We do n't need them in our stadium anyway , " he quipped before saying visitors could enter the city Thursday . The mayor advised returning residents to "  keep a level head . " "  Some people are going to come to their homes , they 're going to find trees in the middle of their kitchens , " Nagin said . "  The key right now is for everyone to stay calm , deal with the issues as they 're presented . " The mayor said Wednesday that a dusk-to-dawn curfew would be relaxed about midnight Thursday to allow people back into the city . The official mandatory evacuation order for the general population will remain in effect until then , said the mayor 's spokesman , James Ross . Nagin had planned for a phased return to the city , allowing operators of essential businesses and some residents back Wednesday . Safety and utility personnel began returning Tuesday . Watch Gustav 's aftermath " Bush said he had authorized the release of some oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to aid in the region 's clean-up efforts . The president has declared 34 of Louisiana 's 64 parishes federal disaster areas , making residents there eligible for federal aid . Gustav -- which has been downgraded to a tropical depression , meaning its winds are less than 39 mph  63 kph  -- was still causing trouble in the Gulf region and northward . iReport.com : Did Gustav affect you ? The storm had 20-mph winds as it moved to the northwest at 3 mph . Its center was about 20 miles  32 kilometers  south of Texarkana , on the Texas-Arkansas border at the northeast corner of Texas . Early Wednesday , flood watches and warnings remained in effect for parts of Louisiana , Mississippi , Texas , Arkansas , Oklahoma and Missouri . Watch Louisianans get back to business " As of 4 a.m. CT , some parts of Louisiana and Mississippi had already received more than 6 inches of rain . Among them : Monroe , Louisiana  9.3 inches  ; Alexandria , Louisiana  8.1 inches  ; McComb , Mississippi  7.3 inches  ; and Hattiesburg , Mississippi  6.4 inches  . Other areas receiving heavy rainfall were Mount Ida , Arkansas  4.7 inches  ; Pensacola , Florida  3.6 inches  ; and Baton Rouge , Louisiana  4.6 inches  , according to the National Weather Service . Watch who Gustav hit hardest " Gustav came ashore Monday near Cocodrie , Louisiana -- about 80 miles southwest of New Orleans -- and moved along the coast to the northwest , avoiding a direct hit on the city . Houma , Morgan City and other coastal cities took the brunt of the storm .	NEW : Lack of electricity will slow recovery efforts , governor says NEW : Bush calls on other states to send repair help New Orleans mayor : If you have ID saying you live in the city , you can return City 's dusk-till-dawn curfew will be relaxed midnight Thursday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney on Sunday defended the Bush administration 's economic record , the invasion of Iraq and the treatment of suspected terrorists , warning that reversing its anti-terrorism policies endangers Americans . "  We 've accomplished nearly everything we set out to do , " ex-Vice President Dick Cheney says Sunday about Iraq . In a wide-ranging interview with CNN 's "  State of the Union , " Cheney said the harsh interrogations of suspects and the use of warrantless electronic surveillance were "  absolutely essential " to get information to prevent more attacks like the 2001 suicide hijackings that targeted New York and Washington . "  President Obama campaigned against it all across the country , and now he is making some choices that , in my mind , will , in fact , raise the risk to the American people of another attack , " he said . Critics said the Bush administration 's "  alternative " interrogation techniques amounted to the torture of prisoners in American custody , while the administration 's warrantless surveillance program violated federal laws enacted after the Watergate scandal . Since taking office in January , Obama has announced plans to close the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , to halt the military trials of suspected terrorists there , and to make CIA officers follow the Army field manual 's rules on interrogations . Cheney said the administration appears to be returning to the pre-2001 model of treating terrorism as a law enforcement issue , rather than a military problem . "  When you go back to the law enforcement mode , which I sense is what they 're doing , closing Guantanamo and so forth ... they are very much giving up that center of attention and focus that 's required , that concept of military threat that is essential if you 're going to successfully defend the nation against further attacks , " he said . But Rep. Joe Sestak , D-Pennsylvania , said the Bush administration 's policies undercut "  what is actually the source of America 's greatness -- our principles . " "  How can we say that keeping a man in a black hole forever -- perpetually in a black hole -- and saying , ` Let 's torture when we decide to , ' is what America stands for ? " asked Sestak , a former admiral who led the Navy 's anti-terrorism efforts . The Bush administration took office at the end of an economic boom and left in the middle of a deep recession , with a budget surplus in 2001 becoming a $ 1 trillion-plus deficit by 2009 . But Cheney said he and Bush had to spend money to deal with the September 11 , 2001 attacks , the resulting war in Afghanistan , the disaster of 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , and the costly and unpopular war in Iraq , now nearly six years old . "  All of these things required us to spend money that we had not originally planned to spend , or were n't originally part of the budget , " Cheney said . "  Stuff happens . And the administration has to be able to respond to that , and we did . " Obama has begun to wind down the war in Iraq , which has cost more than 4,200 American lives and nearly $ 700 billion in direct costs . But Cheney said the United States has "  accomplished nearly everything we set out to do " in Iraq , including establishing a democratic government in the Middle East . Cheney was one of the administration 's leading advocates of the 2003 invasion of Iraq , pressing the Bush administration 's argument that Iraq was concealing weapons of mass destruction and could provide those weapons to terrorists . None of those weapons were found after the invasion , but Cheney said , "  We 've eliminated that possibility . " In 2005 , Cheney said the raging insurgency against U.S. troops was in its "  last throes . " Nearly two years later , a commitment of more than 30,000 additional American troops and a widespread effort to pay former insurgents to turn against Islamic militants helped quell the worst of the violence . "  I do n't hear much talk about that , but the fact is , the violence level is down 90 percent , " Cheney said . "  The number of casualties -LSB- among -RSB- Iraqis and Americans is significantly diminished . There 's been elections , a constitution . They 're about to have another presidential election here in the near future . We have succeeded in creating in the heart of the Middle East a democratically governed Iraq , and that is a big deal , and it is , in fact , what we set out to do . " But Sestak said the administration was too slow to react to the problems it faced in Iraq and let the conflict overshadow the "  whole fabric " of U.S. national security . "  The cost of this war is something that I strongly believe has far , far hurt us , " he said . "  We 're going to recover , because we 're Americans . But Iraq was just one piece of our security , and this administration failed to realize that . " Though considered one of the administration 's most influential figures , Cheney said President Bush rebuffed his advice on at least two issues . Watch Cheney tout Bush administration " He said Bush left former Cheney aide Lewis "  Scooter " Libby "  sort of hanging in the wind " by refusing to issue Libby a pardon before leaving office . Libby was convicted of perjury , obstruction of justice , and lying to federal agents investigating the leak of a former CIA officer 's identity . "  I believe firmly that Scooter was unjustly accused and prosecuted and deserved a pardon , and the president disagreed with that , " Cheney said . He would disclose no details of his efforts to lobby the president on Libby 's behalf , saying they would be "  best left to history . " And Cheney said he argued against the administration 's policy on North Korea , which tested a nuclear weapon in 2006 . The Bush administration reached a still-incomplete disarmament deal with the isolated Stalinist state in 2007 and removed it from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism as part of the deal . "  I had my say , " Cheney told CNN . "  I got my chance to voice my views and my objections . I did n't think the North Koreans were going to keep their end of the bargain in terms of what they agreed to , and they did n't . " The Obama administration has nominated Christopher Hill , the State Department official who was the top U.S. negotiator with North Korea , to be the U.S. ambassador to Iraq . Cheney said Hill lacks the Middle East experience that his predecessors have , and "  I did not support the work that Chris Hill did with respect to North Korea . " "  I think it 's a choice that I would n't have made , " he said .	NEW : Cheney : Harsh interrogations , warrantless eavesdropping "  essential " NEW : Former vice president says Bush rebuffed his advice on two big issues "  An administration has to be able to respond to -LSB- crises -RSB- and we did , " Cheney said Cheney cites costs of dealing with 9/11 attacks , wars in Afghanistan and Iraq
CNN  -- The former Agriculture Department employee at the center of a political firestorm said Friday that President Barack Obama did n't literally say he was "  sorry " when they spoke Thursday , but "  by simply calling me , " she believed he was apologizing . Shirley Sherrod -- forced to resign from her job based on incomplete and misleading reports about a speech she gave in March -- also told CNN 's "  American Morning " that the department official who asked for her resignation was only a "  messenger . " And later Friday , she had a "  very emotional " reunion with the white Georgia couple she referenced about in her now-famous speech . As for the White House , Sherrod told CNN that it had had been trying to reach her since Wednesday night . "  My phone was full , could n't take any more messages . Finally , I was on the way to the airport in an attempt to get home when I checked my messages and had received one from the White House saying the president was trying to get in touch with me and give them a call , " she said . "  I did that , and I had the conversation with him , and , you know , I feel good about that . " Asked whether she was able to enlighten him about her work , she said they did n't have time to get into that . "  But toward the end of the conversation , I told him I 'd love to have him come to South Georgia , " she said , adding that she would "  take him around and show him some things . " "  I could definitely bring the point home , " said Sherrod , who lives in Georgia . She said he did n't precisely say he was sorry . "  I really did n't want to hear the president of the United States say ` I 'm sorry ' to Shirley Sherrod , " she said . "  I felt he was saying that in his talk just by simply calling me . I felt it was , in a way , saying ` I 'm sorry ' because he did n't have to do it . " The Sherrod controversy began after conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart posted a portion of the speech in which Sherrod spoke of not offering her full help to a white farmer . The original post indicated that the incident Sherrod mentioned occurred when she worked for the Agriculture Department , and news outlets quickly picked up on the story . However , the incident took place decades before she joined the department , and her speech in its unedited form made the point that people should move beyond race . In addition , the white farmer whom Sherrod mentioned has told reporters that Sherrod helped him save his farm . Nevertheless , Sherrod was swiftly fired after government officials heard only the portion of the speech . When the full version of the speech was heard , she received apologies from the White House , the agriculture secretary and the NAACP , which criticized the edited remarks . On "  American Morning " on Friday , Sherrod was asked about the "  ability " of Obama , American 's first black president , to discuss and deal with racial issues . "  I guess because he 's a black president , for some reason , they felt you ca n't talk about issues that affect just black people , " she said . She said she believes that "  the administration feels too that if they highlight issues of black people ... the country would perceive  it  as something negative . I know they probably have to struggle with that . But I think they 're wrong . I think they could do more to advance unity if they could promote a discussion from that level . " Sherrod was also asked about Cheryl Cook , the Agriculture Department official who phoned Sherrod and asked for her resignation . "  I know Cheryl Cook , and I know , had she been given the opportunity to make a decision her on her own , we would n't be sitting here talking about this . So she was the messenger . I really truly do believe it was not her message , " she said . "  Cheryl is a great person . I definitely want to see her be able to continue the work she was doing at USDA . So I would hope that this attention on her would not cause them to do the same thing they did to me : boot her out . " Sherrod has received an apology for her firing from Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack . Although she has n't received an apology from Breitbart , Sherrod said she is not sure she 's ready for that kind of a chat just yet . "  He would really need to come and sit down with me and look me in the eye so that we could see if we could find a place -- I 'm not saying I would n't forgive him , but we would need to see if we could find a place for that to happen . "  I do n't see it at this point . He has n't been willing . He has n't tried to apologize to me for anything he 's caused me to go through , " she said . Breitbart 's website included corrections Wednesday on two blog entries that included the video footage from Sherrod 's speech . "  Correction : While Ms. Sherrod made the remarks captured in the first video featured in this post while she held a federally appointed position , the story she tells refers to actions she took before she held that federal position , " said a notice added to one of the postings on Breitbart 's biggovernment.com site . A shorter version appeared on another posting of the Sherrod video footage . The corrections did not mention the edited nature of the video he posted Monday or the full context . Breitbart told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper : 360 " on Thursday that he saw no reason to apologize : "  What would warrant an apology ? ... I 'm not the one who threw her under the bus . " Sherrod had said that she was offered some type of civil rights position in the department 's Office of Outreach and that she was expecting to receive something official in an e-mail from the department . On Friday , she did not address that issue or say she would accept the position . The edited Sherrod video initially brought condemnation from the NAACP , which later retracted its statement and apologized to Sherrod after the context became clear . Also , the farmer and his wife Sherrod was discussing , Roger and Eloise Spooner , came forward Tuesday , saying that they credited Sherrod with helping them save their farm and that she did not discriminate against them . On Friday , Sherrod and the Spooners held a reunion at a restaurant in the Colquitt , Georgia , area . A CNN Special Investigations Unit witnessed the get-together . CNN 's Don Lemon , who saw the reunion , said it was "  very emotional . " "  The interesting thing is watching them look at each other in the eye and talk to each other . There were no tears but only big smiles . It seemed very authentic , " he said . Lemon asked the couple whether they 'd ever have to help save her as she saved them . "  Never in a million years , " Roger Spooner said . The NAACP , which initially called Sherrod 's statements "  shameful , " said in a statement Tuesday that it was "  snookered by Fox News " and Breitbart . Breitbart 's post was picked up by the Fox News website . On Monday , Fox News hosts Bill O'Reilly and Sean Hannity played the edited clip on their programs . O'Reilly , who had called for Sherrod 's immediate resignation , apologized for his statements Wednesday . Also Wednesday , Fox News anchor Shepard Smith sharply criticized Breitbart 's website as well as his network 's own coverage of the story .	NEW : Sherrod , white family at center of drama are reunited in Georgia Sherrod says President Obama did n't say "  sorry , " but she feels "  good " about the phone call She says the official who asked for her resignation was simply a "  messenger " Sherrod says she asked Obama to come to South Georgia
CNN  -- The man extradited to Florida for writing , publishing and selling a controversial book considered a "  how-to " for pedophiles pleaded no contest to criminal charges in exchange for two years ' probation , authorities said Thursday . Phillip Greaves was arrested in his home state of Colorado in December and extradited to Polk County , Florida . Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said at the time his detectives were able to establish jurisdiction in the case by conducting an undercover operation , buying a copy of the book "  The Pedophile 's Guide to Love and Pleasure : A Child-Lover 's Code of Conduct , " through the mail . Greaves even autographed it . Police paid $ 50 for the book , which they received on December 8 . Greaves and his book gained national attention last year after Amazon.com defended selling the book on its website despite angry comments and threats of boycotts from thousands of people . The book was removed from the website in early November . Officials said the book talks about safe sex and avoiding injury to children , grooming and preparing children for sex and teaching children how to lie to their parents . Judd said last year Greaves ' book outlines a "  code of ethics " that shows pedophiles how to look for the most vulnerable children . Greaves told reporters after his arrest the book could be used as a guide to rehabilitating pedophiles and instead of teaching them how to avoid arrest , teaches them to avoid illegal actions . Asked if he is a pedophile , Greaves said , "  I only have sex with grown-ups . " He said he has no children and "  I do n't keep children around my house . " On Thursday , as he was leaving jail , Greaves told CNN affiliate WESH he still supports the sale of the book . "  I do n't think I did anything wrong , " he said . "  It backfired on me . " According to the pre-arranged plea deal announced in court Wednesday , Greaves agreed to plead no contest as charged and will serve two years ' probation . While the plea does not require Greaves to register as a sex offender , he is required to continue mental health counseling , said Chip Thullbery , spokesman for the prosecutor 's office . "  We believe this agreement accomplishes our objectives : to see he does not do it again and give a warning to others who may want to create such materials , " Thullbery said . "  If he publishes this book again or sells it further , he would be subject to re-arrest . " If that occurs , Greaves could be sentenced to the maximum for the charge : five years in prison . However , while the probationary terms apply to Florida , Thullbery did not know what action , if any , Florida prosecutors could take if Greaves sells the controversial book in another state where it could be considered legal . "  We 'll have to address that issue at that time , " Thullbery said . Greaves will be allowed to serve the probationary term in Colorado . Judd has previously publicly said his office 's investigation into Greaves and his subsequent arrest was prompted by media reports on the book , including one by CNN 's "  AC360 , " and the public outcry .	Phillip Greaves was arrested in December Florida detectives obtained his book through the mail Under a plea deal , Greaves will serve two years ' probation
CNN  -- Less than a week after releasing its 100 Books to Read in a Lifetime , Amazon is out with a new list : 150 Love Stories for Every Romantic Mood , just in time for Valentine 's Day . Books that made the cut include Margaret Mitchell 's "  Gone with the Wind , " Elizabeth Gilbert 's "  Eat , Pray , Love " and E.L. James ' "  Fifty Shades " trilogy . The list spans 12 categories -- Dangerous Love , Dystopian Love , First Love , Historical Romance , Love Overseas , Love on the Big Screen , Modern Love , Paranormal Love , Sizzling Series , Star-Crossed Love , True Love and Unlikely Love -- with entries sprinkled among the adult and young adult genres . While many categories are filled with fictional romances , the True Love set features memoirs and autobiographies , including "  Just Kids " by Patti Smith , "  Love & War " by James Carville and Mary Matalin , and "  The Pioneer Woman " by Ree Drummond  known for her Food Network show of the same name  . The CNN Living team noted that several modern classics we love were omitted from the Amazon list , including "  Love in the Time of Cholera " by Gabriel Garca M  rquez , "  Love Is a Mix Tape " by Rob Sheffield , "  All the Living " by C.E. Morgan and "  How Stella Got Her Groove Back " by Terry McMillan . Team Living collected our 40 favorite titles from the Amazon list in the gallery above . Take a look and see if you agree with our top picks . Sara Nelson , editorial director of print and Kindle books at Amazon.com , said her team wanted to capture the essence of the Valentine 's Day season in a bigger way this year by expanding last year 's 50 Great American Love Stories , which highlighted love stories set in each U.S. state . "  We sat in front of the computer and the shelves of books in Seattle , and we took out everything we thought would count as a love story , " Nelson said . "  I think the big surprise , though , is how many kinds of love there are . When we came up with the categories , it was n't hard to fill them . " Though some were surprised that Shakespeare did n't make the 100 Books to Read in a Lifetime list , "  Romeo and Juliet " made the cut this time in the Star-Crossed Lovers category . Other well-known picks were "  The Perks of Being a Wallflower " by Stephen Chbosky and "  The Time Traveler 's Wife " by Audrey Niffenegger . The set also includes compilations of letters between former President and first lady John and Abigail Adams and between Georgia O'Keeffe and Alfred Stieglitz . "  There 's always a little bit of serendipity in these things , because you could do this list with 300 books , 500 books , " Nelson said . "  We have a list , we refine it , we add , then we refine . What you come up with in the end is a mish-mash , but I think that 's what 's interesting . " All the books on the list can be viewed at Amazon.com , and CNN Living 's top 40 favorites are included in the gallery above . Let us know which ones you agree with and which you think should have been included in the comments section below .	Amazon.com unveiled its list of 150 love stories fit for any romantic occasion The list includes both fiction and nonfiction , adult and young adult romance CNN Living curated the list to our 40 favorite picks , including "  Cold Mountain " and "  Bel Canto " Did your favorite book about love make the list ? Share your opinion in the comments section
CNN  -- A major oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico is expected to cause substantial environmental damage along the Louisiana and Florida coastline . Here CNN 's Jim Boulden explains the circumstances behind the leak and the consequences for oil giant BP as efforts to limit the disaster get underway . What caused the oil spill ? It seems workers on the Transocean Deepwater Horizon drilling rig  not owned by BP  were attempting to cap this new exploratory well when it suffered a "  blow " causing the fire and sinking of the rig and the rupture of the line which brings extracted oil to the shore . Investigators will want to see what caused the explosion . iReport : How is the oil spill affecting you ? What are BP 's offshore operations ? BP took over two big American oil companies in the 1990 's , ARCO and AMOCO which gives BP access to many U.S. oil fields and refineries . There has been a slew of new oil and gas finds in the Gulf of Mexico in deep water . BP , like many of its competitors , is drilling exploration wells there to gauge the oil and gas potential . The well , known as Mississippi Canyon  MC  Block 252 , is in the ` Macondo prospect ' . The well in question is 65 percent owned by BP and has other oil companies as minority partners . It 's the norm these days for competitors to invest in these speculative wells . Will BP have to foot the bill for the clean up ? BP CEO Tony Hayward has said BP will take full responsibility for the spill and that they will honor "  legitimate " claims for compensation . In a press release Monday the company said : "  BP is committed to pay legitimate and objectively verifiable claims for other loss and damage caused by the spill - this may include claims for assessment , mitigation and clean up of spilled oil , real and property damage caused by the oil , personal injury caused by the spill , commercial losses including loss of earnings/profit and other losses as contemplated by applicable laws and regulations . " As of May 10 , BP said the clean up has cost it $ 350 million which includes money for the failed dome , also a $ 100 million block grant to four states and $ 100 million to drill that relief well . Its not clear if BP has received any money from its partners Anadarko and Mitsui , which together control 35 percent of this particular project . BP is also expected to try and recover some costs from Swiss-based Transocean which own the rig that caught fire and sank . How much will all this cost ? The clean up and the lawsuits together could total $ 3 billion , according to a research note Friday from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch . But even that figure could be higher if the incident hits BP 's reputation to the point where other firms no longer want to do business with them or if future oil exploration is limited as a result of the spill . Will anyone face legal action over the spill ? This is the United States after all . What effect has it had on BP 's share price ? BP shares are like an oil tanker most days -- they do n't move much and tend to trend with the oil price . But BP shares have been falling for days and at last count the company 's shares have lost some 8 percent last week . Why does something like this impact on share price ? BP may have to spend billions of dollars to make this right . Also , BP could cut its very generous dividend to preserve cash , if it comes to that . The Texas City Refinery fire in 2005 has cost BP some $ 1.5 bn and counting . Will it have an impact on BP 's profits ? This was not a working well , so BP will not lose any amount of oil and gas in its portfolio . But at some point it will have to " ` book " the costs of all this and that will have an impact on its bottom line . Having said that , BP earns $ 5-7 billion from "  ongoing activities " EVERY quarter  $ 27.7 billion in total for 2009  . It had a $ 5.5 billion "  replacement cost " profit in Q1 2010 . It can afford this .	BP took over U.S. oil companies ARCO and AMOCO in the 90s Takeover gives BP access to many U.S. oil fields and refineries BP shares have lost some 8 percent this week NEW : As of May 10 , BP said the clean up has cost it $ 350 million
CNN  -- Can companies patent human genes ? It was the question considered by an Australian federal court judge who on Friday ruled that a U.S. biotech company was within its rights to hold Australian patent 686004 . That patent covers mutations of the human gene BRCA1 which point to a greater hereditary risk of breast and ovarian cancer . The same gene , along with another , BRCA2 , is at the center of a high-profile lawsuit in the U.S. set to be heard by the Supreme Court in April . That lawsuit argues that patents on human genes violate the First Amendment and U.S. patent law because genes are "  products of nature " and therefore ca n't be patented , according to the American Civil Liberties Union  ACLU  . The Australian Federal Court defeat was a crushing blow for cancer campaigners who have been fighting to have the patent declared invalid since the case was first filed in June 2010 . "  I wo n't give up the fight because this is too important for future generations of people who at some point in their lives may need testing and treatment for cancers and other diseases , " said breast cancer survivor Yvonne D'Arcy , one of the parties in the case . Rebecca Gilsenan of Maurice Blackburn Lawyers , who represented D'Arcy and Cancer Voices Australia , said : "  We are disappointed in this ruling but it is not necessarily the end of the issue in a legal or policy sense . "  We think there may be grounds to appeal , and that there 's a reasonable chance that we will make that decision in the next week or two . " Reasons for the Australian ruling In his ruling , Justice John Nicholas found that the process of isolating the BRCA1 gene for testing requires human intervention , and because of that human intervention the isolated gene is patentable . He said there was "  no doubt that naturally occurring DNA and RNA as they exist inside the cells of the human body can not be the subject of a valid patent . " However , he said that the issue in this case was whether an isolated nucleic acid constituted "  an artificial state of affairs . " He ruled that it did . The lawsuit , the first of its kind in Australia , was filed against two biotech companies , U.S.-based Myriad Genetics , which owns the patent , and Genetic Technologies in Melbourne , which has exclusive rights to the testing in Australia and New Zealand . Gilsenan said that currently Genetic Technologies was not enforcing its ownership rights under patent laws , though it did attempt to in 2008 but backed down after public backlash . "  At the moment is it 's not being strictly enforced , but nevertheless researchers and testing institutions feel conscious of the fact that it could be enforced at any time and their work or their testing could be stopped or they could be in trouble for doing it . " Genetic Technologies declined CNN 's request for comment on the ruling , and at the time of writing Myriad Genetics was unavailable for comment . Supreme court to hear case in U.S. Myriad Genetics is also defending its right to own a patent on the gene in the U.S. , where it is named in a lawsuit alongside the University of Utah Research Foundation and the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office . The lawsuit , filed by the ACLU and the Public Patent Foundation , argues that the patents on genes BRCA1 and BRCA2 are unconstitutional and invalid . According to the ACLU , the lawsuit was filed on behalf of "  researchers , genetic counselors , women patients , cancer survivors , breast cancer and women 's health groups and scientific associations representing 150,000 geneticists , pathologists , and laboratory professionals . " It was filed in 2009 and has since bounced from the New York federal court to the appeals court and the Supreme Court , which will hear arguments in the coming months on whether human genes can and should be patented . The genes at issue According to Myriad Genetics ' website , approximately 7 % of breast cancer cases and up to 15 % of ovarian cancer cases are caused by mutations in the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes . The company says people found with mutations of either gene have "  risks of up to 87 % for breast cancer and up to 44 % for ovarian cancer by age 70 . " It says its BRACAnalysis test can confirm the presence of mutations so carriers can form "  patient-specific medical management plans to significantly reduce the risk of cancer . " "  This is the beginning of personalized medicine , " said Sally Crossing , spokesman for Cancer Voices Australia , a national network representing Australians affected by cancer . "  Any testing or access to material for researchers needs to be made as free and as easy as possible for them just to speed it up . " Crossing said the Australian ruling was "  extremely disappointing " but not surprising . "  There seems to be a mindset in Australia to protect patents at all costs , " she said . "  To our way of thinking it 's an anomaly of the Patents Act that was never intended to be applied to the human body . " She said Cancer Voices Australia would be pushing for an amendment to Australian law to cover human genes . "  I think the only thing for us to do now is to look at having an exclusion clause in our current patent law or put up a whole new law . That 's what we will be advocating for and supporting , " she said .	Australian federal court rules patent on human gene testing valid Mutations of gene BRCA1 increase risk of breast , ovarian cancer Cancer advocacy group had challenged biotech companies ' right to patent Biotech company Myriad Genetics fighting separate challenge in the U.S.
CNN  -- Last year 's world champion Lewis Hamilton has claimed pole position for Sunday 's inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix while his successor as Formula One 's top driver , Jenson Button , qualified fifth . Hamilton will be looking to end a disappointing year for McLaren with victory in the season finale at the new Yas Marina circuit , but even with a win can do no better than hold onto his fifth overall placing in F1 's first day-night event . The 24-year-old will start a race from the front of the grid for the 17th time in his career , and the fourth in the last seven races , after setting the fastest time in all three sessions . He clocked a best lap of one minute 40.948 seconds as the sun set on Saturday evening to head off the Red Bull duo of Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber . Vettel , whose bid to prevent Button clinching the world title ended last time out in Brazil , timed 1:41.615 while Webber recorded 1:41.726 . "  The car is the best it has been all year . It was a smooth lap , and it just kept getting better and better , " Hamilton told reporters . "  The place is just stunning . They all said it would be a great event , but it 's mind-blowing . It 's a great place to come to , a great country . The weather has been great and the people are so respectful and so welcoming . I hope we can put on a great show tomorrow . " Button 's bid to ensure the first all-British front row since 1995 came to nothing as he was out-qualified by teammate Rubens Barrichello for the 10th time this season . The Brazilian is expected to be making his final race outing for world champions Brawn , who are expected to sign Nico Rosberg from Williams . The German , who announced during the week that he will be leaving the British team , qualified ninth as Toyota 's Jarno Trulli and BMW Sauber duo Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld took sixth , seventh and eighth places . Kimi Raikkonen , who will be making his final race appearance for Ferrari , finished outside the top-10 for only the third time this season , and will start in 11th behind Toro Rosso 's Sebastien Buemi . Heikki Kovalainen 's chances of keeping his drive with McLaren took a blow as he finished 15th after suffering gearbox problems . The Finn , fastest in Friday 's practice sessions , was just ahead of two-time world champion Fernando Alonso , who along with Renault teammate Romain Grosjean failed to make it beyond the opening 20-minute session . Alonso , at least , can look forward to joining Ferrari as Raikkonen 's replacement , but Frenchman Grosjean faces an uncertain future as he has failed to take his chance since taking over from the sacked Nelson Piquet Jr. . Former world champions Ferrari will prop up the grid as veteran Giancarlo Fisichella again struggled ahead of what could be the final race of his career as he will be the team 's reserve driver next year when the injured Felipe Massa returns .	Last year 's world champion Lewis Hamilton claims pole position for inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix His successor Jenson Button qualifies fifth behind Brawn teammate Rubens Barrichello Red Bull duo Sebastien Vettel and Mark Webber second and third for F1 's first day-night race Button has an unassailable lead going into the final race of the 2009 season
Washington  CNN  -- A central part of the gun legislation Congress is expected to take up this week is the idea of expanded background checks on gun purchases . But few Americans understand how background checks actually work . Leaders from both sides of the aisle -- and an overwhelming number of Americans in national opinion polls -- support expanded background checks before the purchase of guns . But when it comes to specifics , the divide shows . Meanwhile , some congressional Democrats are pushing not only for expanded background checks , but also for broadening the requirement for records of sale transactions . For some Republicans and gun rights activists , the idea of any type of national gun registry is a deal-breaker . Why is this so hard ? The disconnect on background checks Here 's how the current system works : Once you have decided to purchase a gun from a retail outlet -- it could be a local gun shop or national chain such as Bass Pro Shops , Cabelas or Walmart -- the store enters your name and information into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System , or NICS , via a toll-free number or the Internet , to check the eligibility of the buyer . The check usually takes a few minutes to complete . The NICS system is linked to several databases managed by the FBI , including the National Crime Information Center , and runs an individual 's name through federal and state criminal records . CNN Poll : Background checks popular , worrisome Individuals can also be added to the NICS index outside of potential gun sales , on the recommendation of psychiatrists , mental health institutions and family members . Under the current NICS system , buyers may be denied the purchase of a firearm for reasons such as being indicted or convicted of a felony , admitting to being addicted to a controlled substances , having been dishonorably discharged from the Armed Forces , being subject to a restraining order , as well as other regulations . Since its implementation in 1998 , 2.1 million background checks have been denied out of 118 million requests , or almost 2 % . From gun hater to NRA-loving mom The use of the NICS however is not required for private sales of firearms , which make up about 20 % of all firearm transactions . A Democrat-backed bill being discussed in Congress closes this loophole , requiring background checks for all gun transactions , even private ones . This would extend background checks to purchases made at gun shows and on the internet . The current NICS is required by federal law -- the Brady Act of 1993 -- to destroy background check request records within 24 hours . Opinion : Why the NRA fights background checks And since the passage of the Gun Control Act of 1968 , licensed gun dealers -- called FFLs or Federal Firearms License holders -- are required by the ATF to also have gun purchasers to fill out a federal Form 4473 , which allows law enforcement officials to trace guns to their original purchasers . That document -- which contains the name , address , date of birth , copy of ID , NICS background check transaction number and model and serial number of the gun purchased -- must be retained by the dealer for 20 years and carries with it the same federal privacy restrictions as a federal tax return . Some opponents of changes to background checks cite the ineffectiveness of the current system as a reason not to expand it . The current system can not force states to share all of their records with the NICS database , especially ones regarding mental health . This lack of records allows some people with mental issues to legally purchase guns . Seung-Hui Cho , the shooter in the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007 , had been declared mentally ill by a judge two years before he murdered 32 people . But Cho had gone through a background check and been cleared . Should anyone be able to buy guns ? Share your views Others see the expansion as another waste of government dollars , believing that people who are not likely to have background checks approved , like felons , wo n't even attempt the process , and instead will go straight to the black market to purchase firearms . A recent CNN/ORC poll showed that nine out of 10 Americans said that they support a background check on every gun sale . Hope grows for compromise proposal on gun control	Few Americans understand how background checks actually work For some Republicans , the idea of expanded record-keeping is a deal breaker The background check system is linked to several databases managed by the FBI Since 1998 , almost 2 % of background checks have been denied
CNN  -- Animal Kingdom roared into the record books at Meydan Racecourse Saturday , blowing away the rest of the field to become only the second Kentucky Derby winner to triumph in the Dubai World Cup , the world 's richest race . The giant chestnut started strongly and tucked in behind the early pace setter , Royal Delta , before being unleashed in the straight by jockey Joel Rosario . He held off a final gallant challenge from the globe-trotting Red Cadeaux to win by four lengths . Planteur reprised his third place finish from last year , while the Andrew Balding-trained Side Glance ran the race of a lifetime to finish fourth . With $ 10 million in prize money on offer , the most lucrative race in the world attracted a strong international field , with representatives from the UK , the U.S. , Australia and Dubai . But it was a sparkling performance by arguably the classiest horse in the field that saw racing 's richest prize returned to American hands after a four-year dearth . Trained in the U.S. by English-born Graham Motion , the Kentucky Derby winner from 2011 has shown a unique ability to run convincingly on all three surfaces : dirt , synthetic and turf . However , attempts to live up to his promise on the international stage had been hampered by injury and he has run just twice since he was ruled out of last year 's running of the Dubai World Cup . He will now be targeted at Britain 's Royal Ascot meeting in June before heading to Australia to embark on a career at stud .	Former Kentucky Derby winner Animal Kingdom wins the Dubai World Cup Becomes only the second Kentucky Derby winner to win the race worth $ 10 million
CNN  -- CNN-sponsored Team Lotus have drafted in Karun Chandhok to replace Jarno Trulli for Sunday 's German Grand Prix . Chandhok , 27 , joined Team Lotus team as a reserve driver in March and has not taken part in a race since representing Hispania at the 2010 British Grand Prix . Trulli , 37 , is currently in his second season with Team Lotus , but the veteran Italian , who has also raced for Jordan and Renault during a 14-year career , has failed to score a point in 28 races with the marquee . "  Ever since I first joined the team I have been looking forward to this opportunity and I am determined to do my best to repay their faith in me and help the team progress , " India 's Chandhok said in a statement Thursday . Alonso claims British win for Ferrari "  I know there will be millions of Indian fans , and Team Lotus fans around the world , who will be behind me and the whole team , so I will do the best I can to give them something to cheer for . " Chandhok also received the backing of one-time grand prix winner Trulli , who vowed to help his teammate in the build up to the Nurburgring event . "  I 'm looking forward to working with Karun this weekend and doing whatever I can to help him get the most out of his opportunity in Germany , " said Trulli . "  It 's great that the team is true to its word of helping develop young talent , particularly from parts of the world where it is even harder to break through into the top rung of motorsport . " Passing judgment : Hamilton must stay aggressive When Chandhok lines up on the grid for the race he will be alongside his compatriot Narain Karthikeyan , who is in his first season with Hispania . Both drivers will be hoping to be in the cockpit when India makes its bow as a Formula One venue with a grand prix in New Delhi on October 30 .	Karun Chandhok will race for CNN-sponsored Team Lotus at the German Grand Prix The Indian will replace the veteran Italian Jarno Trulli who sits out the race Chandhok has been in Formula 1 since the 2010 British Grand Prix at Silverstone
CNN  -- She 's been a comedian , talk-show host and feared red carpet fashion critic . Now you can add winner of "  The Celebrity Apprentice " to Joan Rivers ' lengthy resume . Donald Trump and Joan Rivers attend "  The Celebrity Apprentice " season finale Sunday in New York . After weeks of competition , the 75-year-old dynamo beat out 15 other contestants , including Dennis Rodman , Tom Green and Brian McKnight , to take the top spot in this season 's edition of the reality show hosted by Donald Trump . Rivers went up against poker champion Annie Duke in Sunday night 's finale in which both women were charged with planning a VIP party and silent auction for the last and deciding task . "  They 're both tough , they 're both smart and they both hate each other , " Trump observed at the beginning of the show . The apparent tension between Rivers and Duke continued in the final boardroom , part of which played out in front of a live audience , with both finalists bickering and interrupting each other repeatedly as Trump looked on . In the end , Duke raised far more money at her event , but Rivers was able to attract more celebrities and provide a better overall experience for the guests at her party , and Trump declared her the winner of the competition . "  Your level of energy has been amazing , " he told Rivers . The victory means $ 250,000 for Rivers ' charity : God 's Love We Deliver . If the series thrives on conflict , it got plenty of mileage out of Rivers . She blew up at country singer Clint Black , referred to another contestant as a "  stupid blonde " and smashed a champagne glass out of frustration at one point . But Rivers seemed to be especially infuriated by Duke , calling her a "  despicable human being " -- the tamest of the insults she hurled in Duke 's direction over the course of the series . Rivers even walked out in a huff after her daughter , and fellow contestant , Melissa was fired from the show . The exit , complete with bleeped obscenities , was turned into a cliffhanger of sorts when it seemed like Rivers might not come back , but she returned to the show for the next task . You might think a show that 's best known for the phrase "  You 're fired " might not do so well in a bad economy when thousands of people have heard similar words for real at their workplaces , but the series averaged more than 8 million viewers a week , according to Entertainment Weekly . EW : Did the right one win ? Revived formula "  The Apprentice " made a splash when it debuted in 2004 , making a reality television star out of Trump and contestants such as Omarosa Manigault-Stallworth . For several seasons , the series took ambitious young mogul wannabes , divided them into teams and had them compete in tasks that ranged from selling lemonade to creating advertising campaigns for major corporations . The contestants vied for the chance to run one of Trump 's companies for a year , and Trump fired someone from the losing team each week until he selected an apprentice . Over the years , ratings for the show gradually declined , but the formula was revived in early 2008 with the first season of "  The Celebrity Apprentice . " The tasks , pressure-cooker atmosphere and boardroom bickering stayed the same , but the competition now featured contestants with varying degrees of fame and focused on raising money for charity . The first "  Celebrity Apprentice " top spot went to Piers Morgan , the prickly judge on "  Britain 's Got Talent " who made news this spring when he invited singing sensation Susan Boyle to dinner after her memorable performance on the show . Morgan also made several appearances on this season 's "  Apprentice , " sitting in as Trump 's "  eyes and ears " during one episode and interviewing the final four candidates in another . Morgan 's aggressive questioning seemed to annoy the celebrities , especially Jesse James , who glared icily at Morgan when he kept asking him why he did not turn to his wife , Sandra Bullock , for help in raising money during the various tasks . Perhaps Bullock might be tempted to try competing on the show herself . NBC announced last month it is bringing back "  The Celebrity Apprentice " for another installment in the spring of 2010 , Entertainment Weekly reported .	Joan Rivers wins this season 's "  Celebrity Apprentice " Rivers goes up against poker champion Annie Duke in finale Duke raises more money at her event , but Rivers is able to attract more celebrities The victory means $ 250,000 for Rivers ' charity
CNN  -- After Michael Brown was killed , the chorus was loud among those who felt video evidence would illuminate what happened between the unarmed teen and Officer Darren Wilson on August 9 . They asked : Why did n't Wilson have a body camera ? Following the grand jury 's Wednesday decision not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo , who , on camera , used a chokehold on Eric Garner that 's banned by the New York Police Department , a different question emerged : What 's the point ? President Barack Obama has called for 50,000 body cameras for police officers . New York Mayor Bill de Blasio has called for officers to wear them as well , but skeptics were out in force on Twitter after the grand jury 's decision in Garner 's death . "  Body cameras on cops are n't going to change anything . " one person wrote . "  There was clear footage of this cop killing Eric Garner , cop still was n't indicted . " "  Introducing police body cameras will do nothing , , , this WAS on camera ! " read another tweet . Asked about Obama 's plan , Garner 's dad , Ben Carr , also expressed doubt , telling CNN , "  Throwing money away . Video did n't matter here . " Camera phone footage shows Garner , whom police accused of illegally selling single cigarettes , arguing with two officers . The 350-pound man tells the police he 's minding his business . He 's clearly upset , gesticulating as he accuses officers of previous harassment . "  I 'm tired of it . This stops today , " he tells them . "  I did not sell nothing . " As the two officers reach for his arms to make an arrest , he pulls away , telling them , "  Do n't touch me . " Pantaleo administers the chokehold after two more officers appear , and within nine seconds , they take Garner to the ground . A fifth officer joins the fray as Pantaleo forces Garner 's head into the sidewalk , eliciting repeated , muffled cries from the 43-year-old , "  I ca n't breathe . I ca n't breathe . " Garner later died . When it was announced Pantaleo would n't be indicted , people took to Twitter to question the usefulness of body cameras if a grand jury wo n't indict an officer who was caught on video using a maneuver banned by his own police department . This is an even more pointed question when you consider a statistic from the department 's own Civilian Complaint Review Board : Despite the NYPD banning chokeholds in the 1990s , New York officer was accused of putting someone in a chokehold , on average , every other day from 2009 through the first half of 2014  you can see the numbers for yourself on page 55 of the board 's report  . Of those 1,048 complaints , the review board substantiated only 10 , and at the time of the board 's report , only one officer had been charged and only one had been disciplined , with a "  loss of up to 10 days of vacation "  three of the 10 were still "  pending disposition " at the time of the report  . Following Brown 's shooting , body cameras became cause du jour . Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , said in August that if local police agencies want to qualify for federal funding , their officers should be required to wear body cameras , and Obama said he would ask for $ 263 million that would , in part , provide police departments with the recording devices . CNN and CNNMoney ran numerous stories under headlines such as : -- "  Can cell phones stop police brutality ? " -- "  No dashcams in Ferguson : One less tool in Michael Brown shooting investigation " -- "  Post-Ferguson , more police uniforms include cameras " -- "  Can technology prevent another Ferguson ? " Yet all this clamoring to put cameras on officers ' lapels ignores that police use of force has remained relatively static despite the increasing popularity of camera phones over the years . Cell phone companies began equipping their devices with cameras in the United States in 2002 . They 've proliferated since , but according to Bureau of Justice Statistics , reports of police using force or threatening to use force barely budged , from 1.5 % of those who had contact with police in 2002 , to 1.6 % in 2005 , to 1.4 % in 2008 . It important to note that juries are asked to hold police officers to a different standard than civilians . In 1989 , the Supreme Court decided in Graham v. Connor that a police officer 's use of force should be "  analyzed under the Fourth Amendment 's ` objective reasonableness ' standard , rather than under a substantive due process standard , " under which the average American 's actions would be gauged . The ruling requires juries to determine whether an officer 's actions were " ` objectively reasonable ' in light of the facts and circumstances confronting them , without regard to their underlying intent or motivation . " It also demands juries consider that a "  reasonable officer " is "  forced to make split-second decisions about the amount of force necessary in a particular situation . " Twenty-two months later , the country watched home video of four Los Angeles police officers using a stun gun on Rodney King and hitting him more than 50 times with batons . In April 1992 , an all-white jury acquitted three of the officers , while it was hung on the fate of the fourth officer , resulting in a mistrial . Fast-foward to 2014 , and in addition to Garner 's death you have more instances in which seemingly excessive force caught on tape did n't result in a conviction for the accused officer . A grand jury declined to indict an Ohio police officer who killed 22-year-old John Crawford III in August as he walked through a Beavercreek Wal-Mart carrying an air rifle . The Albuquerque , New Mexico , Police Department stood by officers who in March shot a mentally disturbed , homeless 38-year-old , James Boyd , in the back after hours of negotiation in which Boyd wielded two small camping knives . Police then released a dog and fired bean bags at him as he gasped for breath . A county and federal investigation are ongoing . Police in Hammond , Indiana , also stood by officers who smashed the passenger window of a car and used a stun gun on Jamal Jones in September after pulling over his partner , Lisa Mahone , for a seat belt violation . Police say Jones refused to identify himself and exit the car , leading them to believe he was armed . At the same time , there are instances in which police departments did not stand by their officers when cameras captured what appears to be excessive force . "  Why did you shoot me ? " begged Levar Jones , 35 , in September after a South Carolina state trooper asked him for his driver 's license and opened fire when he reached into his car for it . Sean Groubert was fired and charged with aggravated assault and battery , the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division said . A witness said Saratoga County , New York , Deputy Shawn Glans hit a man in the head last month after the man told him he did n't want his car searched . Glans was caught on tape cursing at the man and telling the witness , who recorded parts of the incident , "  I 'll rip your f *** ing head off . " Glans , who has resigned , was charged with official misconduct and second-degree harassment . The facts , along with these incidents -- and the disparity in how the cases were handled -- do n't appear to provide a solid answer on whether body cameras are the answer to curbing excessive uses of force by police in America . In fact , they seem to demonstrate that these are complicated issues that wo n't likely be resolved by a simple camera on a cop 's lapel . CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Missouri senator , President Barack Obama lead calls for police body cameras Death of Eric Garner , caught on video , raised question : What 's the point ? Grand jury declined to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo in Garner 's death Other incidents of alleged excessive force caught on tape produced mixed results
Baghdad  CNN  -- A brazen insurgent attack inside a provincial council building in Baquba killed at least 12 people Tuesday , Iraqi Interior Ministry officials said . Also Tuesday , gunmen used pistols equipped with silencers and shot dead Ahmed Hassan , the head of the legal department in Baghdad 's provincial government , Interior Ministry officials said . The attackers intercepted Hassan 's car Tuesday morning as he was driving to work in the al-Alawi area in central Baghdad . In Baquba , the militants were shooting randomly from the roof of the Diyala provincial council building at Iraqi security forces who surrounded the structure , said the officials , who did not want to be named because they are not authorized to release information to media . The assault began with a suicide blast at the checkpoint to the compound , followed by a car bomb a few feet away , the officials said . When security forces rushed to the scene to help the wounded , four insurgents forced themselves into the building and held people hostage . By Tuesday afternoon , however , security forces regained control of the building and the hostages were freed . U.S. troops , who were on routine patrol in the area , assisted with an initial search of the building at the request of Iraqi police and later assisted with security , said spokeswoman Maj. Angela Funaro . U.S. helicopters scanned the area and provided information to the Iraqis . Funaro said a number of U.S. tactical vehicles were also in the area but they were part of the routine convoy and were not called in as a response force . The 12 fatalities included four attackers ; at least 28 others were wounded in the incident , officials said . Baquba , in ethically mixed Diyala province , is about 60 kilometers  37 miles  north of Baghdad . "  It 's a tragic incident , " said Hasan al-Saneid , who chairs a security committee in parliament , speaking with Iraqiya state television . "  All terrorist sleeper cells must be eliminated and the security plan in the province must be reviewed again , " he said , adding that Tuesday 's attack "  bears the hallmark of al Qaeda " but cautioned that no conclusions be drawn until an investigation is completed . Diyala was a stronghold of al Qaeda during the peak of Iraq 's sectarian violence between 2005 and 2007 . In March , armed militants took over a government building in Tikrit in northern Iraq and held hostages . At least 56 people died and 98 others were wounded in that attack , which also ended after Iraqi forces launched a raid to take back the building . Overall violence in Iraq has plunged over the past three years , and the insurgency there has received devastating blows . But the assaults Tuesday and in March are evidence of the instability that still plagues the nation . The latest wave of violence raises concerns over the capabilities of the Iraqi security forces as U.S troops prepare to leave the country by the end of 2011 under the terms of a bilateral security agreement . A new Iraqi government was formed in December but key positions that oversee security forces remain vacant amid political wrangling .	NEW : A government official is shot dead in Baghdad At least 12 people are killed , including four attackers The militants shot randomly at security forces , officials say The assault began with twin blasts
CNN  -- Chris Stevens died in the service of his country . He died doing what he loved most -- working to build bridges of understanding and mutual respect between the people of the United States and the people of the Middle East and North Africa . He was loved by many more Libyans than those who hated him for being an American . A few dozen fanatics penetrated his compound . More than 30,000 people in Benghazi demonstrated in protest over his death . Chris was successful because he embodied the traits that have always endeared America to the world -- a commitment to democratic principles , and respect for others , regardless of race , religion or culture . Chris regarded and liked each person he met as an individual . He respected their views , whether or not he agreed . One of his friends told us a tale that reflects his success on a small scale . Picnicking in the Libyan countryside , they met a local family . Chris immediately greeted them and suggested that they be photographed together . The young son of the patriarch of the family , suspicious and negative toward Americans , refused to participate . So Chris continued chatting with the others . When it was time to leave , the initially suspicious son presented Chris with a bouquet of flowers . "  This is because you were so respectful to my father , " he said . Chris was not willing to be the kind of diplomat who would strut around in fortified compounds . He amazed and impressed the Libyans by walking the streets with the lightest of escorts , sitting in sidewalk cafes , chatting with passers-by . There was a risk to being accessible . He knew it , and he accepted it . What Chris never would have accepted was the idea that his death would be used for political purposes . There were security shortcomings , no doubt . Both internal and outside investigations have identified and publicly disclosed them . Steps are being taken to prevent their reoccurrence . Chris would not have wanted to be remembered as a victim . Chris knew , and accepted , that he was working under dangerous circumstances . He did so -- just as so many of our diplomatic and development professionals do every day -- because he believed the work was vitally important . He would have wanted the critical work he was doing to build bridges of mutual understanding and respect -- the kind of work that made him literally thousands of friends and admirers across the broader Middle East -- to continue . So rather than engage in endless recriminations , his family is working to continue building the bridges he so successfully began . Through the J. Christopher Stevens Fund , and thanks to the tremendous outpouring of support from around the world , including a generous contribution from the government of Libya , the family of Christopher Stevens is working to support programs that build bridges between the people of the United States and the broader Middle East . This fall , together with a coalition of public and private partners , the family will launch a Virtual Exchange Initiative that will fuel the largest ever increase in people-to-people exchanges between the United States and the broader Middle East . We are working with the Peace Corps to expand its reach into schools and communities across this country . The family will support university fellowships for promising students interested in foreign relations and the Middle East , and looks forward to a symposium on "  The Arab Spring and the Future of U.S. Diplomacy " planned in Chris ' honor by the University of California 's Hastings College of the Law. We have received letters from thousands of people all over the world who were touched by his example . His openness touched a chord in their hearts . He would have wanted to be remembered for that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are those of Jan Stevens .	Chris Stevens ' father writes that his son knew the risks of his job He says the ambassador worked to build bridges between Americans and Libyans Father : Son would not have wanted to be seen as a victim nor to have his death politicized Stevens ' family vows to continue his work in promoting peace , understanding
CNN Student News  -- January 20 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria Italy Tampa , Florida Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- A Southern California bank robber dubbed the "  geezer bandit " has struck again , possibly knocking off his 11th bank , the FBI said . The suspect held up a Bank of America branch in Temecula on Thursday . "  During  the  robbery , the robber approached the victim teller and presented a demand note for cash , " a statement from the FBI said . "  The robber carried a leather case which contained a small caliber pistol that he threatened to use , if the teller did not comply with his demands . " The FBI believes the suspect is responsible for robbing 10 banks in San Diego County and one in Riverside County . The "  geezer bandit " has carried a weapon in at least two of the robberies and should be considered dangerous , authorities said . "  In these types of crimes , the potential for violence is significant , " April Langwell , spokeswoman for the San Diego office of the FBI , said in May . "  The last thing we want to happen is an employee of the bank or a customer to be injured as a result of one man 's greed . " The robber has been described as between 60 and 70 years old . However , there has been some suggestion that he may be wearing a mask to conceal his real age and make him appear much older than he is , Langwell said . He is approximately 6 feet , 190 pounds , of average build and has been known to wear prescription eyeglasses and various hats and caps , including a blue baseball cap with a script style "  P " on the front . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	"  Geezer bandit " may have robbed up to 11 banks Robber believed to be at least 60 years old Robberies have taken place in Southern California
CNN  -- Syrian opposition voices spoke out Monday against a proposed law that would allow for new political parties , calling it little more than a publicity stunt . If enacted , the bill would add to a long list long list of reform promises going back at least five years . "  The Syrian regime is just easing international pressure to implement political and social reforms in Syria . The regime is simply constitutionalizing dictatorship through this new law that lacks basic elements for political parties to be formed freely , " said Hassan Chalabi , a member of the Syrian National Salvage Congress . Chalabi said the proposal "  does not fulfill the aspirations of the opposition and the people of Syria . " Others say the prerequisites required to form a new party make it nearly impossible to do so . "  The law stipulates that any political party needs to have at least 2,000 members representing at least seven Syrian provinces before being active , " said Damascus lawyer Anwar Al Bounni , who heads the Syrian Center for Legal Studies and Research . He added that the parties can not be active until they are legalized by a committee formed by the minister of interior , a judge and three other members appointed by the president . This stipulation , Al Bounni said , makes it impossible for opposition parties to establish a presence , despite the new law . "  The law issued by the Syrian government is just for the media consumption and to delude the international community that the Syrian regime is implementing reforms . The reality is that it is not , " Al Bounni said . Anti-regime demonstrators took to the streets Sunday night , chanting for the fall of the regime into the early hours of Monday , according to activists and protest videos posted on the Internet . State media also reported the sacking of two regional governors as a move to appease Syrian citizens . The governors replacing those sacked were to do more "  to meet the citizens ' demands and interests , " according to the SANA state news agency . More than 12,000 demonstrators participated in two towns alone , dissident organization Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Videos posted on YouTube showed public squares of at least five cities packed with nighttime protesters . Pro-democracy activists renewed their claim of a government "  detention campaign " and reported 15 arrests in a Damascus suburb during a demonstration in support of the city of Homs , which is under a military crackdown . CNN can not independently confirm the demonstrations or detentions . Syria 's Cabinet approved the bill Sunday to provide for the formation of new political parties , according to SANA , "  as part of the directives of the political reform program . " It would require that new parties adhere to principles similar to those of Western democracies , SANA reported . But new parties would not be allowed to have members "  convicted of an offense or felony . " Past announcements of reform have done little to quell protests . Online videos posted Monday morning showed protesters reaffirming demands of regime change , chanting : "  The people want the fall of the regime . " President Bashir al-Assad had introduced economic and , to a lesser extent , political reforms in Syria as early as 2006 , according to a July 2006 report by the Carnegie Endowment . Those reforms were "  more cosmetic than consequential , " the report concluded . Human Rights Watch says Syrian security forces have intensified their campaign of mass arrests in cities that have had anti-government protests . The cities include Hama , Homs and suburbs around Damascus , the group said . Citing "  reliable activists and witnesses , " it estimated that security forces have arrested more than 2,000 anti-government protesters , medical professionals caring for wounded protesters and people alleged to have given information to international news media and human rights organizations . Local Coordination Committees of Syria estimates that more than 15,000 people arrested since the beginning of the protests remain in detention , Human Rights Watch said . The organization said it had "  already documented widespread torture from the accounts of people who have been released , causing concern that many detainees still in detention are being tortured . " The unrest in Syria began in mid-March after teens were arrested for writing anti-government graffiti in the southern city of Daraa , according to Amnesty International . As the clashes intensified , demonstrators changed their demands , from calls for freedom and an end to abuses by the security forces to calls for the regime 's overthrow . CNN 's Rima Maktabi contributed to this report .	The opposition says the proposed law is "  constitutionalizing dictatorship " Sunday protests fell on the heels of Cabinet approval of a reform bill Videos posted online showed public squares filled with anti-regime protesters Activists renewed claims of arrest campaigns by President Bashir al-Assad 's regime
London , England  CNN  -- Irish football officials have lodged an official complaint with world ruling body FIFA after Thierry Henry confessed that he handled the ball in the build-up to the goal which sent France to next summer 's World Cup . Television cameras showed Henry guiding the ball with his hand twice , before William Gallas scored from his resulting cross to give "  Les Bleus " a narrow win in the two-legged World Cup play-off against the Republic of Ireland . "  I will be honest . It was a handball but I am not the referee , " the Barcelona striker told reporters after the match in Paris . The Irish Justice Ministry confirmed to CNN that Dermot Ahern had asked the Football Association of Ireland  FAI  to demand a replay in the interests of fair play . "  Thierry Henry has admitted handling the ball , claims he told the ref he handled it . Millions of people worldwide saw it was a blatant double handball -- not to mention a double offside -- and we should put the powers that be in the cozy world of FIFA on the spot and demand a replay , " Ahern said in a statement sent to CNN . "  They probably wo n't grant it as we are minnows in world football but let 's put them on the spot . It 's the least we owe the thousands of devastated young fans around the country . Otherwise if that result remains it reinforces the view that if you cheat you will win . " The FAI later confirmed that it had taken the matter to FIFA . "  I really believe the integrity of the game has been questioned last night , " chief executive John Delaney told reporters . "  The governing body of world football have to step up to the plate and accede to our call for a replay . " Delaney said the FAI had also written to the French football federation . "  They need to look at themselves in this situation . Henry is their captain and a wonderful footballer , but does he want to be like Diego Maradona and his legacy to be this handball , this goal that got them to the World Cup in an unjust manner ? If we had qualified in this manner , I would n't be happy , " he said . "  It is up to the people who govern the game now . Every time I go to a FIFA congress I hear about fair play and integrity . This was a defining game with the whole world watching , and if FIFA believe in fair play and integrity , this is their opportunity to step forward . " The FAI has argued that there is a precedent for the result to be struck out , following FIFA 's ruling that Uzbekistan had to replay a play-off against Bahrain for the 2006 World Cup in Germany after the referee made a mistake in awarding a penalty . "  The Football Association of Ireland is hoping that FIFA and its disciplinary committee will , on behalf of football fans worldwide , act in a similar fashion so that the standards of fair play and integrity can be protected , " the FAI said . FIFA confirmed it had received the Irish request for a replay , but gave no timescale on a decision . However , it said that under its regulations the referee 's decision can not be changed . "  Law 5 states that the decisions of the referee regarding facts connected with play , including whether or not a goal is scored and the result of the match , are final , " it said . "  The referee may only change a decision on realising that it is incorrect or , at his discretion , on the advice of an assistant referee or the fourth official , provided that he has not restarted play or terminated the match . " Irish captain Richard Dunne , who spoke to Henry on the final whistle , said he felt cheated by the goal . "  He admitted he handled it , but it does n't make me feel any better because we are not going to the World Cup finals , " the defender said . "  FIFA will probably be happy . Yet again the big decisions have gone for the bigger team . " Football 's international governing body had faced criticism from several Irish players that the seeding system for the play-off draw favored more powerful nations such as France . Blog : When will FIFA see what 's staring them in the face ? Dunne 's teammate Robbie Keane admitted it was "  hard to speak , " as he struggled to come to terms with the result . "  With the way we played , we certainly deserved to win the game and it killed us near the end with that handball , " he was quoted by the FAI Web site as saying . "  I 've seen the replay but we knew anyway  it was handball  . You could see by the reaction of the players , especially Shay  Given  who was two yards away from it . You do n't get a reaction like that . It was a clear handball . "  He  Henry  almost caught the ball and actually ran into the net with it . We 're devastated . " Ireland team manager Giovanni Trapattoni told reporters that the referee had time to ask the linesman and then Henry . "  It would not have been the first time a player would have asked and it would not have been out of turn . "  We are angry , " the Italian continued . "  It is a bitter evening for me . I would prefer to have gone out on penalties . " Fanzone : Five of football 's most famous injustices But former France international David Ginola was emphatic that Henry should not have "  owned up . " "  You do n't do that , " he told CNN . "  Henry was doing his job . You ca n't blame him for doing everything he could for his team and country to get them to South Africa . "  But it was a shame to finish the game like that as Ireland had played very well . "  Referees need more help on the pitch , so as not to allow things like that . Obviously the referee was not well-positioned and could n't see . " English Referees Union chief Alan Leighton told CNN that Swedish official Martin Hansson had clearly missed a huge decision . "  I think the incident was more of instinct than deliberately attempting to cheat but it does seem that the ball hit his hand twice and therefore there is an issue . " But on the wider issue of cheating , Leighton said : "  It is all very well to blame the referees for not spotting it but fundamentally it starts with the players . "  I think the players have to think about the game , think about the reputation of the game and their own reputations and say look actually there is a line that we will not cross . "	NEW : Republic of Ireland officials lodge official complaint with world ruling body FIFA NEW : FAI also writes to French counterparts asking for World Cup play-off to be replayed Cameras showed France 's Thierry Henry guiding ball with his hand twice , before William Gallas scored Ex-France player David Ginola said Henry was only doing his job for his country and should not be blamed
CNN  -- In her new book "  10-10-10 , " Suzy Welch advocates a fast and reasoned approach to decision making by asking readers to think about the impact their decisions will have in 10 minutes , 10 months and 10 years . Suzy Welch , right , developed a decision-making process before marrying former GE CEO Jack Welch . The business writer , whose work appears in BusinessWeek and O : The Oprah Magazine , spoke with CNN about whether her method could have prevented the financial crisis , what Oprah would think of her mistrust of gut reactions and how to avoid becoming a clich from a Talking Heads song . An excerpted version of that interview is below : CNN : Could you start off by explaining what 10-10-10 means ? Welch : It 's a way of infusing intentionality and deliberateness into your decision making so you are living your life instead of your life living you . It impels you to do a values excavation , where you have a very candid conversation about what really matters to you : who you are , who you want to be . Then you take each decision -- each messy decision , each complicated decision ; it 's not about "  Where do we go to dinner ? " -- and you consider the consequences of your options in the immediate future , 10 minutes , in the foreseeable future -- that 's the 10 months -- and then the distant future -- that 's the 10 years . CNN : How does that compare with other decision-making methods , say , like , going with your gut reaction or flipping a coin ? Welch : Gut 's got its moment . There 's a story in the book about when gut saved my life . I think gut is no way to live your life . Gut is a not-transparent , relatively inconsistent method for building a life of your own making . Now , the problem with gut is that good decision-makers are made , not born . If you ask a neuroscientist what gut is , -LSB- he or she would say -RSB- some of our gut reactions are hardwired on the savanna plain at the beginning of humankind . So , paralysis in moments of fear . The sort of selective deafness we have : only listening to people that we like . Not breaking from the group . There are hardwired neurological responses that always the best decision options . So I say , listen to your gut . But do a 10-10-10 , and if there 's a gap , figure out why . Watch Suzy Welch talk about decision-making paralysis " CNN : So if these gut reactions have evolved over time , is this sort of decision-making process then going against what we 've evolved to do ? Welch : It is a shortcut to wisdom . So , in fact , when you meet somebody who 's really , really wise and you ask them how they make decisions , you often hear them describe a form of 10-10-10 . It takes a lot of courage to turn to your parents or to turn to your spouse and say , "  Actually , this is not my beautiful life . " I 'm just quoting that Talking Heads song , but you can wake up when you 're 40 or 35 and say , "  Oh , my God , I lived the last 10 years for someone else . " This is a way to avoid that . CNN : Does this work for everyone ? Welch : I 've yet to see it not work . I 've talked to many , many people now who use it . Here 's where it falls apart : It falls apart in the execution of it . Because people will make a great 10-10-10 decision and then not have the courage to live it . CNN : If everyone used 10-10-10 , do you think we 'd be in the financial crisis we 're in ? Welch : The reason we 're in a financial crisis is because some people did things without integrity . 10-10-10 is so based on having good values . If your values hurt other people for your own financial advancement , a good 10-10-10 decision is n't going to undo that . Had people been playing to their better angels and used 10-10-10 in the financial crisis , yeah , we probably could have avoided some of it . CNN : What 's the hardest decision you 've ever had to make ? Welch : I write about it in the book . It was my divorce ... Just technically speaking , the decision to end a marriage , there 's just almost nothing harder . CNN : Are there any decisions you regret ? Welch : Oh , I have a billion of them . That 's why 10-10-10 came to be , because I was regretting too many decisions . Since I started using 10-10-10 , I think that I 've gotten my decision making in a great place . I do n't want to say that with any kind of hubris , because I make mistakes all the time , because I 'm human . I 'm all too human , I guess . But , you know , there 's no 10-10-10 decision I regret . ... I do n't regret the marriage that I ended , because I have four fabulous children because of it , but perhaps I should have ended it earlier . CNN : In the long term , do you think there are bad decisions ? Because like with that one , you 're saying there are good things that come of it . You learned something . Welch : The great thing about the human condition , OK , is that life goes on . And there are good things that come out of bad . But there are bad decisions that stall you for years . And there are decisions that we make way too late . And if anything what 10-10-10 does is that it expedites good decisions . ... If anything , 10-10-10 encourages us to start living our lives sooner . CNN : You write for O magazine , right ? I 've heard Oprah talk about gut reactions and trusting yourself . Do you think she would agree with you -LSB- on 10-10-10 -RSB- ? Welch : You know , I do n't know how she would feel about it . The book says very clearly that gut has its place . Gut is pattern recognition . I 'm not going to denigrate gut . Sometimes our gut is our inner voice . And I do n't say "  do n't listen to it . " What I 'm saying is , "  backstop it . " What I 'm saying is , "  uncheck it . " What I 'm saying is , "  unpick it . " Sometimes gut is great , and sometimes gut is just easy .	Suzy Welch writes about a fast way for people to make smarter decisions Welch says her method could have prevented some of financial crisis Welch says her strategy is a "  shortcut to wisdom " She says she 's not sure what Oprah would think of the 10-10-10 approach
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- One day while driving with her father , Hannah Salwen noticed a Mercedes stopped next to a homeless man sitting on the curb . The Salwen family of Atlanta , Georgia , has decided to sell this house and give half the proceeds to charity . "  I said to my dad , ` If that guy did n't have such a nice car , then that guy could have a nice meal , ' " the 15-year-old from Atlanta , Georgia , recalled . And so began the tale of what the Salwen family calls "  Hannah 's Lunchbox . " Watch why family wants to give away $ 800K " It started as family discussions about what they needed versus what was enough . Hannah 's father Kevin , an entrepreneur , is on the board of the Atlanta Habitat for Humanity and is no stranger to community work , but he said this family conversation was life-changing . "  We stopped and paused and thought about what are the things in the world that could really make a difference , a little bit of difference in the world , " he said . They talked about selling their cars or other things , but it was Hannah 's mother , Joan , who came up with selling their 6,500-square-foot house , donating half the proceeds and then moving into a house half the size . For nine years , the family lived in a historic 1912 mansion near downtown Atlanta . It boasts five bedrooms , eight fireplaces , a kitchen that would make any cook jealous and even an elevator . See the new and old houses , side by side " When Hannah would bring friends over , she said , often their jaws would drop and they 'd gasp , "  Wow , you live here ? " Like most teens , Hannah loves to shop , and she jammed every space of her massive walk-in closet full of clothes . But she also knows many people are less fortunate ; she volunteers at a local community food bank and other relief agencies . Joan Salwen , a teacher , said the mansion was her dream home . "  It was a challenge , " she said of giving up that house . "  It was a test , almost , to see : How committed are we ? I mean , how serious are these kids about what we should do ? And they all nodded and there we were . " So the Salwens put the house up for sale in May 2007 and started figuring out what they would do with half the proceeds , which would amount to more than $ 800,000 . They spent six months researching charity organizations before deciding on the Hunger Project , an organization dedicated to helping end world hunger through people helping themselves . Hunger Project Vice President John Coonrod said the family met with organizers in New York and notified them months later that the charity was the winner . When the Salwen house sells , the money will be channeled through The Community Foundation for Greater Atlanta over a six-year period and end up in Ghana , Coonrod said . "  This will underwrite a process in more than 30 villages to enable people to meet all of their basic needs on a sustainable basis , " he said . "  They will be able to grow enough food , to build clinics and schools , and the villagers will be doing the lion 's share of the work . " Coonrod said he 'd never heard of a family donating in this way . "  Hannah 's awakening to social injustice , and her family 's ability to make a difference in that issue will make a profound difference in the lives of tens of thousands of people , " he said , estimating the money could affect more than 20,000 people in Ghana . Hannah 's 13-year-old brother , Joseph , was so impressed with his big sister 's ideas that he made a three-minute video of the family 's project . Watch Joseph 's video The video won the grand prize in the 2008 "  My Home : The American Dream " contest , sponsored by Coldwell Banker and Scholastic Publishing . In the video , Joseph tells viewers , "  We 're showing you can redefine the American dream . " But the Salwens ' house has sat on the market for more than a year . It 's a tough time to sell any house , let alone one with an asking price of nearly $ 1.8 million . Real estate agent Sally George said she 's shown the house 40 or 50 times , and there have been nibbles but no buyers . See the house 's real estate listing Many people are interested in the house 's rich history but often do n't know anything about the philanthropic aspects of the family 's project . "  I 've never handled a house selling for this reason , " George said . "  I did n't learn about what the family was doing until early this year . " Hannah and Joseph said most of their friends at school do n't know about it . "  We did n't do it for the fame or the glory , " said Joan Salwen . "  This was something Hannah sort of yanked us into . " Even though it was Joan Salwen 's idea to sell the house , it has been tough for her to give it up . "  I have to admit , " she said , "  I loved living in this house . Does that make me an evil person ? I hope not because it 's a beautiful place . " The family recently moved to a house less than half the size of their mansion four blocks away . While Hannah 's friends called her old home the "  wow house , " this one is more ordinary and that 's fine with her . Lately the family has spent a lot of time around the kitchen table talking about an upcoming two-week trip to Ghana . The Salwens will spend six or seven hours a day visiting the villages where their money will be put to work . Kevin Salwen said the new house is great , it 's just smaller . "  We as Americans have so much , " said Salwen , a former Wall Street Journal writer . "  We love the concept of half . We are going from a house that 's 6,000 square feet to a house that 's half the size , and we 're giving away half the money . "  And we do think everyone can do something if they think through half . "	Family tries to sell $ 1.8 million mansion and give half the proceeds to charity Decision comes after discussions about how much wealth is needed Family voluntarily downsizes to more ordinary house After sale , money will go to villages in Ghana via the Hunger Project
CNN  -- No longer is the promised land of Apple 's App Store reserved for technical wizards . DJ Felli Fel 's month-old iPhone app , powered by Mobile Roadie , has been downloaded a few thousand times . Just as everyone can publish their own blog on the Web , now developers are making it possible for everyone to make their own applications for iPhones . Both emerging start-ups and veteran developers for mobile platforms are making uploading and updating content on a mobile device accessible with dedicated content management systems  CMS  and service-based subscriptions . Mobile Roadie is one start-up solution that allows clients to stream music , link to iTunes and YouTube , post news and photos and integrate their other social profiles such MySpace , Twitter and Facebook into one handy interface . "  Mobile Roadie was created because we felt that the current solution of paying $ 20,000 for an iPhone app is only viable for the top 0.001 percent of all musicians , and yet an iPhone app is a great way to promote and sell music and shows and to give the band a greater connection with their fans , " says Michael Schneider , CEO of Mobile Roadie developers and designers Fluidesign . The Mobile Roadie package includes creation of the application itself , submission to the App Store , a Web-based CMS , hosting of content , bandwidth and the first 1,000 downloads  subsequent downloads costs 1 cent each per month  . If the client decides to charge for the app , Mobile Roadie takes 10 percent of the price , while Apple takes a standard 30 percent . And while there are several other players on the mobile market , the undisputed favorite among mobile operating systems -- for now , at least -- is indeed the much-touted Apple iPhone OS . "  The iPhone platform has proven to be a great opportunity for mobile developers , bringing a well-regulated market along with a solid development platform and , most importantly , very well-designed terminals , " says Fiore Basile , CTO of iPhone developers 8080 . Print on demand The Italian company 8080 has been making mobile software since 2001 and focuses exclusively on creating iPhone-based apps and services for publishing , music and advertising . 8080 's nostalgia for traditional fine print design is explicit in its existing iPhone apps : Frontpages simulates a newsstand displaying PDF files of newspaper front pages that link to their Web sites and/or RSS feeds ; Lettera simulates an old-fashioned mechanical typewriter , complete with sound effects . So rather than create an application optimized for mobile devices with flowing text , 8080 's PageStreamer encourages clients to upload pre-formatted PDF files to a CMS that converts their content into individual page sections , which can be magnified via the iPhone 's touch screen . "  Our main goals are to preserve the richness of content and graphical style of the printed newspapers , still loved by readers worldwide , while taking advantage of Apple 's platform for presenting and delivering the content in a pleasant way , " says Basile . Perhaps more relevant to today 's printed-press financial conundrum are the growing number of  mostly free  mobile news applications that run parallel to a news organization 's Web site . The best of these optimize mobile browsing of headlines and thumbnails , reading articles , listening to audio , viewing photos and videos , while searching , saving and sharing content . The best of the best also cache the essentials for free off-line consumption and enjoyment , thus reviving the pleasure of reading , watching or listening to media on a traditionally unwired , portable support  like a book , magazine or newspaper  . Kanchoo lets news organizations create their own iPhone applications to do just that , not only adapting content to the mobile screen but also downloading and updating when online in a single elegant sweep . "  We try to make the Kanchoo apps fully functional while you are n't connected and while updating , " says one of the Kanchoo developers , William Taysom . "  Nearly half of the iPhone OS devices in the world are the iPod touch . These devices only have support for WiFi , and wireless is sometimes unavailable when you might want to read the news . It 's very important to provide a good experience in these cases . " Kanchoo is based on the idea that information should flow seamlessly through a wide range of media , where mobile is emerging as a primary platform . For this reason , Kanchoo apps also support XML data , which allows content-providers to feed the same information into several different applications across platforms . Mobile challenges to Apple But how long will the iPhone OS 's crown remain unchallenged ? While heavily branded devices such as the Amazon Kindle and Hearst e-readers reach out to the mobile news market with large flat screens and e-ink , other mobile brands are carefully strategizing their own shares . Kanchoo developer Aaron Farr believes that Google 's open-source Android platform may take a few years to be delivered on enough handsets to go truly mainstream , but "  no other mobile platform is standing still . " "  There 's much anticipation about Palm Pre . Blackberry is still extremely popular in certain markets . And Nokia will not allow Symbian to lose market share without a fight . I think we 're at the beginning of trends which will reshape the mobile market significantly in the next couple of years , " he says . On the television and video end of the media content spectrum , Mobiclip has developed technology that allows clients to use a CMS to upload and stream live TV and radio , as well as on-demand videos , directly to a number of mobile platforms . "  Mobiclip is already available for Symbian , Windows Mobile , Linux and Nintendo consoles . Android is being developed , " assures Mobiclip 's vice-president of marketing Denis Pagnac . Two of Mobiclip 's current apps stream uninterrupted , high-quality live FRANCE 24 television programming or Deutsche Welle radio direct to an iPhone or iPod touch , effectively bridging the last remaining gaps between traditional and emerging media platforms . And if one of the biggest challenges to news organizations is devising a viable business model for online content , all of the above-mentioned iPhone-app solutions also offer optional advertising services , as well as statistical usage reports , to further capitalize on their mobile presence . "  We are developing a new ecosystem , where people are consuming more mobile content on bigger screens , in good quality and with a predictable business model , " says Pagnac .	Companies provide tools for non-developers to manage their own iPhone apps Start-ups offer comprehensive package for one set-up fee plus monthly charge News organizations are target market for mobile solutions using XML and CMS Live TV and radio can be streamed in high quality to more and more mobile devices
WASILLA , Alaska  CNN  -- The sports complex that Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's supporters call her most visible legacy as mayor of her hometown left the town paying inflated prices for the land and huge legal bills , according to court records . Sarah Palin , Wasilla , Alaska 's former mayor , is under fire for a sports complex she fought hard for . The complex features a soccer field , a running track and an indoor hockey rink with heated seats . Palin campaigned for a sales tax increase to finance the $ 14.7 million project , winning approval for the half-cent levy by a margin of 20 votes . Palin is now the Republican nominee for vice president . Her supporters call the arena the crowning achievement of her 1996-2002 tenure as mayor . "  She really was very , very passionate about this right from the start , " Wasilla Recreation Manager Bruce Urban said . But the city never obtained clear property to the title until this year , after a lengthy court battle with developer Gary Lundgren , who owned part of the land on which the complex sits . Watch more on the controversy " "  When they started building , the title to the land was in my name , " said Lundgren , who now lives in Panama . Diane Woodruff , a City Council member and longtime Palin critic , said that has left Palin 's major campaign pitch -- to be a fiscally conservative reformer -- in question . "  She inherited the city with no debt , and suddenly we have a lot of debt , " she said . "  I do n't think that labels her as a true fiscal conservative . " In 1999 , the Nature Conservancy was negotiating to sell the land to the city and Lundgren , but he says that although he signed a purchase agreement with the group , the city did not . Lundgren purchased 325 acres from the Nature Conservancy , but the city filed a lawsuit claiming ownership of land it believed it owned . In 2002 , a federal court sided with Lundgren , finding that the city had never signed the proper papers . But by then , the 80-acre complex was under construction ; Palin gave the go-ahead to begin while the issue was still in court . After Palin left office , the city sought to obtain the tract it needed for the sports complex through eminent domain , leading to another court battle . "  I 'm curious as to why somebody in the previous administration did n't make sure that we had clear title before we started building , because certainly once we started building , we were over a barrel , " Woodruff said . Wasilla eventually agreed to pay Lundgren more than $ 800,000 for the land , along with Lundgren 's legal fees and interest : another $ 700,000 . Lundgren said he offered to give the city a 20-acre parcel to avoid further lawsuits , but city officials turned him down . "  They said they needed more than 20 acres , " he said . "  They had additional plans to build a softball field . " Attorney Kenneth Jacobus , who represented the city , said he had no recollection of an acceptable offer from Lundgren . The city originally paid $ 145,000 for part of the land . The rest of it was valued at about $ 21,000 . It ended up paying more than $ 1.5 million , not counting its own legal fees . Palin 's successor as mayor , Diane Keller , said the project has brought in more than $ 3 million in revenue for local businesses . "  I think this was a community dream . It may have been a part of Sarah Palin 's dream , but it was n't only her dream , " Keller said . The complex is getting a lot of use , but it is not breaking even . Its operating costs are about $ 900,000 a year , Urban said , and city records show that the city has to pay about $ 100,000 of that . And Lundgren is still appealing the eminent domain case before Alaska 's supreme court , arguing that Wasilla did n't meet the legal requirements for taking the land .	Records indicated Palin 's Wasilla sport complex left city with legal bills Palin campaigned for a sales tax increase to finance the $ 14.7 million project The complex is getting a lot of use , but it is not breaking even
CNN  -- Defending champions Spain regained control of their qualifying destiny for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil when beating France 1-0 in a crucial encounter in Paris . A home win in the Stade de France , where France lifted the 1998 World Cup , would have given coach Didier Deschamps ' side a five-point margin with just three qualifiers remaining . Such a scenario would have potentially banished Spain to the ignominy of having to qualify for Brazil via the playoffs but now it is their vanquished foes who appear set for such a fate . In a tight encounter , both sides wasted fine openings -- with Franck Ribery at fault for the hosts while Xavi was unusually wayward for the visitors -- before Pedro bundled home after 58 minutes . The victory takes Spain to 11 points in Group I , one more than France , with the other teams in the group -- Georgia , Belarus and Finland -- seemingly out of contention . "  I am happy because the three points put us in a good situation , but also because we stuck to our style , " said Spain coach Vicente Del Bosque . "  We could have won by a greater margin in the end . " Only one team automatically qualifies for the World Cup from each of the nine European groups , with the eight best runners-up going into a playoff in November . The defeat was the first in a competitive match as French coach for Deschamps , who saw young Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba sent off for two yellow cards . Like the French , Roy Hodgson 's England also had to settle for second place on an evening when plans for group supremacy were ripped up . The English had been looking to inflict a first Group H defeat for leaders Montenegro , a country of little more than 600,000 inhabitants , but the Balkan nation retained their two-point lead over the visitors when drawing 1-1 . Wayne Rooney , who was sent off on his last visit to Podgorica , thought he had atoned when heading the 1966 world champions into an early lead only for the hosts to dominate the second half and deservedly equalize through Dejan Damjanovic . "  We 're still confident we can finish top of the group , " said England captain Steven Gerrard , whose side could be five points adrift before they host Moldova in September . Group rivals Poland and Ukraine , who co-hosted the 2012 European Championship , also won , beating San Marino and Moldova respectively , to close the gap on the Group H leaders . Elsewhere , Israel -- the only country to have played World Cup qualifiers in five different continents -- boosted their chances of returning to the finals for the first time since 1970 when winning 2-0 in Northern Ireland . The victory takes them to 11 points , level with a Portuguese side who beat 10-man Azerbaijan 2-0 in Baku , as both sides battle for second place behind Fabio Capello 's Russia , who lead the group with 12 points having played two games less . Russia , who drew 1-1 with Brazil in a friendly on Monday night in London , are one of only two European sides to boast 100 % records , with Holland maintaining theirs on Tuesday as the Group D leaders thumped Romania 4-0 at home to earn their sixth straight win . Group rivals Turkey , who finished third at the 2002 World Cup , endured a disappointing night as they were held to a 1-1 draw at home by a resurgent Hungary , with a team that reached the 1954 World Cup final continuing to suggest signs of a long-overdue revival . Having gifted the visitors their equalizer , the Turks trail the Dutch by 11 points with only four qualifiers left . Between them , Germany and Italy have won the World Cup on seven occasions -- and both maintained control of their groups with comfortable victories on Tuesday . Mario Balotelli continued his recent hot streak by scoring both goals in a 2-0 win in Malta , to keep Italy -- who have a game in hand -- three points clear of second-placed Group B side Bulgaria . The Germans -- who lead Group C by eight points -- defeated Kazakhstan 4-1 but the visitors had a moment to savour when Genrikh Shmidtgal found the back of the net after 46 minutes , only the Kazakhs ' second goal from their six qualifiers . One of the most intriguing battles for automatic World Cup qualification comes in Group A where both Belgium and Croatia are tied on 16 points apiece , after their first six matches . Heralding a special group of players including Eden Hazard , Christian Benteke , Moussa Dembele and Vincent Kompany among others , the Belgians beat Macedonia 1-0 at home as Chelsea midfielder Hazard settled the contest shortly after the hour . The goal looked as if it could be decisive as Croatia trailed to an early Gareth Bale penalty in Wales with thirteen minutes left , before goals from Dejan Lovren and Eduardo turned the Swansea clash around and ensured Group A is likely to go all the way to the wire .	World champions Spain beat France 1-0 in Paris to regain Group I control England are held 1-1 in Montenegro as the Balkan nation maintain grip on Group H Belgium and Croatia both win to maintain thrilling Group A battle
Tehran 's police chief was deeply offended . "  It 's obscene , " he declared , and promptly arrested six young men and women who made a joyful fan video , dancing and lip-synching to the sound of Pharrell Williams ' huge hit , "  Happy . " Clap your hands if this sounds like one of the most ridiculous stories you ever heard . The six Iranians , wearing colorful clothes , stylish sun shades and bright bandanas , dared to dance to the beat of "  Happy . " The women did not cover their heads with the required hijab . At times , the men and women danced together , which is forbidden and punishable under the law . But elsewhere -- when the police are n't looking -- Iranian men and women dance together and see nothing wrong with it . But the police found it offensive . Iran state media called it "  vulgar . " The backlash against the arrests was forceful , and before long , the police released the dancers , although the director of the video apparently remains in custody . The group describes itself as "  Tehran Pharell Williams Fans , " which may strike the oversensitive authorities in the Islamic Republic as a highly subversive political affiliation . The nefarious motivation for making the video was revealed at the end of the clip , which reads , " ` Happy ' was an excuse to be happy . We enjoyed every second of making it . Hope it puts a smile on your face . " As the opposition National Iranian American Council noted , "  The irony that the Iranian youth were arrested for dancing to a song called ` Happy ' seems to be lost on the Iranian authorities . The Iranian people can not be forced to live in a world where  nuclear  enrichment is a right , but happiness is not . " More than 100,000 people have viewed the Iranian version of "  Happy , " which stirred up a bizarre political storm . Tehran Police Chief Hossein Sajedinia boasted of taking less than six hours to round up the evildoers and lock them up , but not before parading them before the television cameras , a stern warning to other young people who might be getting any crazy ideas in their heads ; no telling what may lurk in the minds of youngsters listening to Williams ' lyrics . Williams tweeted , "  It 's beyond sad these kids were arrested for trying to spread happiness . " Iranian President Hassan Rouhani posted his own tweet , apparently quoting a statement he made more than a year ago , " #Happiness is our people 's right . We should n't be too hard on behaviors caused by joy . 29/6/2013 . " Yes , it all seems incredible silly . Behind the absurdity , ongoing tensions are shaping life in Iran . There is a boiling over of frustration among a large part of the Iranian population fed up with the restrictions imposed by the regime . The "  Happy " video showed defiance from two groups who are chafing under the limits imposed by the authorities : young people and women . From the moment the Islamic revolution took power in Iran , women , who had enjoyed Western-style freedoms , started to endure new rules restricting their lives . The mandate to cover with a hijab stands as the most visible , ever-present and personally offensive of those rules . Every year for the last 35 , the arrival of summer brings a battle between women pushing against the rules in the Iranian heat and regime backers fighting against the loosening of restrictions . A few days ago , a Facebook page went up called StealthyFreedom . In it , Iranian women of all ages are posting pictures of themselves free from the restrictive clothing . The pictures show women dancing , smiling , with their arms extended , as if reaching for freedom , commenting on "  the feeling of wind blowing through every strand of hair . " One wrote , "  I am a 68-year-old woman ... I want to be free and comfortable in my own skin . " Another vows "  We will get freedom of dressing , singing , dancing . ... " On Friday , a counterdemonstration took to the streets of Tehran , demanding that authorities crack down on dress code violations and enforce the code on women . Protesters carried signs that showed a sexy red stiletto shoe with a red line across it . Clothing connotes free expression to some , a grave threat to others . The battle over social freedoms mirrors the contest in the government , where more conservative members are pushing back against Rouhani , who is considered a moderate by the Islamic Republic 's unique standards , and is trying to improve Iran 's international relations and image abroad . The arrest of the dancers came just after Rouhani gave a speech about Internet freedoms in which he declared "  We must recognize our citizens ' right to connect to the World Wide Web . " The President , who is not the most powerful leader in the country , asked "  Why are we so shaky ? Why have we cowered in a corner ... lest we take a bullet in this culture war ? " The speech was supposed to be broadcast on national television , but it was not . One of Rouhani 's aides reportedly blamed a former member of the Revolutionary Guard for blocking the speech from television . The Revolutionary Guard and the President both answer to the unelected Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei . There is no word so far on how Khamenei feels about Williams ' hit song and the dancers . No word , so far , on whether the Supreme Leader is happy .	Six Iranians are arrested and later released for making a fun video Frida Ghitis : It is ridiculous they got in trouble for dancing to the hit "  Happy " She says the incident is a sign of frustration with the limits imposed by Iran Ghitis : For one thing , women should n't have to wear restrictive clothing like hijab
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The mysterious disappearance of Flight AF 447 over the Atlantic Ocean has fueled speculation among aviation experts about what caused the state-of-the-art airliner to come down . An airliner is struck by lightning strike at Washington 's Dulles airport last year . According to Air France CEO Pierre-Henri Gourgeon , the Airbus A330-200 encountered heavy turbulence about 02:15 a.m. local time Monday  10:15 p.m. ET Sunday  , three hours after the jet carrying 228 people left Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , for Paris , France . At that point , the plane 's automatic system initiated a four-minute exchange of messages to the company 's maintenance computers , indicating "  several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down . " The jet , which was flying at 35,000 feet and at 521 mph , also sent a warning that it had lost pressure , the Brazilian air force said . Its last known contact occurred at 02:33 a.m. , the Brazilian air force spokesman added . The assumption is that these electrical problems led to a catastrophic failure of the aircraft 's controls . What brought Flight AF 447 down ? " Some experts have said that a lightning strike was a possibility , particularly since the plane disappeared in a storm-prone area along the equator known as the Intertropical Convergence zone  ITCZ  . This is where the trade winds of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres converge . The intense sun and warm water of the equator heats the air in the ITCZ , raising its humidity and making it buoyant . Aided by the convergence of the trade winds , the buoyant air rises , releasing the accumulated moisture in an almost constant series of thunderstorms . The airliner 's route " According to CNN 's Mari Ramos , these storms can reach altitudes of 52,000 ft -- way beyond the capacity of commercial airliners to fly over . Watch more about the weather systems " Retired airline pilot John Cox told CNN that modern aircraft receive a constant stream of real time weather data which allows them to plot a course around storms . "  Because safety is the paramount concern , airliners do n't fly into storms . They fly around them , " he said . "  The ITCZ is no different . Planes fly through it every day . "  At 8 miles per minute , modern jets can easily fly around storms . Even if they encounter turbulence , they 're designed to absorb it . " When lightning strikes a plane , the bolt typically hits a sharp part of it , such as a wing tip . Huge amounts of energy surge through the aircraft before exiting out of another sharp point , such as the tail . But sometimes high voltages can cause electrical damage if components are not well-grounded . Unlike other aircraft where the pilot 's controls are manually attached to the flaps and rudders , Airbus 330 airliners are equipped with a "  fly by wire " system that sends electronic signals from an onboard computer to move key control surfaces . Experts say that it is possible for this system and its back-up computers to be disabled by lightning . "  If you have a massive electrical problem it 's possible that you could cut off all the commands out to the control surfaces , " said aeronautics expert John Hansman . However , Kieran Daly , from the online aviation news service Air Transport Intelligence , told CNN that this scenario , while not impossible , is inconceivable . "  It 's more likely that lightning would cause a fire or punch a hole through the aircraft structure , " he said . "  It could be significant that the jet reported a loss of pressure . " He added that the aircraft would be able to continue without the fly-by-wire system . The "  trim tab , " which enables the pilot to manually manipulate controls such as the rudder , would allow the crew to fly the aircraft safely . "  Pilots are routinely trained for these kinds of events in a simulator , " he said . Former Airbus pilot John Wiley said on average every airliner is hit by a strike once a year . "  They do n't go down , " he said . According to Air France , the captain of Flight AF 447 had a record of 11,000 flight hours and had already flown 1,700 hours on Airbus A330/A340 aircraft . Of the two first officers , one had flown 3,000 flight hours  800 of which on the Airbus A330/A340  and the other 6,600  2,600 on the Airbus A330/A340  . The aircraft had totaled 18,870 flight hours and went into service on 18 April 2005 . Its last maintenance check in the hangar took place on 16 April 2009 .	Air France Airbus A330-200 encountered heavy turbulence CEO : "  Several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down " Some experts have said that a lightning strike was a possible cause Flight 447 , traveling from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , was carrying 228 people
CNN  -- I never had the chance to meet Maya Angelou . But she has been in my life all along . In some of my darkest moments , her prose was a lit candle . When I felt alone , her words were my company . The times when I saw the glass ceiling hovering over my career , suffocating my joy , turning my hard-fought acceptance of my truth into a self-loathing cage from which I saw no escape , Maya Angelou came to me and said she knew why I sing . As much as she is known as a great defender of women 's rights and lyrical curator of the black experience , I found so many of her words transcended the plight of any one particular group . She was so adept at linking us all through the human condition . I know I 'll never be as good a writer as she was . But it 's because of the effect her gift continues to have on me that I continue to try . I never had the chance to meet Maya Angelou . But her poem "  Phenomenal Woman " found me . Hiding . Scared . Frozen in my seat decades ago when a well-meaning English teacher asked me to read a few stanzas out loud . A teenage boy is not supposed to say such things . A closeted teenage boy may be found out . Filled with anxiety , I abruptly refused and after a look , the teacher moved on , picking another student . Food , friends and freedom : Nikki Giovanni remembers Maya Angelou But Maya Angelou stayed right there with me . "  Phenomenal Woman " stayed right there with me . The images of the words resting in the recesses of my mind , until saying "  I 'm a woman / Phenomenally . / Phenomenal woman , / That 's me " no longer threatened to define or paralyze me . Instead , when I finally had the courage , I found her words liberated me from the arbitrary rules of gender normality and my own internalized homophobia . I do n't think I 've ever shared that story with anyone before . Even as I was writing that passage , I was acutely aware that some readers will mock me for this disclosure . And it 's because of Dr. Angelou that I smile at this prospect . "  You have no idea who you will inform because all of us are caged birds , have been and will be again , " she said in 1998 at a fundraiser for the Human Rights Campaign . "  Caged by somebody else 's ignorance . Caged because of someone else 's small-mindedness . Caged because of someone else 's fear , hate and sometimes , caged by our own lack of courage . " Maya Angelou remembered by those she inspired An article in USA Today , written about her 80th birthday , touched on her rape at 7 by her mother 's boyfriend . He was later murdered by her uncles . She stopped talking to anyone but her brothers for five years because she felt responsible for his death . She told the newspaper what her grandmother said about her silence : " ` Sister ' -- she called me sister -- ` Momma do n't care what other people say about you . Momma knows when you and the Lord are ready , you goin ' to be a teacher . ' " The financial despair of newspapers , the decline of the neighborhood bookstore , the drop in book sales all suggest that the written word has lost its value . While it is true that electronic media have changed the vessel , that should never be mistaken for a decline in the value of the cargo it carries . Whether it be on a page of a magazine , a handwritten note or an e-mail , the power of the written word is still an inescapable force that can wound or heal . Deceive or reveal . Disregard or save . Maya Angelou : Some of her most powerful speeches Consider the last thing Maya Angelou wrote : "  Listen to yourself and in that quietude you might hear the voice of God " -- a tweet that is every bit as clear as any line found from her 1971 collection , "  Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water ` fore I Die . " I never had the chance to meet Maya Angelou . But when I needed encouragement , she came to me . In poems and in the songs of her album "  Miss Calypso . " She came to me through the familiar smell of aged paper that erupts from a book that has n't been opened in quite a long time . She came to me when I met a subtle , homophobic slight at the office with a smile and knowing look that said , "  You may write me down in history / With your bitter , twisted lies , / You may trod me in the very dirt / But still , like dust , I 'll rise . " I never had the chance to meet Maya Angelou . Not in this life anyway . But her words have always been a constant companion to me and I pray they will remain so until the day our two souls meet . And on that day I will say to her with tears in my eyes , "  Hello , dear friend . " Opinion : Maya Angelou : The definition of a phenomenal woman	LZ Granderson found inspiration in his darkest moments from Maya Angelou 's writings Granderson : Despite decline of books , the written word is still powerful and can heal Her last written words : "  Listen to yourself and in that quietude you might hear the voice of God "
In Memphis there 's only one person called "  the king : " the late Elvis Presley . But this weekend , the city had two princes -- William and Harry . The grandsons of the Queen of England visited Memphis to see their friend , Guy Pelly , tie the knot with native Memphian Elizabeth "  Lizzy " Wilson , CNN affiliate WREG reported . She 's the granddaughter of the man who founded the Holiday Inn chain . Her new husband is a London nightclub owner . On Saturday , royal fans lined the road leading to the the Memphis Hunt and Polo Club , where the wedding was held , to catch a glimpse of the princes . "  I 'm a big Prince Harry fan ! " Darla Chapman told WREG . "  I 'm single ! I heard he 's single ! " Alas , the princes came in through a different entrance , so Chapman and the others never got a chance to see them . But the young princes got out a good bit in Memphis . On Thursday , they dined at the Rendezvous , one of the city 's best-known barbecue restaurants . Dressed casually in jeans , they dashed inside as security held back the commoners pressing for a look . On Friday they paid a visit to Presley 's home , Graceland , the Memphis version of Buckingham Palace . "  It was pretty awesome , " local Nicholas Pegues said of the visit . "  A once in a lifetime event ! " Prince Harry and Cressida Bonas call it quits after two years	The princes ' friend , Guy Pelly , married Memphis resident Elizabeth "  Lizzy " Wilson They attracted a crowd when they dined at the Rendezvous restaurant On Friday , the princes paid a visit to Graceland , Elvis Presley 's home The wedding was held Saturday at the Memphis Hunt and Polo Club
CNN  -- Being the leader and second-richest person in one of the most beautiful and cultured nations on Earth might sound cushy , but Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is having a rough year . Already the subject of intense criticism over his personal life and management style , Berlusconi took another blow Sunday when a man police are calling "  mentally unstable " smacked the Italian prime minister in the face with a souvenir replica of a cathedral . Berlusconi , 73 , who was in his hometown of Milan stumping for a political ally , suffered broken teeth and a fractured nose . His alleged assailant , Massimo Tartaglia , is being held by Milanese authorities , who believe he acted alone . As he has done in the past after nonphysical attacks , Berlusconi blamed political opponents . "  What I can tell you is that there has been such a buildup of hatred toward the premier , and this is not good , " Berlusconi spokesman Paolo Buonaiuti said . "  This campaign of hatred has been building quite rapidly recently , and I am not surprised that what happened tonight took place . " The prime minister scores highly in polls gauging Italian popular opinion , though he has been tried on various charges 17 times since taking office in 1994 . The charges include corruption , false accounting and tax fraud . Berlusconi has said he did nothing wrong and accused magistrates of conducting a witch hunt . He also noted that he has never been convicted . In some cases , he was found guilty but won on appeal . Berlusconi was elected to his third term as premier in April 2008 , about two months after his trial on corruption charges was postponed until after the election . His ability to maneuver through political crises has prompted a prominent journalist to liken him to a puppeteer , saying he is popular because he 's a skilled populist . Berlusconi is "  a man who pulls the most elementary strings of the public opinion -- a public opinion , which in Italy in these times , prefers simple paths , " said Giulio Anselmi , chairman of ANSA , Italy 's leading news wire . Even by Berlusconi 's standards , 2009 has been a tumultuous year , as his second wife has filed for divorce and allegations of corruption and infidelity continue to surface . This month 's Rolling Stone Italy cheekily declared him "  Rock Star of the Year . " Editor Carlo Antonelli released a statement saying the prime minister made rockers Keith Richards and Rod Stewart look like "  schoolboys . " "  This year the choice was unanimous for his obvious merits due to a lifestyle for which the words , rock 'n' roll , fall short , " Antonelli 's statement said . Watch how Berlusconi was hit at a rally The prime minister 's second wife , Veronica Lario , whom he married in 1990 , filed for divorce in May after news reports that he attended a birthday party for 18-year-old Neapolitan model Noemi Letizia , with whom he was accused of having an improper relationship . Berlusconi called the allegations "  slander " and the girl 's family , longtime friends of the prime minister , also deny there was anything improper . Lario , the mother of three of Berlusconi 's five children , is asking for about $ 70 million a year from the prime minister , whom Forbes magazine ranked this year as No. 70 on its list of richest people , with an estimated net worth of $ 6.5 billion . More allegations followed the divorce filing , including claims that women were paid to attend parties at the prime minister 's various homes . Berlusconi denied those allegations , telling the Italian magazine "  Chi " he would never pay for sex because it would dampen the "  the pleasure of the conquest . " In June , he went to court to block the publication of hundreds of photos from his seaside villa in Sardinia , saying they posed "  an aggressive intrusion into my private life . " A Spanish paper ran some of the photos , showing scantily clad women at Berlusconi 's villa and reporting that the premier was the subject of an investigation into whether he used official Italian aircraft to ferry guests to his villa . Berlusconi admitted using government airplanes to ferry guests , but an investigation found no wrongdoing on the premier 's part . In October , old allegations of political scandal re-emerged when Italy 's Constitutional Court overturned a law that shielded presidents , prime ministers and the leaders of both houses of parliament from prosecution . The court said the constitution requires all Italians to be equal before the law . Berlusconi had pushed for the immunity law after his 2008 re-election , and the court 's action opened Berlusconi to prosecution on allegations that he paid British tax attorney David Mills $ 600,000 to provide false testimony in two court cases in the 1990s . Mills was convicted , but is appealing . The Constitutional Court 's ruling also lifted Berlusconi 's immunity from prosecution on charges that his company , Mediaset , failed to pay $ 45 million in taxes between 2000 and 2003 . The latter case was postponed until January because the prime minister was unable to attend hearings , but Berlusconi has been outspoken in his defense against all of the allegations . He said he believes he is on trial for political reasons and has called magistrates "  communist bullies . " He also has declared himself the most persecuted man "  in the entire history of the world . " The Italian leader has often blamed Italy 's ills on the left wing . He does n't enjoy leading the country , he said , "  because very often there is a lot of dirty dealing . " He leads out of a sense of sacrifice and duty and because he is the "  only leader able to hold the center-right together , " he has told CNN . But Berlusconi seems aware that his popularity and populism allow him to continue to hold sway in this nation of about 58 million . Though his popularity recently has seen a slight dip among women , he routinely garners approval ratings of 50 percent or higher . "  When I go around , it 's embarrassing to see the affection showered upon me , " Berlusconi told CNN in October . "  I know that people can change their opinions ... but I must say that I just note the fact that I am close to the heart of many Italians and they show this to me very often . "	Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi has blamed political opponents for physical , nonphysical attacks Rolling Stone Italy : PM makes rockers Keith Richards , Rod Stewart look like "  schoolboys " Divorce sought , corruption and infidelity alleged as court lifts immunity from prosecution Spokesman says he 's not surprised PM was attacked amid "  campaign of hatred "
CNN  -- Aimee Copeland on Tuesday reached another milestone by being upgraded from critical to serious condition at the Georgia hospital where she has valiantly fought a condition caused by flesh-eating bacteria . According to Doctors Hospital of Augusta , both critical and serious conditions include a patient having vital signs that are unstable and not within normal limits . Whereas a patient in critical condition may be unconscious and have indicators that are "  unfavorable , " a person in serious condition is acutely ill with indicators that are "  questionable . " Copeland , 24 , late last month began breathing on her own and talking for the first time in weeks , and even cracked jokes . The bacteria led surgeons to amputate her hands , part of her abdomen , one of her legs and her remaining foot in an effort to stay ahead of the disease . The young Snellville , Georgia , woman 's ordeal began May 1 , when she was riding a makeshift zip line across the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta . The line snapped , and she fell and got a gash in her left calf that took 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room . Doctors eventually determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the flesh-devouring bacterium Aeromonas hydrophila . Surviving flesh-eating bacteria Since then , her father , Andy , has written regularly about her situation , and the psychology department at the University of West Georgia -- where Aimee has been pursuing her master 's degree in psychology -- also has posted regular updates online . Family counters flesh-eating bacteria with faith	Aimee Copeland is now listed in serious condition Copeland , 24 , is battling necrotizing fasciitis caused by flesh-devouring bacteria She has been hospitalized for more than a month
Did crawling into the grungy mall Santa 's lap as a child send you into peals of laughter instead of hysterical sobs ? Did you love the sight of rock-hard fruit cake ? Did you start your countdown to the most glorious day of the year in mid-August ? Then you just may be a Christmas addict . And if the usual flow of sickly sweet candy canes and maniacal Christmas songs does n't quench your passion for the season , any of these places will fill you with Christmas until the tinsel is pouring out of your ears and you 're begging for mercy . North Pole Experience , Arizona Flagstaff , Arizona 's , North Pole Experience may be as close to the real North Pole as you ever get , and trust us : This place is Christmas to the core . Take a trolley ride away from the all of the "  sugar 's bad for you " and "  commercialism is ruining our society " humbugs and escape deep into the fir trees to arrive at the brightly painted Santa 's village . Let your imagination transform you into a squeaky elf as you try your hand at toy making in the elves ' workshop and then ensure that everything looks up to par by doing "  quality control . " Swoon over the magic that somehow delivers all of those presents on Christmas Eve with a peek at Santa 's treasured sleigh . When you do n't think you can take any more magic -- we know , we know , that could never happen -- drop by Mrs. Claus ' Bakery for some warm , gooey cookies . And , of course , Santa . You . Can . See . Santa . Christmas Market in Ingolfstorg Square , Reykjavik , Iceland If one Santa just is n't enough holiday spirit for you , visit Iceland 's Reykjavik , where 13 Santas or "  Yule Lads " arrive during the Lenten season . If you 're lucky , you can even spot a glimpse of the Yule Lads ' troll mother at the Christmas Village Festival as she sneaks through the crowd . The festival is full of traditional Icelandic holiday culinary delights like homemade flaky pastries and rich hot chocolate . Do your best to restrain your tapping toes as cozy accordion or jazz music keeps the Christmas spirit going strong and festival-goers peruse stalls glittering with tiny lights . Make sure to peer into the sky for a view of the Imagine Peace Tower , a stunning blue beam of light illuminating the sky . It was created by Yoko Ono to honor John Lennon 's memory and to promote peace and joy -- an important message whatever the season . Christmas in the Scottish Highlands , Scotland There 's nothing more picturesque than a train chugging through the Scottish Highlands in the crisp winter air . This Christmas , wind through the Highlands aboard a chugging locomotive . Traverse the glittering lochs to admire the rugged landscape . Enjoy having a designated driver in the conductor after you visit Oban Distillery , one of Scotland 's oldest sources of single malt Scotch whiskey .  Much fancier than the annual holiday tradition of watching Uncle Joe get blitzed on Budweiser . Stop and do some last-minute gift buying during your stop at the Scottish Wool Center , where rich tweeds and cashmeres abound . Once the moon is out , laugh with your fellow passengers over hearty holiday meals while enjoying toe-tappin ' live Gaelic folk music and dancing . Lucknam Park , Wiltshire , England If you just ca n't even handle any part of the real world during Christmastime , bundle yourself away in a British mansion for a weekend of inescapable Christmas festivities . Start the getaway off with a proper English tea , and then sip crisp champagne while being serenaded by the parish choir . Spend the snowy English nights curled up by the massive fireplace feasting on mulled wine and mince pies until your satisfied stomach begins to resemble Old Saint Nick 's . On Christmas Day , an ornate and jolly Father Christmas will pull up in front of the mansion , perched in a Victorian horse-drawn carriage . After all presents have been distributed , sit where Santa himself sat as you glide around the estate grounds in the snow . Christmas in Ice , North Pole , Alaska Step away from patting down the lopsided snowman in your front yard and travel to the North Pole to combine two of the best parts of the holiday season : ice and Christmas lights . Alaska 's Christmas in Ice park is literally a winter wonderland sure to please even the most diehard of Christmas fans . Bundle up in all of the Santa/reindeer/snowman / snowflake-adorned scarves and gloves and sweaters that you can find and waddle through the maze of intricate ice sculptures glowing with brightly colored lights . Whether you 're all about those reindeer or more of a Nativity scene fan , Christmas in Ice is the perfect photo op for taking the most Christmasy profile picture ever . Naturally , you 'll want to share your Christmas spirit with everyone you know to make sure that Santa 's sleigh will definitely run when it 's stocking time . Because really , who does n't love throwing up bunny ears beside a giant red and blue polar bear ? Once you 've "  cheese "  ed to your heart 's content , hop on a sled and speed down one of the many neon-lit ice slides . Nutcracker Tea , Carmel Valley Ranch , Carmel , California Fluffy rhinestone tutus , massive graceful leaps , rich Tchaikovsky score ... does this sound like heaven to you ? Even the most die-hard Christmas fan might find nod off during a traditional rendition of "  The Nutcracker , " but not so with this festive event . Enjoy champagne and a complete high tea while watching Dance Kids of Monterey County tell the classic Christmas story , complete with swordfighting as well as stellar dancing . Jump into the magic and learn to perform an entire scene from the ballet , whether you have two left feet or a background in dance . It may be fat sugar plums or it may be your absolutely horrific pirouettes , but something will certainly be dancing in your head after a magical night at the Nutcracker Tea . ICEHOTEL Christmas Escape , Sweden Obsessed with Christmas ? You physically ca n't get much closer to winter than you can at the ICEHOTEL in Sweden . Translation : You will be sleeping in a bed made of ice in a room made of ice in a hotel made of ice . To combat the chilly temperatures , guests snuggle into high-quality sleeping bags and cover up with reindeer skins . The hotel 's Christmas package is packed full of traditional Swedish foods and activities sure to put you in the Christmas spirit . After a day full of participating in the Christmas Games  ax-throwing , anyone ?  and dancing around the ice Christmas tree , feast on spicy gingerbread , herring and meatballs at the Christmas Smorgasbord . Cayman Islands When you ca n't stomach another candy cane and just want to punch Santa in his big old belly , try a non-Christmassy holiday detox getaway . After weeks of snowmen and runny noses and the neverending struggle to de-layer yourself whenever you enter a building , escape from all of the holiday hoopla and jet off to the Cayman Islands to thaw out your bones . To see some trees that are still covered with green leaves , visit the Mastic Reserve , where you can explore the Mangrove wetland and other habitats . Visit the Cayman Turtle Farm to see sharks and eels as well as massive turtles . The best part is that you do n't have to just stand with your nose pressed to the glass . The farm has a touch tank wading pool where visitors can literally cuddle with the cutest baby turtles they 've ever seen . When you 've had your fill of mini turtles , take some time to just stretch out on the beach with a drink and a smile on your face because you know that everyone back home is freezing their butts off .	Quench your Christmas addiction with these festive ideas Spend the night in a hotel made out of ice Travel through the Scottish countryside on a train Help elves build toys at Santa 's workshop
Thursday is judgment day for the Affordable Care Act , with the U.S. Supreme Court expected to release its long awaited ruling on the constitutionality of the law . Whichever way the Court rules , the decision will be instantly framed in the political context . Its potential impact on the presidential race , on the upcoming Congressional elections and on the trajectory of the political parties will be the subject of endless analysis and debate . The electoral handicapping will regrettably overlook the decision 's real-world impact on those whom the law is intended to help . At stake in the opinions of nine justices is the well-being of millions of Americans living with chronic diseases such as cancer . They wake up every day knowing that if they lose their job , if their employer decides to drop their health coverage , or if their insurance company raises premiums , they may be unable to get the lifesaving care they need . The debate over health care has been epically divisive . But it is almost universally accepted that the existing health care system is badly in need of repair . People with cancer and other life-threatening chronic diseases have long been routinely denied coverage outright , charged exorbitant costs for care and forced to spend their savings to get the care they need , simply because they have a pre-existing condition . The law addresses this national moral failing with numerous provisions that help to expand access to quality , affordable health care , including those that prohibit insurance companies from denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions , charging patients higher premiums because of their health status and suddenly revoking coverage when a person falls ill with a disease such as cancer . The law also empowers consumers to make informed choices about their health coverage , requiring insurance companies to issue brief and simple explanations of what their plans cover and creating online marketplaces , or "  exchanges , " where people can compare plans and choose the one that is best for them . These provisions , which have received broad bipartisan support , hang in the balance before the court . So , too , do popular provisions that are currently enabling students and young workers to remain on their parent 's health plan until age 26 , ensuring coverage for children with pre-existing conditions and eliminating arbitrary dollar limits . The court 's decision will determine whether the 60,000 people with pre-existing conditions who enrolled in the law 's new high-risk plan after going six months or more without insurance will continue to receive coverage . It will either continue or end the new requirement that people receive proven preventive screenings , such as mammograms and colonoscopies , at no cost to them . It will decide whether millions of low-income and disabled people with cancer or at risk for cancer will be eligible for quality health coverage under Medicaid . The pundits will have ample opportunity to pontificate about the ruling 's political implications . But no one should lose sight of the impact on those who are most in need of quality care . For people and families battling cancer or another serious chronic disease , the upcoming ruling is about much more than politics . It could mean the difference between life and death .	John Seffrin : Court decision on health reform must be viewed in terms of impact on the sick He says millions with chronic diseases like cancer benefit from Affordable Care Act He says if court rules against it , they will return to days of coverage denial , high costs Seffrin : Act keeps insurance companies honest , young people covered . It 's not about politics
CNN  -- Dutch Prince Johan Friso died Monday , more than 17 months after he suffered a severe brain injury in an avalanche , the Dutch royal family announced on its website . Prince Friso , 44 , was in what the family called "  a state of minimal consciousness " after he was caught in an avalanche at an Austrian ski resort in February 2012 . He was skiing with friends outside the bounds of the Lech am Arlberg ski resort when the avalanche hit him , and he suffered a lack of oxygen while he was under the snow before being rescued , officials said . His doctor at the time said he had suffered brain damage . After receiving treatment in Austria , he was transferred to a London hospital , where he stayed for more than a year . He was discharged last month and was sent to The Hague , where he continued to receive medical care at home . His brother , Willem-Alexander , is king of the Netherlands . People we 've lost in 2013	Dutch Prince Johan Friso suffered a brain injury in an avalanche in February 2012 After being treated in Austria , he stayed at a London hospital for more than a year He was discharged last month and was sent to The Hague , where he was treated at home
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British TV channels could advertise abortion services for the first time under new advertising rules proposed Thursday by an ad industry group . The new proposals will also allow condoms to be advertised more widely on television . The Broadcast Committee of Advertising Practice , the industry body responsible for writing and enforcing advertising rules in Britain , said the commercials would be for pregnancy advisory services that give information about a range of options to pregnant women , including abortion . If an organization does not offer information about abortion , it would have to make that clear in the ad , BCAP spokeswoman Lynsay Taffe said . Abortion clinics , which require referrals from doctors or hospitals , would not be allowed to advertise under the proposed rules , Taffe said . There would be no restrictions on when such ads could air on British television , she said , but programmers would have to keep the sensitive topic in mind and not schedule the ads around religious programs , for example . "  It 's a sensitive product , so it would have to be scheduled sensitively , " Taffe told CNN . The proposal is among a number of updates to current advertising standards that the Committee for Advertising Practice and BCAP , its broadcasting arm , published Thursday after an 18-month review . "  Each year the British public  sees  millions of advertisements , many of which are memorable , " the committee said . "  The advertising codes aim to make sure that they are memorable for the right reasons . " The public now has until June 19 to comment on the proposals before they come into force , likely in 2010 , the committee said . The new proposals also contain a change on advertising condoms on television . Under current rules , condoms generally can not be advertised on TV before 9 p.m. in order to protect younger viewers , the committee said . New rules would relax the restrictions on advertising condoms , with the only requirement that they not be shown around programs intended for children younger than 10 . The change came after Joyce Gould , a member of the House of Lords , requested the change and noted that Britain had the highest teenage pregnancy rate in Europe along with spiraling rates of sexually transmitted diseases , the committee said . Gould reported a survey that showed young people believed TV was one of the most effective ways of encouraging them to use condoms . "  The presence of condom advertisements on television continues to be a subject of complaint to the  Advertising Standards Authority  , but numbers are very low , " the committee said . "  Nevertheless , BCAP has to balance public sensitivities against a public health problem that is clearly urgent . "	British TV channels could advertise abortion services under new proposals Industry group says commercials would be for pregnancy advisory services They give information about options for pregnant women , including abortion
CNN  -- As many as 200 foreign fighters affiliated with al Qaeda may now be hiding in southern Somalia , according to the latest assessments by the U.S. military and intelligence community . Two U.S. military officials confirmed the estimate to CNN , emphasizing it is only an estimate because of the lack of direct intelligence information from the ground . It comes as a senior U.S. official separately confirmed to CNN that updated plans have been put into place for U.S. special operations forces to conduct operations against al Qaeda personnel in Somalia , if targets can be identified and located . All three officials declined to be identified because the information involves intelligence matters . The United States believes the foreign fighters include Afghans , Iraqis , Pakistanis , Saudis , and Yemenis as well as nationals from several African countries , the officials said . It is believed many of these fighters have been part of the longstanding pipeline of fighters that operated in Afghanistan and Iraq and has now been diverted to Somalia , they said . The estimate of 200 fighters does not include an unknown number of ethnic Somalis who are believed to have traveled to Somalia from Europe , the United States and other African countries , they said . In assessing the threat posed by the presence of foreign fighters , one of the U.S. military officials said the most dangerous are perhaps as many as two dozen "  subject matter experts " from Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq , and Saudi Arabia who are teaching bomb-making and other small arms tactics in camps across southern Somalia . The balance of the foreign fighters is believed to be operating with the Al-Shabaab organization , an al Qaeda affiliate group in Somalia that is fighting the government and African Union peacekeepers in an effort to take control of the country . One official said Somalia is now "  the ultimate safe haven . " The official added that the United States must operate on the assumption that the core group of foreign fighters are training others to conduct attacks against western targets in East Africa , as well as training individuals to attack targets in the United States . "  They have goals beyond the Somalia border , " one official said . The United States has observed a number of ad hoc training camps in southern Somalia , the officials said . Generally , they operate for no more than three months before fighters move to other locations because they know they are likely to be observed by U.S. intelligence satellites or reconnaissance drones flying overhead , officials said . Fighters are using existing areas like old army camps , buildings , and even cemeteries to disguise the real purpose of their activities , the officials said . The top al Qaeda operative still being sought in Somalia is Fazul Abdullah Mohammed , long wanted for his alleged role in the 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . He is believed to be moving between the remote border regions of Somalia and Kenya , the officials said . In September 2009 , U.S. commandos killed Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan in a helicopter attack on his vehicle convoy after hunting him for years . Nabhan was seen as perhaps a key leader of al Qaeda operations in East Africa and , according to U.S. officials , it is not clear who , if anyone , has taken his place .	U.S. officials say as many as 200 foreign fighters may be in Somalia Plans in place for U.S. Special Forces to attack al Qaeda in Somalia Ethnic Somalis from Europe also believed to be operating there Somalia is now ` ultimate safe haven ' for fighters , U.S. official says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- If you 're a collection of animals trying to travel the many thousands of miles from the island of Madagascar to the island of Manhattan , it 's fastest to fly -- but then you risk crashing on the continent of Africa , as happens in "  Madagascar : Escape 2 Africa . " Ben Stiller , Chris Rock , Jada Pinkett Smith and David Schwimmer return for "  Madagascar : Escape 2 Africa . " But if you 're a collection of Hollywood stars voicing the characters in the movie -- including Ben Stiller  Alex the lion  , Chris Rock  Marty the zebra  , David Schwimmer  Melman the giraffe  and Jada Pinkett Smith  Gloria the hippo  -- it 's a matter of rolling out of bed , getting to a recording studio and letting your voice do the work . "  Madagascar : Escape 2 Africa , " the sequel to the 2005 film "  Madagascar , " includes Alex finding his family , Marty finding other zebras , challenges to Melman 's relationship with Gloria , and those devilish penguins getting in yet more trouble . It opens Friday . CNN spoke with Stiller , Rock , Schwimmer and Pinkett Smith about their hygiene , enjoying the film with children and how to get on the D-list . The following is an edited version of those interviews . CNN : I love seeing you guys together . -LSB- But -RSB- I always think when I see you in these animated flicks , this is like home for you guys . Ben Stiller : Really ? Well that 's good . Chris Rock : Thank you . Thank you . Thank you much . Watch the cast act like animals " David Schwimmer : As an actor , it 's a pretty cushy job in that you do n't have to worry about how you look when you go into work . There 's no makeup or hair or wardrobe . You just show up and just put everything into ... your imagination and your voice . It 's challenging but it 's really fun . Stiller : You know , any job you do n't have to shave to go into is nice . Rock : Any job where you do n't have to bathe is also good . CNN : Well , other people are in the studio , you have to bathe . Stiller : You 're partitioned off , you know . Rock : I 'm supposed to smell like an animal , right ? CNN : What about you , -LSB- Jada -RSB- ? Is n't it great when we do n't have to get our hair all done up ? Just go in . Jada Pinkett Smith : Yes . I was telling my makeup artist -- my face is sore from all the brushing and yes , all the tapping -LSB- to look glamorous for premieres -RSB- . ... I love that there 's no makeup and no hair -LSB- to make an animated film -RSB- . CNN : What are your kids saying about this ? I know you 're a super cool dad for this . Rock : My kids are , you know , it does n't take much to impress your kids . You know , just being there , it 's like "  Hey , he came back . " Seems to be enough . "  Wow , he 's home . Get out of here . " CNN : The expectation is low ? Rock : Yeah . But my kids loved the movie . Most kids kind of loved the original . Stiller : Yeah , yeah . Its nice to be in something your kids can enjoy and be a part of , you know . Pinkett Smith : My kids , you know , they do n't give major props just because . CNN : Oh , you got to earn it . Pinkett Smith : Yeah , I got to earn it big time . CNN : There are some really top-notch people -LSB- in the film -RSB- . ... Usually you do n't have a great cast like that signing on all together . I think they 're all A-listers , is what we call it . No D-listers in this one . Stiller : They just made a rule : No D-listers . They said you know , only -LSB- A-listers -RSB- . Rock : Is there really a D-list ? Stiller : I do n't know , is there ? CNN : Oh yes . You 're not on it , Chris , of course . You and Ben are definitely not on the D-list . Rock : The D-list . Whoa , God dog it . Stiller : I want it to be OK to be on the D-list . Because someday , eventually , someday , everybody 's going to be on the D-list . CNN : You do a reality show , you 're on the D-list . Stiller : Oh , there you go . That 's not going to happen with me . Reality , you 're going to do a reality show ? Rock : I 'm going to do a reality show where there 's just -LSB- going to -RSB- be doing junkets .	"  Madagascar " stars return for "  Madagascar : Escape 2 Africa " Chris Rock : "  Any job where you do n't have to bathe is " good Ben Stiller : It 's nice to be in something your kids can enjoy Stiller , Rock , David Schwimmer , Jada Pinkett Smith do characters ' voices
CNN  -- Paul Williams , who founded the groundbreaking music magazine Crawdaddy as a 17-year-old student in 1966 , has died , according to his wife , singer Cindy Lee Berryhill . "  Rock-writer Paul S Williams , author and creator of CRAWDADDY magazine ,  and my husband  , passed away last night 10:30 pm PST while his oldest son was holding his hand and by his side , " Berryhill wrote on Facebook . "  It was a gentle and peaceful passing . " Williams was 64 . Williams was a student at Swarthmore College when he put out the first issue of Crawdaddy in January 1966 . He was already well-versed in self-publishing , having put out a science fiction fanzine when he was just 14 . Crawdaddy was something new in the world of pop music : a magazine that took rock 'n' roll seriously . There had been magazines devoted to folk music -- Broadside and Sing Out ! , both of which Williams credited as inspirations -- and there was Downbeat for jazz . But rock 'n' roll was still considered music for kids . The music was less than a decade removed from Frank Sinatra calling it "  sung , played and written , for the most part , by cretinous goons . " Williams had n't been a rock fan long himself , he told rockcritics.com in an interview . "  I was still not taking any of it seriously because I was a folk snob . Then I got really excited about ` Rolling Stones Now ! ' and the single ` The Last Time , ' and the Kinks ' ` You Really Got Me ' and the Beatles ' ` Ticket to Ride , ' " he said . That was 1965 . The magazine soon published writers such as Jon Landau , now Bruce Springsteen 's manager and confidant ; Sandy Pearlman , who produced Blue Oyster Cult ; and Richard Meltzer . It also inspired a young man in San Francisco to try his own rock music magazine . His name was Jann Wenner , and his magazine was Rolling Stone . Williams left his magazine at the end of 1968 , having grown tired of the business end . He did occasional reviews for Rolling Stone -- he gave the Kinks ' "  Village Green Preservation Society " a rave in 1969 -- as well as an article on science-fiction writer Philip K. Dick . The two became friends , and Williams served as Dick 's literary executor when the science-fiction writer died in 1982 . He also visited John Lennon and Yoko Ono during their 1969 Montreal bed-in , and sang on "  Give Peace a Chance . " After Dick 's death , Williams began the Philip K. Dick Society and edited its newsletter , which became famous as well , according to Williams ' website . He continued with music scholarship by writing three books about Bob Dylan and articles on Brian Wilson and Neil Young , the website said . According to the website , Williams suffered a brain injury in a bicycle accident in 1995 and was unable to continue writing . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Williams ' Crawdaddy magazine was one of the first to take rock 'n' roll seriously He started the magazine when he was a 17-year-old college student in 1966 After leaving the magazine , he wrote three books about Bob Dylan
CNN  -- Sujit Bhattacharya knew he felt sluggish and had trouble putting on his socks and shoes . One day , when he tried on a pair of size 30 shorts , his wife pointed out that they fit only under his belly . Sujit Bhattacharya says losing weight has improved his frame of mind . He is shown in 2006 , left , and 2007 . Yet Bhattacharya , of Coppell , Texas , never paid attention to his weight problem until his doctor told him he had high cholesterol in summer 2006 . His friends also told him that he had become heavy and needed to do something about it . The feedback was upsetting , he acknowledged , but the combination of his friends ' prodding and the cholesterol numbers motivated him to start trimming down his 193-pound frame . "  I needed some tough love : things I did n't want to hear but needed to hear , " Bhattacharya said . He researched how to lose weight extensively on the Internet , including CNN.com 's health section . He learned that 3,500 calories add up to one pound of weight and tried to figure out how to eat to decrease his daily caloric intake . Instead of eating a few large meals every day , he ate six small meals , keeping track of how many calories he consumed . He had been eating more than 2,500 calories a day , perhaps 3,000 , so he cut this down to 1,500 calories a day . That meant losing a pound every two or three days . "  As long as you know how many calories you need and how many calories you eat , it 's just math , " he said . He also included more fruits and vegetables in his diet and ate fewer fatty meats . For exercise , he changed his routine from three days a week of limited cardio and heavy weights to six days a week with the same heavy weights but increased cardio . In six months , he lost 40 pounds . Since then , he 's put on about 5 pounds of "  good " or muscle weight but has otherwise sustained his new physique through diet and exercise . Today , at age 39 , he said he 's starting to look more like when he was in high school . Losing weight has improved Bhattacharya 's overall frame of mind , he said . He also noticed that he does n't get colds or the flu and fights off infections faster than before . iReport.com : Share your success stories Sometimes Bhattacharya wonders why he did n't start losing weight earlier and can say only that he felt "  fat , dumb and happy . " "  I did n't understand what I was doing was hurting me , " he said . He actively encourages friends to try his weight loss method . One friend lost 20 pounds following his advice . See more photos of weight loss success stories from iReport.com " "  What I tell friends is : You 've got to have a burning platform , something to make you start , a goal or desire , " he said . "  For me , it was the bad cholesterol test and friends . Someone else may want to fit into a bikini in the summer . " Dietitians say they would encourage others to follow Bhattacharya 's example of reducing calories and spreading them more throughout the day instead of eating big meals . If you try it , make sure you have enough energy , feel good while doing it and eat foods you enjoy so you can stick to it long-term , said Dawn Jackson Blatner , a registered dietitian and spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association . In fact , Bhattacharya did twice as well as the average person in a weight loss program , Blatner said . He lost 20 percent of his body weight in six months , beating the national average of 10 percent . Tara Gidus , ADA spokeswoman and team dietitian for the NBA 's Orlando Magic , recommends that women never eat fewer than 1,200 calories and men no fewer than 1,500 calories per day . She typically does not recommend cutting out 1,000 calories at a time , "  but if someone is really motivated to lose weight and they eat snacks that are filling in between meals , then they can cut a significant number of calories , lose weight and not feel overly hungry , " she said . Blatner said she would also encourage anyone who wants a drastic diet change to consult a doctor . Bhattacharya emphasizes that anyone can shed unwanted pounds as long as he or she compares the number of calories needed to maintain weight and the number of calories he or she eats . "  I firmly believe it is not hard to lose weight , " he said .	Sujit Bhattacharya , 39 , lost 40 pounds in six months He ate 1,500 calories per day in the form of six small meals Dietitians say they would recommend his method , but check with doctor first iReport.com : Share your weight-loss success story
CNN  -- Time magazine on Wednesday named Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke as its 2009 Person of the Year , calling him "  the most powerful nerd on the planet . " Bernanke will be featured on the cover of the magazine that hits stores Friday . He beat out Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt , President Obama , Apple CEO Steve Jobs and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi among other finalists . Time said Bernanke was the reason the U.S. financial crisis was n't worse . "  The story of the year was a weak economy that could have been much , much weaker . Thank the man who runs the Federal Reserve , our mild-mannered economic overlord , " the article said . "  He did n't just reshape U.S. monetary policy ; he led an effort to save the world economy . " Time : Person of the Year 2009 Bernanke is considered a scholar of the Great Depression . A series of his writings were compiled into the book "  Essays of the Great Depression . " Michael Grunwald , who authored Time 's article , on Wednesday told NBC 's "  Today " that "  basically -LSB- Bernanke -RSB- saw what looked like another depression coming , and he decided he would do whatever it takes to forestall that . And basically , I think he did . It could have been a lot worse . " Grunwald said , "  There are things that he could have done better . One of his responsibilities is for full employment in society , and he has n't really stepped up on that , but basically in terms of influencing how the economy went this year , Bernanke was the guy . " The Time senior correspondent added , "  Look , he 's been criticized from left and right , from liberals and conservatives , you know , for ... running the unelected fourth branch of government . He 's a controversial figure . " Wednesday 's announcement comes a day before a Senate Banking Committee vote on whether Bernanke should be given another term . "  Remember , he 's a Republican appointed by a Democratic president . It 's the Democrats on the committee that are going to vote to confirm . It 's a really interesting combination of factors , " Grunwald said . One of Bernanke 's harshest critics is Sen. Jim Bunning , R-Kentucky , the only senator to vote against the economist 's appointment four years ago by President Bush . In a statement Wednesday , Bunning said , "  I find it ironic that a man who has spent the last year rewarding others for failure is now being named ` Person of the Year . ' "  But if Time magazine is in the business of rewarding failure , Ben Bernanke is their man -- he has certainly excelled at that . " Bunning called Bernanke a "  moral hazard , " accusing him of supporting the "  easy money policies of his predecessor , Alan Greenspan , " who made the cover of Time in February 1999 , along with then-Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and his successor , Lawrence H. Summers . Another sharp critic of Bernanke , independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont , said December 2 that he plans to place a "  hold " on Bernanke 's nomination for a second term once it leaves the Banking Committee . A "  hold " is an informal practice in which a senator informs the majority leader that he or she does not want a bill or nomination to reach the floor for a vote . Majority leader Sen. Harry Reid , D-Nevada , would not need to act on Sanders ' request , but Sanders could launch a filibuster to delay the motion to nominate the Fed chairman for another four-year term . "  The American people overwhelmingly voted last year for a change in our national priorities to put the interests of ordinary people ahead of the greed of Wall Street and the wealthy few , " Sanders said then , explaining his action . "  What the American people did not bargain for was another four years for one of the key architects of the Bush economy . " Time magazine noted that Bernanke , who turned 56 Sunday , defies the stereotype of "  a typical Beltway power broker . " "  He does n't have a commanding presence . He is n't a mesmerizing speaker . He has none of the look-at-me swagger or listen-to-me charisma so common among men with oversize Washington offices , " the article said . Bernanke was sworn in as Federal Reserve chairman in February 2006 . He spent years in academia , as a professor at Princeton , Stanford and New York universities and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , according to the Fed 's Web site . Time magazine , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner .	GOP senator and critic calls Ben Bernanke "  moral hazard " Time magazine calls Bernanke , 56 , " the most powerful nerd on the planet " Bernanke , a Great Depression scholar , feared new one , writer says Senate panel set to vote on whether Fed chairman get another term
CNN  -- Twitter says it has more than 100 million active users -- a pretty impressive chunk of the online population who are , if nothing else , checking in to see what other people are sharing . With that many folks on the six-year-old microblogging site , Twitter is always good for a few surprises . Sure , you already know about such famous tweeters as Ashton Kutcher , Lady Gaga and Shaq . But did you expect funnyman Danny DeVito to create a photo series of his foot in interesting places ? And , sure , Democratic political strategist David Axelrod uses the site to share talking points and links . But who would have expected him to post a candid picture of President Barack Obama with "  First Dog " Bo , then turn it into a not-so-subtle jab at GOP front-runner Mitt Romney ? And then , there are the Twitterers who surprise you by being there in the first place . Whether because of their age , image or interests , some people just do n't seem like likely fans of Twitter 's 140-character bursts of wit and wisdom  or ... you know ... other stuff  . And yet there they are , tweeting to thousands , if not millions , of followers . Here are 10 well-known people whose Twitter accounts caused us to do a double-take . Let us know in the comments if you think we missed somebody good . Rupert Murdoch First , he 's 80 years old . Second , he was fresh off of a brutal few months , during which the flagship paper of his media empire folded in shame after a phone-tapping scandal . But that did n't stop the media-empire tycoon from leaping with both feet into the Twitter pool last month . There have been a few gaffes  chatting with a fake Google co-founder Larry Page , and not seeming to realize that an account set up in his own wife 's name was not real  but Murdoch is active on the site and appears in for the long haul . Sample tweet : @rupertmurdoch Facebook a brilliant achievement , but $ 75-100bn ? Would make Apple look really cheap . Mark Zuckerberg If you 're the creator of the world 's biggest social networking site , it might be surprising that you 'd pop up on another . But there he is .  It 's worth noting that Zuck also has an account on upstart Google + and , for a while , was its most-followed member  . That said , Zuckerberg ca n't exactly be accused of lighting his Twitter feed afire . He had n't tweeted since 2009 before January , when he posted a message opposing the now-shelved Stop Online Piracy Act . So , if you follow him , be patient . Sample tweet : @finkd Tell your congressmen you want them to be pro-internet . My Facebook post is here ... . Don Rickles OK , maybe it 's just because this one feels like such a time warp . He was born in 1926 and broke into the comedy business in the 1950s . But , by all appearances , that 's really "  The Merchant of Venom " on Twitter  witness the photo he posted with his dog Chauncey who , he explains , writes all of his tweets  . He tweets at a clip of about once a day and , as you might expect , they 're just about all zingers . And by the way , you may ask ... whom does Don Rickles follow on Twitter ? Nobody , hockey puck ! Sample tweet : @donrickles Just finished "  Hot In Cleveland " - I keep telling Betty White I 'm happily married 46 years , but she keeps saying we can work something out ! Queen Rania It 's not every day you find real-live royalty on networking sites . But not all royals are Rania Al Abdullah , the queen of Jordan . She 's answered questions of followers online and told interviewers that sites like Twitter can be used to achieve real social change . But we 're particularly fond of her Twitter bio : "  A mum and a wife with a really cool day job . . . " Her more-than 1.8 million followers seem to agree . Sample tweet : @QueenRania V. special day . My youngest turns 7 & His Majesty 50 ! One life full of potential , the other full of accomplishments . #HappyBirthday Dalai Lama How much direct input does His Holiness have in running this account ? It 's , of course , hard to say . But while the frenetic pace of the micro-blogging site might seem an unlikely home for the Buddhist leader 's gentle musings , the format works surprisingly well . Few links , no "  text-speak " ... and the thoughts certainly feel authentic . After a long day of Charlie Sheen rants , this is as good a place as any for your moments of Twitter zen . Sample tweet : @DalaiLama If the twentieth century was a century of violence , let us make the twenty-first a century of dialogue . Stan Lee "  True believers " of a certain age will find Stan the Man 's tweets familiar . They 're clearly from the same mind that penned all of those back page letters that appeared in Marvel comic books through the years . Some of us here at CNN.com had a chance to meet The Generalissimo a while back and it 's not surprising that , at 89 , he 's still got plenty to say . Sample tweet : @therealstanlee Pres. Bush gave an actress an award and kissed her cheek . When I was to get my award I said , "  We do n't haveta kiss , do we ? " We both broke up ! Pope Benedict XVI Why are we surprised to see him tweeting ? Well , because he 's the pope , he 's kind of old school , and as the leader of more than a billion Catholics worldwide , he probably has better things to do than sharpening his message into 140-character chunks . Maybe that 's why he 's tweeted only five times -- mostly inspirational nuggets -- since joining Twitter last June . Sample tweet : @PopeBenedictXIV The universe is not the result of chance . We are invited to read something profound into it : the inexhaustible creativity of God Cher Except for her infrequent movie projects  "  Burlesque , " anyone ?  we do n't hear much from Cher these days . So it 's a little startling to see the 65-year-old diva so prolific on Twitter , where she has 478,000 followers . It 's not unusual to see Cher post more than a dozen tweets a day , engaging with fans about her music , politics and son Chaz . And , bless her , Cher 's profile pic makes her look 35 . Sample tweet : @cher When i tour i want to keep a Twitter Diary & get all the Crew , Dancers , Singers & Band to Tweet with me Hugh Hefner Hef may be 85 , but he 's no newbie to Twitter -- the Playboy founder fired off his first tweet back in 2008 , ahead of the cultural curve . These days the robed Lothario is padding about the Playboy mansion while posting daily updates about his TV viewing and current girlfriends , Anna Sophia Berglund and former Playmate Shera Bechard . Sometimes he even retweets their stuff . Sample tweet : @hughhefner Both Shera & Anna have early modeling assignments tomorrow , so we 'll be going to bed early tonight . Amy Winehouse We 're all fans of the gifted , yet troubled , Ms. Winehouse here , so no disrespect intended . But when someone 's dead , it definitely qualifies as a surprise when you see them active on Twitter . Sure , Winehouse 's official account was managed by others even before her death on July 23  It was silent between July 7-September 12  . But it 's her name ... and seeing stuff pop up under it even still is just weird . Sample tweet : @amywinehouse Amy 's final track "  Body And Soul " w / @itstonybennett is out today on iTunes http://bit.ly/TonyAmy , proceeds to the Amy Winehouse Foundation . CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this report .	Twitter is home to some surprising tweeters Dalai Lama , the Pope both have accounts on the micro-blogging site About 60 years after breaking into comedy , Don Rickles tweets regularly Jordan 's Queen Rania shares personal and social-change messages
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Think back to your first job at the local ice cream shop . Working after school , 15 hours per week at $ 7 an hour was enough to fulfill your wishes , hopes and dreams .  Let 's be honest , back then , none of us wished for much more than a reciprocated crush and a big allowance . Those days have long since passed . Unless you 're a waged worker  paid hourly  like 59 percent of U.S. workers are , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , you probably do n't have a clue what your salary translates to per hour . The median household salary is $ 48,201 , according to the 2006 U.S. Census Bureau report . This makes the average hourly rate $ 23.17 based on a 40-hour workweek . We 've made a list of jobs in various industries ; each position earns between $ 20 and $ 30 per hour and is experiencing job growth through 2016 , based on data from the BLS . Here are 10 jobs that earn more than $ 20 per hour : 1 . Gaming supervisors -- $ 20.38 / hour * Gaming supervisors watch over assigned areas in casinos and gaming facilities to make sure that all gaming stations are covered and gamblers are following the rules . Annual salary : $ 42,390 * Growth through 2016 : 23 percent Industry : Personal care and services 2 . Health educators -- $ 21.81 / hour Health educators encourage people and communities to live healthy lifestyles by teaching them about healthy behaviors and how to prevent diseases . Annual salary : $ 45,370 Growth through 2016 : 26 percent Industry : Community and social services 3 . Subway and streetcar operators -- $ 22.20 / hour Subway and streetcar operators control or drive trains , electric-powered streetcars , trolleys or light-rails that transport passengers through cities , suburbs and metropolitan areas . Annual salary : $ 46,180 Growth through 2016 : 12 percent Industry : Transportation and materials moving 4 . Respiratory therapists -- $ 23.37 / hour Respiratory therapists practice under a physician 's supervision to treat patients with breathing or other cardiopulmonary disorders . Annual salary : $ 48,610 Growth through 2016 : 23 percent Industry : Health care practitioner and technicians 5 . Curators -- $ 24.03 / hour Curators manage museums , zoos , aquariums , botanical gardens , nature centers and historic sites . They direct collections storage and exhibitions , including negotiating and authorizing the purchase , sale , exchange or loan of collections . Annual salary : $ 49,980 Growth through 2016 : 23 percent Industry : Education , training and library occupations 6 . Cartographers and photogrammetrists -- $ 25.29 / hour Cartographers and photogrammetrists analyze and map geographic data provided by surveys , satellite information and photographs . Annual salary : $ 52,600 Growth through 2016 : 20 percent Industry : Architecture and engineering 7 . Multimedia artists and animators -- $ 27.90 / hour Multimedia artists and animators create special effects , animation or other visual images seen in movies , television programs and computer games . Annual salary : $ 58,030 Growth through 2016 : 26 percent Industry : Arts , design , entertainment , sports and media 8 . Arbitrators , mediators and reconcilers -- $ 28.27 / hour Arbitrators , mediators and reconcilers decide or recommend resolutions , penalties and liabilities on claims regarding legal matters . Annual salary : $ 58,790 Growth through 2016 : 11 percent Industry : Legal 9 . Urban and regional planners - $ 28.33 / hour Urban and regional planners develop plans and programs for land use and physical facilities in towns , cities , counties and metropolitan areas . Annual salary : $ 58,940 Growth through 2016 : 15 percent Industry : Life , physical and social sciences 10 . Loan officers -- $ 29.77 / hour Loan officers approve various types of credit loans and advise borrowers on financial status and methods of payments . Annual salary : $ 61,930 Growth through 2016 : 11 percent Industry : Business and financial operations More $ 20 an hour jobs :  Clergy -- $ 20.70 / hour  Gas pumping station operators -- $ 21 . 52/hour  Electricians -- $ 22.41 / hour  Dieticians and nutritionists -- $ 23.02 / hour  Appraisers of real estate -- $ 24.57 / hour  Editors -- $ 25.59 / hour  Public relations specialists -- $ 25.85 / hour  Zoologists and wildlife biologists -- $ 26.98 / hour  Food scientists -- $ 28.49 / hour  Detectives and criminal investigators -- $ 29.03 / hour * All wages and salaries are mean averages provided by the BLS . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	59 percent of U.S. workers are waged labor  paid hourly U.S. Census Bureau : median household salary is $ 48,201 That puts the average hourly rate at $ 23.17 based on a 40-hour workweek Other $ 20/hr jobs : clergy , electrician , and food scientists
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council on Thursday authorized a military peacekeeping mission in Mali to help the once-stable country retake its vast northern region from Islamist rebels . The council authorized the deployment of an African-led International Support Mission in Mali for an initial period of one year . The mission aims to help rebuild the capacity of Mali 's security and defense forces and to help the Malian authorities recover the areas in the north . A regional group , the Economic Community of West African States , already pledged thousands of troops to the mission , and the Security Council urged other member states to contribute troops . The new U.N. mission is also tasked with helping Mali reduce the threat posed by terrorist groups , including al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and the Movement of Unity and Jihad in Western Africa . The two groups now control two thirds of northern Mali , an area the size of France . Mali names new prime minister in abrupt change of leadership Mali held its first democratic elections in 1992 after decades of military rule . It had a mostly strong democracy until this year , when a group of soldiers toppled the government , saying it had not provided adequate equipment for them to fight ethnic Tuareg rebels roaming the vast desert in the north . The Tuareg rebels , who staged decades of rebellions in their desire for independence , took advantage of the power vacuum and seized parts of the north . The rebels were well armed ; they had fought alongside Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , and when he was killed in October 2011 , they returned to Mali with weapons . A power struggle then erupted in the north between the Tuaregs and local al Qaeda-linked radicals who prevailed and seized control of large parts of the desert north . The international community voiced concerns about al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and expanding its presence in Mali . The al Qaeda wing is linked to the deadly attack in Benghazi , Libya , that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three others , U.S. officials have said . Thursday 's Security Council resolution also calls on Malian authorities to restore constitutional order and national unity , and to hold peaceful , credible and inclusive elections by April at the latest . ECOWAS appointed an interim president in April 2012 after reaching a deal with the coup leader . Last week , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon voiced new concerns about the political situation in Mali when soldiers loyal to the coup leader arrested interim Prime Minister Cheick Modibo Diarra in unclear circumstances , and Diarra resigned . ECOWAS expressed concern about military interference in the political process . The militants in the north have already applied their strict interpretation of Sharia law by banning music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also publicly stoned a couple to death in July for reportedly having an affair . Public executions , amputations , floggings and other inhumane punishments are becoming common , the United Nations says . At least four times this year , the militants have attacked Timbuktu 's historic tombs and shrines , claiming the relics are idolatrous . The picturesque city was once an important destination for Islamic scholars for its ancient and prominent burial sites and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Tuareg rebels retreated from the well-armed militants but have vowed to fight back and establish their own country in the north , which they call Azawad . West African states and international leaders say a rapid military intervention is essential to solving the security crisis . Challenges persist in confronting growing threat of al Qaeda in Mali	UN-sanctioned peacekeepers will be deployed for an initial period of one year The mission aims to help Mali retake its northern areas from Islamist rebels A group of neighboring nations already pledged thousands of troops to the mission
CNN  "  So tell me , " an old school friend asked , "  if the demand for chocolate is so high , why are cocoa farmers so poor ? " We were sitting in the local pub , just days after I returned from a trip to the Ivory Coast , filming a CNN documentary about child labor and poverty in the chocolate industry . Two years after CNN 's Freedom Project exposed Chocolate 's Child Slaves , it was time to return to the cocoa plantations to unwrap the chocolate supply chain , to investigate what progress has been made to stop child labor and to explore how farmers can get more money for their beans . My friend did n't know what he was letting himself in for . The answer to his question is neither simple nor short -- and "  cocoa-nomics " has become something of an obsession of mine . The chocolate industry is worth an estimated $ 110 billion a year , and yet its key commodity is grown by some of the poorest people on the planet , in plantations that can hide the worst forms of child labour . Accurate figures are impossible to come by , but up to 800,000 children are thought to work in the cocoa sector across the Ivory Coast ; children who are both a symptom of and a self-perpetuating factor in a much wider problem -- poverty . In 1980 the international cocoa price was $ 3,750 a tonne -- equivalent to $ 10,000 a tonne in 2013 . Nowadays it is considered high at roughly $ 2,800 a tonne . Over the same period , the value of cocoa within a chocolate bar has halved from 12 % to just 6 % , so although a farmer 's cocoa is essential to a chocolate bar , its value is a small part of the ultimate cost of production . Most  70 %  of a modern day chocolate bar 's value goes to the manufacturer because the majority of the costs are in marketing , research and development . In 2012 , as part of sweeping reforms to the cocoa sector the Ivorian government enforced a minimum price for cocoa at the farm gate ; at 60 % of the international market price , it 's about $ 1.5 / kg . No farmer will tell you it is enough , but it does mean they can budget ahead , and are less at the mercy of passing middlemen or traders . Nick Weatherill , director of the International Cocoa Initiative , says the Ivory Coast 's reform of the cocoa sector was guaranteeing a steadier price , "  at least in its first steps . " "  It may not be as high as the farmers would like , to jump out of poverty , " he says . "  But at least it 's steady and they know what 's coming " . A guaranteed minimum price was the first gust of a prevailing wind which is now sweeping over the cocoa plantations : For more than a decade the "  big chocolate , " companies like Nestl , Hershey , Kraft and Mars have suffered from a barrage of bad publicity -- seemingly unwilling or unable to flex their corporate muscle to stop child labor . Across the industry it was seen as everybody 's problem but nobody 's responsibility . "  So what has changed ? " asked my friend , who by now was tucking into a hearty pub lunch . Infographic : Cocoa-nomics explained I 'm afraid the answer lies in self-interest as much as corporate responsibility : Growing cocoa is becoming unsustainable . There 's a crisis brewing . The average age of a cocoa farmer is about 51  not much lower than the average life expectancy  ; and across the Ivory Coast plantations are old , diseased and in need of regeneration . But regeneration requires investment , and the younger generation would rather migrate to the capital city , Abidjan , or switch to more lucrative crops like rubber or palm oil . In West Africa , the cocoa supply is failing to meet increasing demand . And with 1.3 billion Chinese starting to acquire a taste for chocolate , demand looks set to rise exponentially -- particularly in emerging markets -- in the coming years . So in the Ivory Coast , which produces more than a third of the world 's cocoa , there is now an urgent business case for doing the right thing , and helping to improve the lives of cocoa-growers . That means investing in those at the bottom of the value chain : Educated , business-minded farmers are the only way to secure a sustainable cocoa supply in the future . My trip to the Ivory Coast coincided with a visit from Jos Lopez , Nestl 's top cocoa executive -- a real-life Willy Wonka who oversees 468 chocolate factories in 86 countries . Nestl 's "  Cocoa Plan " has pledged $ 120 million worldwide over ten years ; at a new research and development centre in the capital Abidjan , they are the breeding the next generation of super saplings -- disease resistant , high-yield cocoa trees . They plan to give away 12 million new plants to Ivorian farmers by 2016 . In rural communities they are working to promote awareness of child labour and building schools . Is it enough ? It 's easy to criticise : Their sustainable cocoa plan covers just 15 % of their global supply chain and yet they made a profit of $ 11.55 billion in 2012 . Fortunately they are not acting alone . Where Nestl has its "  Cocoa Plan , " American food giant Cargill has its "  Cocoa Promise . " We visited one of 1,200 field schools set up by the company to teach 60,000 farmers good agricultural practice -- and that means no child labor . There is a growing perception that the Ivorian government , NGOs and chocolate corporations , are starting to work together -- all in the name of sustainability . Democratic farming cooperatives are gaining momentum , empowering farmers at a village level . If their farmers ' beans are grown sustainably , a cooperative can be certified by organisations like the Fairtrade Foundation , the Rainforest Alliance and UTZ . Certified beans command a higher market price and a premium on top that feeds directly back into the community . And this is where "  cocoa-nomics " meets the consumer -- where we can make the choice to buy chocolate bars made from sustainably and ethically-sourced cocoa . The international market price of cocoa is set by a multitude of market forces , and the truth is cocoa farmers are at the wrong end of the supply chain , limited by the value they can extract from raw beans . A total recalibration of the industry is not going to happen and powerful chocolate companies like Nestl are businesses , with shareholders to please , not charities . The sceptics would argue that it pays to keep the poor poor . Except we love chocolate -- and so its makers need more quality cocoa beans : Where there is an insatiable demand , there is surely hope for cocoa farmers . And so among the grinding poverty , signs of positive change -- albeit on a small scale -- are clearly visible : School children in khaki uniforms , the next generation of farmers who , in turn , will insist their children are educated . To lift a whole society out of poverty and eradicate child labour will take time . It 's the sort of holistic community approach that money alone ca n't buy . But that 's not to say more money from the likes of Nestl and other "  big cocoa " manufacturers is not badly needed . Back at the pub , my friend has dutifully maintained his listening face ; he ponders the chocolate pudding on the menu but decides that apple crumble is probably a better option , today at least . Cocoa-nomics : Unwrapping the chocolate industryRead more : Cocoa-nomics - from bean to barRead more : CNN Freedom Project CNN 's Bryony Jones contributed to this article .	CNN 's Freedom Project returned to Africa 's cocoa plantations to look for progress in fight against child labor Chocolate industry worth an estimated $ 110 billion a year , but cocoa grown by some of world 's poorest people Cocoa farmers earn just a tiny fraction of the cost of the average chocolate bar Global demand for cocoa outstrips supply , offering hope that the industry may do more to help growers
CNN  -- As the nation faces a looming retirement crisis , a member of Congress has proposed a terrible idea that would bash seniors . Democratic Rep. Jackie Speier of California asked the National Park Service to consider raising the price of the senior lifetime pass to help solve the parks ' $ 153 million budget gap caused by the sequester cuts . Pause for a moment and consider that $ 153 million is a tiny portion of the federal budget . It is a little more than the value of Bill Gates ' house and a fraction of the price of a B-2 bomber . People over 62 can buy a $ 10 lifetime pass to the more than 2000 federal recreational sites . For volunteers , the disabled and young children , it 's free . With the exception of a few other cases , it 's $ 80 for an annual pass to all the sites . If the park service doubled the cost of the senior lifetime pass , it would raise $ 5 million . That 's such a tiny drop in the bucket it 's laughable . This is not about the $ 5 million . Raising the lifetime park pass for seniors is not offered up to lower park admission prices for young people . In other words , there is no fixed pie . If grandma gets more , then baby Charlie gets less . No . Unlike reptiles , human societies do not arrange to eat their young . There is a sincere but mistaken belief out there that the old are taking advantage of the young . Societies that pay for the old can pay for the young , too . It 's not a zero-sum game . My colleagues and I have analyzed the national budgets in more than 63 nations . When a society spends more money on the elderly , they also spend more money on education and other programs benefiting the young . For example , in the United States in the 1970s , education spending tripled , education attainment rates soared and Social Security and Medicare expanded . The park pass proposal comes across as another attempt to erode the financial situation of American seniors who are already facing threats in their coming old age . The various proposals floating around to cut Social Security are scary enough for older Americans . For example , one idea from the Simpson-Bowles Commission is to raise the age seniors can collect their full Social Security benefits from 67 to 70 and the eligibility age from 62 to 65 . President Obama has proposed replacing the regular consumer price index , or CPI , to adjust Social Security benefits with the chained CPI -- often called the cat food CPI because the index assumes that when the price of human food rises , seniors can substitute cheaper food to get the same nutrition . A chained CPI would lower lifetime benefits to the oldest seniors by more than $ 25,000 . With the U.S. economy growing at a sluggish pace , older Americans who are nearing retirement face more uncertainty . In 2012 , a report from the Government Accountability Office found employers are reluctant to hire older workers , citing reasons such as outdated skills as one of the factors . Workers who are 55 years old and up who lose their jobs have it the hardest . They face the longest period of unemployment . Members of Congress who want generational fairness and balanced budgets wo n't get there by whacking the elderly with Social Security cuts or higher park pass prices . Why ca n't Congress be smarter about finding ways to revitalize the economy and create jobs ? That is a rhetorical question . They are busy finding coins in the sofa cushions instead of creating a sustainable and stabilizing federal budget . Raising the price of park passes for the elderly wo n't make a real dent or help young people enjoy the trees more . With this budget process , fewer and fewer families or the elderly will be able to get to the park if they 're busy scrambling to get by . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Teresa Ghilarducci .	A congresswoman proposes raising the price of the senior lifetime pass to national parks Teresa Ghilarducci : Raising the price for the elderly wo n't make a real dent She says the idea seems like another attempt to erode the financial situation of American seniors Ghilarducci : There is no fixed pie ; it 's not as if seniors get more , then young people get less
CNN  -- It does n't appear tracking down this piece of 9/11 history will be easy . Tips have been rolling in , spurred by the CNN Films ' production , "  The Flag , " a documentary about the flag that three New York firefighters hoisted above the World Trade Center rubble in the aftermath of the attack . This particular version of Old Glory was 3 feet by 5 feet . Photos and video from the site suggest it went missing fewer than six hours after a photographer with a Bergen , New Jersey , newspaper captured the firefighters ' deed in a photo that would become one of the most -- if not the most -- iconic images from tragedy . Co-director Michael Tucker said he expects that as news of the film infiltrates the tight-knit communities of New York 's firefighters , police officers , port authority workers and paramedics , more viable leads will come . "  Once more people from that world see it , I think we 're going to start learning a lot more , " he said , adding that he and co-director Petra Epperlein examined more than 5,000 photos and viewed four days of television coverage from each of the networks during the documentary 's production . Viewers began sharing leads before the documentary aired Wednesday , as TV featured promos and CNN.com posted a preview . By Wednesday night , there were a collective 50 tips to CNN.com 's landing page , an e-mail tip line and Twitter . Only a dozen or so were credible . Of course , there was the obligatory yahoo claiming aliens took it -- but there were more sober sightings as well . A Florida woman said she saw it in the New York State Museum in Albany , while another viewer wondered whether a flag he 'd seen at the U.S. Military Academy in West Point was the banner in question . Other potential sightings came at Missouri 's Fort Leonard Wood ; NASA 's Johnson Space Center in Houston ; the Escondido , California , Elks Lodge ; and the hair and makeup department of the New York New York Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas . In one seemingly angry e-mail received before the documentary aired , a man using the name of a retired New York police lieutenant slammed the firefighters . He accused them of stealing the flag  the documentary explains how it was taken from a yacht docked near the trade center  and claimed the iconic photo was staged and that the firefighters absconded with the flag after the picture was taken . "  There had already been a few flags hoisted down at the site including the first flag to be hoisted by 2 officers from the NYPD , " the tipster wrote . "  Since the NYPD raised their flag in the immediate aftermath of the attack , there is still a ton of smoke and soot in the air , there are numerous rescue workers on scene ... several of whom are saluting . This is a much more original , natural , unrehearsed shot than the photo op taken much later . " The most credible tip , Tucker said , came from a man who said a lighting company in Oskaloosa , Iowa , that assisted with the 9/11 cleanup effort was in possession of the flag . But that flag turned out to be larger than the 9/11 flag , Tucker said . Tucker 's hunch is that the flag 's disappearance involved nothing nefarious . "  Someone most likely saw it there and thought that 's a dirty , tattered flag and said , ` I 'm going to save that , ' " he said . "  It 's going to be someone who either went there to volunteer with some specific skill or was a first responder . "  If anything , I think someone 's intentions were very good . " While some tips are more feasible than others , Tucker says , "  They 're all legitimate because people have connections to these objects , to these symbols . " And perhaps more important than finding the flag is providing this outlet for catharsis , Tucker said . Many people have forgotten how they felt the day the towers came down . With a war-weary nation now considering military action in Syria , Tucker believes discussing and searching for the 9/11 flag gives people an opportunity to revisit their emotions and "  immerse themselves in the story of that day . " "  It was the worst of days that somehow brought out the best in many Americans , " he said . "  It 's more than looking for a flag . It 's about looking for that feeling . " Help find the flag	The flag that became the subject of an iconic 9/11 photo went missing after it was hoisted Tips roll in after CNN Films ' documentary "  The Flag " airs , but none deemed viable Possible sighting have come in Las Vegas , Houston , West Point and Oskaloosa , Iowa Co-director says , "  It 's more than looking for a flag . It about looking for that feeling "
CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture is planning to swap in a plate icon for the food pyramid this week , an individual familiar with the new guidelines told CNN Saturday . The new image , expected to be unveiled Thursday , is meant to help remind Americans to make healthy food choices . "  We presume that it will be divided into sections that will show you how much of different types of foods you should be eating , " said Elizabeth Cohen , CNN senior medical correspondent , about the plate image . The USDA said in a statement this week that the new food icon would be "  part of a comprehensive nutrition communication initiative that provides consumers with easy-to-understand recommendations , a new website with expanded information , and other tools and resources . " It did not say then what the new icon would be . The Food Guide Pyramid was introduced in 1992 and replaced in 2005 by MyPyramid . "  The pyramid , to put it gently , is not considered a great public health success , " said Cohen . "  It was confusing and divided into lots of intricate sections . " The original version is the widely recognized pyramid that shows a hierarchy of food groups . Grains , vegetables and fruits were represented at the base of the pyramid , suggesting they should be eaten often . Foods to be consumed in some moderation , like fats , dairy products and meats , were toward the top of the icon . The 2005 version had vertical , rather than horizontal , blocks representing the various food groups . It also had a figure stepping up the side of the pyramid , reminding consumers of the need to exercise . CNN 's Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	NEW : The food pyramid has been criticized as confusing Official announcement is expected to come on Thursday The new icon is meant to help remind Americans to make healthy food choices It will replace the food pyramid , which was first introduced in 1992
Ah , Cliven Bundy -- poster boy for the anti-government , rugged-individualist crowd . The Marlboro Man for the conservative fantasy world . Or not . Cliven Bundy is so bizarre he leaves late night comedians spluttering .  Just check out one of Jon Stewart 's riffs .  His comments about race were so embarrassing that Sean Hannity , who had called Bundy "  a friend and frequent guest of the show , " had to do a "  protest too much " denouncement . Yes , Hannity called Bundy 's words "  beyond repugnant " -- but only after first promoting him as a patriot par excellence . Republican office-holders , such as Sen. Dean Heller , R-Nevada , and Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , who had been cheerleading Bundy and his rabble also had to distance themselves , many of them fumbling with their rhetorical pom-poms in the process . Here 's the basic background : Bundy is a wealthy Nevada rancher who believes he has "  beneficial use " claim to grazing lands owned by the federal government . Ownership of the land is not a matter of dispute . Bundy has been in and out of protracted court battles for decades , and he 's lost every time . In 1993 , Bundy stopped paying the grazing fees for using federal Bureau of Land Management land . His fees accumulated to $ 1 million . Finally , after two courts ruled in the bureau 's favor , it moved to seize Bundy 's cattle , planning to sell them at auction to pay for the 20 years ' worth of grazing fees . On April 5 , the bureau brought in armed federal agents and began removing Bundy 's cattle . Bundy 's son Dave was arrested for refusing to leave . That night , Bundy sent a message : "  They have my cattle and now they have one of my boys . Range War begins tomorrow . " Visions of the Wild West , anyone ? Frontier justice ? Or not . Bundy 's supporters rallied around him , traveling from out of state . That 's when the bizarre started . Richard Mack , a former Arizona sheriff , said , "  We 're actually strategizing to put all the women up at the front . If they are going to start shooting , it 's going to be women that are going to be televised all across the world getting shot by these rogue federal officers . " How 's that for a jaw-dropper ? The standoff lasted a week , until the bureau announced on April 12 that it would return the seized cattle because of its "  grave concern about the safety of employees and members of the public . " Conservatives and Republicans cheered . Well , not all of them . You see , Bundy based his claim that he did not have to pay the grazing fees because -- well , here are his words : "  I believe this is a sovereign state of Nevada . And I abide by all Nevada state laws . But I do n't recognize the United States government as even existing . " Or not . You see , Bundy is violating the Constitution of Nevada , and therefore the state 's laws . Article 1 , Section 2 of that state 's constitution reads , in part : " ... the Paramount Allegiance of every citizen is due to the Federal ... and no power exists in the people of this or any other State of the Federal Union to dissolve their connection therewith ... " Conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer told Fox News : "  This is a man who said that he does n't recognize the authority of the United States of America . That makes him a patriot ? I love this country , I love the Constitution , and it is the Constitution that established a government that all of us have to recognize . And for him to reject it was the beginning of all of this . And now what he said today is just the end of this . " That 's the point . We can disagree about policies and politics , and even whether baseball or football is "  America 's sport . " Hopefully we 'll again get to a place in our civic discourse where we can be civil and compromise for the common good , to move toward that "  more perfect Union " the Constitution mentions . But denying the very existence of the United States ? Still , that 's not what had other Republicans and conservative pontificators going , "  oops . " It was Bundy 's obscene , racist remarks : "  And because they -LSB- Blacks -RSB- were basically on government subsidy , so now what do they do ? They abort their young children , they put their young men in jail , because they never learned how to pick cotton . And I 've often wondered , are they better off as slaves , picking cotton and having a family life and doing things , or are they better off under government subsidy ? They did n't get no more freedom . They got less freedom . " That 's why Republicans are distancing themselves from Bundy . Because Bundy 's words destroy their argument that we should n't talk about race . Bundy 's remarks , following so closely on the Supreme Court 's Schuette decision , refute Chief Justice John Roberts ' misguided insistence that "  racism will end when we stop helping minorities " and prove Justice Sonia Sotomayor right when she says that the act of ignoring pervasive structural racism is an abdication of judicial responsibility . Thanks to the federal government and men and women of valor who fought for those words written in our Constitution , we can have this debate . And it is that same Constitution that gives even a racist idiot like Bundy freedom to spew his lunacy while riding his horse and waving his American flag , even if some Republicans now pretend they 've never heard of the guy . Or not . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Donna Brazile looks at the furor around Bundy and wonders if Republicans are in denial Bundy has been in a dispute over grazing fees he owes to the federal government Bundy made comments recently saying that blacks were better off as slaves "  picking cotton "
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The tabloid-friendly tale of the so-called California "  Octomom " continues to stir debate -- this time 2,000 miles away in the Georgia state capitol , where lawmakers say they 're trying to prevent a repeat . Proposed legislation regulating in-vitro practices came after Nadya Suleman gave birth to octuplets . A Georgia state senator introduced legislation to limit the number of embryos that can be implanted in a woman 's uterus during in-vitro fertilization procedures . Sen. Ralph Hudgens , a Republican from near Athens , Georgia , said his legislation was inspired by Nadya Suleman , the woman who said she gave birth to octuplets after being fertilized with six embryos -- an unusually high number . "  She is not married , " said Hudgens . "  She is unemployed , she is on government assistance and now she is going to put those 14 children on the back of the taxpayers in the state of California . " Suleman , 33 , had six children before the procedure . Hudgens ' plan , which was co-sponsored by several other senators , would limit the number of embryos a doctor could implant to two for women under 40 years old and three for women 40 or older . Those numbers are slightly less than what 's considered the norm in medical circles . The American Society for Reproductive Medicine recommends no more than two embryos for women under 35 years old and no more than five for women over 40 . The reason for allowing more embryos in women over 40 is that it is more difficult for them to get pregnant . State lawmakers in Missouri are considering a similar bill . And England and Italy have had similar limits on the books for years . At least some fertility doctors say the limits in Hudgens ' bill would hurt chances for women to get pregnant . They say that while three embryos are usually enough , there are special cases when they need more . "  What this bill will effectively do is shut us down , " said Dr. Daniel Shapiro , a fertility doctor in Atlanta . "  Patients seeking reproductive care in Georgia will go to Tennessee or South Carolina or Alabama . They will just leave . " Breaking the law would carry a fine of up to $ 1,000 under the legislation . Some critics of the plan also see another problem , calling it a backdoor effort to outlaw abortions in the state . The bill , which Hudgens titled the "  Ethical Treatment of Human Embryos Act , " contains language that says "  a living in vitro human embryo is a biological human being who is not the property of any person or entity . " The anti-abortion group Georgia Right to Life issued a news release in support of the bill on the day it was introduced . "  Georgia Right to Life supports Sen. Hudgens in this legislation and wants to see strong protections in place to stop the dangerous practice of implanting more embryos than is medically recommended , " the group said , saying the plan would help avoid premature births and low birth weight in in-vitro fertilization cases . Realistically , the bill faces long odds of passing -- at least in the near future . Tuesday was Day 25 of the Georgia legislature 's 40-day session . Legislators will meet 10 more days , then take a break until June , when lawmakers will consider how money flowing to the state from the federal economic-stimulus plan may help their ongoing budget woes . According the the Georgia legislature 's Web site on Tuesday , Hudgens ' bill had been read and assigned to a committee , but no other action had taken place . Some Georgians from the lawmaker 's part of the state say they hope he has to keep waiting for a long time . "  Unless the senator is a physician , ethicist or other informed professional , he should step aside and let the medical professionals determine what is best in individual cases , " Dorothy West wrote in a letter to the editor of the Athens Banner-Herald , Hudgens ' hometown paper . "  There are other issues more important to the citizens of Georgia that should be addressed . " CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Georgia state senator says bill was inspired by "  Octomom " Nadya Suleman Bill would limit women under 40 to two embryos , women 40 or older to three Critics call it a backdoor effort to outlaw abortions in the state Bill faces long odds of passing because of timing in Georgia legislature
CNN  -- The Humane Society of the United States released Thursday what it says is video showing gruesome images of many dead chickens -- and in some cases , mummified chicken carcasses -- at a farm in southeastern Pennsylvania . The animal protection organization says the video is from an undercover investigation it conducted at Kreider Farms in Manheim , Pennsylvania , in February and March . Kreider Farms , on its website , describes itself as "  a real working farm supplying fresh quality eggs , milk , drinks and premium batch-churned ice cream to select wholesalers and retail stores . " The video , played in a news conference , showed dead chickens in cramped cages surrounded by live chickens and eggs . Many of the birds appeared to be trapped either in cage wire or in automated feeding machinery . "  During the investigation , thousands of birds died of dehydration when there was a water system malfunction that people did n't notice for two or three days , " said Paul Shapiro , vice president of the Humane Society of the United States . "  Hen 's legs and wings and more were found stuck inside of the wires of the cages , trapping these animals , preventing them from gaining access to food or water . Some of the floors in these barns were so packed with dead flies that our investigator described the experience as similar to walking on top of Rice Krispies . " But Kreider Farms President and CEO Ron Kreider issued a statement disputing the Humane Society 's claims . "  The allegations by HSUS are a gross distortion of Kreider Farms , our employees and the way we care for our birds , " the statement read . "  There are still many unanswered questions regarding how and when this video was shot , edited and assembled . " The Humane Society is pushing for passage of a bill currently in the House of Representatives that it says would lead to a friendlier system of egg production . The bill is supported by the United Egg Producers , which represents farmers responsible for more than 80 % of the country 's egg production . Other influential food-industry organizations , however , are opposed to the legislation . The National Pork Producers Council , for example , issued a news release in January calling it a "  farm takeover bill , " and saying "  it would set a ` dangerous precedent ' for allowing the federal government to regulate on-farm production practices , including animal housing . " The bill calls for an increase in the size of chicken cages , with the aim of preventing cramped and unsanitary conditions in which chickens lay eggs . The law would be phased in over an extended period to give farms time to make the necessary changes . It is unclear when the House might take up the bill for consideration . Kreider said in his statement Kreider Farms supports such legislation and asserted that more than 80 % of the chickens there are already housed in new , larger , state-of-the art facilities . Still , Shapiro said the conditions on farms such as Kreider 's are n't acceptable and threaten the health of people . "  There is a direct connection many times between how we treat animals and problems that we cause for ourselves , " he said . "  Oftentimes when we abuse farm animals , we 're not doing ourselves any favors in the process . "  There 's a clear case to be made , for example , that increasing the amount of birds who are cramming in together , giving them less and less space , increases the risk of salmonella infection . In fact , at Kreider Farms we saw they were testing positive for salmonella at this facility . And so it 's important to recognize that , of course , the cruelty to animals by itself is extraordinarily problematic , but there 's also a consumer safety aspect to this . "	The Humane Society shows video of dead chickens at an egg farm The farm calls the allegations of inhumane conditions "  a gross distortion " The Humane Society is pushing passage of legislation to create better conditions
Get ruthless . That is Rio Ferdinand 's message to soccer 's authorities in the fight to tackle the scourge of racism . The former England and Manchester United star also believes football 's world and European governing bodies should consult current players when meting out punishments . Ferdinand , currently plying his trade for English Premier League strugglers Queens Park Rangers , thinks the game still has a long road to travel in what is proving an exhaustive and complex battle . The 35-year-old 's brother Anton was at the center of one of the most high-profile English cases of recent times , when he accused Chelsea captain John Terry of racial abuse . And Ferdinand is resolute in his belief that the war on discrimination is one football can not wage alone . "  There were a lot of campaigns that were going on over the years that I was a part of and I thought ` Yes . Football is doing a great job , especially in England , ' " Ferdinand told CNN . "  And then all of a sudden  the Terry case  made me realize that it was just put under the carpet a little bit and it was still there . But it made me realize that football ca n't be the tool that kind of eradicates racism . "  It 's got to be a social element to it . Schools , parenting , education has got to play a bigger role in getting rid of racism . "  There has been progress but there 's also been times where you think ' I thought we 'd got past that . ' "  I think sometimes the powers that be sometimes are n't ruthless enough in handing out punishments and that where I 'd like there to be sometimes more dialogue maybe with people that are playing the game still -- people of different races to be in the decision making process as well . "  So that people who are making the decisions understand that it does hurt when these type of things happen on a football pitch or a stadium or around sports . " Ferdinand cites the incident involving his brother and ex-England captain Terry , as well as former Liverpool striker Luis Suarez 's eight-match ban for abusing Patrice Evra -- then of Manchester United -- as evidence that racism is still a major issue in today 's game . Terry was found not guilty in court of abusing Anton Ferdinand during a Premier League match in October 2011 but the Football Association later banned him for four matches and fined him # 220,000  $ 355,000  on the same charge . Terry later apologized for the language he used . Ferdinand calls Terry "  an idiot " in his autobiography # 2sides in reference to the case and now thinks a conversation at the time might have helped heal some of the wounds . "  I do a whole chapter on the relationship between myself and John and my brother and , yes , I think that would have solved a lot of problems if there would 've been a conversation , an apology , at the beginning , " he explained . "  I think things might have gone a bit differently , but again the powers that be made a lot of decisions that we maybe did n't agree with at the time . "  That could 've maybe had a different outcome to the whole situation if we were listened to . But , as I said , it 's all stuff that I 've had to go over and talk about in the book and it 's been a bit of a healing process so to speak . " Incidents of racism have n't been restricted to on-field events , with chants from fans also prompting soccer 's authorities to issue sanctions . There have been a string of incidents over recent seasons , with CSKA Moscow 's European Champions League tie with Bayern Munich on Tuesday held behind closed doors due to a racist incident in last season 's competition . Brazilian club Gremio was banned from a cup competition in September after an opponent 's goalkeeper was racially abused during a match . And Ferdinand thinks heftier fines would act as firm deterrent , with stadium bans dished out to repeat offenders . "  If it 's going to be money , then it 's got to be huge amounts , " he explained . "  There 's vast amounts of money in the game so it should be reflected in the punishment . "  If you 're going to hand a Federation a # 60,000  $ 96,000  fine when that Federation 's pulling in millions a year that is not going to hurt . So it 's got to equate to what they generate I think . Or you ban them from playing in their home country . "  If you say to a country ` Listen you 're not going to play your national games in your country now after what just happened in the stadium , ' I think the fans will start thinking a bit differently . "  And as I said that does n't stop racism . It just stops it in a stadium . "  So that 's why I always talk about a bigger idea on racism and a social element rather than just football but it stops it in a stadium and hopefully that can be then hopefully replicated , maybe , in society . " Much of the spotlight has centered on Russia , hosts of the 2018 World Cup . The country 's football association was fined after its fans directed racist abuse at a Czech Republic player during Euro 2012 . CSKA Moscow has twice been forced to play matches either behind closed doors or with part of its stadium shut due to racist incidents , one after Manchester City 's Yaya Toure was subjected to monkey chants in October 2013 . The most recent , against Bayern Munich this week , was in response to an incident during a match with Czech club Viktoria Plzen , also last season . But Ferdinand thinks countries should be given a chance to clean up their act , with Russia being no exception . "  Yes they 've had issues in the past but I think they should be given that opportunity to rectify that , " he said . "  There 's no bigger event on the planet than the World Cup and this is a time they can cover themselves in some glory . "  That 's down to their federation and the people that run their game to make sure that they put in place things to happen that if they do step out of line there 's going to be big punishments and as I said , that 's the only way that they can kind of rectify any mistakes they 've made in the past . " Ferdinand has been linked with a role within FIFA but says while he is always available to consult he is firmly focused on playing for the time being . "  No I 'm not in the line for any of those positions to be honest with you , " he added . "  I 'm concentrating on playing football . I 'm happy playing football . If they want a conversation about various things , I 'm always here and willing to be speak . "  Once I retire then things like that maybe can be approached and looked upon but right now all my efforts are in trying to help QPR stay up in the Premier League . "	Rio Ferdinand says soccer 's authorities must get ruthless on racism Former Man Utd defender thinks punishments need to be harsher Ferdinand 's brother Anton alleged racist abuse from Chelsea captain John Terry The 35-year-old open to role within FIFA after playing career has finished
CNN  -- When out on the playground , there arose such a clatter -- because little Tommy told all his classmates there was no such thing as Santa Claus . It 's an uncomfortable scenario both the Tooth Fairy and Easter Bunny know all too well , and has the potential to leave parents caught like reindeer in headlights . It typically involves distraught kids cornering their parents after school with widened eyes , blurting out : "  Tommy told me there is n't a Santa Claus ! "  or Saint Nicholas , Father Christmas , Kris Kringle or Babbo Natale , respectively  . Heather Barranco knows the awkward affair all too well ; her own child recently told a number of the kids in kindergarten that Santa did n't exist . For spiritual reasons , Barranco 's family forgoes the Santa tradition . "  One parent , whom I was friendly with , told me that her daughter was not allowed to play with my daughter anymore , " says Barranco . "  She questioned my parenting skills and said in a very angry voice , ' I do not know what you are teaching your children in your house . But , we believe in Santa and fairies . Your daughter took away something very special from my family . ' " Barranco , a Catholic school teacher , has since advised her children not to "  out " the jolly bearded man ; to let others believe if they 're so inclined . "  Note that the kid is not trying to be mean , but just ahead of the others in development of this concept , " says Tina Feigal , parenting coach , former school psychologist and author of "  The Pocket Coach for Parents . " "  Kids talk about what 's going on inside , which is natural for them , " Feigal said . "  No blame is needed . " When the situation arises , it is up to each individual parent to decide the best way to answer the question , says Fran Walfish , child and family psychotherapist and author of "  The Self-Aware Parent . " While the ages of belief vary greatly from individual to individual , Walfish says children under the age of 7 years old -- as evidenced in Barranco 's kindergarten class -- are likely to believe what their parents tell them . Between second and fourth grade is the peak of what Walfish refers to as the latency phase of child development , and is also the period during which parents can expect the question .  Eight-year-old Virginia O'Hanlon , who wrote the famous letter to the editor of New York 's Sun in 1891 , was right on schedule . "  The goal of adolescence is to resolve one 's separation from parents and emerge embracing his/her own ideas , opinions , and beliefs , " says Walfish . During this phase , parents can expect to see a spike in doubt : whether it 's the child insisting to go to the post office to hand-deliver his or her letter to the North Pole ; staying up late to guard the fireplace ; comparing handwritten gift tags with Dad 's chicken scratches to even questioning the logistics of the sleigh travel . For the last , former math teacher Benjamin John Coleman urged his students to think about the four dimensions of length , area , volume and time . "  We 're able to easily manipulate length , area and volume . For length , think about cutting a piece of string ; for area , think about cutting out a square from a piece of paper ; and for volume , think about filling a water balloon . The problem is we humans ca n't manipulate time like we can length , area and volume . " "  But what if Santa Claus could ? " he asks . "  He could make Christmas Eve 100 , 1,000 , or even 1,000,000 hours long -- just like we can cut a piece of string to any length . He 'd have plenty of time to deliver all those presents . " Wary children can follow Santa 's journey around the world by satellite on Christmas Eve , thanks to the North American Aerospace Defense Command  NORAD  , which started its holiday tradition in 1955 . NORAD , like Coleman , also suggests that "  the only logical conclusion is that Santa somehow functions within his own time-space continuum . " Tracking or not , ultimately any curiosity about the folklore is an opportunity to teach children about the importance of finding their own voice and truths in the world , says Paul Hokemeyer , a marriage and family therapist . "  Explain to them that the world is a diverse and large place where people hold different views on the same topic , " he says . "  And further explain that what 's important is to believe in what feels true at a particular moment in time and to hold on to it for however long as it feels honest and true . " Feigal also advocates letting your child come to his or her own conclusions , and that questioning things is a healthy sign of maturity . "  Adults need to take more of a ` curious stance ' than a ` fixing stance ' with this issue . Ask questions , and do n't be so quick to ` make it all better ' for your child , " recommends Feigal . "  Superman is a symbol of generosity , too , and we all ` believe in ' him . If Santa is in your heart , he 's real . " And as confusing as it may be for the child who still believes , it 's also confusing for the kids who know the truth , such as older siblings , says Walfish . Being told not to tell a younger brother or sister can be a burden for the elder secret-holder , so Walfish recommends advising them to reflect instead . "  Say , ` As you get older your ideas and belief may change . When we 're younger , it 's fun to believe in Santa Claus . " Most importantly for parents , 't is not the season to feel guilty about the Santa tradition -- should they choose to participate -- when the folklore is let out of the sleigh bag . "  Moms and dads need to relax and cut themselves some slack , " she says . "  You are not changing the truth for personal gain or deceit . Santa is part of our folklore . The celebration of Christmas has included Santa Claus for almost all young children . You are passing down the folklore , keeping up the tradition and allowing your child to fully enjoy the magic . "	What should a parent do when children corner them , asking about Santa ? Children younger than 7 are likely to believe what their parents tell them One answer : A lot of people believe different things about Santa
CNN  Anyone who has given birth -- or been an observer of the event -- knows how arduous it can be . But to do it live on the Internet ? With two hooves sticking out for several minutes in the midst of labor ? Luckily , Katie -- a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo -- is a champ . In an hour-long labor captured by 10 cameras and streamed live by Animal Planet , Katie gave birth to a not-so-little baby  about 6 feet tall  early Friday evening . There was no immediate word on the newborn 's gender or condition . But there were good signs , as seen on the live stream and Dallas Zoo 's Twitter feed -- like its ears moving , its efforts to stand , and its nursing  or at least trying to nurse  from mom . "  We 're so proud , " the zoo tweeted . The newcomer 's debut was a long time coming , especially when you count for Katie 's 15-month gestation period -- average for a giraffe , according to Animal Planet . The baby joins a sister , 4-year-old calf Jamie . It was n't immediately known how many people online saw Katie go into labor and give birth . But the giraffe definitely did have watchers in the form of fellow giraffes who saw the scene unfold from an abutting barn , one of them being Katie 's BFF Jade . The fact that the spunky Katie held up so well under the spotlight is n't a total shocker . The zoo describes her as the "  diva " among a herd of 12 giraffes at the zoo who loves to "  toss her head around " when she does n't like something . As Animal Planet noted , "  She 's one of the only giraffes at the Dallas Zoo who can stick her long tongue out on cue . " CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	Animal Planet captures Katie the giraffe 's labor and delivery The new baby wiggles its ears , rises , tries to nurse from its mom
CNN  -- As part of the investigation into the remains of 11 women found inside and outside the Cleveland , Ohio , home of a registered sex offender , police have turned to the self-described "  bug guy . " Joe Keiper , curator of invertebrate zoology from the Cleveland Museum of Natural History , started consulting with law enforcement in 2001 . His job is to identify the bugs found on bodies and determine their age , to help police determine the "  post-mortem interval " : the time between death and body discovery . It 's a grisly task but a useful one , as it can help police determine a timeline for deaths . Bugs "  can be the most important evidence when it comes to pinpointing a timeline , " Keiper said , adding that bugs ' sense of smell "  puts bloodhounds to shame . " And in this case , with 11 deaths -- each with their own mystery -- bugs could play a huge role in helping investigators figure out how and when each of these bodies ended up at the home of Anthony Sowell , 50 . From the beginning , Keiper was involved in the case of the remains found at Sowell 's home . All the remains are of African-American women , police said . All that remains of one victim is a skull , wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed into a bucket in the basement . Police conducted an additional search at Sowell 's home and an adjacent property Wednesday , Cleveland police Lt. Thomas Stacho said . Although "  various items " were removed , no more remains were found , he said . Police had used ground-penetrating radar to analyze the properties . Sowell , who served 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to attempted rape , now faces five counts of aggravated murder , rape , felonious assault and kidnapping in connection with the deaths . Typically , Keiper said , he requires three weeks to a month to complete a report on one body , but in the Sowell case , he hopes to have an initial report completed "  before Christmas . ... It is n't going to be a three-week process . " The difference between one bug and another can be "  minute , " with some of them looking "  very similar , " he said . But the minute difference can be huge in terms of bug species , as different species can tell very different stories about the time of death . For instance , there are only a few dozen species of flies in his part of Ohio , he said , but the presence or absence of each one can tell a story , since each has a different rate of growth in varying temperatures . Temperature will be a factor in this case , he said , because some of the bodies were found inside and others outside . Keiper said he 'll need to determine what effect the bodies being "  hidden " will have on the bugs he finds , as well . In research done with dead pigs , he said , bugs will cover the pig 's face within an hour . Keiper said his job is to be "  meticulous , " as any mistakes can disrupt an investigation . Preliminary information is generally not useful , he said , so he has not spoken to police or the coroner regarding any of his findings . Asked how exact his findings will be concerning time of death , he declined to answer , saying that would mean giving specifics on the conditions of the bodies when they were found . He said only that he believes he can do "  better than years " in trying to pinpoint a time of death for each victim . "  This is a singular situation that I hope is once in a lifetime , " he said of the Sowell case . "  This is something , for the sake of our society , I hope I never have to do again . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Consultant identifies bugs found on bodies and determines their age He is helping police investigate remains of 11 women found in Cleveland , Ohio His work could help authorities establish timeline in case
CNN  -- English football continues to troubled by the scourge of racism , according to a Parliamentary report . Over the last year England 's football authorities -- as well as England 's justice system -- have had to contend with racism cases involving Patrice Evra of Manchester United and Liverpool 's Luis Suarez as well as Chelsea 's John Terry and Anton Ferdinand of QPR . In December , the English Football Association handed Suarez an eight-match ban and a  # 40,000 fine after finding the Uruguayan guilty of racially abusing Evra , while in July , ex-England captain John Terry was cleared of racially abusing fellow footballer Anton Ferdinand at Westminster Magistrates ' Court "  Much has been done to improve the atmosphere and behaviour at football matches and it has become a much more family-friendly activity , " said chair of the Culture , Media and Sport  CMS  Committee John Whittingdale MP . "  However , recent incidents of racist abuse in the UK , both on and off the pitch , have highlighted the fact that there remain significant problems . "  It should be a priority for the FA to develop procedures for stewards to follow and regular training opportunities to ensure that all relevant staff at club grounds are capable of reacting swiftly and consistently to incidents of abuse . " And the CMS committee called on the FA to do more in tackling all forms of abuse in the game : "  While the general level of progress in combating racism and racist abuse in the UK is positive and should be applauded , there is much more that can and must be done , and we believe it is for the FA to take the lead and set the example for everyone , from football authorities at all levels to the grassroots groups , to follow . " The FA , the Premier League and the Football League issued a joint response to the CMS report . "  We agree with the Committee that whilst substantial progress has been made to promote equality and tackle discrimination in the game , challenges remain for all of the football authorities , " said their statement . "  We remain committed , along with all of our stakeholders , to promoting equality and diversity within the game and to the eradication of all forms of discrimination in football . "  We will continue to work across the entire breadth of the sport to deliver our inclusion and anti-discrimination agenda . In doing so , we will consider in detail how the Committee 's recommendations can support and influence this work . Evidence given to the CMS suggested that homophobia might now be the biggest problem football is facing . "  Recent research found that 25 % of fans think that football is homophobic while 10 % think that football is racist , " said the CMS , which wants the FA to promote a campaign to "  highlight the damaging effect of homophobic language and behaviour in around football at every level . " As well as identifying homophobic abuse as well as "  laddish " behaviour as significant problems , the report demanded a more active response from the authorities to racial abuse at grassroots level . The report noted that social media -- such as Twitter and online forums -- had been used to spread racist and abusive content but suggested the medium could be used more effectively to counteract the problem of abuse . " "  We believe that the football authorities should be using this developing forum for communication and debate , to spread positive messages about equality and diversity and also to speak out strongly against instances of racist abuse when they occur , " added Whittingdale . There are very few black managers in English football 's four divisions -- Chris Hughton is the only one in the Premier League -- and the CMS committee called for improved recruitment processes across all clubs and football authorities . "  More needs to be done to increase the diversity of the pool of candidates for coaches and referees , to embed the values of equality and diversity at all levels of the game , " said the report . Although Terry was cleared of racially abusing Ferdinand in the courts the ex-England captain faces an FA racial abuse charge on September 24 . The FA 's three-man Independent Regulatory Commission will judge that case "  on the balance of probabilities " , a lesser burden of proof than "  beyond reasonable doubt " which is used in the courts . English football is not the only sport that is currently facing the issue of racism . Toronto shortstop Yunel Escobar has been suspended for three games by the Blue Jays for wearing eye-black displaying a homophobic slur written in Spanish during a game last weekend against Boston .	A parliamentary report concludes racism a problem in English football Chelsea 's John Terry was recently cleared a racial abuse by a magistrate 's court Liverpool 's Luis Suarez was handed an eight-match ban for racial abuse last year The English FA urged to do more to tackle all forms of abuse in the game
CNN  -- Suspected Islamic insurgents fired mortar rounds at a plane carrying Somalia 's transitional president , but no one -- including Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed -- was harmed , a presidential spokesman said . Somali President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed , pictured late last month during a visit to France . The attack happened while the plane was about to take off from Mogadishu 's airport Sunday around 11 a.m. local time , spokesman Hussien Mohammed Huubsireb said . "  Al-Shaabab has actually tried to harm to president , but thank God nobody was hurt , " Huubsireb said . Al-Shaabab is an Islamic militia that is trying to seize control of Somalia . It is a splinter group of the Islamic Courts Union , which ousted Somalia 's transitional government in 2006 . The ICU was deposed in December of that year following Ethiopia 's military invasion . Bloody battles between Al-Shaabab and the Ethiopian-backed government forces in Mogadishu have forced residents to flee the capital . More than 40,000 displaced civilians have taken shelter in dozens of makeshift settlements west of Mogadishu , described by the United Nations as "  precarious conditions . " Sunday 's mortar attack is the second assassination attempt on Ahmed . The president survived a car bombing in September 2006 outside Somalia 's parliament in Baidoa that killed at least eight others . Somalia 's Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Gedi has been more frequently targeted by the Islamic insurgents seeking to destabilize the government . Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 , when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting . Somalia 's current transitional government is trying to maintain control of the capital , with the help of the better-equipped Ethiopian forces . But the presence of the Ethiopians has united various Islamic militant groups in Somalia , including Al-Shaabab , who are trying to oust the Ethiopian forces and gain control of Mogadishu . The United States classified Al-Shaabab as a terrorist organization in March , partly because of what Washington says is the group 's close ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda militant group .	Suspected Islamic rebels fire at a plane carrying Somalia 's transitional president Plane attacked as about to take off from Mogadishu , no injuries reported Attack is the second assassination attempt on Ahmed after car bomb in 2006 Somalia in chaos since 1991 , when warlords deposed dictator Mohamed Siad Barre
CNN  -- Now that Republicans have won control of the Senate , Washington is awash with rumors and speculation about how President Barack Obama and the GOP Congress will get along . Armchair Dr. Phils are already yakking about how the two sides should just get along "  for the sake of the children ... er , country . " But this is not a troubled marriage . It 's more complicated than even that . Rather than look to the psychobabble of self-help , we should look at the hard-earned successes of difficult peace negotiations between nations . President Obama , House Speaker John Boehner and presumptive Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell should begin with what peace negotiators call "  Confidence Building Measures . " CBM 's between nation begin with cultural exchanges -- like sending American ping-pong players to China . This is why a bourbon summit would be useful , and I hope Sen. McConnell takes the President up on his offer . But once you 've broken the ice by breaking out the bourbon , where do you go ? What issues do you start negotiating ? The easier ones . It is a troubling sign that , in their post-election press conferences , both Obama and McConnell kept circling back to immigration . At one level this is obvious : Immigration is an important national priority on which the two parties seem deeply divided . That 's why they should not start with immigration . Instead they should start small . One place where Newt Gingrich and Bill Clinton found they could agree , when they were at this juncture in the mid-1990s was biomedical research . Each wanted to build on America 's lead in the field , and so they passed legislation to double funding for the National Institutes of Health over five years .  The five years extended into the George W. Bush presidency , and to his credit he honored the deal . The NIH has been in the news recently , since its director , Dr. Francis Collins , said we would already have an Ebola vaccine but for budget cuts . It is simply true that , after the Clinton-Gingrich-Bush increase , NIH funding has flat-lined . In fact , NIH has lost 25 % of its purchasing power , due to budget constraints and the moronic policy sequester . Boosting NIH would be good for the economy . A $ 3 billion investment championed by Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin and signed into law by President George H.W. Bush paid for the research that decoded the human genome . That $ 3 billion investment has spurred -- get this -- $ 965 billion in economic activity , including 53,000 new jobs and $ 290 billion in personal income , according to a study by the Battelle Technology Partnership Practice for United for Medical Research , a coalition of research institutions , patient and health advocates and private industry . Boosting NIH is also good politics . I am on the Board of Visitors of MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston . MD Anderson is the number-one recipient of research grants from the National Cancer Institute , which is part of NIH . And you know which senators have MD Anderson in their state ? You got it : Ted Cruz and John Cornyn . One a tea party favorite and one a Chamber of Commerce hero . If they would get on board with boosting NIH funding , a whole lot of their constituents on both sides of the aisle would be happy . Championing biomedical research did not dent Newt Gingrich 's conservative credentials , nor did it hurt Bill Clinton among liberals . Because cancer knows no partisan boundaries . One in two American men will develop cancer . One in two . And one in three American women will . If you 're reading this at the office  I promise not to tell  look around : Half the guys and a third of the women will , one day , sit in an office and hear a doc say , "  You have cancer . " Think about that as you have dinner with your family , when you 're at a football game this weekend or in church this Sunday . President Obama lost his mother and grandmother to cancer . Mitch McConnell beat polio . Each of them know the pain of loss and the promise of biomedical research . So my advice to them is to start with the basics : basic science , and then work their way up to the more intractable problems .	Paul Begala : Bourbon summit for Obama , McConnell a good idea . Here 's what to talk about : Medical research funding was common ground for Gingrich , Clinton at similar political juncture Begala says they pushed doubling NIH funding in 5 years ; it benefited nation , economy Begala : No NIH funding stalled . Boosting it is good politics , a good place for the two to start
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration is withholding some military aid to Egypt as it reviews how to proceed with any future help as deadly political violence continued to flare , a U.S. official told CNN . But the White House said repeatedly on Tuesday any suggestion aid had been halted beyond two areas that have already been announced was inaccurate , and that a review of all assistance programs to Egypt is ongoing and no determination had been made involving the results of that assessment . "  Providing foreign assistance is not like a spigot . You do n't turn it off and on or turn it up or down like a faucet . Assistance is provided episodically . That is , it 's provided in specific tranches , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said . "  There are tranches of assistance that have gone to Egypt . There are also some that have been stopped , " he said , noting the cancellation of military exercises in September and the delay of fighter jet shipments . But David Carle , a spokesman for Sen. Patrick Leahy , confirmed to CNN on Monday that his office was told that military aid has been halted . Leahy , a Vermont Democrat , is chairman of the committee that oversees such funding . "  As we noted yesterday , the State Department and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee was told that the transfer of military aid was stopped , that this is current practice , not necessarily official policy , and there is no indication of how long it will last , " an aide to Leahy reiterated in a statement on Tuesday . But the U.S. official who spoke anonymously said the move is being described as a "  reprogramming " of some funds to Egypt . In effect , Washington is temporarily holding up some assistance as it prepares for the possibility future help could be cut . That official emphasized no decision has been made to permanently halt assistance and the administration would consult with Congress before deciding how to proceed once its review is completed . But Earnest said the term "  reprogramming " is not correct , and that the current approach is partly designed to "  preserve some flexibility " so that the review can give President Barack Obama a "  range of options " once it 's finished . "  I think that would probably be maybe a more accurate way of describing this , " he said . What it means The situation is an enormously sensitive matter , seeing that Egypt is a key ally at peace with Israel and a strategic lynchpin in the volatile Middle East . If the United States were to designate the military 's ouster of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy a "  coup , " it would have to cancel aid and could n't restore it until a democratic government is established . So far , it has n't applied that designation , but stepped up clashes over the past week between security forces and pro-Morsy demonstrators that have killed 900 people has heightened pressure to take stronger action . Egyptian security forces may have upped the ante on Tuesday by arresting Mohamed Badie , a spiritual leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , the long-repressed political movement that propelled Morsy to office . State-run Nile TV said Badie is accused of inciting violence . But if Washington continues with its current approach , it can withhold aid as long as it thinks doing so would be in its best interest . The United States could restore the aid without needing a legal determination that a democratic government has returned . If , for example , Egypt stops the bloodshed , the aid could quickly resume . Earnest said on Monday the purpose of the review is to determine the potential impact on U.S. national security , whether the law is being followed and what will result in the "  kind of outcome " that the United States is pressing for , a prompt return to a democratically elected civilian leadership . He said U.S. involvement extends beyond a military relationship and includes influence at the International Monetary Fund as well as on tourism . Billions in aid on the line : What will the U.S. do ? ` Damned if you do ... ' More than half of Americans in a new poll believe the United States should halt military aid . But the situation is complex . "  The United States is kind of in a ` damned if you do , damned if you do n't ' situation , " said Tarek Radwan , associate director for research at the Atlantic Council . Analyst Jon Alterman said the issue centers on what Washington wants to accomplish . "  If you are trying to change the decision-making process of the Egyptian military -- that is very hard to do right now because they believe they are locked in an existential struggle , " said Alterman , Middle East program director at the Center for Strategic & International Studies . "  If what you are trying to do is demonstrate our resolve to the rest of the world and people looking on , that is another issue . " But the aid is n't one-sided . The United States has been granted preferential use of the Suez Canal -- an economic hub that connects the Mediterranean and the Red Sea . It also has overflight rights , which gives the U.S. military the ability to fly over Egypt on the way to bases in the region . Will cutting aid do anything ? Cutting aid will probably not accomplish much , some experts say -- particularly because Saudi Arabia has said it would consider matching the U.S. assistance if the Obama administration decides to cut it . "  Our Congress is not about to compete with that amount of money in Egypt , " said Isobel Coleman , senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  The Saudis  have deep pockets , and they are ready to put them in Egypt 's disposal . " But Radwan said there could be a net effect . If the United States diversifies its engagement with Egypt , "  not only the Obama administration , but any administration after would have for more policy flexibility , " he said . CNN 's Chris Lawrence , Dan Merica , Kevin Bohn and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Congressional office said the United States has halted military aid to Egypt White House said some aid stopped , but it can not be turned on and off like a faucet Obama spokesman said review of aid to Egypt ongoing ; no decisions made on future assistance Egypt has been embroiled in violence amid clashes between security forces and Morsy supporters
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova has been forced out of the U.S. Open with a right shoulder injury , continuing a turbulent few months for the four-time grand slam winner . The world No. 3 is suffering from bursitis , which occurs when a small , fluid-filled sac forms under the skin . "  I have done everything I could since Wimbledon to get myself ready but it just was n't enough time , " Sharapova said in a statement released on her website . "  I have done many tests , received several opinions and it all comes down to taking the proper amount of time to heal my shoulder injury properly . It 's certainly not an easy decision to make ahead of one of my favorite tournaments , but I know it 's the right one that will get me back on the courts soon . "  I plan on taking the next few weeks off , receiving proper treatment and rehabilitation . I will miss being part of the US Open , but ca n't wait for next year . " After losing to Portuguese qualifier Michelle Larcher De Brito in the second round of Wimbledon in June , the Russian ended her three-year partnership with coach Thomas Hogstedt . She then hired legendary eight-time grand slam winner Jimmy Connors as his replacement , but that was ended after just one match , her second-round defeat to American starlet Sloane Stephens at the Western and Southern Open in Cincinnati . The 2006 U.S. Open champion had reportedly agreed to have her father coach her throughout the year 's final grand slam . Sharapova grabbed the headlines earlier this week amid suggestions she was set to change her name to "  Sugarpova " for the duration of tournament , a marketing stunt designed to promote her candy range . Her representatives , however , told CNN that it would be "  too complicated . " In Sharapova 's absence Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska will be instated as the third seed for Thursday 's draw . Home fans suffered a blow with the news that American Mardy Fish has withdrawn from tournament as he continues to struggle with ongoing health issues . The former world No. 7 has been battling a heart condition which first came to light in May 2012 and required him to have surgery to correct faulty electrical connections within his heart . Fish has already missed the Australian and French Opens and Wimbledon this year . Earlier this week he was forced to withdraw from his match with Jarkko Nieminen at the Winston-Salem Open . "  Friends , unfortunately my health wo n't allow me to compete this year at the US Open . Thank you for all your support , " the 31-year-old announced on his official Twitter account . Fish reached the fourth round at Flushing Meadows in each of the last three years and was a quarterfinalist in 2008 .	Maria Sharapova pulls out of the U.S. Open with a shoulder injury The world No. 3 was a champion at Flushing Meadows in 2006 She is replaced as third seed by Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska Former U.S. No. 1 Mardy Fish to miss the U.S. Open due to health issues
CNN  Late last month , the U.S. Senate voted to approve the siting of the Keystone pipeline by a vote of 62-36 . This vote will ultimately have little impact on the project 's future as President Barack Obama has promised to veto the legislation . Nevertheless , the process by which the Senate considered this highly partisan issue was truly remarkable . Over three weeks , the Senate debated and voted on 41 amendments -- nearly three times as many amendments as were considered during all of 2014 . Moreover , the process was cordial , occasionally intense and at times even suspenseful . While covering a wide variety of topics , the amendments were all substantive and reasonably related to the topic of the proposed legislation . Votes were taken on delaying the effective date of the pipeline ; requiring campaign finance disclosures for those benefiting from tar sands development ; and removing the lesser prairie chicken from the threatened species list . Several amendments were adopted including bipartisan legislation to accelerate energy efficiency and a widely supported resolution acknowledging that climate change is real and not a hoax . Given the authentic opportunity to debate , Democrats responded in kind , agreeing to a fixed number of amendments and a endorsing a process for final consideration of the legislation . This blast of engagement is not a testament to the exceptional or unique significance of the Keystone debate . It is also not a coincidence . Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has committed to restoring the Senate 's deliberative process even if it means spending more time in Washington and subjecting his caucus to the occasional "  tough vote . " The Senate 's ability to conduct this productive process while considering a hotly contested and highly partisan issue is an early sign that both Republicans and Democrats are up to the challenge . The more open debate created an obligation and opportunity for Energy Committee Chair Lisa Murkowski , R-Alaska , to work closely with the committee 's ranking member , Sen. Maria Cantwell , D-Washington . Energy policy is often a topic that can generate bipartisan support , and this early legislative activity is promising , even if the debate was partisan and at times even harsh . More fundamentally , that the full Senate spent long hours together in the chamber is a breakthrough . The process may be laborious , but it 's the essence of our democracy . To appreciate the ramifications of a return to active deliberation , it is necessary to understand the dynamics at the heart of congressional gridlock . The usual diagnosis of our government 's recent dysfunction is that toxic polarization and anger are preventing deliberation . But the reverse is equally true : the absence of deliberation has also caused exasperation , enmity and toxic polarization . In the six years that former Democratic Sen. Mark Begich of Alaska served in the Senate , he did not have a single amendment considered on the Senate floor -- not one . Imagine a pilot who is never allowed to fly a plane or a surgeon barred from the operating room and you 'll get a sense of the exasperation felt by those serving in a dysfunctional democracy . Centrist Democrat Joe Manchin lamented last year that his worst day as governor of West Virginia was better than his best day as a U.S. senator . And yet another senator grudgingly described his job to me as that of a "  glorified telemarketer who occasionally gets to vote to confirm an assistant secretary of education . " This boiling resentment must be channeled somewhere , and much of it follows the path of least resistance -- feeding the foul mood and partisan rancor that undermines collaboration . Even when the vast majority of amendments are defeated , the very act of being heard serves as a safety valve , releasing some of the steam and reducing the likelihood that issues blow up . Moreover , the ability to debate amendments provides an incentive for building coalitions . Why take on the political risk of pushing an idea that is at odds with leadership or orthodoxy if you 'll never even be heard ? An additional reason McConnell may be opening up the process is that the political strategy of avoiding tough votes was , thankfully , a big flop in the 2014 elections . All of the seven purple state Democrats that Sen. Harry Reid sought to protect lost their seats . In each contest , these Democrats were aggressively challenged for voting in lockstep with the President 's agenda . Given the opportunity to take some "  tough votes , " they might have been able to demonstrate independence and courage . Looking to the future , the real question is whether McConnell can sustain his promise in light of the time commitment and occasional "  gotcha " amendments that go along with open debate . There have been few opportunities of late to extol American democracy . Let 's hope our leaders seize and build upon this opportunity to restore the wisdom and character of the U.S. Senate .	Jason Grumet : Keystone legislation is likely to be vetoed , but process was encouraging He says the Senate is returning to its tradition of more open deliberation
CNN  -- Six teenagers and one of their fathers were found guilty by a Dutch court Monday of the killing of an amateur football linesman last year . The 50-year-old adult was sentenced to six years in jail , with five of the teenagers given the maximum sentence of two years in youth detention . The other will serve one year . Richard Nieuwenhuizen , 41 , was set upon by his seven attackers after officiating at a youth match between his son 's football team , SC Buitenboys and Nieuw Sloten in Almere , near Amsterdam on December 2 , 2012 . The father of three walked away after the beating , but later collapsed and died in hospital the next day . "  The court finds that there is sufficient legal proof that all suspects had a share in the very powerful and violent kicks and kicks to the head and upper body , " read the ruling in finding the seven guilty of manslaughter , public violence and brutality . An eighth defendant , a 15-year-old , was cleared of the killing but sentenced to a 30 days detention for assaulting the linesman and the SC Buitenboys goalkeeper . The defense case had claimed that a rare medical disorder contributed to Nieuwenhuizen 's death , but this was rejected by judges , who ruled it was as a result of "  serious violence against him . " The tragic incident sent shockwaves through Dutch football , which is renowned for its production of talented young players through amateur youth system , and made headlines across the world . FIFA President Sepp Blatter sent his condolences -- all 33,000 amateur games across the Netherlands the following weekend were canceled -- and a minute 's silence was also observed at all Dutch professional league matches . At Nieuwenhuizen 's funeral , hundreds lined the streets to pay their respects , with players from SC Buitenboys , bedecked in their blue and white colors , forming a guard of honor as his hearse entered the crematorium in Almere . Four teenagers were immediately arrested almost immediately after the attack , with three others and the father of one of the Nieuw Sloten players held a week later . The trial in Lelystad began on May 29 , with several members of Nieuwenhuizen 's family in attendance as a panel of judges heard the evidence .	Guilty verdicts over kicking to death of Dutch football official Richard Nieuwenhuizen was set upon after acting as a linesman at a junior match Six teenagers and one of their fathers jailed Tragic incident received worldwide attention last year
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The United Nations is reviewing its security procedures after an attack on a private guesthouse in central Kabul killed five U.N. staff members Wednesday . However , the agency 's leader said it would not blink in carrying out its "  noble mission " in war-ravaged Afghanistan . Speaking to reporters at the United Nations , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told reporters that the United Nations remains committed to working in Afghanistan , where workers from the world body have been helping the fledgling government plan a second round of the country 's flawed presidential elections . In addition to the five U.N. staff members who were killed the carnage also wounded nine others , Ban said . The U.S. State Department said one American working for the United Nations was among the dead . Of the non-U.N. employees , three Afghans were killed . Ban said there were at least 25 U.N. staff members at the guest house , including 17 members of the U.N. election team . "  This is a sad day and very difficult day for the United Nations , " Ban said , condemning the "  shocking and shameless act and the terrorists who committed this crime " and noting that the incident is a reminder of how tough the U.N. job is in Afghanistan . Ban said he was assured by Kai Eide , the top U.N. official in Afghanistan , that Afghan President Hamid Karzai has instructed his Interior Ministry to provide strengthened security , and he said the United Nations will also take necessary measures to beef up security -- in other areas of the country as well as Kabul . "  We will , of course , review our security procedures , as we do regularly for the Afghanistan mission as a whole . We will take all necessary measures to protect our staff , " Ban said . In the strike , weapons fire and explosions pounded the heart of the capital starting about 6 a.m. local time . The fighting began as sporadic gunfire , but intensified over time , lasting more than an hour . The attack took place in a relatively secure section of the capital , in the vicinity of a number of government buildings , and the firefight , which included machine-gun fire and rocket-propelled grenades , appeared to be concentrated near the guesthouse . A plume of black smoke rose from the compound . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , saying on an insurgent Web site that three militants killed 50 foreigners , who were election organizers . The claim did not include specific details and could not be independently confirmed . The violence comes 10 days ahead of a presidential runoff election on November 7 . Taliban militants have threatened to disrupt the polling . Officials said three militants were killed . One was shot dead by an Afghan soldier , and another wearing an explosives vest died when it was detonated . Karzai condemned the violence , as did the United States and the European Union . The second round of the presidential election -- a runoff between Karzai and Abdullah Abdullah -- comes after a first round marred with complaints of fraud , and the polling has led war critics to question whether the United States and other nations should invest their money and lives in a country where the government appears corrupt . Ban addressed the problems of government corruption and the drug trade , saying that he has urged Karzai to deal with the issues . If the matters are n't confronted , Ban said , it will not be possible to expect to have a credible government . He also urged the Afghan government to engage in politically conciliatory dialogue with many ethnic group leaders and regional country leaders . There had been an increase in international troop levels this year to provide security for the Afghan election in August , and the United States is considering the deployment of more troops to the country . The issue of security came up at the daily White House news conference . Spokesman Robert Gibbs said the administration is confident there are "  appropriate resources to conduct the election and that the Afghan process wo n't be thwarted . " CNN 's Chris Lawrence and Tom Evans contributed to this report .	Taliban militants attack guesthouse in central Kabul killing up to five U.N. staff At least two militants died in the firefight ; nine U.N. staff wounded Two rockets hit a hotel in another attack in the heart of the city Weapons fire , explosions ripped through central Kabul , starting about 6 a.m. local time
CNN  -- Stocks on key Asian exchanges dropped modestly early Monday on what is likely to be an eventful day in world markets , following Standard and Poor 's downgrade of the U.S. credit rating . In early Tokyo trading , the Nikkei index fell 124 points , or 1.3 % . South Korea 's KOSPI index slipped 1.6 % . In Australia , the All Ordinaries index lost 0.7 % . The Shanghai composite started 0.8 % lower . Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index tumbled 2.6 % at the open . Similarly , U.S. stock futures fell around 1.7 % in early electronic trading Sunday . The futures were the first U.S. gauge of investor sentiment following Friday night 's downgrade , removing the United States ' AAA status for the first time . They give an indication of how investors will react when regular-hours U.S. trading begins at 9:30 a.m. ET Monday . Besides the U.S. downgrade , investors are concerned about the debt crisis in some European nations , though actions on the part of the G7 and the European Central Bank Sunday helped to allay some of those fears . Financial representatives of leading industrial nations said they are committed to taking "  all necessary measures to support financial stability and growth in a spirit of close cooperation and confidence . " They welcomed the "  decisive actions taken in the U.S. and Europe " and "  the additional policy measures announced by Italy and Spain to strengthen fiscal discipline and underpin the recovery in economic activity and job creation . " "  We are committed to taking coordinated action where needed , to ensuring liquidity , and to supporting financial market functioning , financial stability and economic growth , " G7 finance ministers and central bank governors said in a Sunday night statement . Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner had been expected to take part in a conference call with representatives of the other G7 nations to discuss the downgraded U.S. credit rating , a G7 official told CNN . The G7 nations are the United Kingdom , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Canada and the United States . Similarly , the European Central Bank made a bid to calm markets Sunday . It said it would implement a bond-purchase program and welcomed announcements by Italy and Spain on new measures meant to reduce their deficits . It told the governments of those countries that a "  decisive and swift implementation " of reforms is "  essential . " The move represents an escalation in the official response to Europe 's debt crisis , which is now more than a year old and until recently was contained to smaller economies like Greece , Ireland and Portugal . International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde cheered the announcements . "  I welcome the statements from the European Central Bank , from the leaders of Germany and France as well as from the G7 , and their renewed commitment to take all necessary action in a coordinated way to ensure stability and liquidity in the financial markets . This cooperation will contribute to maintaining confidence and spurring global economic growth , " she said in a statement . Middle Eastern markets , the first to open since the downgrade , were sharply lower on Sunday . Israel 's market temporarily halted trading at one point and finished down more than 6 % , while the Dubai Financial Market General Index fell 3.7 % . The General Index on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange was down more than 2.5 % , while in Saudi Arabia , the Tadawul All-Share Index dropped nearly 5.5 % in trading Saturday . U.S. officials are talking to a "  wide range of investors " about the downgrade by the credit agency to try to "  mitigate " any short-term negative impact from Friday 's announcement , a Treasury official told CNN . Top Standard & Poor 's officials said Sunday that the downgraded credit rating for the United States was both a call for political consensus on significant deficit reduction and a warning of possible further credit problems down the road . "  We have a negative outlook on the rating and that means that we think the risks currently on the rating are to the downside , " said David Beers , the S&P global head of sovereign ratings , on "  Fox News Sunday . " However , Beers said markets were reacting to the debt crises in some European countries and fears of a global economic slump , rather than the U.S. credit downgrade alone . John Chambers , the S&P head of sovereign ratings , told ABC 's "  This Week " program Saturday that it could take years for the United States to return to AAA status . "  Well , if history is a guide , it could take a while , " Chambers said . "  We 've had five governments that lost their AAA that got it back . The amount of time that it took for those five range from nine years to 18 years , so it takes a while . " The agency 's concerns "  are centered on the political side and on the fiscal side , " Chambers said . "  So it would take a stabilization of the debt as a share of the economy and eventual decline , " he said . "  And it would take , I think , more ability to reach consensus in Washington than what we 're observing now . " Both Beers and Bill Miller , chairman and chief investment officer at Legg Mason Capital Management , told the Fox program that they do n't expect the U.S. downgrade to cause a spike in interest rates , one of the possible results of the higher risk now attached to U.S. debt . "  I do n't think we 'll pay more in interest , " Miller said , calling the downgrade more of a symbolic event than an economic event . However , he warned of continuing market volatility in coming days driven by uncertainty . Rating agencies such as S&P , Moody 's and Fitch analyze risk and give debt a grade that is supposed to reflect the borrower 's ability to repay its loans . The safest bets are stamped AAA . That 's where the U.S. debt has stood for years . Moody 's first assigned the United States an AAA rating in 1917 . Fitch and Moody 's , the other two main credit ratings agencies , maintained the AAA rating for the United States after last week 's debt deal , though Moody 's lowered its outlook on U.S. debt to "  negative . " A negative outlook indicates the possibility that Moody 's could downgrade the country 's sovereign credit rating within a year or two . U.S. Treasury officials received S&P 's analysis Friday afternoon and alerted the agency to an error that inflated U.S. deficits by $ 2 trillion , said an administration official , who was not authorized to speak for attribution . The agency acknowledged the mistake , but said it was sticking with its decision . The administration official called it "  a facts-be-damned decision ... Their analysis was way off , but they would n't budge . " Saturday , Gene Sperling , director of Obama 's National Economic Council , criticized S&P 's call . "  The magnitude of their error and the amateurism it displayed , combined with their willingness to simply change on the spot their lead rationale in their press release once the error was pointed out , was breathtaking . It smacked of an institution starting with a conclusion and shaping any arguments to fit it , " he said . But Beers defended his agency 's move on Sunday , telling the Fox program : "  The underlying debt burden of the U.S. government is rising and will continue to rise over the next decade . " CNN 's Tom Cohen , Kyung Lah and Mark Meinero contributed to this report .	Losses are modest in Tokyo , Seoul , Sydney and Shanghai Investors are weighing both the downgrade and the European debt crisis G7 leaders say they are committed to taking "  all necessary measures " U.S. stock futures tumble around 1.7 % in early electronic trading
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Taliban leaders are holding Saudi-brokered talks with the Afghan government to end the country 's bloody conflict -- and are severing their ties with al Qaeda , sources close to the historic discussions have told CNN . King Abdullah of Saudia Arabia hosted meetings between the Afghan government and the Taliban , a source says . The militia , which has been intensifying its attacks on the U.S.-led coalition that toppled it from power in 2001 for harboring Osama bin Laden 's terrorist network , has been involved in four days of talks hosted by Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah , says the source . The talks -- the first of their kind aimed at resolving the lengthy conflict in Afghanistan -- mark a significant move by the Saudi leadership to take a direct role in Afghanistan , hosting delegates who have until recently been their enemies . They also mark a sidestepping of key "  war on terror " ally Pakistan , frequently accused of not doing enough to tackle militants sheltering on its territory , which has previously been a conduit for talks between the Saudis and Afghanistan . According to the source , fugitive Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar -- high on the U.S. military 's most-wanted list -- was not present , but his representatives were keen to stress the reclusive cleric is no longer allied to al Qaeda . Details of the Taliban leader 's split with al Qaeda have never been made public before , but the new claims confirm what another source with an intimate knowledge of the militia and Mullah Omar has told CNN in the past . The current round of talks , said to have been taken two years of intense behind-the-scenes negotiations to come to fruition , is anticipated to be the first step in a long process to secure a negotiated end to the conflict . But U.S. - and Europe-friendly Saudi Arabia 's involvement has been propelled by a mounting death toll among coalition troops amid a worsening violence that has also claimed many civilian casualties . A Saudi source familiar with the talks confirmed that they happened and said the Saudis take seriously their role in facilitating discussions between parties to the conflict . A second round of talks is scheduled to take place in two months , the Saudi source said . The Afghan government believes the Taliban can not be defeated militarily , and the Taliban believe that they ca n't win a war against the U.S.-led coalition in Afghanistan , the Saudi source said . The involvement of the Saudis is also seen as an expression of fear that Iran could take advantage of U.S. failings in Afghanistan , as it is seen to be doing in Iraq . Several Afghan sources familiar with Iranian activities in Afghanistan have said Iranian officials and diplomats who are investing in business and building education facilities are lobbying politicians in Kabul . Learn more about King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia " The Afghan sources wish to remain anonymous due to their political roles . Coalition commanders regularly accuse Iran of arming the Taliban , and Western diplomats privately suggest that Iran is working against U.S. interests in Afghanistan , making it harder to bring peace . Saudi sources say perceived Iranian expansionism is one of Saudi Arabia 's biggest concerns . Watch CNN 's Nic Robertson report on the meeting " The talks in Mecca took place between September 24 and 27 and involved 11 Taliban delegates , two Afghan government officials , a representative of former mujahadeen commander and U.S. foe Gulbadin Hekmatyar , and three others . King Abdullah broke fast during the Eid al-Fitr holiday with the 17-member Afghan delegation -- an act intended to show his commitment to ending the conflict . Eid al-Fitr marks the end of Ramadan , the Muslim holy month of fasting . Learn more about Ramadan " Saudi Arabia was one of only three countries that recognized the Taliban leadership during its rule over Afghanistan in the 1990s , but that relationship was severed over Mullah Omar 's refusal to hand over bin Laden . During the talks , described as an ice breaker , all parties agreed that the only solution to Afghanistan 's conflict is through dialogue , not fighting . Further talks are expected in Saudi Arabia involving this core group and others .	King Abdullah hosted talks in city of Mecca at end of September , source says Saudi Arabia has generally dealt with Afghanistan through Pakistan Talks are the first aimed at bringing a negotiated settlement to the Afghan conflict All parties agreed only solution to Afghan conflict is dialogue , not fighting
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The worst oil spill in U.S. history has heated up the debate about how to feed the nation with cleaner , safer energy . The argument over whether to "  drill baby drill " -- the 2008 GOP campaign mantra -- returned in April after a deadly oil rig blast spilled millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico . The disaster threatened jobs in the nation 's seafood and tourism industries and hundreds of miles of sensitive wetlands , marshes and wildlife . The spill came as President Obama was backing expanded offshore oil drilling and as Congress considered wide-ranging energy legislation aimed at cutting pollution and U.S. dependency on foreign oil . Before BP 's Gulf oil disaster , Obama 's late March proposal called for opening swaths of U.S. coastal waters in the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico to oil and natural gas drilling . After the spill , Obama said offshore drilling is key to "  our energy future , " but it can move forward only with assurances that the Gulf disaster wo n't be repeated . The president halted drilling permits for new wells and ordered inspections of all deepwater operations . Former GOP vice presidential nominee and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin -- who in 2008 called on the U.S. to "  drill baby drill " in the protected Arctic National Wildlife Refuge -- tweeted that Obama should offset his drilling moratorium by "  correspondingly " allowing "  more onshore drilling , including ANWR reserves . Domestic oil 's still required in US industry . " Will the spill change Obama 's oil policy ? Senate Democrats gave up on their goal of passing a slimmed-down energy bill before August recess . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid blamed unified Republican opposition to the proposal . "  It 's a sad day when you ca n't find a handful of Republicans to support a bill that would create 70,000 clean-energy jobs , hold BP accountable , and look at a future as it relates to what BP did . " Republicans pointed at Reid . "  Sen. Reid is predictably blaming Republicans for standing in the way of a bill that he threw together in secret and without input from almost any other member of the Senate , " said Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , the top Republican on the energy committee . "  Process alone guaranteed its failure , although substance would have as well had Sen. Reid actually brought his bill up for debate or a vote . " The Democratic bill had been stripped of its most controversial components such as limits on carbon emissions . The remaining legislation would have eliminated a $ 75-million cap on economic damages that offshore oil drillers would be responsible for . It would have reformed federal government oversight of offshore drilling . It encouraged the use of natural gas engines in commercial trucks ; and it promoted high efficiency appliances in homes . Republicans planned to offer an alternative bill that included lifting the Obama administration 's blanket moratorium on deepwater drilling , setting up a bipartisan commission with subpoena power to investigate the Gulf oil disaster and propose reforms , and allowing for revenue sharing for states that permit offshore drilling . An energy bill passed last year by the House of Representatives included a controversial cap-and-trade system . The system would set a price for greenhouse gas emissions , such as carbon dioxide , and polluters would obtain and trade credits for emissions over a set threshold . Republicans and oil and coal producers oppose such a plan . Supporters say it 's the best way to begin reducing U.S. dependence on fossil fuels . Would a nuclear power comeback be a good thing ? Obama has been a key figure in energy talks among lawmakers . In late June , he met with a bipartisan group of senators at the White House to discuss passing an energy and climate change bill this year . The president had expressed hope that something could be done . "  There was agreement on the sense of urgency required to move forward with legislation , and the president is confident that we will be able to get something done this year , " the White House said in a statement . Obama told senators that he believed the best way to make a transition to a clean-energy economy is with a bill that "  makes clean energy the profitable kind of energy for America 's businesses by putting a price on pollution , " the statement said . CNN Congressional Producer Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Worst U.S. oil spill heightens debate over ways to feed nation 's energy needs NEW : Senate shelves slimmed-down energy bill , blaming GOP opposition NEW : Senator says Sen. Harry Reid rushed bill through without trying to win GOP support
CNN  -- Craggy-faced film , television and stage actor James Whitmore has died at 87 , the Los Angeles County , California , Sheriff 's Department confirmed Saturday . Actor James Whitmore , pictured in December 2006 , had a 60-year career on stage , in films and on television . Details of his death and funeral arrangements were not available . Whitmore notably portrayed Harry Truman , Will Rogers and Theodore Roosevelt in one-man stage shows and created memorable characters in many movies and TV shows , including "  The Twilight Zone . " According to entertainment Web site IMDb.com , Whitmore won a Tony award in 1948 for his gritty Broadway portrayal of an Army sergeant in "  Command Decision " but was replaced by Van Johnson in the film version . Whitmore won a Golden Globe and was nominated for an Oscar for his performance in the 1949 film "  Battleground . " He was nominated for a Best Actor Oscar in 1976 for "  Give 'Em Hell , Harry , " the film version of his one-man show about Truman . The actor won an Emmy in 2000 for his performance as Raymond Oz in a three-episode arc on the ABC legal drama "  The Practice , " according to IMDb.com . Movie fans may remember his subtle portrayal of aging prison inmate Brooks Hatlen in 1994 's "  The Shawshank Redemption " with Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman . He played U.S. Navy Adm. William F. Halsey in the World War II epic "  Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! " and was an imperious ape in the 1968 classic "  Planet of the Apes . " Whitmore looked natural in cowboy boots and hat , appearing in such TV series as "  Bonanza , " "  The Virginian " and "  Gunsmoke . " He also did commercials for Miracle-Gro plant foods . According to IMDb.com , Whitmore was born in 1921 in White Plains , New York . He was married four times : twice to Nancy Mygatt , for four years in the '70s to actress Audra Lindley , and since 2001 to actress Noreen Nash . He was the father of three children , including actor-director James Whitmore Jr. .	Actor known for one-man stage portrayals of Truman , Will Rogers , Teddy Roosevelt He had memorable roles in "  Twilight Zone , " "  Shawshank Redemption " Whitmore appeared in several television Westerns He won Tony , Golden Globe , Emmy and was nominated for Oscar
CNN  -- Less than a week after Brandt Snedeker picked up an eye watering $ 11.5 million check as he claimed the FedEx Cup , the best golfers from the United States and Europe will go head to head with not a dime on the line and with nothing to play for but pride itself . The 39th Ryder Cup matches at Medinah Country Club in Chicago will be watched by packed and partisan galleries and a huge global television audience , but for the 12 players on each team overall victory in the biennial team event is all that matters . They are playing for expenses only and whenever the issue of financial rewards is raised , it is quickly ruled out . "  No prize money is involved , just a lot of pride , " three-time European captain Bernard Gallacher told CNN . "  And the matches are very , very competitive . " The American team will have the Stars and Stripes running through their veins and it 's a chance for the Europeans to combine under a united flag . "  It 's the only competition we have with the United States outside the occasional football match and it 's the same for them given that their main sports are baseball , gridiron and ice-hockey , " said Bill Elliott , Chair of the Association of Golf Writers . "  Let 's face it , it 's not hard for Americans to show nationalistic pride ! " the Briton added with tongue in cheek . Timely intervention This is a contest which grips golf and sports fans for three days but was in danger of extinction in the 1970s and had it not been for the intervention of 18-time major winner Jack Nicklaus , it may well have withered and died . Nicklaus proposed to Earl Derby , the then president of the Professional Golfers Association , that players from continental Europe should augment the Great Britain and Ireland line-up to make for a better contest . The United States had only lost once in the post-war era -- in 1957 at Lindrick -- and interest , particularly in America , was dwindling . Nicklaus ' suggestion was taken up , so in 1979 two Spaniards , Seve Ballesteros and Antonio Garrido , took their place for the match at Greenbrier in West Virginia . This did not prevent the visiting team from suffering a heavy defeat , but as Elliott , who was reporting his first of 17 Ryder Cups and counting , recalls , the change was "  absolutely essential " . Scot Gallacher made one of his eight appearances as a player in that watershed encounter and admitted "  Seve and Antonio had disappointing matches . "  They both had 1-4-0 records . "  However , their participation in the long-term saved the Ryder Cup , " he added . Two years later , Ballesteros sat out proceedings at Walton Heath in 1981 after a dispute over his European Tour membership , but even he would have been able to do little to prevent what is rated the strongest U.S. team in history thrashing the home side . United Europe That was to be last time that the U.S. enjoyed such a level of domination and by the time of the next match at Palm Beach Gardens in Florida in 1983 , the Europeans were united under the captaincy of Tony Jacklin , with Ballesteros in his pomp . A narrow defeat was followed by a resounding victory at The Belfry in 1985 . Ballesteros famously drove the 311-yard 10th at the Midlands club to set the scene . Sam Torrance sunk the winning putt and the champagne flowed as the players celebrated on the clubhouse roof as Concorde flew past . "  There was n't a dry eye in the house , " said Elliott . When rookie Jose Maria Olazabal and Ballesteros led from the front to help Europe to their first win on U.S. soil in the 1987 match at Muirfield Village , the transformation of the event into a clash like no other was finally complete . Read : Seve and Olazabal : Ryder Cup revolutionaries Olazabal , who will captain Europe in Chicago this week , says he was addicted to the Ryder Cup drug from the moment he first sampled the atmosphere . "  That 1987 Ryder Cup was very special to me -- it made me realize how special the event was and I fell in love with it straight away , " he told CNN . Top partnership His partnership in four balls and foursomes  where the players take a alternative shots  with Ballesteros was to bring 11 wins and two tied rubbers in 15 matches over the course of four Ryder Cup contests . Despite their domination , it was the United States who made a mini comeback of their own . They tied the match at The Belfry in 1989 , then wrested the trophy back in the "  War on the Shore " at Kiawah Island in 1991 , where Bernhard Langer agonizingly missed a tricky putt to force another tie . The U.S. also won at The Belfry in 1993 , but a European team under Gallacher 's captaincy took the trophy back at Oak Hill in 1995 to spark a run of six victories in the last eight contests . It was Ballesteros ' last match as a player and he was sadly past his best , losing his last day singles . But his tearful embrace with arch rival Nick Faldo , who had beaten Curtis Strange in the key match , is symptomatic of the spirit of the Ryder Cup , where individual performances are secondary to the team effort . Gallacher had tasted narrow defeat as a non-playing skipper in 1991 and 1993 so victory in such fashion was sweet . "  I felt I made a few mistakes in the first two matches , but feel I learned from those mistakes for the 1995 match , " he said . The two victories for the United States since 1995 have both been on home soil : the infamous "  Battle of Brookline " in 1999 and at Valhalla in 2008 . Raucous galleries Olazabal will doubtless still have the images of 1999 deep in his memory as the U.S. team poured on to the green after Justin Leonard 's putt gave him victory over the Spaniard . But Olazabal still had his own putt to halve the 17th , meaning that golf etiquette had been breached . He missed the 25-footer and the cup was heading back across the Atlantic . The U.S. win in 2008 in Kentucky was also greeted by raucous galleries but not on the level of 1991 and 1999 , and both captains -- Olazabal and David Love III -- have spoken of the need for the traditions of the match to be preserved at Medinah . Based on the world rankings , it is likely to be a close run affair . Europe has four of the top five in the rankings , led by world No. 1 Rory McIlroy , but the home team boasts 10 inside the top 20 and have -- in wild card pick Snedeker -- the man of the moment after his triumph in Atlanta . The lowest ranked player in the match is Belgian rookie Nicolas Colsaerts at No. 35 , which demonstrates the quality of the offering over three days of competition . The first two days are taken up with fourball and foursomes team play , with 12 head to head singles matches rounding off the action Sunday . McIlroy 's likely face off with No. 2 Tiger Woods is set to be a final day highlight but nearly every expert is predicting a nip and tuck affair . Close match "  My hope is that it will be a close match and that the result will come down to the final pairing and the final green , " said Elliott . "  Then I hope the USA win because if we keep on winning , then the interest on the Stars and Stripes side of the Atlantic will start to wane . " "  It really is too close to call , " added Gallacher . It will all be a far cry from the first Ryder Cup in Massachusetts in 1927 where the Great Britain and Ireland team traveled by ocean liner to contest a trophy which was the brainchild of English businessman Sam Ryder . They lost rather easily but it was not until 1937 that a U.S. team captained by Walter Hagen achieved the first ` away ' win . It was the signal for U.S. domination , with only the 1957 win and the 1969 halved match at Royal Birkdale , where Jacklin and Nicklaus played a memorable last day singles , offering GB and Ireland any consolation . Nicklaus , forever in touch with the history of his beloved sport , then made his crucial intervention , meaning the contest came alive and since 1979 we have seen eight European wins , seven for the United States and one tied match . Ballesteros , who played such a key role in the European resurgence , both as a player and captain of the winning team on Spanish soil in 1997 , will be in everyone 's thoughts this week . It is the first match since he sadly passed away in May 2011 and Olazabal 's men have a special image of him emblazoned on their golf bags as a constant reminder of his special place in the event 's history . Follow the Ryder Cup with CNN 's live blog	Most celebrated team event in golf gets underway Friday Europe defend Ryder Cup against United States at Medinah Club in Chicago Europe has won six of the last eight meetings of the biennial clash United States dominated prior to European players competing from 1979 onwards
CNN  -- Japanese car manufacturer Honda is returning to Formula One in 2015 as an engine partner with British racing team McLaren , a deal which will renew one of the most successful partnerships in motorsport 's elite class . Their previous five-year collaboration powered Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost to a clean sweep of world titles between 1988 and 1992 . The 1988 car , the McLaren-Honda MP/4 , has gone down in F1 legend after winning all but one of the 16 races that season . Honda ran its own team from 2006 until the end of 2008 when it dramatically withdrew from the sport because of the global economic crisis . There is currently no Japanese representation in F1 and Honda 's comeback to the grid with the multi-year McLaren technology partnership will mark an important step for the island nation , which has a long and successful history in motorsport . "  It 's fantastic news for everyone who loves Formula One to be able to welcome Honda back , " said McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh as the news was announced in Tokyo . "  Together , we 're about to embark on a new and extremely exciting chapter in McLaren 's history . Together we have a great legacy -- and we 're utterly committed to maintaining it . "  Like McLaren , Honda is a company with motor racing woven into the fabric of its heritage . Whilst both companies are fully aware that we 're embarking on a very demanding journey together , we 're hugely committed to the success of the partnership . "  We 'll spend the next 18 months working together to ensure that we 're fully established and competitive ahead of our first grand prix together in 2015 . " McLaren has used Mercedes-Benz engines since 1995 and will honor its contract with the German company -- which now owns the defunct Honda F1 team -- to use its equipment in 2014 . Hybrid technologies Next season will see the FIA -- motorsport 's governing body -- introduce major new rule changes affecting engine technology . The new regulations include the introduction of a 1.6-liter turbo engine with increased reliance on the hybrid kinetic energy recovery system known as KERS . Takanobu Ito , president and CEO of the Honda Motor Company , said the chance to explore new technologies in elite racing was one of the attractions of returning to F1 . "  Ever since its establishment , Honda has been a company which grows by taking on challenges in racing , " Ito said . "  Honda has a long history of advancing our technologies and nurturing our people by participating in the world 's most prestigious automobile racing series . "  The new F1 regulations with their significant environmental focus will inspire even greater development of our own advanced technologies and this is central to our participation in F1 . "  We have the greatest respect for the FIA 's decision to introduce these new regulations that are both highly challenging but also attractive to manufacturers that pursue environmental technologies . " Many engine manufacturers see F1 as an opportunity to showcase the hybrid technologies they are developing on their road cars . Japanese renewal The return of Honda means there will be four car manufacturers supplying engines to F1 in 2015 , the others being France 's Renault , Italian luxury brand Ferrari and the Daimler-owned Mercedes . Honda blamed the economic crisis for its decision to pull its team out of F1 in 2008 with then Honda president Takeo Fukui saying in an emotional press conference : "  This difficult decision has been made in light of the quickly deteriorating operating environment facing the global auto industry ... and the sudden contraction of the world economies . " The new venture with McLaren is important for Japanese motorsport and for the country , which is still regaining confidence following the earthquake and tsunami in 2011 . Japan is the world 's third-largest car manufacturer behind China and the U.S. and in 2011 Honda 's operations were severely disrupted by the disaster . Returning to F1 also represents an opportunity to restore confidence in both the brand and the Japanese motorsport industry . The economic downturn also affected motorcycle manufacturer Suzuki , which pulled out of the MotoGP Series following Kawasaki 's withdrawal in 2009 . Honda first entered a works team in F1 in 1964 but withdrew at the end of the 1968 season following the death of Jo Schlesser , who had been driving a prototype vehicle at the French Grand Prix . The company returned to F1 in 1984 , providing turbo engines to Williams before agreeing a partnership to supply McLaren . In 2004 Honda bought a stake in the BAR team before taking sole ownership ahead of the 2006 season . The highlight of this second era running its own team was Jenson Button 's win at the 2006 Hungarian Grand Prix . The company had poured huge amounts of capital into F1 and ironically the team was on the verge of great success before pulling out in 2008 . Team principal Ross Brawn led a rescue package to buy out the team and continue work on Honda 's 2009 car design -- the car would help Button win the world drivers ' title and the constructors ' championship for Brawn GP that season . Mercedes then bought the team , based in Oxfordshire , England , in 2010 and it is once again on an upward curve , taking three pole positions and two third-places on the podium so far in 2013 . F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone has now backed Honda to return to the front of the grid in partnership with McLaren , which lost former world champion Lewis Hamilton to Brawn 's Mercedes team after last season and has struggled this year . "  It is a great pleasure to see Honda back in Formula One , " he said . "  Their engine technology and passion for motorsport make them a natural contender . "	Japanese car giant Honda will return to Formula One as an engine supplier in 2015 Honda will renew its successful partnership with British racing team McLaren McLaren will continue using Mercedes-Benz engines in 2014 when new rules come in Honda says new engine rules in F1 will help it develop "  greener " technologies
CNN  With her hijab , Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha may have stood out . But in every respect , she felt that she fit in -- as a proud , and blessed , American . Even if most of her North Carolina neighbors did n't wear the same Muslim head covering that she did , Mohammad believed that there were "  still so many ways that I feel ... embedded in the fabric that is our culture , " meaning the American culture . "  That 's the beautiful thing here , is it does n't matter where you come from , " she said last summer as part of NPR 's StoryCorps project . "  There are so many different people from so many different places , ... backgrounds and religions . But here we 're all one . "  It 's beautiful to see . People of different areas interacting and being family , one community . " Yusor Mohammad 's light , her idealism , was extinguished Tuesday with gunshots that killed not only her , but her 23-year-old husband , Deah Shaddy Barakat , and 19-year-old sister , Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha . All three were shot in the head . A neighbor of the victims , Craig Stephen Hicks , 46 , turned himself in to police the same night and has been charged with murder . Authorities have n't announced any motive , but Mohammad 's father thinks he knows . His daughters and son-in-law died , Mohammad Abu-Salha said , because they were Muslim . If so , that constitutes a hate crime . The U.S. Department of Justice issued a statement Friday afternoon that said the department 's Civil Rights Division , along with the the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Middle District of North Carolina and the FBI , have opened "  a parallel preliminary inquiry " to determine whether any federal laws , including hate crime laws , were violated . President Barack Obama mentioned the FBI inquiry in his Friday afternoon statement about the "  brutal and outrageous murders " in the college town of Chapel Hill . "  No one in the United States of America should ever be targeted because of who they are , what they look like , or how they worship , " he said . "  Michelle and I offer our condolences to the victims ' loved ones . As we saw with the overwhelming presence at the funeral of these young Americans , we are all one American family . " Investigators indicated they have n't found any signs of a hate crime so far , saying the evidence suggests the shootings stem from a parking dispute . But 150 Islamic , Arab , Jewish , Sikh , Asian-American and other civil rights and faith groups want a closer look . In a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder , they said there is enough circumstantial evidence to "  warrant a federal hate crime investigation , " an inquiry they say is important to the victims ' families and Muslims across the United States . "  Federal leadership is necessary in this case in order to send the strongest message to the public that acts of violence like these have no place in civil society and will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law , " the groups write . " ... As American Muslims and those perceived to be Muslim now , more than ever , fear for their safety , the American people need to hear a strong message from our nation 's chief law enforcement officer . " They are n't the only ones demanding action out of Washington . Suzanne Barakat , Deah Shaddy Barakat 's sister , said Friday on CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that a disagreement over parking did n't spark the killings , because her family members knew to avoid the "  disputed " parking spot . Her family members were targeted because they were Muslims , Suzanne Barakat said , adding that Hicks terrorized her family and the slayings should be considered an act of terrorism . "  It 's time people call it what it is , " she said . The story has gotten traction internationally . Al-Azhar , an Egyptian center of Islamic scholarship , has called the killings a "  terrorist cowardly act " rooted in "  racism and Islamaphobia . " Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said he has called Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry . Before Obama made his statement , Erdogan said , "  President Obama , Mr. Kerry ,  Vice President  Biden , at this point have not made any declaration of respect . This is telling . ... And if you stay silent when faced with an incident like this and do n't make a statement , the world will stay silent towards you . " Many of the victims ' friends and relatives gathered Thursday for their funerals and for candlelight vigils on college campuses such as North Carolina State University in Raleigh , which is where Barakat met his future wife , and where she and her sister went to school . "  These three people , as young as they were , were a source of inspiration , warmth and light for our community , " said one woman speaking at the vigil . That 's how Nada Salem knew them . They were n't just Muslims , she said of her friends , but "  three good people . " "  No one should die like that , " Salem told CNN 's "  New Day , " "  especially when you 're that great . " Mohammad Abu-Salha , father of the two slain women , said the problems started not when Barakat lived in the condo by himself , but when his new wife , Yusor Mohammad , moved in . He said his daughter told him , referring to the neighbor , "  Daddy , I think he hates us for who we are and how we look . " Yusor Mohammad 's good friend , Amira Ata , agreed that something does n't add up . She recalled one time Mohammad told her about the neighbor coming over with a gun to complain about noise after a few friends had gone over to play a board game . "  We were completely shocked because it 's not normal for you to have a disagreement of some sort with your neighbor and for you to go over there with a gun , " Ata said . When the news came out about the slayings , that neighbor jumped to mind . Ata said "  the only thing that really makes sense is that he did n't like them because they were different . " "  If he went and maybe killed all the neighbors , maybe then we can be like , ` Oh , he has an issue , ' " she said . "  They were our friends , and we feel like they were targeted for a reason . " Police said Hicks has no prior criminal record and is cooperating with the investigation . Rob Maitland , the lawyer for Hicks ' wife , Karen , said the shooting "  highlights the importance of access to mental health care services . " Karen Hicks , who has been in the process of divorce , said her husband had been at odds with various neighbors of various backgrounds over parking . That 's what this is about , she said , contending that what happened is not a hate crime . She said , "  I can say with my absolute belief that this incident had nothing to do with religion or the victims ' faith . " Opinion : 3 slain college students strived for a better world CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Catherine E. Shoichet and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Deah Shaddy Barakat 's sister says the killings should be considered terrorism President Obama says FBI is investigating the "  brutal and outrageous murders " Victim Yusor Mohammad said that in America , "  we 're all one "
CNN  -- Both President Obama and Mitt Romney flubbed the big question on jobs at Tuesday night 's debate . Moderator Candy Crowley noted that Apple makes its iPhones and iPads in China and asked , "  How do you convince a great American company to bring that manufacturing back here ? " Romney talked about reducing corporate taxes , getting tough with China by making it "  play by the rules , " and stopping its currency manipulation . Obama said that some jobs are just never going to come back because the labor wages abroad are so much lower than in America . What the president wants to do is to double U.S. exports and create new high-wage jobs to replace the low-wage jobs that have been sent offshore . Obviously , neither debater knows the details of how the dynamics of trade and globalization work . Why Apple will never bring manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. For starters , the iPhones and iPads are not really made in China . They are only assembled there . According to the Asian Development Bank , the assembly accounts for $ 6.50 of the final $ 178.96 wholesale cost of an iPhone . Researchers at the Personal Computing Industry Center estimate the assembly value of a $ 500 iPad at about $ 12 . The major value of these devices is in the semiconductors , electronic displays and other key components . These high-technology and high-capital components are largely made in Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , and to a lesser extent Germany . A few are even made in America . None of these are low-wage countries . Japan and Germany , in fact , are high-wage countries . The labor component of making these parts is quite small . What about taxes ? Japan 's 39.5 % corporate income tax rate topped the 39.2 % of the United States until it was dropped to 38.01 % earlier this year . So it 's not exactly a tax haven or low tax jurisdiction . Nevertheless , Japan 's computer chip and electronic display makers are major suppliers of components to the iPhone and iPad as well as to the whole range of competing phones , tablets and computers . Furthermore , Apple and many global electronics companies are already paying less taxes by dint of elaborate accounting schemes that funnel revenue to tax havens like Singapore , the Cayman Islands , Bermuda and Liechtenstein . As for China 's practice of currency manipulation , it has been an irritant , but not an insurmountable one . Technically at odds with international trade and monetary rules , the Chinese government has intervened frequently in currency markets to keep the dollar strong and the yuan weak by buying dollars . More recently , China has allowed the yuan to rise closer to market rates , although many analysts believe it is still undervalued because present rates do not fully reflect increases in Chinese productivity . Romney may thus be justified in his critique . The risks of doing business in China must also be taken into consideration . In the past two weeks , we have seen Japanese factories in China trashed by mobs in the wake of a dispute between Japan and China over who owns a few specks of rocky islets in the East China Sea . Even if Chinese labor is cheap , incidents like these can be costly . The real reason that these kinds of jobs are n't coming back is that U.S. producers no longer know how to produce many of these product components . There is no significant U.S. producer of flat panel electronic displays . And U.S. semiconductor makers have continually been losing to competitors like South Korea 's Samsung and Taiwan 's TSMC . The jobs involved in the production of these components are exactly the high-wage , high-benefit jobs Obama said he wants to create . The only way to get them back is for the U.S. to regain the strong position it once occupied in making things . Obama seems to be edging in this direction with his call for spurring manufacturing . But a U.S. production renaissance will require a lot more than the president 's piecemeal approach so far . It means we need a comprehensive competitiveness strategy similar to those now pursued by South Korea , Germany , Taiwan , Japan , Singapore , China and others . It is not written that America must suffer a drain of ever more highly skilled jobs to overseas locations . To halt this dynamic , we must fight fire with fire . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clyde Prestowitz .	Clyde Prestowitz : Debate shows neither candidate understands details of global trade dynamics Prestowitz : The major value of iPhones is in the semiconductors and other key parts He says U.S. producers do n't know how to make these key components anymore Prestowitz : If we want high-wage jobs in the U.S. , we need a competitive strategy
CNN  -- In Brazil , they use the expression "  futbol arte " to describe the type of soccer which made the country 's world champion team of 1970 so easy on the eye . But no longer -- football has changed , and Brazil has changed too . When it won the World Cup in 1994 , the national team 's style of play was dubbed "  futebol d fora " -- a tougher , more pragmatic approach . And , after a year of violent protests , rubber bullets and tear gas , the romantic ideal of Brazil often portrayed in glossy travel magazines seems hard to imagine . Thursday marks the start of an opportunity for Brazil to redefine itself after a difficult 12 months preparing for arguably the world 's largest and most popular event . So no pressure , then , on Brazil 's footballers , who take on Croatia in the tournament 's opening game in Sao Paulo , the recent epicenter of the unrest . Will the host team 's expected progress , led by current hero Neymar , help ease the sense of injustice which has ingrained itself within the population ? As if that was n't a great enough weight on the shoulders of coach Luiz Felipe Scolari 's team , there is the added pressure of Brazil 's quest to exorcise the ghosts of 1950 -- which will begin 64 years after what is known as the country 's "  Hiroshima . " When Uruguay defeated Brazil in the deciding match courtesy of Alcides Ghiggia 's strike , it left an indelible mark on a country whose first love has always been football . And yet , after more than six decades of waiting for the tournament to return to their home country , the Brazilian people are otherwise engaged . Whereas football may still be a religion , its Brazilian congregation have slowly turned their backs on their deity . "  This World Cup is not for the Brazilians , " 59-year-old street vendor Maria Elza de Fatima told CNN . "  It is for the foreigners and FIFA friends . " While thousands of tourists flock to Brazil and media pack the streets to broadcast the action across the world , Sao Paulo has been brought to a standstill by metro workers striking over wages -- the latest in a series of protests against the government . An estimated $ 11 billion of public money has been spent on hosting the tournament -- much to the chagrin of the protesters , who argue that money might have been better spent on public services . . "  I think the best moment to protest is at the end of the World Cup , " says two-time World Cup winner Cafu , Brazil 's most-capped footballer , who was speaking to CNN to promote the Castrol Footkhana skills challenge . "  This will be the moment we can show ourselves that we can fight for our rights -- better education , better healthcare , better culture , better transportation , " he told CNN . "  This is the moment we can show the world we are capable of staging a well-organized World Cup . We will show we are a democratic country and  later  fight for our rights . " Once the football starts , nobody will be more relieved than FIFA and its under-fire president , Sepp Blatter . The 78-year-old , who has held the position since 1998 , was told Tuesday that he should not stand for a fifth four-year term by some of the organization 's key European members within UEFA . However , at Wednesday 's FIFA Congress in Sao Paulo , he told delegates "  my mission is not finished ... I am ready to accompany you in the future . " Just a fortnight after allegations of corruption during the 2022 World Cup vote was reported by Britain 's Sunday Times , Blatter has been forced to endure one of the most difficult periods of his tenure . The newspaper claims to have unearthed millions of emails and other documentation which allege Qatar 's former FIFA Executive Committee member Mohamed Bin Hammam used a multimillion-dollar slush fund to buy support for the bid . The claims have been strenuously denied by Qatar organizers , who in a statement released to CNN Sunday said they had been co-operating fully with U.S. lawyer Michael Garcia , who has been appointed by FIFA to lead an investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , awarded to Russia and Qatar . But president of the Dutch Football Association Michael Van Praag believes enough is enough . "  I then said at the microphone : ' I like you a lot , there is nothing personal here , but the reputation of FIFA is today inextricably linked to corruption , " recounted Praag of what transpired at Tuesday 's UEFA meeting . "  FIFA has a president . You are responsible , you should not stand again . " Despite the barbs , Blatter appeared in bullish mood Wednesday when speaking at the world governing body 's congress , insisting FIFA could be a force for positive change . While European nations have gone public about their opposition to Blatter , African and Asian members have backed the Swiss to continue in the role he has held since 1998 . "  The answer is easy and simple ... we must lead by example and we must listen to all voices , we must be responsible and upright in all that we do , we must do the right thing even if that comes at a cost , " Blatter told the audience . "  It 's not always very easy to live up to this principle . But it 's our duty ... if we do not do it , who will ? " The bad news for Blatter is that the Sunday Times promises more revelations on Qatar , which suggests football might continue to play second fiddle to politics for a while yet . A successful World Cup and a Brazil victory might go some way to temporarily muffling the protests of both the Brazilian people and FIFA 's growing critics . In Rio , the Christ Redeemer statue overlooks the Maracana stadium , where the World Cup final will be staged on July 13 . In just over a month we will find out if Brazil 2014 has restored people 's faith in football -- not just in the host nation , but across the globe . Are you looking forward to the World Cup ? Have your say in the comments box below or continue the conversation at @WorldSportCNN and on Facebook	The 2014 World Cup starts in Sao Paulo on Thursday Host nation Brazil faces Croatia in opening game 32 teams from across the world competing at tournament Final to be held in Rio de Janeiro on July 13
Dubai , UAE  CNN  -- The fact that Emirates , Etihad and Qatar Airlines bought more than $ 150 billion worth of commercial planes on the first day of the Dubai Airshow has surprised no one , but at the same time worried just about everyone in the airline industry -- well , everyone who 's not working for the Gulf airlines . The sheer number of aircraft being purchased at this year 's show is outstanding , amazing and a little bit disconcerting . The headline deal is Emirate 's eye-popping , jaw-dropping deals for 150 Boeing 777X airliners and 50 Airbus A380s , which comes at a time when other airlines are shunning the superjumbo . Airbus risked ending the year without any A380 sales until the Emirates ' order arrived . The industry wondered whether Airbus was going to slow down the A380 production line because of a lack of orders , as Boeing has done with its 747-800 assembly line . Emirates saved the day -- which , I confidently predict , means Emirates boss Tim Clark got a very good price for his new planes , way below the $ 403.9 million list price . With this order Emirates is the A380 fleet , owning more than 50 % of all orders of the airliner . Then there 's the sheer number of Boeing 777X planes being ordered . Of the 259 planes announced at the Dubai launch of Boeing 's revamped long haul aircraft , Emirates , Etihad & Qatar bought 225 of them ! Poor Germany 's Lufthansa snapped up 34 to be a launch customer , but no one is in any doubt : it will be the "  Gulf Three " who will be back in the years ahead to take more by the dozen . It sends a very strong message . The Gulf Three 's position as global carriers is established and will only grow stronger . Emirates are already the largest airline in the world , after the U.S. carriers , as defined by Revenue Passenger Kilometers  the number of paying passengers multiplied by the number of kilometers flown .  All those wide-bodied planes with lots of seats mean they have the capacity to shift large numbers of people . The U.S. carriers only maintain the top spots in the rankings because of their big domestic route network -- but internationally Emirates are number one and widening the gap over the competition . Take New York , where Emirates sends 2 A380s and a 777 every day to connect to their Dubai headquarters -- and there are plans to upgrade to 3 A380s as soon as possible . So why is this worrying ? Capacity ! All these big planes have to be filled and there is a saying in the industry -- old planes never die , they just go into someone else 's fleet . Many of the planes being ordered today in Dubai will replace aging planes in existing fleets . Those older aircraft wo n't be scrapped ; they will be sold to secondary airlines at a cheaper price , and those airlines will often slash fares to fill the seats . Capacity is the biggest killer of the industry in a downturn . It happened in 2001 where slowing demand turned the overcapacity into a crisis after the 9/11 terror attacks in New York . It happened again during the financial crises of 2008 . Airlines found themselves with too many seats and too few passengers and had to mothball planes and slim down . For the moment , the industry is enjoying growth of around 5 % a year -- and with new markets emerging , the strong growth in aviation is continuing in front of our eyes . The worry is what happens when that slows and who gets hurt . I guarantee you it wo n't be the Gulf Three . Forget arguments about subsidies , unfair competition , state-controlled airlines : Today 's orders in Dubai are further evidence that the shift in aviation is happening even faster than most had believed likely . There may be much fuss made over the soon to-be-merged American Airlines & US Airways and the fight in the brutal skies of the U.S. domestic market , but globally , the Gulf Three are hoovering up the passengers . None of these points will worry the Gulf Three . Capacity issues are someone else 's problem for the time being . They are sitting pretty in the sweet spot of the new-world order in aviation . They have billion dollar brand-new airport hubs , sit at the crossroads of the world 's growing markets and are able to connect any two points on the globe using the dozens of wide-bodied long-haul jets they have just bought . Most important of all , the Gulf Three have their own individual strategies for growth . It 's everyone else that 's worried , and they should be .	Gulf airlines strike more than $ 150 billion in commercial plane deals in Dubai CNN 's Richard Quest : Huge deals by "  Gulf Three " send strong message to rivals Big deals in Dubai show that power shift in aviation to Gulf airlines happening fast Quest : Gulf Three are n't worried , but everyone else should be
Toronto  CNN  -- The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has propelled Mitchell Casado into the realm of aviation analyst celebrity -- and no one is more uncomfortable with that than Casado . I found him incredibly shy and modest , even by Canadian standards . Casado never wanted to be on camera . In fact , he was horrified when we at CNN suggested it . At 6-foot-2 and "  gargantuan , " as he puts it , he hates to see himself on camera . Yet in the cockpit he transforms , and it 's clear he has a gift that exceeds controlling a jumbo jet . His eyes light up , and his soft-spoken voice rises in level and confidence . You not only know he can fly , but he makes you want to fly , too . On TV , he 's a natural and can take the most complex pieces of aircraft equipment or flight scenario and explain it in a way that 's clear and simple . He shuns jargon and acronyms and , unlike other aviation experts , uses words we already know . He 's a pilot for the people . But in a profession known for precision , he suffers for his everyman speak and appearance . His hipster facial hair and casual cockpit attire have earned him critiques from anonymous "  pilots " sniping from online . The negative comments can cut him to the bone . The reality is he dresses not for corporate aviation but comfort , and his journey to becoming a pilot and aviation analyst is far from typical . Casado , 33 , grew up in a tough , blue-collar suburb of Toronto . His father came from Central America , his mother from Europe . At age 7 , a gift of a toy plane set him on the route where we find him today . Fascination about flying turned into obsession -- his word -- for all things aviation . At school he 'd get in trouble for reading flying magazines tucked inside his textbooks . He was n't good at math , but his sights set firmly on the goal of flying one day , he studied hard to master calculus and geometry . Because of a birth defect , he suffered almost constant , even violent bullying , and long before he started navigating jets through the air , he was plotting alternate courses home from school to avoid heckling classmates . After high school , he joined the Army to serve his country , and only after that did he turn his focus to flying . His parents helped him get his private pilot 's license , but a commercial license proved much more expensive because it required flight school and significant flying time . He took any job he could to earn money , working in kitchens and fast food restaurants . His apartment , for a time , went without furniture . When he eventually had $ 14,000 , he headed to a flight school in western Canada , thrilled to finally be on his way . But the dream turned to disaster when the flight school went bust , taking his money with it . Ocean Shield : A mission of hope and uncertainty in search for Flight 370 That 's when the darkest days of his life began . Homeless , he slept on park benches and in stairways until finally ending up at the place he knew best , the airport . By day , he 'd sit in the terminals and at night , he 'd sleep in the bathrooms . In the oversized handicapped stalls he would use a roll of masking tape to mark out runways and walk around them practicing approaches . He used a toilet seat for chair flying , imagining the controls and switches in his mind . Eventually he made it back home and began working once more to earn money to fly . It would take him years before that final check flight . When the pilot turned and told him he had passed , Mitchell could n't help it : he cried . His dream had come true . By 2007 he was ranked in the top 10 of Canada 's amateur pilots . Today , in addition to his multi-engine license , he has earned his seaplane rating , flown cargo routes and flown as a "  bush pilot " in Canada and elsewhere . When he 's not in the air , he works as a simulator instructor on Boeing 737s and 777s . And , of course , there 's his new-found television talent . For his on air role , I have pushed him to do in the simulator what he would never attempt as a professional pilot . Hence , he has probably virtually crashed a 777 more than anyone . That 's my fault . On TV we have had him fly a 777 at 5,000 feet in the Himalayas . I nearly lost my dinner on that one with all the banking and yanking . Then there was the time I made him attempt to land the plane on a ridiculously small runway on a remote island . Just to make it harder , I told him to make the weather stormy . He had one shot live on TV with countless people watching . To his credit , he landed with room to spare but was so exhausted from the attempt he could n't answer our anchor 's questions afterward . A few days later he got a message from someone at the Federal Aviation Administration congratulating him on the landing . The other day we made him simulate a scenario where the fuel runs out on a 777 . It was awful . It was real . We both sat in silence for a minute when it was over . He apologized and left the cockpit . I had become caught up in the "  gee-whiz-what-if " angle of the simulator . Casado had not . We may have flown in the virtual world , but as a pilot , Casado knew the heartbreaking loss for 239 passengers ' families is real . Casado also has a life outside the cockpit . He 's married to his childhood sweetheart , Deborah , whom he married three years ago . When the hours go long -- and they do -- he worries about Buddy and Snowflake , his two Netherlands dwarf rabbits waiting at home . Buddy 's a rescue . He speaks to young people , often cautioning those who might be considering flying as a career that the airline industry is n't what it once was . The high-octane , high-paying days of commercial aviation are now a business . There 's more he wants to do in life , but for now Casado spends most days flying and instructing in the 777 simulator where I met him . What 's unique about the place is it 's open to the public , so if you 've ever fantasized about taking off from Los Angeles International or landing at Toronto Pearson , or even just doing touch-and-gos at Paris ' Charles de Gaulle , Casado is the guy you want in the left seat . He knows a thing or two about dreams , what it takes to make them come true and how sometimes there can be a turbulence along the way . ' I want to give them answers '	Mitchell Casado does n't like to see himself on camera , but he is a natural on-air Fascination with flying became obsession when he got a toy plane as a gift at age 7 He was n't good at math & suffered stint of homelessness en route to becoming pilot He 's married to his childhood sweetheart , and he often worries about his pet dwarf rabbits
A 6.3-magnitude earthquake struck early Sunday off Indonesia , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The quake rattled a remote swath of sea between the Pacific and Indian oceans , north of Australia and east of Timor-Leste , some 5.6 miles  9 kilometers  deep , according to the U.S. agency . It was centered approximately 212 miles  340 kilometers  west-northwest of Saumlaki in Indonesia 's Tanimbar Islands , 217 miles east-northeast of Dili , Timor-Leste , and 226 miles of Ambon , Indonesia . Neither the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center nor the Japan Meteorological Agency issued tsunami warnings or advisories immediately after the tremor .	The quake rattles a remote swath of sea between the Pacific and Indian oceans It is 9 kilometers deep and was centered 212 miles from Saumlaki , Indonesia No tsunami warnings or advisories are immediately issued
Two suspected U.S. drone strikes killed seven al Qaeda militants and eight civilians in the southern part of Yemen on Tuesday , three Yemeni security officials said . It was the latest of several U.S. strikes in Yemen , which is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , described by U.S. officials as the al Qaeda affiliate that poses the most serious threat to the United States . At least seven civilians were injured in the Tuesday strikes , the officials said . Across Yemen , at least 49 people were killed , including 31 militants , according to a security official . The dead also included eight civilians , five troops and five pro-government local resistance fighters , according to the official . The United States has increased the pace of airstrikes in Yemen in the last few years . At least 24 of 31 such strikes conducted since 2002 have happened in the last two years , according to the Long War Journal , which analyzes how the U.S. conducts its fight against terrorism . According to the security officials , one of Tuesday 's strikes targeted a militant hideout in Jaar district , a militant stronghold . Another strike targeted a home believed to be harboring militants in the same district . Three senior al Qaeda leaders were among those killed , the officials said . Jaar district residents said civilians were killed after they rushed to the site of the first strike . "  Our lives are valueless in the eyes of our government , and that is why civilians are being killed without a crime , " resident Ali Abu Abdullah said . One of the security officials expressed regret for the civilian casualties and injuries . "  The targets of the raids were not the civilians , and we give our condolences to the families of those who lost a loved one , " the official said . U.S. and Saudi authorities recently foiled an al Qaeda plot based in Yemen to bomb a U.S.-bound airplane . Elsewhere in Yemen , in Lowder district , at least 17 al Qaeda fighters were killed when tribesmen loyal to the government clashed with militants and took over three strategic locations in the district . Three security officers were killed in Lowder . At least 400 tribal fighters backed by hundreds of troops participated in the Lowder raids . Mohammed Aidaroos , a local leader , said the fighting erupted early Tuesday morning in Lowder , and government-supported fighters forced al Qaeda fighters to evacuate the area and leave behind huge caches of weapons . The tribal fighters took back control of Yasoof Mountain , which al Qaeda had controlled for more than a month . There was also a state of alert in the Yemeni capital . The Interior Ministry warned on Tuesday that al Qaeda is planning to conduct suicide operations in Sanaa . Tight security presence was noticeable near Western embassies and in the diplomatic zone of the capital . "  The ministry has been given intelligence information warning of a possible attack in the heart of the Yemeni capital and we are on high alert , " one Interior Ministry official told CNN on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the media . Yemeni Information Minister Ali al-Amrani told CNN he was targeted Monday when a grenade was thrown near his home in Sanaa . The grenade landed about 100 meters from his home , al-Amrani said , and he was not injured . In January , Al-Amrani escaped an assassination attempt unharmed when at least 10 shots were fired in the direction of a vehicle he was entering . Witnesses said there were at least two gunmen . Al-Amrani 's spokesman said following that attack in January that al-Amrani was being targeted in a hate campaign by pro-revolution groups .	Yemeni capital on high alert over warnings of possible attack , an official says Seven al Qaeda militants , eight civilians killed in Jaar district , Yemeni security officials say Clashes between al Qaeda fighters , tribesmen reported in Lowder district 17 al Qaeda fighters , three security officers reported killed in Lowder district
