In 2010 alone , there were roughly 1,100 attacks on U.S. fuel convoys . This has cost the men and women of our armed forces dearly . Military officials recently reported that more than 3,000 uniformed soldiers and contractors died while protecting such missions in Iraq from 2003 to 2007 . But new Pentagon initiatives could dramatically reduce our battlefield fuel demand through the use of new clean energy technologies , helping save lives and stretch ever-scarce defense dollars . The U.S. Department of Defense is one of the world 's largest institutional energy consumers . Using more than 300,000 barrels of oil daily , the U.S. military consumes more petroleum products than three-quarters of the countries in the world . In fiscal year 2008 , energy cost the department about $ 17.9 billion . Leaders in the Pentagon , though , are up to the challenge . The Defense Department played a key role in the development of the Internet , semiconductors and modern satellite-based navigation , used by virtually anyone with a smartphone . Now , as detailed in a recent report by the Pew Charitable Trusts , its efforts to improve vehicle efficiency and use advanced biofuels could similarly lead the way for countless U.S. businesses seeking a foothold in the burgeoning global clean energy economy . Building on the work of an expert panel convened by the Defense Science Board , the Pentagon has called for a new technology development strategy aimed at reducing risk to soldiers and enhancing our nation 's overall long-term energy security . The department considers this one of its top strategic imperatives . In keeping with this plan , the military has set a target of obtaining 25 % of its energy from renewable sources by 2025 , with 450 renewable energy projects already functioning . For example , the Navy will soon test a hybrid electric drive system for the USS Truxtun , a guided missile destroyer , which will save 8,500 barrels of fuel annually . The Air Force made history last year with the first flight of a biomass-powered aircraft , the A-10C Thunderbolt II . And the Army has insulated roughly 9 million square feet of bases in Iraq and Afghanistan , reducing energy consumption by 77,000 gallons per day . With more than 500,000 buildings and structures at major installations around the world , the Defense Department manages three times the square footage operated by Walmart . Since 1985 , it has reduced its facility energy consumption by more than 30 % . The Army 's "  Net Zero " program offers another case in point . The project aims to have select installations each produce as much as they consume in energy , water or waste by 2020 . Fort Carson and Fort Bliss , to name just two , will become Net Zero in all three areas . Combined , these efforts could have a huge impact on U.S. operational security . On average , each deployed soldier requires 22 gallons of fuel per day . In fact , in Afghanistan alone , tens of millions of gallons of fuel must be delivered each month . Yet , according to the U.S. Army , there is roughly one casualty for every 46 ground resupply convoys in Afghanistan . So reducing our reliance on oil could keep countless troops out of harm 's way . This Pentagon initiative could also act as a catalyst for our nation 's growing clean energy economy . According to Pew 's report , the military 's sizable purchasing power could provide a crucial difference in helping technologies make the transition from the labs to the marketplace . In the process , badly needed jobs and manufacturing opportunities in the private sector also could be created across the nation . The past decade has presented great challenges to our armed forces . They have responded with creativity , tenacity and courage . The Pentagon has been charged with managing two wars , helping establish more robust homeland security measures and responding to worldwide humanitarian emergencies . Throughout these trying times , however , the military also has looked inside its own operations and developed a sound strategy to enhance America 's security and lessen our dependence on foreign fuels . Congress and the White House should match that effort and aid this endeavor to save American lives , money and energy .	Phyllis Cuttino : Thousands of soldiers in Iraq were killed protecting fuel convoys Defense Department is one of biggest energy consumers in world , she writes Now , she says , military is playing key role in developing renewable energy sources Cuttino : Pentagon biofuel initiatives could also help U.S. businesses
CNN  -- The Supreme Court is about to hold hearings on whether the police need a warrant to attach a GPS tracker to a suspect 's car and trace its movements while it is in a public space .  The case at hand , United States v. Jones , concerns a major drug dealer , and the police could not use the data collected while his car was parked in his garage . The intense debate the case has already elicited among legal scholars , civil rights and libertarian activists , and those particularly concerned with public safety and national security is largely focused on the question : what would the Founding Fathers have said about the case ? As I see it , at least equal weight should be accorded to the question : How well are our public authorities doing in their dealings with criminals ? Who needs more tools and who should be denied access to cyber-age technologies if we are to keep a balance between our profound and essential commitments to privacy as well as our security ? According to national statistics for 2010 , less than half  47 %  of violent crimes committed in this country are "  cleared "  that is , suspects are arrested , charged , and turned over for prosecution  and only one out of five  18 %  criminals who commit nonviolent crimes  such as burglary  are caught and tried . For obvious reasons there are no such statistics available for terrorists , and the fact that there was no successful attack in the U.S. over the past 10 years tends to make us complacent . However , if one takes into account that there are many millions of people in the world who hate us and wish us harm  and at least a few right here in the U.S.  , we should maintain our vigilance . As one terrorist group once put it , "  You have to be lucky all the time . We only have to be lucky once . " To argue that the preceding data show that the government should be given some more leeway is not a violation of the Constitution , but directly sanctioned by it . Unlike the First Amendment , which is worded in absolute terms -- "  Congress shall make NO law " -- the Fourth Amendment bans only unreasonable searches . That is , it recognizes that there is a whole category of searches that are fully legitimate and violate no one 's rights . As to what is reasonable , it obviously changes with the circumstances . Given that criminals can use freely all the new technologies -- including of course GPS trackers , smartphones and spyware -- it seems eminently reasonable that the police should also be able to use some of these , especially in public spaces , in which people have no expectation of privacy  or at least should not have one  . Opponents argue that the Founding Fathers provided that before a warrant is issued , the police need to show probable cause by bringing data to a judge , who reviews the facts and determines whether a warrant is appropriate and how it should be issued . However , this is needed only for searching people 's private spaces -- their homes , personal effects , and personal records such as diaries -- and not for using a technology that does what cops have been doing for a century : Track a suspect in public spaces , without a warrant . Moreover , often some such surveillance is needed before a tip or lead can be developed to the point that it meets the standard of probable cause . The counter-argument that if the police are allowed to proceed , we shall be all tracked seven days a week , round the clock does not withstand minimal criticism . At most , the GPS data tells us that someone drove a car to certain places . Who lives or works there , what happened , etc. etc. , all remain to be investigated . If the police put GPS devices in all the cars on the road , or even only in one out of every thousand , cops would be buried under an endless flood of data points -- among which suspects would be lost . At the same time , the police should be required to file reports after the fact about their use of GPS trackers . If it turns out that they are employed too often or to track people who are , say , political activists , the police should be reprimanded and if they persist , elected officials  say , a city council  should set limits on the use of this and other crime-fighting technologies and punish those who abuse them . If the data ran the other way -- if most criminals were neutralized and we did not have to be concerned about terrorists -- reasonable people who seek to deny the police the use of GPS trackers without probable cause might have a much stronger case . However , even then , I have a hard time believing that the Founding Fathers meant for the police to be denied tools available to all others , including the bad dudes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Should law enforcement need a warrant before planting a GPS tracking device on a car ? No , the Supreme Court ought to decide that they should not , says Amitai Etzioni In this case , our need for security outweighs privacy concerns , he says Cops have already been tracking suspects in public places for a century , Etzioni says
Johannesburg  CNN  -- "  This should n't be happening " -- these were the words of a visibly nervous and frustrated sheriff of the court as he rang the outside bell and knocked at the gate belonging to a woman still considered by many in South Africa as the "  mother of the nation . " Joe Maluleke and two other officials arrived at Winnie Mandela 's house in Soweto on Tuesday to execute a court order granting a Johannesburg school permission to auction her belongings and pay an old debt . Among the goods meant to go under the hammer were 50 paintings , a round table , chairs and a silver tea set . The problems started when the ex-wife of Nelson Mandela , the country 's first black president and an international icon , registered her great niece , Nobantu Vutela , as a boarding student at Abbotts College in Northcliff , Johannesburg , according to court papers filed in 2008 . The accommodation fees for the year were 40,000 South African rand -- the equivalent of about $ 4,000 today . Winnie Mandela , 76 , who earns an annual salary of around $ 90,000 , as a member of parliament , was given six months to pay the full amount . It 's unclear why she and not the girl 's own parents enrolled her into the private school . Despite the documents stipulating that R10 ,000  $ 1000  be paid up front , lawyers representing the school say Mrs Mandela never paid a cent . They started instituting proceedings against her in October 2008 . The case dragged on for five years . A lawyer acting on behalf of the school told CNN Mrs Mandela made her first payment last year but that she still owes nearly $ 5,000 with interest included . Mrs Mandela 's lawyer is disputing the interest amount . With dozens of journalists surrounding him , not a single bidder in sight , and Mrs Mandela 's bodyguards stationed on the other side of the wall , Sheriff Maluleke knocked in vain . People could be seen moving around inside and outside the house , but nobody came out to let the sheriff in . At one point a car sped out of the premises using a side entrance . It is unclear who was in the car . Maluleke was instructed by lawyers to get a locksmith and force his way into Mandela 's house , but he was understandably reluctant . At one point a spectator shouted , "  Why do n't you climb over the wall ? " The sheriff 's irritated retort : "  And get shot at ? " The tense standoff lasted for about two hours . Maluleke left Winnie Mandela 's property empty-handed and dejected . He later admitted that the task he was expected to carry out was a difficult one . "  Is it because she is the mother of the nation ? " he was asked . "  Exactly , " he responded . Read this : How South Africa avoided ` bloody racial war ' On Monday night Winnie Mandela 's lawyer Yandisa Dudula had been frantically trying to stop the auction from going ahead . "  Mrs. Mandela has given me a check for R16 ,000  $ 1,696  , and another R4 ,000  $ 212  has been given to the sheriff , " he told CNN . "  The auction is not necessary . " The school 's lawyers insisted on getting the money in cash , failing which , they said the sale of her goods would go ahead as planned . Confused neighbors looked on as the spectacle at Mandela 's property unfolded . "  We thought she had money , it is very surprising that her goods are now having to be auctioned in order to recoup funds for a debt , " one of them told CNN . When asked what it is like to live next door "  the mother of the nation , " the neighbor said , "  We never see her . When the old man  Nelson Mandela  lived in Soweto he would walk around , shake people 's hands , greet and talk to them , he even invited us into his home . " "  Winnie keeps to herself , but we still call her ` mother of the nation ' and no-one wants to see her humiliated , " the neighbor said . Commentators say Winnie Mandela has become increasingly isolated , not only by her political family , the ruling African National Congress , but seemingly by her biological family as well . "  Internal tensions within the family could have played a role in no one coming to Mrs Mandela 's aid , " political analyst Somadoda Fikeni told CNN . "  The family is fragmented and recent squabbles over money have further emphasized these divisions . " Two of Nelson Mandela 's daughters -- Makaziwe Mandela and Zenani Dlamini -- are currently embroiled in a legal battle over the former political prisoner 's money . They have filed court papers in an attempt to remove Mandela 's longtime lawyer and friend , 84-year-old George Bizos , and others as directors of companies owned by the Mandela Trust . The children 's legal battle over their iconic father 's monies has come under heavy criticism in South Africa . Bizos told local media the lawsuit is "  a ploy to resuscitate the sale of Mandela 's artworks " whose proceeds go to the companies at the center of the dispute . Andrew Mlangeni , who was incarcerated on Robben Island with Mr Mandela , told CNN : "  This is a matter that should have been resolved internally within the family . " Makaziwe recently rebutted accusations that her intentions are motivated by greed , telling the New York Times : "  This issue that we are greedy , that we are wanting this money before my dad passes away is all nonsense . " The feud over Nelson Mandela 's millions and now the threat of an auction at his former wife 's residence underscore the contradictions and complexities in what many consider South Africa 's political "  royal family . " Read this : Big brands target South Africa 's middle class This is by no means Winnie Mandela 's first brush with the law , although for years many saw her as untouchable . The former freedom fighter was implicated in the 1980s murder of 14-year-old anti-apartheid activist Stompie Seipei . Her then-husband , Nelson Mandela , stood by her , despite a mountain of damning evidence . In 1991 she was convicted of kidnapping Seipei and for being an accessory to assault , but her six-year jail term was reduced on appeal to a fine and a suspended sentence . In 2003 Mrs Mandela was convicted for theft and fraud in connection with an elaborate bank loan scheme where the ANC party letterhead was used to obtain loans for bogus employees including her youngest daughter Zinzi . The conviction carried a jail term , but that sentence too was suspended . A few months ago police confirmed that they have reopened the murder case of two more former freedom fighters , allegedly last seen at her house more than 20 years ago . Their bodies were exhumed in March . In recent years , "  the mother of the nation 's " influence in the country and within the ruling party has waned , and the protection she once enjoyed along with it . Last year she was voted second-last in the party 's national executive committee . She had been top of the list at the previous ANC conference in 2007 . Still , respected columnist and journalist Justice Malala says he is astonished Winnie Mandela could n't get help from a single one of her former comrades . Malala told CNN : "  It 's great that she was paying for her great niece 's school fees but I 'm surprised that firstly she did n't feel she could raise the money from her own salary and secondly that no-one in the ANC was willing to help her . She could have also approached the Mandela Trust . Mandela has given money to president Jacob Zuma before when he was in trouble . " Perhaps the most astonishing part of the tale is why her children and grandchildren appear to have stood by and watched as threats of an auction became more serious . Two of her grandchildren , Zaziwe and Swati Dlamini have recently launched a reality show in the U.S. called "  Being Mandela . " They also have a clothing line named "  Long Walk to Freedom " after their grandfather 's autobiography . Their mother Zenani Dlamini , Winnie 's eldest daughter , is South Africa 's ambassador to Argentina . Despite the family 's many ventures and connections , Winnie 's lawyer says money is n't always readily available . Winnie Mandela has often courted controversy , but she is still adored by many in South Africa . She endured years of torture , torment , banishment and imprisonment by the apartheid regime while fighting resolutely for racial equality in the country . And despite her legal and financial troubles over the years , very few South Africans are celebrating her downfall . Many of them took to Twitter to express their solidarity . "  We can not forget Winnie Mandela who stood tall for three decades " wrote one person .	Winnie Mandela threatened with having her belongings sold off to pay school fees Mandela , ex-wife of South African icon Nelson Mandela , is regarded by many as "  mother of the nation " Commentators say Winnie Mandela increasingly isolated from political and biological families Nelson Mandela 's family embroiled in legal battle over former political prisoner 's money
CNET  -- Cisco Systems on Wednesday unveiled Cisco Umi , its consumer-focused telepresence offering that lets people connect to each other using videoconferencing on their HD television in their living rooms . Cisco Umi  pronounced YOU-me  is a telecommunications system that requires a mix of Cisco hardware and hardware you 'll already need to own . The Umi service includes a Cisco-issued high-definition camera with an embedded microphone , a set-top box , and a remote , but you 'll need your own HD TV  1080p  and Internet connection to use it . There is no external microphone , but you can recalibrate the audio quality . Cisco 's algorithms cancel external noice and bring the voices in the foreground . Video calls and video messages are at the center of the Umi service , but the remote will also let customers manage their contact list , profiles , and settings . In addition , Umi will also record videos capable of being uploaded to Facebook and YouTube , or attached in an e-mail message . Umi 's VoIP element is also strong , with the ability to place and receive video calls from friends and family from other programs equipped with VoIP video calling , specifically Google video chat . In addition , Umi has certain user controls that will allow owners to block unwanted callers , and lock the Umi system so that others ca n't use it in your absence . There 's also a privacy shutter that clicks off the camera and goes into audio-only mode for those moments that are n't fit to be viewed . If 1080p is n't available , Umi will adapt the bandwidth to drop down to 720p or even 480p quality . As analysts predicted , the hardware alone will cost $ 599 , with a $ 24.99 monthly service fee . Cisco will make Umi available on November 14 at Best Buy , with preorders beginning today . The hardware components will also be available at Magnolia Home theater . In addition , Cisco and Verizon will bring Umi to Verizon Fios fiber-optic network customers early in 2011 . Meanwhile . peripherals maker Logitech has its own HD video-calling product coming out today at the company 's announcement of Logitech Revue with Google TV . "  We believe consumers want the best and most seamless experience which means HD video calling not only from TV to TV , but also TV to PC or Mac  or vice versa  , " Erik Kintz , VP and general manager of Logitech 's video business , said in a statement . "  We also believe consumers will want a free service and one that is integrated into a broader entertainment experience , which is why Logitech is excited to introduce an integrated HD video calling offering with Google TV . " Cisco will market its Umi system with a mall tour to give prospective customers a chance to try the product hands-on . The $ 600 price point could be a hard sell for casual users accustomed to free VoIP services like Skype . In addition , Cisco will likely air commercials featuring Canadian actress Ellen Page , in a reprisal of her role in a series of ads to promote Cisco 's telepresence for business . In reaction to Cisco 's Umi , Skype invoked Moore 's Law , the essence of which is that technology gets faster , smaller , and cheaper over time . "  Buy a $ 599 device and it can be subject to obsoletism at the hands of mass-market options that sell for 1/2 , then 1/4 , and eventually 1/10 the price . And , when unbeatable lower cost , high performance options are readily available , spending at the top-end can be like throwing money away , especially if you are buying a video calling system and there is no one else to call , " Skype 's Jonathan Christensen said in a blog post . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Service includes HD camera with embedded microphone , set-top box , and remote No external microphone , but you can recalibrate the audio quality Recorded videos can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube
CNN  -- Last week , a federal judge issued a decision lifting the age and point-of-sale restrictions on emergency contraception , citing solid scientific and medical research showing that it is safe and effective in preventing unintended pregnancy . This is great news for all women because these restrictions created confusion and barriers , and when unprotected sex has occurred , time is a crucial factor . Emergency contraception can prevent pregnancy for up to five days after intercourse , but the sooner it 's used the more effective it is . That 's why women 's health providers and activists lobbied to make emergency contraception available without a prescription â $ " to reduce delays . And because emergency contraception is safe , making it over-the-counter was a big step in creating better access to birth control . Clearing up confusion about what emergency contraception is and how it works has been more challenging . It 's a fact that emergency contraception is birth control . The reality is , pregnancy does n't happen right after sex . It can take up to six days for the sperm and egg to meet after intercourse . That 's why it 's possible to prevent pregnancy even after the fact . Emergency contraception postpones ovulation , which prevents sperm from coming in contact with and fertilizing an egg . Pregnancy ca n't happen if there is no egg to join with sperm . In contrast , the so-called "  abortion pill , " mifepristone , works by blocking the hormone progesterone , which is needed for a pregnancy to continue . So there 's a big difference between emergency contraception and nonsurgical abortion . There was much talk last week about the implications of lifting the age restrictions . Some of it was motivated by safety concerns , which is a good and natural question to ask about any medication . It 's a fact that doctors have been prescribing emergency birth control since the 1960s , and there have been no reports of serious complications . More to the point , studies have repeatedly shown that emergency contraception is safe for use by women of all ages , including teens . Another concern among some is that access to emergency contraception will increase the rates of unprotected sex , especially among teens . There is no evidence to support this . It 's a fact that rates of unprotected sex do not increase when there is more access to emergency contraception . Research also indicates that teens understand how to use emergency contraception and that it is not intended for ongoing , regular use . The bottom line is that the use of reliable birth control is the best way to prevent an unintended pregnancy , but the fact is that unprotected sex does occur and sometimes birth control methods do fail . A condom could break , a woman could forget to take a pill , or nonconsensual sex could occur . That 's why when a woman fears she might become pregnant after her contraceptive has failed or she has had unprotected sex , she needs fast access to emergency contraception , not delays at the pharmacy counter . Lifting these restrictions will allow emergency contraception to be stocked on store shelves , making it more accessible to everyone . It will provide a safe , effective way to prevent pregnancy and reduce the need for abortion That 's why last week 's ruling is so important â $ " it 's based on good science and good sense . And that 's a fact . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Deborah Nucatola .	Deborah Nucatola : Judge lifts age and sale restrictions on emergency contraception It 's boon for young women , she says ; time a crucial factor in preventing unwanted pregnancy She says "  Plan B " postpones ovulation to prevent pregnancy ; studies show it 's safe for teens Nucatola : It will provide a safe , effective way to prevent pregnancy , reduce need for abortion
San Diego , California  CNN  -- The Christmas Day attempted attack by would-be "  underwear bomber " Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab provoked the U.S. government to plan to spend $ 1 billion for full body scanners and other bomb-detecting devices at airports . That 's a substantial cost , and it does n't include the extra wait time passengers will spend in security lines , or the distasteful invasiveness of the scanners . Is the extra security worth it ? Much of the cost of the horrendous attacks on 9/11 was indirect and , in a sense , self-inflicted . Adam Rose of the Department of Homeland Security 's Center for Risk and Economic Analysis of Terrorism Events at the University of Southern California directed a careful study . One of its most striking findings was that the standard economic costs of the 9/11 attacks , estimated at $ 25 billion , were exceeded by the costs of behavioral reactions far from the site of the attack . More specifically , the U.S. economy lost an additional $ 85 billion or so because Americans chose not to fly . The decrease in demand for air travel , and thus use of hotels and other tourism costs , lasted for almost two years , triggering airline bankruptcies and eventually forcing the U.S. government to bail out airlines . A full accounting of the damage would include the losses at tourist destinations in other countries , lost vacations and lost visits with family and friends . So $ 85 billion is probably an underestimation . Those "  self-inflicted " costs amounted to about three-quarters of a percent of U.S. GDP , the difference between a quick recovery and a prolonged recession . They were mostly because of what we now know was misplaced fear about the terrorism risk associated with air travel . Flying was actually much safer than the dissuaded passengers thought . In retrospect , nobody made themselves safer by not flying , since there was no successful second attack over the two years of low demand . The one attempted attack , by shoe bomber Richard Reid in December 2001 , was easily foiled by passengers and crew members . The lesson here is clear . It is not enough for the Obama administration to make air travel safe , it must also control the tendency of the public to exaggerate the risk of terrorism . To put that risk in perspective : Traffic accidents in the U.S. annually account for about 150 times as many avoidable deaths as there were passengers on Northwest Flight 253 from Amsterdam . Avoidable deaths due to tobacco use and unhealthy diets annually account for 3,000 times as many . Yet the traveling public requires constant reassurance . Full body scanners are a very visible means of protection that help convince travelers that the danger is small . The public 's exaggerated perception of the risk in flying provides terrorist organizations with disproportionate political leverage . This is a mechanism that terrorists exploit . Overreacting to fear over an extremely improbable , albeit horrific , event can severely amplify the damage . Keeping the true level of danger in perspective is therefore an important component of counterterrorism , especially in an economically critical sector such as air travel . An expensive defensive response is thus economically justifiable , even if it seems excessive and intrusive . President Obama was criticized in the press for not responding more forcefully to an egregious attempted attack carried out against civilians on a national holiday . Instead he seemed to focus on the security lapse and how to improve security coordination . That may not have been the populist choice -- it would have been far more satisfying to hear the president lash out at al Qaeda . Yet his measured response did seem to reassure the traveling public about the true risk associated with air travel : The AMEX index of airline stocks , which fell by 40.3 percent in September 2001 , dropped by only 1.7 percent the day after Christmas , and had recovered completely by the first week in January , as had the stock of the airline itself . It must have been awfully disappointing for AbdulMutallab 's handlers back in Yemen to see how American travelers brushed off the threat . The administration 's handling of the Christmas attack may get a C in populist politics , but it gets an A in the economics of counterterrorism . Bring on the scanners . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eli Berman and Lindsay Heger .	Authors : U.S. economy lost $ 85 billion after 9/11 because Americans chose not to fly Berman , Heger : Fears of air travel are exaggerated , giving terrorists leverage Extra security justified if only to allay fears , get Americans in the air again , they write Authors : Obama did n't lash out at al Qaeda , as some wanted , but made a good economic move
CNN  -- Iraqi kids find a musical escape Nashat Majeed , an Iraqi music teacher passes on his love for the guitar to Iraqi children . They are among the lucky ones ; members of Baghdad 's dwindling elite -- well educated , straight-A students , looking for an outlet to have "  fun " and feel "  normal . " Arwa Damon meets the kids and their teacher , who says adults need to pass on the language of music , not the language of war . Eco-awareness The UAE has one of the world 's highest per-capita ecological footprints . We talk to one environmental NGO trying to raise awareness through an innovative campaign that uses a stop-motion animation video . UAE dhow races Dhows are the traditional Arab ships that have been plying the seas for centuries . Even though they no longer rule the waves of the Persian Gulf as they once did , these majestic vessels still play a vital role in contemporary culture as a bridge to the past . Tracey Holmes reports how dhow is making a comeback as a racing boat of choice for young Emiratis . "  The Jewel of Muscat " update One hundred and forty-one days after setting sail from the shores of Oman , the handmade vessel "  The Jewel of Muscat " arrived at its final destination , Singapore . IME was there for the February launch of this dhow -- a reconstruction of the ninth-century wreck of a hand-sewn plank ship made without a single nail . We bring you an update on this story as captain and crew dock safely to a huge welcome . Campus forum We hold a roundtable discussion with students at the Mohammed Bin Rashed School for Communication at the American University in Dubai . Studying journalism and digital production and storytelling , these youths share their concerns about the state of Arab media and tell us their hopes for their contributions to this field in the future .	A group of young Iraqis is learning the language of music An animated film is aimed at getting Emiratis to reduce their eco footprint Traditional Arab sailing dhows are proving to be popular racing boats in the UAE The handmade boat "  The Jewel of Muscat " completes its voyage
CNN  June ushers in the busiest season of air travel , which typically means snaking security lines , thunderstorm delays and cabins packed to the gills with vacationing families . But take heart fliers , we dug up some bright spots that can make sitting in coach more bearable on long-haul flights . Snacks on demand When your blood sugar is plummeting or you 're craving that cup of joe that eluded you in the rush to get to the airport , the food and beverage cart can take an eternity to make its way down the aisle to your seat . Enter Red , Virgin America 's entertainment system . Passengers enter their choice from a menu of cold snacks and drinks on their personal screen , swipe their credit card , and hello artisan cheese box ! "  Ordering food from your seat is incredible , " says Bob Albert , founder and CEO of new flight rating and review site Routehappy.com . "  You feel totally empowered . " 14 outstanding airport amenities Family friendliness Traveling with children on long flights can be an ordeal at best . Luckily , more and more international carriers are offering kid-friendly perks designed to keep tots -- and those seated around them -- content . British Airways has a "  Feed Families First " policy , which can do wonders to keep peace in the cabin . Lufthansa provides baby food and special menus for children developed by German Chef Stefan Marquard , with appetizing and nutritious meals like fish fingers with potato and cabbage puree , as well as games , puzzles and coloring books that feature the antics of airline crane mascot Lu . But nothing can top the specially trained sky nannies aboard Bahrain carrier Gulf Air , who make sure kids are fed and occupied so mom and dad are free to enjoy the flight . Amazing first-class air cabins A civilized way to fly Forget the VIP pass , Canadian airline Porter invites all passengers to enjoy its lounges in Toronto and Ottawa , where free cookies , Starbucks coffee , Tazo tea , Wi-Fi and newspapers await . Onboard , Canadian craft brews and wine are served gratis , in real glasses . Bonus : no middle seats . JetBlue also deserves kudos for its roomier leather seats , snooze kits on red-eye flights and Dunkin' Donuts coffee . Saving knees everyday Few things can make a flight more uncomfortable than the passenger in front of you reclining into your precious space , crushing your knees and likely your mood . Hong-Kong-flagged carrier Cathay Pacific , however , has come to the rescue with its "  fixed-back " economy class seat that reclines six inches within its own space and cradles your head and neck with adjustable side wings . Tasty airline fare "  Can you imagine there is airplane food that people love ? " asks Albert . Indeed , Routehappy reviewers rave about nasi lemak , a Malaysian rice dish , sold aboard Kuala Lumpur-based AirAsia flights for $ 5 . "  The airline 's become famous for this dish . " Kudos also go to Turkish Airlines for the national dishes -- shish kebab , karniyarik  stuffed eggplant  and manti  dumplings  -- served in coach class , earning it a "  Best Airline Food " nod from Skyscanner recently . Hire a guide , business travelers Top-notch entertainment With 1,200 channels of on-demand entertainment , including 200 movies , 500 audio channels and 100 video games , Emirates Airlines has you covered for in-flight entertainment . The much-lauded system has recently been upgraded with a new "  graphical user interface , " making it easier to navigate the vast collection by swiping and scrolling , as well as send SMS and e-mail messages . Starry , starry night Your flight is cruising at 35,000 feet above the Atlantic , the lights in the cabin dim , and as you settle in for the night , constellations of stars appear on the ceiling . This evening phenomenon occurs on United Arab Emirates-based Etihad Airways , Emirates Airline and Egypt Air . Gentle wake-up Is a burst of harsh florescent lighting any way to wake up ? Virgin Atlantic does n't think so . The airline employs soft lighting to wake passengers gently before landing . Complimentary eye masks , blankets and pillows do n't hurt either . "  It was definitely the best I felt waking up on a red-eye , " says Lauren Sullivan , travel expert for Cheapflights.com . "  I went straight to the office because I felt perfectly refreshed . " Do you remember the best flight you ever had ? Why was it so good ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	These amenities make air travel a little nicer Some airlines have services to keep kids entertained  and their neighbors happy AirAsia serves a Malaysian rice dish that passengers rave about
Chicago  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton may be creating a problem for herself . In over a year on the paid speaking circuit , Clinton has addressed recyclers , bankers , doctors , environmentalists , a fair share of Canadians and a number of other diverse groups . Her paid speeches have one thing in common : They are regularly to corporate or trade groups that disagree with Clinton -- or her former colleagues in the Obama administration -- on key issues such as health care , environmental policy or taxes . While it would be impossible for Clinton to only speak to groups that agree with her on everything , speaking to organizations that openly disagree with Democrats on certain issues has proven problematic for Clinton . The appearances open the former secretary of state up to attacks from Republicans and create situations where she appears evasive . That was the case again Wednesday when Clinton gave the keynote luncheon talk at AdvaMed 2014 , the annual conference run by the medical device industry . One of the group 's top issues is getting rid of Obamacare 's medical device tax , a cause Wanda Moebius , the group 's spokeswoman , called their "  premier issue . " Clinton , the prohibitive favorite for her Democrats ' presidential nomination in 2016 , was less than committal about the issue on Wednesday , though . She did n't mention the tax by name during her prepared remarks and offered little indication one way or another what she would do about the issue when Stephen Ubl , the association 's president , asked her about it during a question and answer session . "  I do n't know what the right answer about the tax is , " Clinton said , "  but I think we could , taking a look at everything and not standing there with out arms folding staring at each other across the partisan divide , begin to sort it out . " Clinton seemed to play both sides of the issue , acknowledging the United States needs to look at "  the pluses and the minuses " of the law , but also stating that she thinks medical device companies "  have an argument to make " against the tax . The medical device tax is a 2.3 % excise tax created in part to fund Obamacare ; it went into effect at the beginning of 2013 . The tax , which is a large component in funding Obamacare , is unpopular with Democrats and Republicans alike , especially those with ties to the medical devices industry . Sizing up a Clinton-Romney race Clinton heralded a number of Obamacare accomplishments during her speech -- something she regularly does -- but acknowledged that the law is adversely impacting some groups and needs to be altered . "  I am well aware there are still a lot of questions that need to be answered and changes that are going to be proposed and evaluated because clearly there is more work to be done , " Clinton said . "  And your industry is bearing some of the burden alongside other stake holders . " She later added , though , "  But you are also , in my view , positioned to reap the benefits of those millions of newly insured consumers using ... medical devices . " Warren Buffett will bet you that Hillary Clinton wins in 2016 The response to Clinton 's speech was polite , but far from excited . There were no applause lines during the speech and some attendees left the room before she was finished . Republicans quickly jumped on Clinton for her answer on Wednesday . They blasted the video out to reporters shortly after the event and issued a statement earlier in the day that questioned whether Clinton 's speaking at the conference puts her at odds with the Obama administration . Hillary Clinton 's midterm campaign schedule This is not the first time , either , Clinton has put herself in this position . Clinton appeared before a group opposed to Obamacare in 2013 and has regularly appeared before Canadian audiences that very much support the Keystone XL pipeline . During a handful of visits to Canada this year , the former secretary of state has refused to definitively answer questions about the 1,179-mile-long project that would move oil from Canada to refineries in the United States . "  Well , you know , I cant really talk about it because I was in the office that has primary responsibility for making the decision , " Clinton said earlier in the week during an appearance in Ottawa . "  I do n't want to inject myself into what is a continuing process . " This answer is similar to what she said during a June even in Toronto , when Clinton planted herself squarely in the middle of the issue , telling an audience that "  these are people making arguments in good faith , " despite the fact that both sides "  may have some facts and not others . "	Clinton speaks to medical device industry leaders They want an end to tax that helps fund Obamacare Clinton does n't give definitive stance on issue
CNN  -- An emergency responder to last month 's deadly Texas fertilizer plant explosion will plead not guilty to the charge of having possessed materials for a pipe bomb , his lawyer said Saturday . Bryce Reed will enter that plea on Wednesday at a federal court hearing , lawyer Jonathan Sibley said . "  We have not been able to obtain specific information about the extent of the allegations , but Mr. Reed anxiously awaits his day in court and his opportunity to address these allegations , " Sibley said in a statement . Authorities said Friday they were launching a criminal investigation into last month 's blast in the town of West , but have not said whether Reed 's arrest is connected . Local sheriff 's deputies were called on Tuesday to a residence where they found components for a pipe bomb , according to a criminal complaint affidavit . The officers determined that Reed had given the materials to the resident of that home last month , the complaint says . Authorities rule out some potential causes of Texas blast Among the materials found were a galvanized metal pipe , a fuse , coils of metal ribbon and several bags of chemical powders , it adds . Reed , who was arrested early Friday , is charged with possession of a destructive device . "  At this time authorities will not speculate whether the possession of the unregistered destructive device has any connection to the West fertilizer plant explosion , " the U.S. attorney 's office for the Western District of Texas said in a release . But Sibley addressed "  speculation " that the allegation was related to the April 17 incident , which killed 14 in the town of West . "  Let me be very clear , " the defense lawyer said in the statement . "  Mr. Reed had no involvement whatsoever in the explosion at the West , Texas fertilizer plant . " Reed himself lost friends and family in the disaster "  and remains resolute in his desire to assist in the rebuilding of his community , " Sibley said , cautioning against any rush to judgment . If convicted , Reed would face up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . Reed spoke last month at a memorial for the victims at Baylor University . Watch paramedic 's CNN interview The arrest details came as authorities said they were conducting a criminal investigation into the fire and explosion . "  This disaster has severely impacted the community of West , and we want to ensure that no stone goes unturned and that all the facts related to this incident are uncovered , " DPS Director Steven McCraw said . On Monday , the state fire marshal 's office said it had ruled out weather , other natural causes , anhydrous ammonium and ammonium nitrate in a rail car as possible causes . Texas blast victims , in their families ' words The fire began in the fertilizer and seed building ; the blast happened about 20 minutes after the first report of a fire at the fertilizer facility . It registered on seismographs as a magnitude-2 .1 earthquake and could be felt 50 miles away . The explosion damaged numerous homes , a nursing home and the town 's high school and middle school , all of which had been built within a few hundred feet of the plant . West is about 70 miles south-southwest of Dallas . At least 60 investigators have been on site each day and have conducted 411 interviews in trying to determine how the fire started and what caused the explosion . West Fertilizer Co. , which operated the facility , had been cited by federal regulators twice since 2006 . In 2012 , the Transportation Department 's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration fined West Fertilizer $ 5,250 for storing anhydrous ammonia in tanks that lacked the proper warning labels . The agency had originally recommended a $ 10,000 penalty , but reduced it after the company took corrective action . In 2006 , the EPA fined the company $ 2,300 and told the owners to correct problems that included a failure to file a risk management program plan on time . That same year , the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality investigated a complaint that the area around the plant smelled of ammonia . Town devastated by fertilizer explosion is guided by the West way CNN 's Brian Carberry and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report	NEW : Lawyer denies "  speculation " that Bryce Reed was involved in the explosion Authorities announced Friday the launch of a criminal investigation into the blast They have not said whether Reed 's arrest is connected Reed will enter his plea on Wednesday
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Anger swept Port-au-Prince on Wednesday as protests erupted throughout the Haitian capital the day after election results were announced . Mobs charging election fraud burned the headquarters of the government-backed candidate and blocked roads using earthquake rubble and flaming tires . At the smoldering headquarters of candidate Jude Celestin , one man shouted that life was better under the Duvaliers , referring to years of Haiti 's father-son dictatorship . At least one person died in the post-election violence , authorities said . "  People are very angry , " said Franz Large , a Haitian doctor who lives near the burned headquarters . "  People expected there would be a fair election . " He accused the government of adding the names of those who perished in the earthquake to voter lists , to push the vote in their favor . He also said many people feared they would lose out on cash-for-work programs if they did not vote for the government . "  We need someone who has the trust of the people , " Lange said . "  It 's a very sad day for people who believe in democracy . " All flights in and out of Port-au-Prince , including American Airlines flights , were canceled , said Henry Marc-Charles of Haiti 's national airport authority . Early Wednesday , the normally bustling city felt an eerie quiet as residents hunkered down in their homes , fearful of potential danger on streets normally jammed with people and traffic . Many shops and businesses remained shuttered throughout the day . But the quiet was pierced by large protests as thousands marched on the streets yelling that the election had been stolen from them . They chanted "  Tet Kale ! " which means bald head in Haiti and is the moniker used by the popular musician and presidential candidate Michel Martelly . Some of the protesters wanted Martelly to speak publicly . Martelly had planned a news conference but canceled due to security concerns . Instead he issued a short statement Wednesday evening . "  Since last night , the  electoral council  put our country in total chaos by publishing manipulated results , " he said . "  Since then , the whole country reacted and is now in turmoil . They stood up to defend their votes and asked that they be respected . "  I understand your frustration , " he said . "  You have the constitutional right to peacefully protest . I am with you and will be all the way to victory . Tet kale . " Polls had suggested Martelly , a political novice , had emerged as a front-runner , but the Provisional Electoral Council announced Tuesday night that he had come in third behind former first lady Mirlande Manigat and Jude Celestin , the head of the state-run transportation company who was handpicked by President Rene Preval as his successor . No candidate won a majority , forcing a runoff set for January 16 , four days after the first anniversary of the quake . If the results hold , Martelly will not be in that runoff . The Joint OAS  Organization of American States  - CARICOM  Caribbean Community  election observation mission said Wednesday the results were not the last word on the Haitian election . It said candidates have a legal recourse to pursue a challenge -- and they should use it . The mission said in a statement that it called on the electoral council to "  ensure that these claims and challenges that are part of the contestation process are treated with the strictness , transparency and fairness they deserve in this difficult electoral environment where suspicions abound . " A final outcome in that process is expected on December 20 . The post-tabulation protests Wednesday were largely fueled by Martelly 's supporters . "  He 's our president , " they said . Martelly 's political advisor , Daniel Supplice , said that Martelly was huddling with his advisors to decide how he would proceed but the campaign has already said it will challenge the results . Supplice said it was the government 's responsibility to ensure that the protests do not spiral into chaos . "  We did not ask for anyone to take to the streets , " Supplice said . "  This is only a natural reaction . People have the right to have their vote respected . " Preval , barred from seeking another term , has grown increasingly unpopular for what Haitians perceive as a lack of progress in their troubled homeland . And it had been feared all along that a win or runoff spot for Celestin would trigger unrest in the Haitian capital . The next president of Haiti will inherit the daunting task of leading this Caribbean nation in its struggle to recover from years of dictatorship and poverty compounded by the killer earthquake , Hurricane Tomas and now a cholera epidemic that has sickened almost 100,000 people . Protests erupted immediately after the result were announced Tuesday night and spilled over into Wednesday . A police commissioner in the northern town of Cap Hatien reported one person had died in violence there . In a radio speech Wednesday , Preval appealed for calm and urged the candidates to thoroughly review the electoral council 's data . The council said Manigat , a Sorbonne-educated professor and a former first lady of Haiti , led the presidential election with 31.37 of the votes . Celestin narrowly ranked second with 22.48 percent of the votes while Martelly received 21.84 percent . But the vote was fraught with allegations of fraud . Martelly said aloud what many others in Haiti were thinking : Preval would go to any lengths to ensure a win for Celestin and preserve the power of his party , INITE . The U.S. Embassy issued a statement Tuesday saying that the United States stands ready to support efforts to review irregularities in the vote so that results are "  consistent with the will of the Haitian people expressed in their votes . "  Like others , the government of the United States is concerned by the Provisional Electoral Council 's announcement of preliminary results from the November 28 national elections that are inconsistent with the published results of the National Election Observation Council  CNO  , which had more than 5,500 observers and observed the vote count in 1,600 voting centers nationwide , " the embassy said . The CNO , a European Union-backed local election monitoring group , had said Celestin was running behind the other two candidates . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed concern Wednesday over the post-election violence . He urged the candidates "  to exhaust the formal remedies and legal procedures , which will allow a clearer picture to emerge . " "  A peaceful solution to the current situation is crucial not only to confront the cholera epidemic in the short-term but also to create the conditions in the medium term for recovery and development from the earthquake , " Ban said in a statement . The anger voiced on the streets was also targeted at the United Nations after reports suggested the cholera outbreak originated in a Nepalese peacekeepers ' camp . In a tense scene Wednesday , protesters faced off with U.N. soldiers from Brazil tasked with guarding the road at the entrance of the electoral council 's office . "  No peace mission . No MINUSTAH , " protesters said , referring the United Nations Haiti mission by its French acronym . Veteran Haitian journalist Ernest Moskolot said Haitian people were simply fed up . They endured an earthquake , a hurricane and cholera . It was time , he said , for the government to deliver . "  This is a tough time for Haiti , "  Moskolot said . "  I got a feeling God has something for us . We can not take it anymore . " CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report	NEW : At least one person is dead in post-election violence Mobs burn the headquarters of the government-backed candidate Protesters face off against U.N. troops The airport in Port-au-Prince is shut down ; American Airlines cancels Haitian flights
CNN  -- The stepdaughter of Jesse Browning , the star of a reality show about loggers , was attacked and killed by the family 's dog in Astoria , Oregon , an investigator said . Her mother found 4-year-old Ashlynn Anderson in the yard of their home after the attack Sunday afternoon , Clatsop County Sheriff Chief Deputy Paul Williams said Tuesday . The child was pronounced dead on arrival after she was flown by helicopter to a Portland hospital , Williams said . The family 's two Rottweilers were placed in quarantine , he said . The dog believed to have bitten the child was 2 1/2 years old , he added . Ashlynn 's stepfather , Jesse Browning , is a logger who appears on the reality show the History Channel describes as a series about "  the treacherous life of Pacific Northwest timber cutters . "	"  Ax Men " star Jesse Browning 's stepdaughter was attacked , killed by dog Girl was 4 years old ; family 's Rottweilers placed in quarantine "  Ax Men " is about loggers in Pacific Northwest
Dubai , Uae  CNN  -- Dubai police have intercepted an illegal shipment of 16,000 pistols from Turkey to Yemen , Dhahi Khalfan Tamim , the Dubai Police commander-in-chief , said Thursday . "  We shall not allow any criminal elements to use our territories to carry out any illicit plot that poses threat to peace and security of any country , " Tamim said . The weapons were found in a shipping container in Dubai 's port . Six people were arrested for their alleged links to the smuggling of the weapons valued at more than $ 2 million , Tamim said . "  The huge amount of brand-faked hand guns along with additional bullet chambers , manufactured in Turkey , were carefully hidden among wrapped boxes carrying furniture in a container which was temporarily stored in one of Dubai 's storehouses , " a government statement said . Like a number of nations in the Middle East and North Africa , Yemen has experienced growing unrest . A crackdown on protesters last week left 52 people dead . Protesters have called for the ouster of President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who has ruled Yemen since 1978 . The country has been wracked by a Shiite Muslim uprising , a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives and a looming shortage of water . High unemployment fuels much of the anger among a growing young population suffering from poverty . The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom . Saleh has promised not to run for president in the next round of elections . CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	The weapons were found in a shipping container in Dubai 's port The shipment includes 16,000 pistols made in Turkey Like a number of nations in the Middle East and North Africa , Yemen has experienced growing unrest
Hong Kong  CNN  Opium production in southeast Asia 's "  Golden Triangle " has tripled since 2006 , fueling an illicit drugs trade worth $ 16.3 billion , a new United Nations report says . Poppy cultivation in Myanmar and Laos stood at 63,800 hectares in 2014 , compared with 61,200 hectares in 2013 -- increasing for an eighth year , the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime said in its Southeast Asia Opium Survey 2014 . The region produced approximately 762 tons of opium , which was most likely made into 76 tons of heroin , it said . Myanmar accounts for the vast majority of the region 's poppy cultivation . Production is particularly entrenched in the northern Shan State , near the Chinese border , where it 's a staple part of the economy and helps fund rebel groups , the report added . "  Surveys of farmers indicate that , for many , the money made from poppy cultivation is an essential part of family income and support , " said Yury Fedetov , the executive director of the United Nations on Drugs and Crime , said . "  Villages threatened with food insecurity and poverty need sustainable alternatives , or they will have little choice beyond growing this cash crop out of desperation , " he added . The report said there had been an increase in heroin use in China , Laos , Singapore and Thailand in 2014 , driving demand for opium . The Golden Triangle -- a fabled area that straddles the borders of Myanmar , Laos and Thailand along the Mekong River -- was once the largest heroin-producing area in the world but eradication efforts in the late 1990s and early 2000s saw cultivation fall . But production has seen a resurgence since 2006 thanks in part to closer regional integration and better transport infrastructure boosting trade . Afghanistan is the world 's biggest cultivator of opium poppies .	Opium production in southeast Asia 's "  Golden Triangle " increases for eighth year Poppy cultivation in Myanmar and Laos rose to 63,800 hectares in 2014 Myanmar accounts for the vast majority of the region 's poppy cultivation
Washington  CNN  -- The Libyan military has been pounded by coalition airstrikes neutralizing its air capabilities but it is still able to fight and maneuver on the ground , U.S. officials said . The Libyan Air Force has been grounded after five days of operations by the coalition forces . More than 160 Tomahawk missiles and several hundred strikes from fighter jets have virtually destroyed Moammar Gadhafi 's air defense . The toll on the air system is "  to the point where we can operate with near impunity across Libya , " said Vice Marshall Greg Bagwell of Britain 's Royal Air Force . Despite the targeting of mobile launchers , Libyan forces still have numerous mobile launchers that could pose a risk to coalition planes . But it 's the ground forces where Gadhafi has more maneuverability because of the coalition 's limitations in fighting Libyan forces only from the air . Gadhafi 's forces have retreated from the eastern city of Benghazi , but continue to fight in other cities including Misrata and Ajabiya using "  tanks , artillery , rocket launchers , " according to Rear Adm. Gerard Hueber , chief of staff for the coalition Odyssey Dawn . The coalition is able to strike at forces moving toward cities , but once they are inside city limits , dropping bombs with enough precision to avoid civilian casualties is difficult . Before the war , Libya had about 500 mortars and 2,400 pieces of artillery . Gadhafi had close to 2,000 tanks and armored vehicles to move around , but much was poorly maintained . Libya 's elite forces come from tribes loyal to Gadhafi , dedicated to protecting the regime . The 32nd Brigade , for instance , is commanded by one of Gadhafi 's sons . Those forces total , at most , 10,000 men . They are better paid and better equipped , said Gawdat Bahgat , a military analyst at National Defense University , with tanks and conventional weapons . Those elite forces are on the offense . U.S. surveillance planes have seen some attacks by the elite units . "  Those forces are fully engaged in this conflict , that are attacking those civilian populations , " Hueber said . The Gadhafi forces remain capable of carrying out attacks on the opposition , a U.S. official told CNN . They are relatively well organized and continue to fight effectively in certain parts of the country , said the unnamed official , who is not authorized to speak on the record . The rebels have gained some additional battle space due to coalition efforts , the official said . Rebels are in a better position than they were a few days ago , but the Gadhafi forces have the upper edge at this point in time , the official said . However , where possible , the coalition is hitting the forces on the ground , arguing it is within the mission of protecting civilians . "  Gadhafi 's forces are feeling the strain of several weeks of fighting without any resupply , " the official said . "  In Ajdabiya to Misurata , our targeted priorities are mechanized forces , those mobile integrated -- those mobile surface-to-air missile sites , interdicting their lines of communications which supply their beans and their bullets , their command-and-control , and any opportunities for sustainment of that activity , " Hueber said Wednesday .	Gadhafi 's elite ground forces are well-paid , well-equipped Those troops fight within cities , where coalition ca n't easily get them
CNN  -- Two Montana legislators have put their names behind what they hope will be a class-action lawsuit aimed at Greg Mortenson , who has come under fire for allegedly fabricating details in the best-selling book "  Three Cups of Tea . " The lawsuit , which also names Mortenson 's Central Asia Institute charity , was filed Thursday in a federal court in Montana by attorneys Alexander Blewett III and his son , Anders Blewett , the latter of whom is a Democratic member of that state 's legislature . The plaintiffs are Michele Reinhart of Missoula and Jean Price of Great Falls , both Democratic representatives in Montana . Alexander Blewett III , a Helena-based attorney , said the intent is to eventually open up the suit to anyone who 'd bought a book by Mortenson or donated to the Montana-based charity he heads . He said the two plaintiffs hope is to collect money , should the lawsuit prevail , and use it to spur educational efforts in Afghanistan , as the charity has purported to do . "  People now realize they were deceived : They bought books and gave money based on false pretenses , " Blewett said Friday . "  The plaintiffs  want to try to get this money into a trust , and use it to actually build schools . " Mortenson shot to worldwide fame with "  Three Cups of Tea : One Man 's Mission to Fight Terrorism and Build Nations ... One School at a Time , " which describes his getting lost in an effort to climb K2 , the world 's second-tallest mountain , being rescued by Pakistanis in the village of Korphe and vowing to return there to build a school for local girls . The riveting story led to the creation of the Central Asia Institute , an organization that works to improve girls ' education in Pakistan and Afghanistan . Co-written with David Oliver Relin , the book has become a international publishing phenomenon since it was published five years ago , spawning a sequel , two children 's editions and translations in 19 countries . The charity did not immediately respond Friday to a request for comment on the proposed class-action lawsuit . It referred CNN to earlier remarks it and Mortenson have made , which deny that the fundamental stories behind the best-seller are untrue . The charity 's website also posted a statement from one of Mortenson 's doctors , Pamela Hiebert , saying that the author has a hole in his heart that has led to chronic low oxygen levels in his blood . As of Monday , an angiographic procedure that had been scheduled for last week had been postponed and Mortenson was at home on bed rest , where he was receiving oxygen but not allowed to use electronics , according to Hiebert . Several weeks earlier , when a critical "  60 Minutes " segment came out , Mortenson defended his stories and charity . He wrote , in comments posted on the Central Asia Institute 's website , that the CBS report "  paints a distorted picture using inaccurate information , innuendo and a microscopic focus on one year 's " tax return for the Montana-based charity . And two days before the piece aired , he wrote , "  I stand by the information conveyed in my book , and by the value of CAI 's work in empowering local communities to build and operate schools that have educated more than 60,000 students . " Yet the lawsuit filed this week claim that both Mortenson and his institute "  repeatedly fabricated material about his activities and work in Pakistan and Afghanistan ... to induce unsuspecting individuals to purchase his books and donate to CAI . " Mortenson "  committed actual fraud " against the plaintiffs -- one of whom bought a book , while the other gave to his charity -- the lawsuit alleges . "  The conduct of Mortenson and CAI constitutes malice and/or other egregious conduct , for which a jury should award punitive damages , " according to the lawsuit . Blewett explained that a federal judge will now decide whether the lawsuit can be a class-action , which would mean anyone who bought Mortenson 's book or given to his charity -- even if they live outside Montana -- can join as a plaintiff . The lawsuit specifically mentions the creation of a "  constructive trust " that would funnel money from the lawsuit to charitable works . Ultimately , Mortenson and his charity could face a jury trial , based on the lawsuit 's claims . "  We  could  could have our opportunity to present the testimony , and we 'll see what the jury says , " said Blewett . "  We are convinced that the vast amount of what  Mortenson  said is false . " Weeks before this lawsuit came to light , Montana Attorney General Steve Bullock said in a statement his office is looking into the Central Asia Institute . The organization recorded income of $ 14 million in 2009 , the vast majority of which was raised from private individuals , many of whom may have been inspired by Mortenson 's books . However , in 2009 , less than half of that money actually went to building schools in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and $ 1.7 million went to promote Mortenson 's books , according to the institute 's board of directors . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A lawsuit is filedagainst Greg Mortenson and the Central Asia Institute It claims he fabricated stories to generate book sales , donations Mortenson and the charity have ripped a critical "  60 Minutes " report Plaintiffs want money from lawsuit to go toward schools in Afghanistan
New York  CNN  -- Two men suspected of planning an attack on a Manhattan synagogue with guns and a grenade were arrested Wednesday , marking the end of a seven-month undercover operation by New York police officers . The suspects , Ahmed Ferhani and Mohamed Mamdouh , were detained in midtown Manhattan after buying two loaded Browning semi-automatic pistols , one Smith & Wesson revolver , ammunition and a grenade , according to Police Commissioner Ray Kelly . At least a dozen police officers swarmed Ferhani , who was at the time placing the weapons in the trunk of his car . Mamdouh was arrested on a street nearby moments later . Each faces terrorism and hate-crime-related charges and , if convicted , could confront the prospect of life behind bars without the possibility of parole . Ferhani , a 26-year-old unemployed resident of Queens , is a native of Algeria who traveled to the United States in 1995 , claiming asylum . "  Muslims are abused all over the world , and I ai n't going to take it , " prosecutors quoted Ferhani as saying ; his conversations with an undercover police officer were secretly recorded . Prosecutors say Ferhani sold narcotics in an effort to finance the planned attacks . His defense attorney , Stephen Pokart , told Manhattan Criminal Court Judge Melissa Jackson that his client "  has n't committed any crime at all . " Mamdouh , 20 , also a Queens resident , was previously arrested on a pending 2010 burglary charge . He worked for a local delivery service and came to the United States in 1999 with his family from Casablanca , Morocco . Defense attorney Steven Fusfelda -- while not acknowledging the legitimacy of the charges -- asked for leniency given that the prosecutors ' case appeared to hinge more directly on Ferhani , he said . Both men 's voices were captured on audio recordings plotting the attacks , District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said , but they had not selected which synagogue to target . Neither man has been charged in connection with a terrorist cell . Both , however , were allegedly "  committed to violent jihad , " telling police that they wanted to kill Jewish people and also hoped to attack New York 's Empire State Building , Vance said . "  While Osama bin Laden is dead , terrorism around the world is not , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Thursday . Such "  lone wolves " are "  the toughest to stop , " the mayor said , noting that 12 other terrorist plots in New York have been thwarted since September 11 , 2001 . "  We know that , as an international symbol of freedom and liberty , New York City is and will always be a target . " Authorities said the suspects discussed disguising themselves as Jewish temple-goers , growing their beards and pretending to pray as a way to sneak inside a synagogue and place a bomb . During the course of the police investigation , Ferhani was recorded discussing his goal of financing "  the Palestinian cause in Gaza " and traveling to Gaza in an effort to kill Israeli soldiers , according to a district attorney statement . The suspects offered no resistance during the arrest , and the plot appears to be more aspirational than operational , police said . They were arraigned Thursday in Manhattan Criminal Court . "  Generally the federal government has a greater interest in prosecuting these matters , " said former federal prosecutor Michael Wildes . "  Their deferral here begs the question of the posturing and the behind-the-scenes politics that played out . " Wildes called it a "  major accomplishment " for the state to try a terrorist suspect , rather than to proceed under federal jurisdiction . Over the course of the investigation , prosecutors say , Ferhani discussed buying multiple guns while trying to learn how to build a bomb . He allegedly proposed blowing up an empty synagogue , as well as a church in Queens . Later , Ferhani was recorded discussing ideas of blowing up a synagogue "  with Jews or Zionists inside , " the statement said . "  The defendants plotted and took concrete steps to bomb synagogues and kill Jewish New Yorkers as an act of terrorism , " Vance said . Meanwhile , U.S. Homeland Security officials continue to stress that lone wolves and homegrown terrorists are high on their list of concerns and can be just as dangerous as those with direct ties to al Qaeda or other extremist groups . The terror threat "  was on the radar screen " well before al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was killed May 2 in Pakistan , one law enforcement source said . The arrests grew out of another investigation that also began long before bin Laden 's death , officials said . Jewish Federations of North America President and CEO Jerry Silverman released a statement Thursday saying his group was "  disturbed by the news reports of a homegrown terror plot aimed at Jewish communal institutions in New York City . " In the wake of bin Laden 's death , he says , the federation is endeavoring to help "  communities be prepared , alert and secure against the heightened threat . " CNN 's David Ariosto and Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report .	NEW : One suspect accused of selling drugs to finance plot Suspects were "  lone wolves , " Bloomberg says Police say they purchased three guns , ammunition and a grenade Their arrests mark end of seven-month undercover operation
CNN  -- The father of a man suspected in a botched terror attack aboard a Northwest Airlines flight contacted the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria recently with concerns his son was planning something , a senior U.S. administration official said Saturday . The father -- identified by a family source as Umaru Abdul Mutallab -- contacted the U.S. Embassy "  a few weeks ago " saying his son , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , had "  become radicalized , " the senior administration official , who is familiar with the case , told CNN . Abdulmutallab , 23 , was charged in a federal criminal complaint Saturday with attempting to destroy the plane Friday on its final approach to Michigan 's Detroit Metropolitan Airport , and placing a destructive device on the aircraft , the Department of Justice said . A family source told CNN that Mutallab -- who recently retired as chairman of First Bank PLC , one of Nigeria 's premier banks -- had contacted the embassy in Nigeria 's capital , Abuja , and various other security agencies earlier than the timeline provided by the administration official . The family source said Mutallab went to those agencies about three months ago after receiving a text message from his son . The source , who lives at the family home in Kaduna in northern Nigeria , said the son informed his family in the text message that he was leaving school in Dubai to move to Yemen . He implied that he was leaving "  for the course of Islam . " The family member said Abdulmutallab "  had no family consent or support , " adding he "  absconded to Yemen . " Mutallab 's information about his son was forwarded to the National Counter-Terrorism Center , and Abdulmutallab was added to a general watch list , the senior administration official said . But the official said "  the info on him was not deemed specific enough to pull his visa or put him on a no-fly list . " Abdulmutallab was arrested Friday and made an initial court appearance Saturday afternoon at the University of Michigan Medical Center in Ann Arbor , where he was being treated for severe burns suffered when he ignited a small explosive device . Read the federal criminal complaint and affidavit The fire was put out and he was subdued by crew members and passengers , and the plane landed shortly thereafter . He was taken into custody for questioning by the FBI , authorities said . A preliminary FBI analysis found that the device contained PETN , also known as Pentaerythritol Tetranitrate , a highly explosive chemical compound . In addition , FBI agents recovered what appear to be the remnants of a syringe from the vicinity of Abdulmutallab 's seat , believed to have been part of the device . Abdulmutallab was granted a multiple-year , multiple-entry tourist visa at the U.S. Embassy in London in June 2008 , the administration official said . He was a student in London at the time , and there was "  no derogatory information that would have prevented him from getting a visa , " the official said . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , in a statement Saturday , said , "  The security of the public must always be our primary concern . " Britain 's Home Secretary Alan Johnson said Saturday he is following developments closely and has assured the public that police in Britain are working closely with U.S. investigators "  to uncover the full background to the incident . " Read more about the investigation in the U.K. . When Abdulmutallab returned to Nigeria from London , he told his family he wanted to get a second college degree in Egypt or Saudi Arabia , the family source said . The family refused , because they were worried that he may have developed ties to some dubious people . He went to Dubai , instead , the source said , where he sent a text message saying he had gone to Yemen to start a new life , and that it would be difficult for anyone to reach him because he had thrown away his SIM card . Abdulmutallab 's father notified the U.S. Embassy with information on his son , saying the family feared he went to Yemen to participate in "  some kind of jihad . " A federal security bulletin obtained by CNN said Abdulmutallab claimed the explosive device used Friday "  was acquired in Yemen along with instructions as to when it should be used . " Yemeni authorities have yet to receive official information on the terror attempt , according to a Yemeni official who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the press . But , the source said the country 's government will take immediate action once the attempted bombing suspect 's alleged link to the country is officially identified . Earlier Saturday , the Netherlands ' national coordinator for counterterrorism told CNN that Abdulmutallab had gone through "  normal security procedures " in Amsterdam before boarding the flight to Detroit , Michigan , and those were "  well-performed . " The initial impression is that the suspect was acting alone and did not have any formal connections to organized terrorist groups , the U.S. administration official said . See passengers ' accounts U.S. Rep. Bennie Thompson , D-Mississippi , who chairs the House Committee on Homeland Security , said the attempted act of terrorism would be the focus of an oversight hearing next month . "  The committee will get to the bottom of what did and did not happen with Mr. Abdulmutallab and what security precautions need to take place in the future , " Thompson said . In Nigeria , the government said Saturday that it "  received with dismay the news of attempted terrorist attack on a U.S. airline " and has ordered its security agencies to investigate the incident . "  While steps are being taken to verify the identity of the alleged suspect and his motives , our security agencies will cooperate fully with the American authorities in the on-going investigations , " said Dora Akunyili , Nigeria 's minister of information and communications . "  We state very clearly that as a nation , we abhor all forms of terrorism . " Officials from the Nigerian Embassy in Washington , D.C. , have flown to Michigan "  to gain Consular access " to the suspect , the embassy said in a statement Saturday . The embassy said it plans to cooperate with U.S. authorities in the case . An official with the U.S. Transportation Security Administration told CNN there will be increased security measures taken on international flights to the United States . The official advised travelers to allow for extra time before the flight . There will be no change in the number of carry-on bags allowed . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Richard Quest , Nic Robertson and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Father of suspect in foiled attack had relayed concerns to U.S. Embassy , source says Father feared son went to Yemen to be part of "  some kind of jihad , " source tells CNN Nigerian , 23 , charged with trying to destroy Northwest flight on approach to Detroit U.S. Embassy in London granted him a multi-year visa in June 2008 , source says
CNN  -- As Congress debates immigration law , it can not avoid debating citizenship . Who gets to be a citizen ? And what should citizens know , believe , and do ? Under current law , would-be citizens must pass the U.S. Naturalization Test , which poses factual questions about civics and history such as : "  What are two rights in the Declaration of Independence ? " They must respond with two of the following : life , liberty , or the pursuit of happiness . This test assumes that a competent citizen knows some basic information about the U.S. political system . Most American students must demonstrate similar competence . All U.S. states have standards for K-12 social studies and , typically , the teacher assesses knowledge with paper-and-pencil tests that resemble the naturalization test . One question is whether these requirements reflect a worthy definition of citizenship . Should we insist on knowing generalized facts but not , for example , skills for working with other people , or values such as a commitment to other people 's rights ? Another question is whether studying for short-answer tests teaches people much . Someone could study for the naturalization test by memorizing phrases without understanding at all what they mean . The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services provides online flashcards to help , and the same is true of multiple choice civics tests in high school . We could ask similar questions about the Pledge of Allegiance . When schools drop the pledge , it 's interpreted as an attack on patriotic values . But if there were no pledge , would we really choose to instill patriotism and knowledge of the U.S. system by requiring students to repeat the same 31 words daily from kindergarten through senior year ? Would we be satisfied if millions of elementary school students said "  indivisible " every day , but hardly any of them knew what it meant ? If it is a pledge , why would we ask them to repeat it daily ? Surely a promise is for keeps . In other words , we should be thinking about what we want citizens to know , believe and do and how to teach and promote those objectives . The bipartisan "  Gang of 8 " senators introduced an act recently , the Border Security , Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act , that takes a promising new approach . It does n't mention the naturalization test at all . Instead , it would create a new U.S. citizenship foundation that would promote civic education for immigrants , especially low-income residents . Those who seek "  merit-based " naturalization -- jumping ahead of the queue -- would get points for "  civic involvement " if they had engaged in a significant amount of community service . The law values an understanding of constitutional principles , but it adds community service as an element of citizenship , and it encourages better teaching approaches than using flashcards to study for a short test . It does n't specify those approaches but asks the foundation to look for "  best practices . " If the new foundation becomes a reality , members should keep three principles in mind . First , the goal should be to encourage people who are seeking naturalization to be genuinely constructive contributors to civic life . Memorizing a few phrases wo n't suffice to show they are capable citizens , but having the opportunity to learn advanced civic skills will help them and their communities . Our research finds that people who are engaged with their communities tend to fare much better in school , jobs and life . Second , although being a good citizen means supporting certain core principles , civic education should not be fully standardized . One size does not fit all . A grandmother who has fled tyranny does not need the same kind of civic education as an adolescent who was born in the United States and knows only this country and the English language . Third , an immigrant background is a civic asset . Newcomers contribute valuable knowledge and insights from their home countries . Most research on young immigrants finds that they flourish and contribute best if they hold on to aspects of their parents ' cultures . When they lose their background culture , the worst elements of U.S. culture , such as fast food and violence , tend to affect them most strongly . As Congress debates the immigration bill , the nation 's attention will be focused on the question of who should be a citizen . We should not forget the equally important question of what citizens must know , believe , and do . For immigrants and native-born Americans alike , civic education should not be about passing a simple test but promoting high and diverse civic achievement . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Levine .	Peter Levine : Would-be citizens must pass U.S. Naturalization Test , like a high school test Levine : Committing to community is more important than knowing facts about civics New proposal for citizenship will award those who perform community service , he says Levine : Becoming a citizen should be tailored to different circumstances of applicant
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russia is planning a "  comprehensive rearmament " of its military , President Dmitry Medvedev said Tuesday . A Russian T-90 tank rolls through Red Square during 2008 's Victory Day parade . The announcement comes amid concerns in Moscow over the performance of its forces during last year 's invasion of Georgia , an expert on the Russian military told CNN . Christopher Langton , an analyst at the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London , said the campaign against the former Soviet republic had revealed significant weaknesses within Russia 's armed forces . "  The Georgia thing was a wake-up call on a number of fronts , " said Langton , a former British military and defense attache in Russia . "  Things they expected to perform well did n't -- communications , the air force . It took five days , which is quite a long time , to suppress another country 's air defenses , quite a small country 's . " Medvedev said the "  most important task is to re-equip the -LSB- Russian -RSB- Armed Forces with newest weapons system , " in televised remarks to defense ministry officials . He said the process had already begun and would accelerate through 2011 . Medvedev insisted that falling prices for oil and gas -- which contribute significantly to Moscow 's budget -- would not force him to scale back on plans to modernize the military . The defense budget has "  virtually remained the same as was planned , " Medvedev said , "  despite our current financial problems . " The country will aim for 70 percent of its weaponry to be "  modern " by 2020 , Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov said , according to RIA-Novosti , the state-run news agency . Russia invaded Georgia , to its south , in August of last year -- the first time Russian military forces had engaged in an offensive outside their borders since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 . The conflict strengthened the hand of Medvedev , who favors reform , against generals who oppose it , Langton , the military analyst , told CNN . "  It gave Medvedev a chance to reply to opponents in Ministry of Defense : ` We need much more mobile forces , better weaponry , ' " Langton said . But Langton pointed out that Russia has been talking about modernizing its army almost since the end of the Cold War nearly two decades ago . Former President Boris Yeltsin announced in the early 1990s that Russia would replace its conscript army with a professional force by 2010 , Langton said -- a target it has come nowhere close to meeting . Modernization foundered on Russia 's need to bring in money by exporting arms , rather than using the products of its military-industrial complex itself ; opposition from entrenched interests in the Ministry of Defense , which opposed downsizing ; and in the face of a national security strategy that focused on conflicts like the two Chechen wars . Former President Vladimir Putin staked his popularity in the late 1990s on winning the second war with the restive Chechnya , Langton observed . Medvedev , too , wants to promote pride in the country 's military , the analyst said , but has a "  more nuanced approach " than his predecessor , who remains influential as prime minister . Langton said Medvedev believes Russian forces should be capable of operating alongside Western forces . But , he added , "  Some of the generals do n't agree with him . "	Russia planning "  comprehensive rearmament " of its military , Moscow announces Analyst : Last year 's invasion of Georgia revealed Russian military weaknesses "  Large-scale rearmament " to begin in 2011 , President Dmitry Medvedev says Russia aiming for 70 percent of its weaponry to be "  modern " by 2020
For more than 30 years , Dan Dominguez helped operate the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station near San Diego . Now he 's helping to button it up for good . Dominguez is one of nearly 600 people still working at the two-reactor plant , down from a work force of more than 1,500 when the plant was still running -- "  all solid , middle-class jobs , " he said . "  A lot of them have already moved on , " Dominguez said . They 've gone to work for other U.S. nuclear plants , for conventionally fueled plants or other arms of the electrical power industry , he said . And a few have gone to work overseas , where other countries are building new nuclear plants . "  Three or four of our guys , maybe five , went to work in Abu Dhabi , " said Dominguez , who 's also the business manager for Local 246 of the Utility Workers Union of America . "  Another one went to South Korea . " Not long ago , nuclear energy seemed poised to start a much-touted renaissance in the United States . Buoyed by forecasts of increased demand , utilities were gearing up to start building the first new reactors since the 1970s . Concerns about the emissions from carbon-rich fossil fuels blamed for global warming started to offset public fears about safety that had lingered since the Three Mile Island accident in 1979 . Read CNN 's quick facts about U.S. nuclear power plants Map : How close are you to nuclear waste ?  PDF But since then , the industry has seen a dramatic reversal of fortune . And while some environmentalists , like those featured in the CNN Films ' documentary "  Pandora 's Promise , " now argue that nuclear power is needed to head off climate change , the market has become a hostile place . "  The industry got hit between the eyes by a number of things happening at once , " said Peter Bradford , a former Nuclear Regulatory Commission member . Related : ` Pandora 's Promise ' Five new reactors are currently being built , in Georgia , South Carolina and Tennessee . But in the past year , utilities have permanently shut down four others and plan to take a fifth out of service next year . At least two other planned projects have been shelved . The projected increases in electric demand did n't materialize , tamped down by the steep recession of 2007-2009 and increasing efficiencies and conservation measures , Bradford said . Then , a revolution in drilling techniques produced a boom in cheap natural gas . And during the recession , long-debated efforts to limit carbon emissions through a "  cap-and-trade " system failed to make it through Congress . The Environmental Protection Agency forecast that cap-and-trade would have led utilities to produce more nuclear plants , which produce large amounts of power without releasing carbon dioxide . "  Looking back as sort of an armchair quarterback , it really turns out the nuclear industry needed some kind of cap-and-trade or strong carbon regulation to get back off the ground , " said David Solan , director of the Energy Policy Institute at Idaho 's Boise State University . Related : Ads warn against taxing carbon emissions Then in 2011 , the historic Japanese earthquake and tsunami triggered the worst nuclear accident since the Soviet Union 's Chernobyl disaster in 1986 , bringing safety issues back into the spotlight . Three reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in northeastern Japan melted down after the tsunami swamped the plant and knocked out its emergency power systems . Though no fatalities have been blamed on the accident , the resulting contamination displaced more than 100,000 people , and the cleanup and damages have left Japan 's largest utility on life support . Solan called it a "  body blow " to the American nuclear establishment , following the gas revolution and the failure of government attempts to impose a price on carbon emissions . "  Fracking , " the use of hydraulic fracturing to break open underground rock formations that hold natural gas , has driven the cost of that fuel sharply downward . Gas-fired power plants are far faster and cheaper to build than nuclear plants , which can take a decade and cost billions of dollars to get up and running . And while gas is n't carbon-free , it puts out about half the carbon emissions of coal . The shift toward selling electricity on regional grids , particularly in the Northeast and Midwest , has pitted nuclear-generated power directly against gas -- and nuclear is losing , Solan said . "  From a generation standpoint , it 's really hard for them to make money in those markets , " he said . David Crane , the head of the utility conglomerate NRG , predicted in April that natural gas would wipe out both coal and nuclear power . NRG had sought to build two new reactors in south Texas but abandoned the project in 2011 , citing high costs and the "  extraordinary challenges " facing the industry after Fukushima Daiichi . "  I do n't necessarily think at least the second of those is a good thing , " Crane said . "  But I think it 's inevitable outside of government intervention , which I do n't think is going to happen . " In Vermont , the single-reactor Vermont Yankee plant will close in 2014 after its owner , Entergy , decided in August that it was no longer "  financially viable . " Dominion Power shut down its Kewaunee plant in Wisconsin in May , a decision it said was "  based purely on economics . " Duke Energy announced in February that it would write off its Crystal River plant in Florida , which had been idled since 2009 for repairs to its concrete containment building . And San Onofre had been offline for more than a year when its owner , Southern California Edison , announced in June that it would n't reopen . The plant shut down in 2012 after a gas leak revealed problems in its massive new steam generators , which had just been replaced at a cost of nearly $ 700 million . SCE said the "  continuing uncertainty " over the plant 's future "  was not good for our customers , our investors , or the need to plan for our region 's long-term electricity needs . " Read more about the closing of Vermont Yankee Bradford , the former NRC member , said utilities have been unable to draw investors for new plants , forcing them to rely on loan guarantees from the federal government -- and on customers in states like Georgia and Florida , which have allowed regulated public utilities to charge them for plants still under construction . "  The fundamental problem was the renaissance was always economically unsound , " Bradford said . "  There was never a point in time at which private investors were prepared to back new nuclear . There were just too many things that could go wrong . " And while the zero-carbon promise of nuclear power may be appealing , the billions it would take to build a nuclear plant could better be spent to develop renewable energy sources like wind and solar , boost conservation efforts and improve fuel efficiency for motor vehicles , he said . Climate change warriors : It 's time to go nuclear "  The problem with using nuclear as an answer to climate change is it 's so much more expensive than other potential answers , " Bradford said . "  It 's like building palaces to solve a housing shortage , or using caviar to solve world hunger . " Dominguez said his co-workers are n't likely to have trouble finding jobs -- "  There 's a lot of skills that are transferable , " he told CNN . But he also calls himself "  a climate change guy , " and said most of the 2,200 megawatts of electricity that San Onofre used to produce will now be replaced by carbon-emitting fossil fuel plants rather than renewable . "  The only greenhouse gases that San Onofre created was the smokers up on the top of the deck , when they would get together and smoke , " he said .	Cheap natural gas , Fukushima and no carbon limits hurt promised "  nuclear renaissance " Five U.S. reactors are being built , but others are shutting down or being canceled The nuclear industry "  got hit between the eyes , " former NRC commissioner says
CNN  -- Manchester City brought misery to a rainy Wednesday in north London as they defeated Tottenham to knock rivals Arsenal off their perch at the top of the English Premier League . A lacklustre Arsenal had dropped valuable points at Southampton and Man City took advantage to move two points ahead of the Gunners with a free-flowing 5-1 victory against Tottenham . But manager Manuel Pellegrini poured cold water on any talk of City now being title favorites despite the London rout . "  I think it 's too soon to be the favorites -- there 's a lot of matches to play , " he was quoted on the club website . "  If we continue to play the way we are , we will have chances to win but it 's early . " Agile Argentine Sergio Aguero pounced after 15 minutes to give City the lead only to hobble off the pitch with a right leg injury just before half time . Even without Aguero , who has now scored 50 EPL goals , Manuel Pellegrini 's men found their scoring boots in the second half . Yaya Toure stroked home the ball from the penalty spot after Danny Rose was shown a red card for a lunge on Edin Dzeko in the penalty area . Dzeko got in on the act as he clipped in David Silva 's rebounded shot from close range before substitute Stevan Jovetic added to the scoreline with his first league goal . City captain Vincent Kompany polished off the victory over 10-man Spurs late on . Chelsea missed their chance to close the gap on Arsenal and Man City as they were held to a 0-0 draw by a gutsy West Ham side . Even with a whopping 39 attempts on goal , Jose Mourinho 's men could not find the back of the net as the relegation threatened Hammers dug in . It looked as if there might be a reprieve for Chelsea as seven minutes of extra time were added on but Demba Ba , Eden Hazard , Samuel Eto'o and Frank Lampard were all denied . Lampard clasped his hands to his face in disbelief at the final whistle as Chelsea missed their chance to go second in the table and for now stay third , three points off the leaders . A frustrated Mourinho commented on Sky Sports : "  If I was at home watching for sure I would turn off or change to another match . " Maybe the match the Portuguese manager should have watched was Aston Villa 's pulsating 4-3 victory over West Bromwich Albion . It may not be the game that settles the thrilling title fight but it was arguably the match of the night Wednesday . In Germany , Bayern Munich were back in business in the Bundesliga as they rallied to beat Stuggart 2-1 and stretch their unbeaten league run to an astonishing 43 matches . Pep Guardiola 's league leaders had Thiago Alcantara and Claudio Pizarro to thank for getting back on terms after Vedad Ibisevic had put the home side ahead . Bayern 's record run in the German league dates back to October 2012 and , as if one record was n't enough , they also notched up their 28th away match in the Bundesliga without defeat . In Italy , intensity was the key for Rafael Benitez as he watched his Napoli side book a place in the Coppa Italia semi-final , which are staged over two legs . A solo strike from Gonzalo Higuain was enough to sweep aside holders Lazio and book a last four meeting against Roma . Udinese host Fiorentina in the other semifinal . There was rain in Spain as Barcelona braved the weather to complete a 5-1 victory over Levante at a soggy Nou Camp to advance to the Copa del Rey semifinals . Goals from Adriano , Carles Puyol , Alexis Sanchez , who scored twice , and Cesc Fabregas sealed a 9-2 win on aggregate . Holders Atletico Madrid set up a hotly anticipated semifinal with city rivals Real Madrid after beating Athletic Bilbao 2-1 Wednesday .	A lively Manchester City side thrash Tottenham 5-1 in the English Premier League City knock Arsenal off the top of the table and now hold a two-point lead Chelsea are held to a 0-0 draw by a plucky West Ham side In Germany , Bayern Munich stretch their unbeaten league run to 43 matches
Lights , camera , fashion . The New York Fashion Week action is afoot , with designers showcasing their spring 2015 collections this week and next , before heading overseas to London , Milan and Paris . See all of CNN Living 's New York Fashion Week coverage What will be sent down the runways , and ultimately into consumers ' closets ? Two fashion forecasters from WGSN , the official trend sponsor for the sleek affair , weigh in with their predictions . A strut down memory lane As the fashion world looks to spring , designers will be looking back -- particularly to the 1970s -- for inspiration , according to WGSN 's head of catwalk , Lizzy Bowring . If the prospect of a "  Saturday Night Fever " renaissance seems less than groovy , Bowring assures the retro influence will be subdued . Caftan comfy , caftan chic "  The idea is to get back into yesteryear but add a contemporary twist with a fresh modern appeal , " Bowring says . Pants will take up a slight flare , and just as Diane Keaton notably catapulted menswear into the spotlight in 1977 's "  Annie Hall , " so will the fashion-forward in spring 2015 . Bowring says one of the big themes will be a "  fuss-free approach of androgyny " : Think sleek , sophisticated jumpsuits and/or tailored jackets paired with relaxed wide-leg trousers . In a similar vein , Jaclyn Jones , WGSN 's senior womenswear editor , forecasts that the basic white dress shirt , a wardrobe staple , will be transformed with more dramatic side vents and cuffs , origami folding , embellishments and the like . Jones also expects a sampling of tent dresses , sometimes referred to as trapeze dresses , to hit the catwalks .  If the garment were laid flat on a surface , its silhouette would gradually flare out from the shoulders and resemble the shape of a tent -- hence the name . Both forecasters anticipate a continuation of longer hemlines with midi skirts  skirts that fall midcalf  , as well as ankle-length wrap versions , with their waistlines falling at the natural waist versus the hip . While hemlines are lower , Bowring says there certainly will be no shortage of shorts , particularly of the Bermuda variety . Straddling that line is one of the most talked-about trends for spring : culottes , a wide-leg , airy , not-quite-shorts , not-quite-pants silhouette . Keeping it cool Spring and pastels go together like April showers and May flowers . For 2015 , those pastel tones will be washed out and desaturated . In keeping with that , there will also be a "  core neutral story , " Jones says , with shades of tan , taupe , gray , white and black . Bowring expects collections will also be brimming with different shades of purple , particularly lilac . As for patterns , both predict there will be a bouquet of hand-painted florals , including of the Hawaiian theme . "  It 's not going to scream ` Hawaiian , ' it 's going to be more sophisticated and you 're going to realize it 's a hibiscus flower after , " Jones says .	Fashion forecasters predict spring collections will channel the 1970s Culottes , a wide-leg , cropped and airy style of pants , will be a key piece New York Fashion Week runs from September 4 to 11 Spring/summer 2015 collections will be showcased during the event
CNN  -- A train derailed outside of Naples , Italy , Friday , killing one person and leaving about 40 injured , a railroad service spokesman said . A 71-year-old man died , and one passenger is in critical condition , said Giustiniano Carmine , a spokesman for the Circumvesuviana rail service . Most of the other injuries were minor , he said . Investigators plan to review video images from inside the train as they try to learn what caused the wreck , he said .	A 71-year-old man is killed when a train derails near Naples It critically injured one person It caused less serious injuries to about 40 people
CNN  -- Imagine stepping onto a cold , windy platform at 2 in the morning and waiting just a few seconds for the transit car to show up . Imagine getting in the car and zipping right by stations as you go directly to your destination . Imagine always having a seat on the train . Believe it or not , you 're imagining a concept that 's more than 50 years old , but still very rare in the real world . It 's called personal rapid transit . The cars -- designed to seat four to six people -- would move along a guideway , with their positions aided by embedded magnets or lasers . Other PRT systems have wheels running along sidewalls that help steer each pod car . See images of PRTs They would merge into traffic and often closely follow the car in front of them . But there would be no traffic lights -- and no drivers . "  It 's like an automated taxi that runs on its own roadway and does n't have to stop , " said Peter Muller , president of PRT Consulting , a Colorado-based company that works with cities and agencies to study personal rapid transit feasibility . "  It does tend to make sense in more congested areas  like big metropolitan areas  , but we have also developed concepts for car-free cities . " There is no PRT system operating in the United States . There is a new one at Heathrow Airport in London and one in the Masdar City district of Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates . Watch PRT in action in Masdar City There is a people mover at West Virginia University , but the cars on the 8.2 mile-line have room for 20 and during peak periods stop at all five stations . Advocates like Jacob Roberts of Connect Ithaca in New York say that one of the big plusses for PRT would be job creation . While his group entered into the investigation of this form of transit from an environmental standpoint and looking to ease urban sprawl , they soon realized there are just a handful of companies in the business that build the cars and tracks . Three of the major players -- 2getthere , ULTra and Vectus -- are foreign-owned and hope to build plants in the United States . "  You 're really talking about a brand new industry , " he said . Roberts said the region he lives in , upstate New York , really needs an economic boost that manufacturing could help . There are many factories in his area that sit unused , he said . "  There 's been a lot of discussion over the past few years  with regional stakeholders  about turning the corner into the new green economy , and using green technology and retooling , " he said . Several cities in the United States are looking into PRT as a possible way to complement their current transportation system . Connect Ithaca 's study , given to the state of New York in September , proposed a 9-mile track connecting the city core and two universities with 350 cars and 26 stations . The estimated cost was between $ 150 million and $ 168 million , not including design fees . "  When you throw a number like that out there the average person says , ` We ca n't afford that , ' " Roberts said . "  But look at a city like San Francisco that is spending hundreds of millions a mile on  its train system  . So this is fraction of the cost of light - or heavy-rail and it provides a solution that those kinds of systems do n't deliver . " Unlike most transit systems , operating costs can be recouped at the fare box , Muller added . Vukan R. Vuchic , a professor at the University of Pennsylvania , disputed that , saying not enough people use transit because it is still cheaper for most to drive a car . And autos have a role in getting people around . "  Modern transportation is designed as intermodal , " said Vuchic , who has written a trilogy of books on public transportation . "  It combines use of private car and bus and light-rail and rapid transit and does not forget pedestrians . " There is no single answer to the issues of our daily travels , he said . "  People like to think there will be some vehicle that will come and that will solve everything , " he said . "  It 's a naive concept . " Vuchic said there wo n't be enough people to use PRT in the suburbs to make it profitable and in the packed downtown areas , there will be a need for bigger vehicles that could seat "  30 , 40 or even 80 people " whereas PRT would be difficult to use . Those systems already exist and are in use , he said . San Jose , California , is another U.S. city seriously studying PRT as part of its transportation future . Originally the city was considering an automated people mover to run on a track between the airport and a proposed train station . But that was $ 600 million . Then a company approached city officials saying they wanted to use San Jose as a test market for group rapid transit . But that company backed out of its offer to build it for free , so San Jose went looking at other modes of transit and discovered PRT . "  We came to the conclusion that this could be very promising , but it is very new technology , " said Laura Stuchinsky , sustainability officer for the San Jose Department of Transportation . "  We need an evaluation that is really robust , that evaluates the readiness of the technology and the ability of the companies to deliver and really do what we need to have done . " Studies done in other cities have assumed the technology works , and the primary discussion points have been cost and where to locate , she said . San Jose is taking a close look at whether it is worth the risk for a short first track that can be expanded later . "  We think in the end we 'll end up with some good information and help the industry move forward in the United States , " she said . She pointed out that when a city orders a bus or puts in light-rail , it can look at data from other systems to know what it is getting . With PRT , there 's nothing but dreams and a few test tracks . Still , like advocates Roberts and Muller , Stuchinsky can foresee a role for the pod car . "  I think what PRT can be is the glue that makes existing transit systems work more effectively , " she said . She cited an example where a bus line was cut because it did n't make sense with only a handful of passengers on each bus . "  Here 's where PRT could fit in , " she said . Vuchic , on the other hand , said the problem with the nation 's transportation woes is not need for new technology , rather the need for better planning and policy . Policymakers need to consider PRT , said Roberts . It 's a question of which U.S. city is going to be first . "  Who is going to have the political will to say I want this done on my watch , " he said . "  There are n't a lot of communities racing to be the one to take the biggest risk . So there are a lot of cities that are willing to be No. 2 . "  No. 1 ? It 's a tough sell . "	Personal rapid transit cars seat four to six people and go directly to their destinations Advocates say they could ease congestion , tame urban sprawl , get people out of their cars Critic says PRT is a naive concept , other modes of transportation are better San Jose is one of the U.S. cities seriously considering PRT
A teenage boy wielding two kitchen knives went on a stabbing rampage at his high school in Murrysville , Pennsylvania , early Wednesday , before being tackled by an assistant principal , authorities said . Twenty students and a security officer at Franklin Regional Senior High School were either stabbed or slashed in the attack , Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck told reporters . The accused attacker was been identified as 16-year-old Alex Hribal , according to a criminal complaint made public . Hribal , who was arraigned as an adult , faces four counts of attempted homicide , 21 counts of aggravated assault and one count of possession of a weapon on school grounds , the documents show . "  I 'm not sure he knows what he did , quite frankly , " Hribal 's attorney , Patrick Thomassey , said , adding he would file a motion to move the case to juvenile court . " ... We have to make sure that he understands the nature of the charges and what 's going on here . It 's important that he be examined by a psychiatrist and determined where he is mentally . " A doctor who treated six of the victims , primarily teens , said at first they did not know they had been stabbed . "  They just felt pain and noticed they were bleeding , " Dr. Timothy VanFleet , chief of emergency medicine at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center , told CNN . "  Almost all of them said they did n't see anyone coming at them . It apparently was a crowded hallway and they were going about their business , and then just felt pain and started bleeding . " Arguing against bail for Hribal , the district attorney told the court that four of the victims were in critical condition , including one who was "  eviscerated . " There 's a question whether the victim will survive , Peck said . Hribal is being held without bail at the Westmoreland County juvenile detention center . Authorities have not detailed a possible motive in the attack , but the district attorney said in court the teen made "  statements when subdued by officials that he wanted to die . " ` Do n't know what I got going down ' The carnage began shortly before the start of classes , when an attacker began stabbing students in a crowded hallway and then went from classroom to classroom . Student Matt DeCesare was outside the school when he heard a fire alarm ring and then saw two students come out of the school covered in blood . Then he saw teachers running into the building and pulling "  a couple of more students out , " he told CNN . The students had been stabbed . To stanch the bleeding , the teachers asked the students for their hoodies . "  We all took our hoodies off and handed them to the teachers to use as tourniquets to stop the bleeding , " he said . Recordings of emergency calls released in the wake of the attack provide a soundtrack of sorts to the terror and chaos that played out inside the school . "  I do n't know what I got going down at school here but I need some units here ASAP , " one officer can be heard saying . Minutes later in another call , another official , breathlessly , can be heard detailing casualties : "  About 14 patients right now . " Then another call for help . "  Be advised inside the school we have multiple stab victims , " one of the officers said . "  So bring in EMS from wherever you can get them . ` Saw the kid who was stabbing people ' Student Mia Meixner was standing at her locker . "  I heard a big commotion like behind my back , " she told CNN . "  And I turned around and I saw two kids on the ground . " She thought a fight had broken out , but then she saw blood . "  I saw the kid who was stabbing people get up and run away , " she said . Then she saw a girl she knew standing by the cafeteria . "  She was gushing blood down her arm . " Meixner dropped her books and went to help the girl . Bystanders step up in time of crisis "  I started hearing a stampede of students coming down from the other end of the hall , saying ` Get out , we need to leave , go , there 's a kid with a knife . ' Then a teacher came over to me and the girl I was trying to help . And she said she would handle the girl and that I should run out . So then I just ran out of the school and tried to get out as soon as possible . " Meixner never heard the attacker utter a word . "  He was very quiet . He just was kind of doing it , " she said . "  And he had this , like , look on his face that he was just crazy and he was just running around just stabbing whoever was in his way . " She said she did n't know the boy , but he had been in a lot of her classes . "  He kept to himself a lot , " she said . "  He did n't have that many friends that I know of , but I also do n't know of him getting bullied that much . I actually never heard of him getting bullied . He just was kind of shy and did n't talk to many people . " Hribal 's attorney described him as a "  nice young man , " who has never been in trouble . "  He 's not a loner . He works well with other kids , " he said . " ... He 's scared . He 's a young kid . He 's 16 , looks like he 's 12 . I mean , he 's a very young kid and he 's never been in trouble so this is all new to him . " At least a dozen FBI agents could be seen going in and out of Hribal 's family home in the hours after the attack . Shortly before the agents arrived at the house , a man believed to be Hribal 's father drove up . "  My prayers go out to everyone who was injured today , and I hope they recover as soon as possible , " he told reporters . Hribal 's attorney said the family was upset by the allegations . "  They did not foresee this at all , " he said . Stabbing shatters peace in quiet , upscale community Tackled by an assistant principal Assistant Principal Sam King is being credited with bringing to an end the 5-minute rampage that authorities say began about 7:15 a.m. ET . King tackled the teen , Peck told reporters . A school resource officer was able to handcuff the suspect , Police Chief Thomas Seefeld said . Assistant principal called ` great man ' The accused teen was being treated for injuries to his hands , the chief said . Police Officer William "  Buzz " Yakshe , who also serves as a resource officer at the school , helped subdue the suspect , said Dan Stevens , the county deputy emergency management coordinator . Yakshe is "  doing fine , " Stevens said . "  He 's more upset than anything else over what happened , because these are his kids . " A fire alarm that was pulled during the attack probably helped get more people out of the school during an evacuation order , Seefeld said . Students were running everywhere and there was "  chaos and panic . " At one point , a female student applied pressure to the wounds of one of the male victims , possibly helping to save his life , said Dr. Mark Rubino , chief medical officer at Forbes Regional Hospital in nearby Monroeville , Pennsylvania , where seven teens were taken for treatment . The students who were hurt range in age from 14 to 17 , Stevens said . The injuries were stabbing-related , such as lacerations or punctures , he said . ` It does n't happen here ' The attack in Murrysville is the latest in a string of school violence that has occurred across the nation . But mass stabbings , such as the one at the high school , are rare . The attack has rattled the town , a residential enclave with a population of about 20,000 . A message on the Franklin Regional School District 's website said all of its elementary schools were closed after the incident , and "  the middle school and high school students are secure . " Franklin Regional Senior High will be closed "  over the next several days , " district school Superintendent Gennaro Piraino said . The district 's middle school and elementary schools will be open Thursday , and counseling will be available for the whole district , he said . Information on what led to the stabbings and the conditions of the injured are still unfolding . Bill Rehkopf , a KDKA radio host and Franklin Regional High School graduate , called the stabbing shocking . He said he kept thinking , "  It does n't happen here , it ca n't happen here . "	The DA says 4 people are in critical condition , including one who was "  eviscerated " Alex Hribal , 16 , faces 4 counts of attempted homicide , 21 counts of aggravated assault Teachers use students ' hoodies as tourniquets on injured teens , student says An assistant principal tackled the accused attacker , authorities say
Arlington , Virginia  CNN  -- Alan Tolbert is not your average 13-year-old . While other kids his age spent their Saturday shopping at the mall or tossing around a football , Tolbert traveled from Shippensburg , Pennsylvania , to Arlington National Cemetery outside Washington dressed in a navy blue Civil War reenactment uniform and armed with a brass bugle . Surrounding him at the historical site were nearly 200 other buglers and trumpeters from all over the United States , some even coming from as far away as California . A head shorter than his comrades , Tolbert 's costume was a tad too big -- so big , in fact , that his mother had to roll up the bottom of his pants three times to make them fit . He did n't seem to notice , though . All he cared about was playing the 24 notes that make up taps . It is perhaps the most famous of military signals , and on Saturday it turned 150 years old . Taps , traditionally played at military funerals and also known as "  Butterfield 's Lullaby " or "  Day is Done , " were born during the Civil War along the James River . Gen. Daniel Butterfield , unhappy with the lights-out call , decided to change the nightly tune to a softer melody , ending up with the tune played today . Currently , taps are played at the cemetery about 30 times daily , most notably at the Tomb of the Unknowns . To commemorate the 150th anniversary , Buglers Across America , a nonprofit organization that seeks to play live renditions for veteran funerals rather than subject the mourners to a CD version , enlisted nearly 200 volunteer buglers and trumpeters . The musicians joined together and played a united taps performance before they set off in search of a single soldier 's tombstone in the 624-acre burial ground . Some chose a spot simply for its convenient location . Others , like Tolbert , chose them for their significance . One of the youngest volunteers , he selected the grave of Johnny Clem , a 10-year-old Civil War drummer who became a sergeant by the time he turned 12 . Tolbert usually plays taps by himself but said it was a great opportunity to play with some of the best buglers in the country on the hallowed ground of the cemetery . He admitted he did n't think a military career was in his future , though . "  I do n't think I want to be in the military one day , so the best I can do to serve our country is to honor those who are , " Tolbert said . For those who did serve in the military , playing taps in Arlington National Cemetery is one of the greatest honors for a bugler . Well-known bugle historian and 23-year veteran Jari Villanueva explained that for him , it 's his way of paying back those who fought for America . "  Whether it would be after a career , 20 , 30 years , or even those who have died on active duty , it 's our way of officially saying to the military , ` Thank you . Safely rest . God is nigh , ' " he explained , quoting the final lyrics associated with the melody . Allison Cummings , a patrol officer from Hudson , New Hampshire , usually plays taps at law enforcement funerals and ceremonies in her home state , but said playing in Arlington was a unique experience . "  I started playing the trumpet when I was in fifth grade so I 've been playing for quite a while ... Even from that age , I remember visiting here when I just started playing , " said Cummings , dressed in a black uniform trimmed in gold with her trumpet hanging by her side . "  This is like Carnegie Hall for me . This is just an incredible experience . " " -LSB- Bugling is -RSB- just that final honor to someone who 's served their country , and it 's just such an honor to play that for them , " Cummings said as she stood opposite the grave she was about to serenade , fingering a commemorative gold coin she would lay to rest on the white marble headstone after her performance . "  It 's for the family as well , but I think of it as playing to that person , just a final thank you for what they did . "	The well-known bugle call 's 150th anniversary was Saturday Buglers Across America enlisted nearly 200 volunteer buglers and trumpeters to play Taps were created because of a Union general 's displeasure at the lights-out call at the time "  This is like Carnegie Hall for me , " says New Hampshire trumpeter Allison Cummings
CNN  You would be pressed to find a designer who appealed to the imagination as much as Alexander McQueen . A favorite with A-listers and fashion editors alike , he was renowned for his Gothic sensibilities , innovative textiles  think shells , horns and hair  and highly conceptual runway shows , as well as his bad boy antics behind the scenes .  Along with the usual drinks , drugs and parties , he once claimed to have stitched profanities into the lining of a jacket for Prince Charles . Five years after his death , interest in the designer has n't waned , least of all in his home town of London , where , starting this month , he 's being commemorated with an extensive , expensive retrospective at the Victoria and Albert Museum . Alexander McQueen : Savage Beauty , a re-staging of the 2011 exhibition at New York 's Metropolitan Museum of Art , summarizes and contextualizes McQueen 's 18-year career through an elaborate display of 244 garments and accessories . "  Savage Beauty at the V&A is the largest and most ambitious fashion exhibition the museum has ever staged , " said curator Claire Wilcox at a press preview . The V&A has already sold 70,000 advanced tickets , and extended the exhibition by two weeks to meet demand . At the Met , Savage Beauty attracted over 660,000 visitors by the end of its four-month run , making it one of the museum 's top 10 exhibitions of all time , up there with a King Tut stop in 1978 and a Mona Lisa loan in 1963 . Bringing Savage Beauty to London can be seen as a "  homecoming , " as it was described by V&A director Martin Roth at the press preview , if not an act of repatriation . The son of cab driver and a school teacher , Alexander "  Lee " McQueen grew up in London 's East End . After dropping out of school at 16 , he honed his tailoring skills on Savile Row , graduated with an MA in fashion design from the city 's prestigious Central Saint Martins college , and used the V&A 's archives to research his collections . He once said of London : "  It 's where my heart is , and where I get my inspiration . " That love was largely reciprocated . In 2011 , thousands of British devotees petitioned to have Savage Beauty brought to London after its spectacular New York debut . Fashion journalist Melanie Rickey was one of the most vocal proponents . A longtime fan , she has coauthored the upcoming release Inferno : Alexander McQueen  Laurence King  , a coffee table book of interviews and images from photographer Kent Baker , which documents March 1996 collection Dante . "  I was agitated because  Savage Beauty  really is meant to be in his hometown , " Rickey says . "  Everything about him is London , so to not have it in London would have been a crime . " Along with hounding the brand 's corporate honchos and the V&A itself , Rickey started an online petition to have the exhibition brought to the city , and instigated the Twitter hashtag #BringMcQueenExhibitionHome . "  It 's like the  Elgin  Marbles : They 're probably a lot more powerful in Greece than they are sitting in the British Museum . " Ultimately , such advocacy may have been unnecessary . According to Kate Bethune , senior exhibition research assistant for Savage Beauty , it had been Roth 's ambition to bring the exhibition to London since he assumed the directorship in September 2011 . The V&A exhibition , which was announced last April , even begins with a newly added London gallery dedicated to McQueen 's roots in the city and his early shows . Curators called on Sam Gainsbury , who produced all of McQueen 's shows from 1996 on , to act as the exhibition 's creative director and bring McQueen 's pieces to life . "  A lot of  McQueen 's  colleagues say he started his collections with the concept of a show , " Bethune says . "  He always wanted people to have a strong reaction to what he was going . " The most theatrical highlights include the Romantic Primitivism gallery , covered with fake bones like an ossuary , and a blacked-out room where a Kate Moss hologram floats in a diaphanous dress , trapped in a glass pyramid . The room-sized Cabinet of Curiosities has 27 screens showing moments of his most imaginative runway shows : women walk on water , a model 's gown is spray-painted by robotic arms , a church is converted into a catwalk . But Bethune believes the real draw will be the groundbreaking pieces made from unconventional materials , which blur the line between fashion and art . Fairytale gowns feature throughout and there 's a whole section dedicated to McQueen 's tailoring skills , but it 's the garments made from razor clam shells , pheasant feathers , and synthetic hair ; or embellished with impala horns and baby crocodile heads that really standout . The accessories -- extravagant headpieces , Swarovski mesh chain mail , impossible shoes -- seem like sculptures . "  McQueen was an artist whose medium of expression was fashion , " she says . "  He absolutely changed the way we look at fashion . " Alexander McQueen : Savage Beauty runs from March 14 - August 2 , 2015 at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London . For more information , visit www.vam.ac.uk/savagebeauty	Alexander McQueen : Savage Beauty has arrived at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London The exhibition showcases the late designers most memorable pieces V&A director Mark Roth sees it as a "  homecoming " for London-born McQueen
CNN  -- Amanda Wagner and Jessica Tuttle turn 50 this year , but they 're not letting age hold them back from their favorite exercise : running . They 've been lacing up their running shoes since their teens and show few signs of slowing down . Research on older runners suggests they may not have to . Jessica Tuttle , 50 , left , and Amanda Wagner , 49 , have been running for more than 30 years . "  It 's a little bit harder , but that 's part of the challenge I think , " says Wagner . When she is n't traveling for her job at a pharmaceutical company , Wagner tries to get together with Tuttle for 45-minute pre-work runs three to five days a week . Tuttle , who is a medical epidemiologist at the Georgia Health Department , feels that running gets her day off to a good start . "  It really wakes me up in the morning , " says Tuttle . "  It gives me an edge when I go in to work . " Conventional wisdom holds that the pounding from years of running leads to excessive wear and tear on the body as we age , resulting in joint injuries , knee replacements or arthritis . So-called weekend warriors -- people who are n't in the type of shape needed to safely run sprints , dive for passes or make cuts on the basketball court -- add to this misconception when they hobble into their doctors ' office after an injury . But a study out of Stanford University that looked at healthy aging runners found that running did not damage joints or leave runners less able to exercise . Researchers discovered that if you 're healthy and generally free of injury , there are few reasons to put away your running shoes , even into your 70s and 80s . Watch more on running as you age " "  Moderate -LSB- running -RSB- , three to five miles at a time , three times a week will actually help your joints to be more resilient and function a little bit better , " says Dr. Amadeus Mason at Emory Sports Medicine Center in Atlanta , Georgia . But he stresses that keeping the joints healthy in the first place may be the key to running longevity . That includes not running through pain , and resting if you have an injury , something Tuttle takes seriously . "  I try to rest maybe if I 'm having some specific pain that seems to be over a couple of days , " she says . Mason also warns against running if you suffer from a chronic knee injury . In this case , the continuous pounding could accelerate damage and lead to arthritis . Instead , choose joint-friendly exercises such as swimming , walking or a workout machine such as the elliptical . Even if you have remained healthy , as Wagner and Tuttle have , do n't get overzealous and overdo it . "  The biggest risk that runners will face as they age , with regard to injury , is overtraining , by far , " says Mason , who recommends giving yourself a day of rest between runs , or cross-training on the non-running days . In addition , Mason advises wearing the proper footwear and making sure to stretch before and after a run . Beyond the good news about aging joints , the Stanford researchers also discovered some surprising overall health benefits for senior runners when they compared them with non-runners of the same age : Those in the running group were less likely to die from heart trouble , stroke , cancer , neurological diseases or infection . Watch Dr. Gupta explain the study findings " "  The survival rate of the runners was again twice that of the controls , " study author Dr. Eliza Chakravarty says . She says the findings were a surprise to the researchers . Additionally , runners enjoyed a better day-to-day quality of life in old age than their more sedentary peers . "  Members of the running group , it took them 16 years longer to reach certain levels of disability , " says Chakravarty . "  Running is not the only thing that 's going to make you live longer and be healthier ; it 's actually probably engaging in any kind of exercise that people enjoy , " notes Chakravarty . "  It 's never too late to start incorporating regular exercise into your routine ... health benefits can last for decades . " But running is still the exercise of choice for Wagner and Tuttle , who have remained relatively injury-free throughout their 30-year running careers . The women do n't plan to hang up their running shoes any time soon . "  I really ca n't imagine not running ; it 's that much a part of my life , " says Wagner . "  And I do expect and hope to be running when I 'm 60 and when I 'm 70 -- I truly do . "	Stanford University study finds that running did not damage joints in aging runners Runners still need to take precautions : Do n't run with injuries , wear proper shoes Aging runners less likely to die from certain ailments , study says
CNN  -- File this under the "  would n't it be cool if ... ? " category . IBM is developing a computer system that could theoretically customize healthy recipes based on your personal taste buds . An outline of the project was presented as part of the company 's annual 5 in 5 list -- five inventions that could change the world in five years . "  At the end of the day , taste is about chemistry , " Bernie Meyerson , vice president of innovation at IBM , told Fast Company . So how would it work ? IBM 's Watson takes on lawmakers in game effort "  The system analyzes foods in terms of how chemical compounds interact with each other , the number of atoms in each compound , and the bonding structure and shapes of compounds , " wrote IBM research scientist Lav Varshney . "  Coupled with psychophysical data and models on which chemicals produce perceptions of pleasantness , familiarity and enjoyment , the end result is a unique recipe , using combinations of ingredients that are scientifically flavorful . " Let 's rephrase . Our brains determine a food 's flavor by how chemicals in the food react with our nose sensors and taste buds . IBM 's system would break down the chemical components of each meal , then collect taste data based on your feedback . It would then use that information to create recipes that would appeal to you on a molecular level . Basically , "  in five years , a computer system will know what I want to eat better than I do , " Varshney said . Watson 's win does n't make humanity obsolete -- yet Varshney and his team hope that by optimizing flavor , they will be able to reduce health issues related to nutrition . A person could program the computer to personalized taste  hold the mushrooms !  and medical necessities  low sodium , please  . "  The best recipes will start with the right molecules , " Varshney said . IBM will go all Watson on your commute	IBM is developing computer system to analyze food based on molecules The system could potentially create personalized , healthy recipes "  At the end of the day , taste is about chemistry , " an IBM innovation expert says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Doctors have given a woman a new windpipe with tissue engineered from her own stem cells in what experts have hailed as a "  milestone in medicine . " Claudia Castillo , 30 , suffered from tuberculosis for years . The breakthrough allowed Claudia Castillo , 30 , to receive a new section of trachea -- an airway essential for breathing -- without the risk that her body would reject the transplant . Castillo was given the stem cell surgery , the controversial branch of medicine that some say could lead to human cloning , after suffering a severe lung collapse . The condition , caused by long-term tuberculosis left Castillo , a Colombian now living in Barcelona , unable to carry out simple domestic duties or care for her two children . The only conventional option was a major operation to remove her left lung , a risky procedure with a high mortality rate . Sound off : What do you think about this medical breakthrough ? A team from the universities of Barcelona , Spain ; Bristol , England ; and Padua and Milan , Italy , decided instead to replace Castillo 's lower trachea and bronchial tube to her left lung with a lab-grown airway . The operation , reported Wednesday in the British medical journal The Lancet , has been hailed as a major leap for medicine that could offer new hope for patients suffering from serious illness . "  Surgeons can now start to see and understand the very real potential for adult stem cells and tissue engineering to radically improve their ability to treat patients with serious diseases , " said Martin Birchall , professor of surgery at the University of Bristol , who was part of the team that did the operation . "  We believe this success has proved that we are on the verge of a new age in surgical care . " To create the new windpipe , the team took a seven-centimeter  2.75-inch  segment of trachea from a 51-year-old who had died . Over a six-week period , the team then removed all the cells from the donor trachea , because those cells could lead to rejection of the organ after transplant . All that remained of the donor 's stripped-down trachea was a matrix of collagen , a sort of scaffolding onto which the team then put Castillo 's own stem cells -- along with cells taken from a healthy part of her trachea . Birchall had already taken Castillo 's stem cells from her bone marrow and grown them into a large population in his Bristol lab . Watch Dr. Gupta explain the procedure " Four days after putting Castillo 's stem cells into the donor trachea , the team was able to perform the transplant operation at the Hospital Clinic in Barcelona . Castillo had no complications from the operation and was discharged from the hospital 10 days later . "  We are terribly excited by these results , " said Paolo Macchiarini of the University of Barcelona , who performed the operation in June . Watch Macchiarini describe the operation " Macchiarini said just four days after the operation , the transplanted windpipe was "  almost indistinguishable " from the patient 's normal bronchi . After one month , he said , the blood vessels had successfully grown back . "  We think that this first experience represents a milestone in medicine and hope that it will unlock the door for a safe and recipient-tailored transplantation of the airway in adults and children , " the authors said in their report . "  We hope that these future patients will no longer suffer the trauma of speech loss , severe shortness of breath and other limited clinical and social activities . " The doctors said Castillo is now able to care for her children and enjoy a normal quality of life . She can walk up two flights of stairs and occasionally even go out dancing at night . In a comment accompanying the Lancet report , Toshihiko Sato and Tatsuo Nakamura of Kyoto University in Japan said the operation should be highly regarded , but follow-ups from longer evaluation periods are needed to better evaluate the results .	Only a few windpipe , or trachea , transplants have ever been done . Transplant given to Claudia Castillo , a 30-year-old Colombian mother of two Woman 's stem cells used to create cartilage , tissue cells to cover new windpipe Doctors say procedure could become a new standard of treatment
CNN  -- On Friday , Malala Yousafzai became the youngest recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize . But just a day earlier , she passed the two-year anniversary of the gruesome event that flung her and her cause onto the world stage -- the attempt on her life . Malala was riding home from school on Tuesday , October 9 , 2012 . Gunmen halted the van ferrying her through her native Swat Valley , one of the most conservative regions in Pakistan . They demanded that other girls in the vehicle identify her . Malala had faced frequent death threats in the past . She was pointed out . At least one gunman opened fire , wounding three girls . Two suffered nonlethal injuries , but bullets struck Malala in the head and neck . The bus driver hit the gas . The assailants got away . Malala was left in critical condition . An uncle described her as having excruciating pain and being unable to stop moving her arms and legs . Doctors fought to save her life , then her condition took a dip . They operated to remove a bullet from her neck , and extracted a piece of skull to relieve pressure on Malala 's brain because of swelling . After surgery , she was unresponsive for three days . Recovery in the UK Malala was taken by helicopter from one military hospital in Pakistan to another , where doctors placed her in a medically induced coma so an air ambulance could fly her to Britain for treatment . Little more than a week after being shot a world away , Malala got back on her feet again , able to stand when leaning on a nurse 's arm at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham , England . It was nothing short of a miracle that the teen blogger , who fought for the right of girls to get an education , was still alive and even more astounding that she suffered no major brain or nerve damage . Less than three months after being gunned down , she was discharged from the hospital to continue her rehabilitation at her family 's new home . A groundbreaking surgery later repaired the damage to her skull . Malala a global movement Beyond her hospital room , a world sympathetic to her ordeal has transformed her into a global symbol for the fight to allow girls everywhere access to an education . The bloodletting sparked outrage inside Pakistan against the radical Islamist group , which continues to wield influence in parts of the country . Around the world , the young blogger became a poster child for a widespread need to permit girls to get an education . In Pakistan , the airwaves filled with leaders and commentators who publicly got behind her , and journalists closely followed her story , drawing death threats from the Taliban for their coverage . Her story spread around the world , and world leaders took up her cause , particularly former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown . The United Nations launched a campaign for girls ' education named "  I am Malala , " which Brown guided as special envoy on global education . And it declared November 10 Malala Day -- a day of action to focus on "  Malala and the 32 million girls like Malala not at school . " Malala 's activism goes on Malala founded the Malala Fund , which invests in local educational initiatives for girls in Pakistan , Nigeria and Kenya , and in Jordan , where it focuses on Syrian refugees . And she continued to advocate around the world for a girl 's right to an education , speaking before the U.N. . Last year , she was a contender for the Nobel Peace Prize , but did not win . She was modest about her prospects then , saying a win would be premature . "  I think that it 's really an early age , " Malala said . She wanted to do more to earn it first . "  I would feel proud , when I would work for education , when I would have done something , when I would be feeling confident to tell people , ` Yes ! I have built that school ; I have done that teachers ' training , I have sent that  many  children to school , ' " she said . "  Then if I get the Nobel Peace Prize , I will be saying , Yeah , I deserve it , somehow . " Last year , she also was awarded the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought from the European Parliament , and she published her autobiography , "  I Am Malala " on her struggle to get an education . World support for her cause has not deterred the Taliban from pursuing her death . After her book 's publication , they renewed their threat . They also vowed to attack any bookstore that sold it . Extremists out to get her Malala 's struggle for education for girls and against the Pakistani Taliban predates the attempt on her life . Since she was 11 , with the help of her father , a schoolteacher , she had encouraged girls and their families to resist extremists who pushed girls from classrooms . In January 2009 , the militants issued an edict ordering that no school should educate girls . Malala wrote in her online diary , published by the BBC , about intimidation tactics the Taliban used in the Swat Valley in northwest Pakistan to coerce girls into not going school . They included house raids to search for books , and Malala had to hide hers under her bed . The extremists took issue with her blogging and issued the first threats to kill her . "  I was scared of being beheaded by the Taliban because of my passion for education , " she told CNN three years ago . Despite her fears , she stayed in the public eye , giving media interviews about her struggle for education in the face of oppression . Friday 's peace prize may be the most prestigious Malala has received , but it is not her first . At home , her writings garnered her Pakistan 's first-ever National Peace Prize in late 2011 . Opinion : Malala is the new symbol of hope	Malala Yousafzai becomes the youngest recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize Taliban gunmen stopped a van carrying Malala and shot her two years ago The extremists wanted to kill her for promoting education for girls There was a global outpouring that propelled her and her cause onto the global stage
An American Airlines pilot booted Alec Baldwin off a flight Tuesday because the actor refused to turn off his cell phone after the plane 's doors were closed for departure , the airline said Wednesday . "  The passenger was extremely rude to the crew , calling them inappropriate names and using offensive language , " the company said in a statement posted on its Facebook page . Baldwin , in a column published by The Huffington Post Wednesday , apologized to fellow passengers who were delayed by the incident . But he blamed a flight attendant who "  singled me out to put my phone away " while other passengers continued to use theirs . "  I guess the fact that this woman , who had decided to make some example of me , while everyone else was left undisturbed , did get the better of me , " Baldwin wrote . After Baldwin refused to turn off his cell phone , with the seat belt light on for departure , he walked into the toilet with his phone , the airline said . "  He slammed the lavatory door so hard , the cockpit crew heard it and became alarmed , even with the cockpit door closed and locked , " the airline said . "  They immediately contacted the cabin crew to check on the situation . " "  Given the facts above , the passenger was removed from the flight and denied boarding , " the company said . The "  confusion " started after the plane remained at the gate for 15 minutes after the door closed , Baldwin wrote . "  I then did what I have nearly always done and that was to pull out my phone to complete any other messaging I had to do before take off , " he said . "  In nearly all other instances , the flight attendants seemed to be unbothered ... and said nothing about such activity , by me or anyone else , until we actually were pulling away from the gate . " Although other passengers were still using their phones , a female flight attendant "  singled me out to put my phone away , " he said . He pulled his phone out again after the plane remained at the gate , he said . "  Again , I was singled out by this woman in the most unpleasant of tones . " Boxer Oscar De LaHoya , who was also on the plane , posted a Twitter message of support for the actor , saying , "  I think the flight attendant over reacted . ' Word of Baldwin 's clash with the crew spread worldwide within minutes of his being escorted from the New York-bound flight at a Los Angeles International Airport gate , because of Twitter postings by Baldwin and a passenger . "  On an AA flight at LAX . Alec Baldwin removed from the plane We had to go back to the gate . Terrible that everyone had to wait , " tweeted Michael J. Wolf , a consulting firm executive who was a passenger on the flight . A short time later , Baldwin tweeted to his nearly 600,000 followers : "  Flight attendant on American reamed me out 4 playing WORDS W FRIENDS while we sat at the gate , not moving . " When CNN anchor Brooke Baldwin -- no relation -- tagged Alec Baldwin in a tweet asking about "  Words with Friends , " the actor replied , "  It 's ... well ... addicting . " "  Words With Friends " is a digital word-building game popular on several platforms . Another Baldwin tweet took aim at the crew , saying he would never again fly on American Airlines , "  where retired Catholic school gym teachers from the 1950 's find jobs as flight attendants . " The star of NBC 's "  30 Rock " noted in his tweets that "  oddly , 30 Rock plays inflight on American . " A posting on the airline 's Twitter account showed the company was trying to reach Baldwin . "  Mr. Baldwin , we are looking into this . Please DM us contact information , " the company tweeted . In his column , he said he had happily flown American Airlines for 20 years and until now was "  brand loyal , in the extreme . " Most of the flight attendants "  still have some remnant of the old idea of service , " he said . "  But there are many now who walk the aisles of an airplane with a whistle around their neck and a clipboard in their hands and they have made flying a Greyhound bus experience . " "  The lesson I 've learned is to keep my phone off when the 1950 's gym teacher is on duty , " he wrote . Despite the apparent distress , Baldwin 's journey resumed . "  Now on the 3 o'clock American flight . The flight attendants already look ... smarter , " he tweeted . Baldwin arrived at New York 's JFK Airport on an American Airlines flight Tuesday evening .	Flight attendant "  singled me out " as others kept using their phones , Baldwin says "  I 've learned is to keep my phone off when the 1950 's gym teacher is on duty , " he says American Airlines boots Baldwin from flight after he slammed toilet door , airline says Airline calls Baldwin "  extremely rude to the crew "
CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration found no evidence of unidentified aircraft or objects in its inquiry into a corporate jet pilot 's claim he saw a possible remote-controlled aircraft flying near his jet over Denver this week , the agency said Thursday . In reaching its conclusion , the FAA reviewed radar and audio communications , and no other pilots reported seeing an unidentified aircraft , acording to an agency statement . On Monday , the pilot of a corporate jet , a Cessna Citation 525 CJ1 , was flying over Denver on Monday after coming in from Wichita , Kansas , according to CNN affiliate KUSA . The pilot made a radio transmission to air traffic control about the object , KUSA reported , citing LiveATC.net . "  A remote-controlled aircraft , or what , but something just went by the other way . ... About 20 to 30 seconds ago , and it was like a large remote-controlled aircraft , " the pilot said .	The agency finds nothing to back up reported sighting over Denver A corporate jet pilot had radioed he saw a possible remote-controlled aircraft flying near him The FAA reviewed radar and audio communications No other pilots reported seeing an unidentified aircraft , FAA says
CNN  -- A few weeks ago , my 11-year-old daughter was cut from her travel soccer team . Two years ago this month , my son was n't accepted into the sixth-grade honors math . Was I disappointed ? Absolutely . Bitter ? Definitely . But after initially reeling from both of these losses , I learned to embrace the failure . Parents are hardwired to want their kids to succeed . It 's probably biologically rooted in our ultimate survival . In an earlier evolutionary period , failure was fatal . Today , failure is not making a competitive sports team , a select program or the college of your choice . We are the generation of drone parents hovering above and swaddling our kids in bubble wrap so they do n't get hurt when they fall . In fact , we do everything possible to not let them fall . In an uber-competitive age where we exhaust ourselves in the pursuit of perfection for our children , even from the womb , parents have bought into the myth of how to turn out successful people . We are living in a world of tutors , private lessons and specialized coaching , thoroughly believing that with all the right scaffolding , we can guarantee our kids WILL soar . Ironically , at a time when our parenting culture is all about ensuring success , the innovative business culture of Silicon Valley celebrates failure . New York Magazine recently had a cover story called "  The Failure Fetish of Silicon Valley . " There are books , blogs and even conferences devoted to embracing the flop . There 's no stigma or shame . In fact , a failed venture is a notch in the belt , an honor of distinction , a bragging right . The founder of a start-up that goes belly up may even be courted to take the helm of another company . They turn failure into a rite of passage among the best and the brightest . Reinvent and move on -- that 's the ethos of enterprising entrepreneurs today and perhaps that is a great lesson for parents , too . As the economy has shifted from an industrial to information one , experimentation is key . The ability to pivot , shift and keep trying is critical . Failure is an inevitable part of that process . "  Agility is the new smart , " says Annmarie Neal , founder of the Center for Leadership Innovation . Neal is a trained psychologist , former chief talent officer at Cisco and author of "  Leading from the Edge : Global Executives Share Strategies for Success . " She is also a mother of an 11-year-old son . Neal says that in today 's economy , the secret sauce for kids ' future success is to raise children in an environment where they are encouraged to test boundaries , engage with the world , and yes , even fail . "  If you have n't failed , then you have n't significantly learned anything to be able to move to the next stage , " Neal said . "  When kids do n't learn how to fail , it creates a neurotic energy around perfectionism . They get stuck in a loop around perfect and they lose that opportunity to learn from the experience . " Failing spectacularly is probably not what we are hoping for when it comes to our vision for our children . Personally , it 's painful to flop and watching our own kids struggle can be heartbreaking . Two years ago , when I got the letter that my son did n't make it into the honors math class in sixth grade , not only was he crushed -- I , too , spent the summer miserable that he would not be in the coveted math class . But my son worked hard that year and was promoted to honors math in seventh grade . Recently , my son 's honors math teacher told me that the kids who try the hardest in her class are those who were n't in the sixth-grade class . The kids who got bumped up into honors just continue to work harder . This is when I realized that failing fast could ultimately pay off , not only in an entrepreneurial environment , but for our children , too . We do n't want our kids to be paralyzed by the fear of failure . To succeed in a world where innovation and creativity is the new currency , we want our kids to have the courage to try to push limits and take risks . "  The world is so flat and the competitive landscape has changed , " says David Roth , CEO and founder of the technology company AppFirst . He is also the father of two girls , one of whom just found out that she was cut from her high school travel softball team . "  Kids need to learn lessons on how to work through this stuff and not become stressed out or paralyzed . We do n't want them giving up their dreams . We also need to create some toughness and mental skills around having to navigate disappointment so failure is not crushing . " When Roth hires employees , one of the things he looks for are people who can own their mistakes and not hide them . He 's found that among Millennials he 's hiring now , the ones afraid to fail or admit failure are the ones who do n't survive at his company . "  The more disruptive , innovative and game changing of an environment that you are trying to create , the more you need personalities that can try to work through it and deal with falling down , " Roth says . This is the culture of the changing economy . When our travel soccer league merged two teams into one a few weeks ago , nearly one-third of the girls were cut . At first , none of the parents wanted to tell their daughters the devastating news . We were scrambling to see if we could create a second team by pulling players from other places , all to avoid the disappointing truth that our daughters were no longer on the team . Within a couple of days , I decided to take our girls and join a local recreational soccer team that was competitive and had some great parent coaches . Pick up and move on -- that 's what I advised my fellow parents . I also thought this was a teachable moment for my own daughter . "  Resiliency and flexibility and the ability to adapt to the world is more important than ever , " Neal said . Failure has never felt so good . How have you helped your kids through failure ? Share your experiences in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	Failure is painful for this generation of kids -- and for their parents , Wendy Sachs writes Silicon Valley experiences show that there are positives to learning how to fail Facing failure ? "  Pick up and move on -- that 's what I advised my fellow parents , " Sachs says
CNN  I am a Muslim , but I was n't always . I converted to Islam in November 2001 , two months after 9/11 . I was 21 and living in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . It was a bad time to be a Muslim . But after four years of studying , poking and prodding at world religions and their adherents , I decided to take the plunge . Questions and answers I am the product of a Creole Catholic and an Irish atheist . I grew up Catholic , then was agnostic , now I 'm Muslim . My journey to Islam began when I was about 15 years old in mass , and had questions about my faith . The answers from teachers and clergymen -- do n't worry your pretty little head about it -- did n't satisfy me . So I did what any red-blooded American would do : the opposite . I worried about it . For many years . I questioned the nature of religion , man , and the universe . After questioning everything I was taught to be true and digging through rhetoric , history and dogma , I found out about this strange thing called Islam . I learned that Islam is neither a culture nor a cult , nor could it be represented by one part of the world . I came to realize Islam is a world religion that teaches tolerance , justice and honor , and promotes patience , modesty and balance . As I studied the faith , I was surprised many of the tenants resonated with me . I was pleased to find that Islam teaches its adherents to honor all prophets , from Moses to Jesus to Muhammad , all of whom taught mankind to worship one God and to conduct ourselves with higher purpose . I was drawn to Islam 's appeal to intellect and heartened by the prophet Muhammad 's quote , "  The acquisition of knowledge is compulsory for every Muslim , whether male or female . " I was astounded that science and rationality were embraced by Muslim thinkers like Al-Khawarizmi , who invented algebra ; Ibn Firnas , who developed the mechanics of flight before DaVinci ; and Al-Zahravi , who is the father of modern surgery . Here was a religion telling me to seek out answers and use my intellect to question the world around me . Taking the plunge It was 2001 and I had been putting off converting for a while . I feared what people would think , but was utterly miserable . When 9/11 happened , the actions of the hijackers horrified me . But in its aftermath , I spent most of my time defending Muslims and their religion to people who were all too eager to paint a group of 1.6 billion people with one brush because of the actions of a few . I was done being held hostage by the opinions of others . In defending Islam , I got over my fear and decided to join my brothers and sisters in the faith I believed in . My family did not understand , but it was n't a surprise to them since I had been studying religion . Most were very concerned for my safety . Luckily , most of my friends were cool about it , and even curious to learn more . The scarf These days , I am a proud wearer of hijab . You can call it a scarf . My scarf does not tie my hands behind my back , and it is not a tool of oppression . It does n't prevent thoughts from entering my head and leaving my mouth . But I did n't always know this . Studying Islam did n't immediately dispel all my cultural misconceptions . I had been raised on imagery of women in the East being treated like chattel by men who forced them to cover their bodies out of shame or a sense of ownership . But when I asked a Muslim woman "  Why do you wear that ? " , her answer was obvious , and appealing : "  To please God . To be recognized as a woman who is to be respected and not harassed . So that I can protect myself from the male gaze . " She explained how dressing modestly is a symbol to the world that a woman 's body is not meant for mass consumption or critique . I still was n't convinced and replied , "  Yeah , but women are like second class citizens in your faith ? " The very patient Muslim lady explained that , during a time when the Western world treated women like property , Islam taught that men and women were equal in the eyes of God . Islam made the woman 's consent to marriage mandatory and gave women the opportunity to inherit , own property , run businesses and participate in government . She listed right after right that women in Islam held nearly 1250 years before women 's lib was ever thought of in the West . Surprisingly , Islam turned out to be the religion that appealed to my feminist ideals . Getting married It might shock you to know that I had an arranged marriage . That does n't mean I was forced to marry my father 's first choice suitor , like Jasmine from Aladdin . Dad did n't even have a say . When I converted , it was n't a good time to be a Muslim . Feeling isolated , alienated and rejected by my own society pushed me to want to start a family of my own . Even before converting I had always wanted a serious relationship , but found few men looking for the same . As a new Muslim , I knew there was a better way to look for love and a lifelong partnership . I decided that if I wanted a serious relationship , it was time to get serious about finding one . I wanted an arranged marriage . I made a list of "  30 Rock " - style deal breakers . I searched . I interviewed . I interrogated friends and families of prospects . I decided I wanted to marry another convert , someone who had been where I was and wanted to go where I wanted to go . Thanks to parents of friends , I found my now-husband , a convert to Islam , in Mobile , Alabama , two hours from my New Orleans home . Twelve years later , we are living happily ever after . Not every Muslim finds a mate in this manner , and I did n't always see this for my life . But I am glad Islam afforded me this option . Living in a post-9 / 11 world I never had to give up my personality , American identity or culture to be a Muslim . I have , at times , had to give up on being treated with dignity . I have been spat on , had eggs thrown at me , and been cursed at from passing cars . And I have felt terror when the mosque I attended in Savannah , Georgia , was first shot at , then burned down . In August 2012 , I moved back home to New Orleans , where being different is the norm . I finally felt safe -- for a while . But now , with the continuous news coverage of the un-Islamic group known as ISIS , I have been subjected to much of the same treatment I received in other cities . And I now feel less safe than I ever have . It enrages me to know there are some who call themselves Muslims and who distort and misappropriate Islam for political gains . It weighs on me knowing that millions of my countrymen see only these images as a representative of my religion . It is unbearable to know that I am passionately hated for my beliefs , when those hating me do n't even know what my beliefs are . In my journey to Islam , I came to learn that Muslims come in all shapes , sizes , attitudes , ethnicities , cultures and nationalities . I came to know that Islam teaches disagreement and that should n't lead to disrespect , as most Muslims want peace . Most of all , I have faith that my fellow Americans can rise above fear and hatred and come to learn the same . The opinions expressed in this story are solely those of Theresa Corbin .	Theresa Corbin converted to Islam at age 21 She found the religion appealed to her intellect and feminist ideals "  Muslims come in all shapes , sizes , attitudes , ethnicities , cultures and nationalities , " she writes Have a personal essay of your own to share ? Submit at CNN iReport
An operation targeting al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is under way in Abyan and Shabwa , Yemen , a high-level Yemeni government official who is being briefed on the strikes told CNN on Monday . The official said that the scale of the strikes against AQAP is "  massive and unprecedented " and that at least 30 militants have been killed . The operation involved Yemeni commandos who are now "  going after high-level AQAP targets , " the official said . A day earlier , suspected drone strikes targeted al Qaeda fighters in Yemen for the second time in two days , killing "  at least a dozen , " the government official said . The predawn strikes targeted a mountain ridge in the southern province of Abyan , the official said . It 's the same area where scores of followers of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula had gathered recently to hear from Nasir al-Wuhayshi , the head of the terrorist network 's Yemeni branch and the global organization 's "  crown prince , " the official said . "  It 's too early to tell how many militants were killed , but the number is at least a dozen , " the official said . The targets included "  foreign nationals , " the official said , but he provided no details of what their nationalities were . Nor was it clear whether any high-value targets were among the dead and wounded , he said . Yemen 's state news agency SABA said three strikes targeted an al Qaeda training camp in the village of Wadi al Khila , about 450 kilometers  280 miles  south of the capital Sanaa . The fighters were "  preparing to launch attacks against Yemeni and foreign interests in the area , " according to a statement from the country 's Supreme Security Committee . "  These strikes destroyed the training facility completely and killed both Yemeni and foreign members , " it said . The official said Sunday 's raid was a joint U.S.-Yemeni operation . He would not confirm whether drones were used in the attack , but the United States is the only country known to have conducted drone strikes in Yemen -- and as a rule , U.S. officials do n't comment on those strikes . But the official said the area is so rugged and mountainous that Yemeni troops would have faced heavy losses in any ground assault . Al Qaeda operatives had fled to the area after a 2012 push by government troops , backed by the United States , he said . The high-level official said it would take time to fully clarify the details of the weekend 's strikes -- whether the raids targeted camps , vehicles on the move or both , the full death toll among the militants , and whether there were any civilian casualties . A Saturday drone strike in a neighboring province killed at least 10 suspected al Qaeda militants , but also killed three civilian day laborers . But other Yemeni officials , who asked to remain anonymous as they are not authorized to speak to the media , said there was growing frustration within the government about the lack of clarity and expressed concern that some of the information being reported by the military may be propaganda . "  I 'm worried this is an attempt to convince Yemenis that the U.S. and Yemen have turned a corner and are in the process of destroying AQAP , " one of those other officials said . "  At this hour , the numbers of militants being reported as being killed keeps changing , and we still are n't sure if any civilians have been killed or wounded in these strikes . " "  Yemenis are smart enough to doubt initial reports of this type , " he added . "  If this does turn out to be exaggeration , it will make the people here trust their government even less than they do and fuel growing anger over the drone program . " The United States first used armed drones to pick off an al Qaeda operative in Yemen in 2002 . Strikes on suspected al Qaeda figures resumed in 2009 , with more than 100 reported since then , according to the New America Foundation , a U.S.-based think tank that tracks the raids . Those strikes have killed somewhere between 700 and 1,000 people , including at least 81 civilians , the foundation says . Did the United States miss top al Qaeda meeting in Yemen ?	At least 30 militants have been killed , official says Predawn strikes hit al Qaeda in southern Yemen A U.S. drone attack is suspected , but the official wo n't confirm it Other officials express frustration , suspicion at lack of details
CNN  -- World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka will face a big test of her new status this weekend as women 's tennis moves from singles tournament play to the Fed Cup teams event . The Australian Open champion will lead Belarus into action against the United States for the first time , but despite the stars on show they will be competing in the second tier of the competition . The U.S. team will be led by the Williams sisters Serena and Venus , both former No. 1s and the winners of a combined 20 grand slam singles titles . Serena lost in the last 16 in Melbourne last month , but Venus will return to action in California after a five-month absence after being diagnosed with an autoimmune disorder . Can anyone stop champion Djokovic ? "  I think just being on a team and just having some adrenaline just gives me even more energy , to be honest , " the 31-year-old -- who revealed she was suffering from Sjogren 's Syndrome in September -- told reporters . Venus also admitted it was difficult to deal with the restrictions her illness had placed on her attempts to return to the court . She has not played a competitive match since the U.S. Open first round in August , but faced her younger sister in an exhibition match in November . "  The difference is acceptance , " said Venus , who was part of the U.S. team which lifted the Fed Cup in 1999 . "  Trying to accept how you feel and limitations . Listening to your body and taking care of yourself . "  Instead of trying to run through a wall , just really kind of take a step back and be smart . I think that 's kind of what I 've learned . "  I still have to be reminded to slow down , but hopefully there will be a day when I do n't have to be reminded of that . " The U.S. team are in the second tier of the tournament for the first time after being relegated from World Group I last year . Serena , a 13-time grand slam winner , is looking forward to teaming up with her sister ahead of their possible pairing at the London 2012 Olympics . "  We played on the same team a few times , " said Serena , who was also part of the team which defeated Russia in 1999 . "  We always have a blast and always make the best of everything . "  We really enjoy every moment together because we do n't sometimes get to spend a lot of time together . It 's something that we really enjoy . " The main World Group matches see the Czech Republic begin the defense of their title away to Germany , while Australian Open finalist Maria Sharapova leads last season 's runners-up Russia against Spain in Moscow . Belgium , who reached the last four in 2011 , will be without Melbourne semifinalist Kim Clijsters for the home clash with Serbia , headed by world No. 13 Jelena Jankovic . Italy , beaten by Russia in last year 's semis , take on Ukraine on clay in Biella .	World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka will return to the tennis court this weekend The Australian Open winner will play for Belarus against the U.S. in the Fed Cup Azarenka 's first match could be against one of Venus or Serena Williams Venus has not played since late August after being diagnosed with an autoimmune disease
CNN  -- Forget almost everything you ever thought you knew about the moon . NASA 's latest missions indicate the moon is much more than a dead , unchanging satellite orbiting Earth . It 's a dynamic environment , with changes occurring by the day and week , not over millions of years . The space agency says the missions are rewriting lunar science text books and revolutionizing what scientists know about Earth 's closest neighbor . An announcement in November probably rivaled Neil Armstrong 's first steps on the surface more than 40 years earlier : There 's water on the moon . The Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite , or L-CROSS , and its companion spacecraft crashed into a crater at the moon 's south pole in October and discovered water in a very dark and very cold place . L-CROSS researchers said about 25 gallons of water were detected in the crater , which measured about 60 feet wide by a few feet deep . Michael Wargo , NASA 'S chief lunar scientist on the L-CROSS mission , said the probes detected more than water in the crater , but researchers are still trying to understand what the other stuff is . "  We 're opening new chapters . And in fact , because some of this information is so new and it 's so different from the way we use to think about the moon , there are chapters that are blank right now , " he said . You know that they 're going to written , but we do n't even know the questions yet that are going to be engendered from this new information . " Wargo describes the lunar data as a treasure trove . The moon "  is like the dusty attic of the solar system , in that things get collected there and they give you insight , not just into the moon , but the evolution of the solar system . " Earthbound explorations , such as Lewis and Clark 's historic journey to the Pacific Ocean in the early 19th century , carry critically necessary items , but they have no need to haul wood or water . That 's not so for manned space flight . Those missions will have to carry all the supplies necessary for survival unless they can manufacture some of them either in flight or on a planet 's surface . The presence of water and other compounds on the moon means there are potential resources that could sustain future exploration of the moon and beyond . NASA is also mapping the moon 's surface in unprecedented detail , eventually creating the first moon atlas . The Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , which launched last summer , is the robotic scout that is providing the data . LRO is on a mission that could last several years -- orbiting the moon and gathering crucial data that will help astronauts prepare for another visit . Wargo said LRO is carrying high-resolution cameras , which have now mapped about 50 areas on the moon , including the Apollo mission landing sites . "  We have cameras on board that have been able to image where the Apollo spacecraft landed , and you can literally see where they put down their scientific packages , where the astronauts walked on the moon , " according to Wargo . The LRO discovered it 's extremely cold in the permanently shadowed polar craters , where temperatures dip more than 400 degrees below zero Fahrenheit , or 249 degrees below zero Celsius . That 's not far from absolute zero , defined by international agreement as 273.15 degrees below zero Celsius and a temperature that can not be physically reached . These are the coldest temperatures ever recorded in the solar system . The LRO is also measuring space radiation on the moon . Astronauts will need protection from this radiation during expeditions to the moon and other destinations . All this information is critical if humans are to make it back to the moon by 2020 , the the target date set by the Bush administration in 2004 . But it 's more than that . Wargo sum it up this way : "  We used to think of the moon as this really dead and unchanging place , that the moon was a dead planet . ... There are changes that occur there not over the course of thousands or millions or even billions of years , but are changing over the course of days and weeks and months . That 's something people just had n't thought of until just weeks and months ago . ... This is n't your grandfather 's moon anymore . "	NASA 's latest missions indicate the moon has changes occurring by the day and week Space agency says the missions are rewriting lunar science text books Discovery of water in lunar crater could boost efforts for future astronaut visits Lunar orbiter is taking pictures of leftover material from Apollo landing sites
CNN  -- The Australian federal government has approved a plan to dump 3 million cubic meters of dredge spoil in the Great Barrier Reef Park . The dredged material will come from the proposed expansion of the coal port at Abbot Point , south of Townsville on the Queensland coast . Final approval came from the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority , and is subject to "  strict conditions . " The proposal , while controversial and opposed by environmental groups including Greenpeace , had already been approved by Federal Environment Minister Greg Hunt last month . Tony Abbott 's government has come under fire for a raft of environmental decisions lately , including an election pledge to rescind expansion of Tasmania 's World Heritage-listed forest reserve which has united environmental campaigners and the forestry industry , who see the plan as unworkable and damaging in the long term . The reef is the largest living structure on the planet , and is a hugely diverse ecosystem stretching 2,300 kilometers along the Queensland coast . The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park is 345,000 square kilometers in size and home to thousands of species of coral , fish , molluscs , jellyfish , sharks and whales . A statement released by the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority said the proposal was in line with directives to limit development of ports on the coast to existing facilities . "  As a deepwater port that has been in operation for nearly 30 years , Abbot Point is better placed than other ports along the Great Barrier Reef coastline to undertake expansion as the capital and maintenance dredging required will be significantly less than what would be required in other areas , " said Dr Russell Reichelt , Authority Chairman . "  It 's important to note the seafloor of the approved disposal area consists of sand , silt and clay and does not contain coral reefs or seagrass beds . " The Authority 's General Manager for Biodiversity , Conservation and Sustainable Use , Bruce Elliot echoes the statement , saying that the environmental safeguards -- 47 in total -- insisted upon by the Authority would protect the reef and seagrasses , along with the social and heritage uses of the marine park . "  By granting this permit application with rigorous safeguards , we believe we are able to provide certainty to both the community and the proponent while seeking to ensure transparent and best practice environmental management of the project , " he said . The plan has attracted widespread criticism and WWF Australia spokesman Richard Leck said the approval from the marine park authority marked a "  sad day for the reef and anyone who cares about its future . " The Great Barrier Reef was designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1981 and environmental group Greenpeace warned that the move to allow dumping in the park may lead to that organization listing the site as "  in danger " this year . "  This go-ahead for dumping is one more body blow for the Reef which further threatens marine life , its World Heritage status and Australia 's tourism and fishing industries , " Greenpeace Reef Campaigner Louise Matthiesson said on the group 's website . "  Green lighting the reef 's destruction makes a mockery of the Authority 's charter which obliges it to protect the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park and the World Heritage Area . "	Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority approves plan to dump millions of tons of dredge spoil Waste material will come from the expansion of a coal port Environmental groups decry decision
CNN  -- Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant could be sidelined for up to nine months after tearing his Achilles tendon , the team said Saturday . The injury happened Friday against the Golden State Warriors . An MRI later confirmed the tear . "  Bryant elected to have surgery to repair the torn left Achilles tendon , " the team said . "  The successful surgery was performed by Dr. Neal ElAttrache and Dr. Stephen Lombardo of the Kerlan Jobe Orthopaedic Group . Recovery time is expected to be a minimum of six to nine months . " A ruptured Achilles could take up to a year to heal , according to Will Carroll , sports injuries lead writer for Bleacher Report . Bryant has previously said that next season could be his last in the NBA . This is the 16th season in the league for the 34-year-old . Asked if the timetable means Bryant will be back next season , trainer Gary Vitti said on Twitter "  that 's the plan . " Bryant reacted with disappointment on social media after the injury . On his Facebook page he posted a lengthy update : "  This is such BS ! All the training and sacrifice just flew out the window with one step that I 've done millions of times ! The frustration is unbearable . The anger is rage . Why the hell did this happen ?!? Makes no damn sense . Now I 'm supposed to come back from this and be the same player Or better at 35 ?!? How in the world am I supposed to do that ?? "  I have NO CLUE . Do I have the consistent will to overcome this thing ? Maybe I should break out the rocking chair and reminisce on the career that was . Maybe this is how my book ends . Maybe Father Time has defeated me . " Later , Bryant called the injury the first step in a new challenge . "  One day , the beginning of a new career journey will commence . Today is NOT that day , " he wrote . The post received more than 136,000 likes . According to an earlier tweet from the Lakers , Bryant could tell what the injury was before seeing a doctor . "  I was just hoping it was n't what I thought it was , " Bryant said , according to the tweet . The Lakers have two games left in the regular season , both at home . They face the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday and the Houston Rockets on Wednesday . After beating the Warriors 118-116 , the team is one game ahead of the Utah Jazz for the final spot in the NBA 's Western Conference playoffs . Bryant is the NBA 's fourth all-time leading scorer , and he currently ranks among the top three in the NBA in scoring this season , averaging 27.3 points . This season , he has averaged 5.6 rebounds , a team-high 6.0 assists , 1.36 steals and 38.6 minutes in 78 games .	NEW : Bryant has "  successful " surgery to repair the tendon NEW : Recovery time "  a minimum of six to nine months " Bryant has said that next year could be his last in the league Lakers have two games left in race for playoffs
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Palestinian inmates began leaving Israeli jails early Tuesday , setting in motion the historic swap that will trade more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners for one captured Israeli soldier . A total of 477 prisoners were being moved to meeting points with the Red Cross , according to a spokeswoman at Israel 's Prison Authority . Israeli radio reported that more than 1,000 police officers were deployed to ensure public order and the safety of the convoys , which headed to the Egyptian border . Late Monday , the Israeli Supreme Court rejected appeals against the release of prisoners in exchange for captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit . Israel and Hamas approved the deal last week , agreeing to release in two stages 1,027 Palestinian prisoners , including hundreds serving life sentences for attacks on Israelis . The second stage is scheduled to happen later this year . Shalit has been held incommunicado by the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas , which controls Gaza , since his seizure . The Israeli public overwhelmingly supports the swap for Shalit , an Israeli army sergeant who was abducted in a raid in 2006 , when he was 19 years old . Israelis are equally split on whether "  the release of terrorists " will harm Israeli security , with 50 % saying "  Yes " and 48 % saying "  No " -- a statistical tie given the number of people polled . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wrote to the families of terror victims to say he understood their pain . "  You were in my thoughts during the many uncertainties that have accompanied me in the negotiations , " he said in the letter , which was released by his office . "  The decision regarding the release of Gilad Shalit is one of the hardest I have taken ... I understand the difficulty in digesting that these villains who committed these crimes against your loved ones will not be paying the full price that they deserve to , " Netanyahu wrote . But , he said : "  The state of Israel does not abandon its soldiers and its citizens . " Nearly eight out of 10 Israelis favor the deal , according to the poll of 500 people conducted by the Dahaf Polling Institute for the daily Yedioth Aharonoth . The families of some Palestinian prisoners being released had mixed feelings about the swap , they told CNN . Mohamad Abu Khalil , whose son Ayman got three life sentences plus 90 years in jail , is glad his son is being freed -- but said he wo n't be coming home . "  It 's better that Ayman is going to be released from Israeli jails , but sad that he wo n't be around his family here . It 's better to be transferred to another country than being in Israeli jails , " his father said . The official Israeli list of prisoner releases lists him as being sent "  abroad , " rather than to Gaza or the West Bank , without specifying where . The Israel Defense Forces declared a number of sites connected to the prisoner transfer and Shalit release to be closed military zones as of Monday . The prisoners list released by Israel features 477 names , including those of Ahlam Tamimi , serving life terms for being an accomplice in the 2001 bombing of a Sbarro pizza restaurant , and Amneh Muna , who plotted the killing of a 16-year-old Israeli boy in 2001 and received a life sentence . The most notable name not on the list is that of jailed Palestinian lawmaker Marwan Barghouti , who is serving five life sentences . He was convicted in an Israeli court on murder and other charges related to his role in planning attacks on Israelis during the second Intifada . Israel 's Prisons Authority said the Palestinians slated for release are being taken to two facilities -- one for the 27 female prisoners on the list , the rest for the men -- from which they will be released together . Once freed , they will be under various restrictions on a case-by-case basis : Some will not be allowed to leave the country , while others will have other restrictions on their movement or be required to report their whereabouts to local police , Justice Ministry spokesman Moshe Cohen told CNN . Shalit , meanwhile , will be transferred back into Israeli territory via the Kerem Shalom border crossing and will undergo medical tests and debriefing at an air force base , the Israeli military said . Once that is complete , he will be flown to his home at Mitzpe Hila , north of Haifa . CNN 's Guy Azriel , Kareem Khadder , Michal Zippori and Kevin Flower contributed to this report	NEW : Vehicles carrying Palestinian prisoners depart from jails NEW : They are headed to the Egyptian border Israel declares closed military zones around areas involved in the exchange Israel is planning to release more than 1,000 prisoners for the captured soldier
CNN  -- The question may have been lost in translation , but a visibly angry Secretary of State Hillary Clinton bluntly told a town-hall meeting in the Democratic Republic of Congo on Monday , "  I will you tell you my opinion , I 'm not going to channel my husband . " Hillary Clinton became visibly angry after a translator asked what Bill Clinton would think regarding an issue . The unscripted moment happened as Clinton spoke to students at a Congolese university in Kinshasa , the Congo capital . A male student rose to ask a question about Chinese financial contracts with Congo . The student asked Clinton what President Obama would think of the deal , but pool reporters in the room said the translator made a mistake , posing the question as what would Bill Clinton think . Clinton looked surprised when she first heard the translation in the headset , and then sharply replied , "  You want me to tell you what my husband thinks ? My husband is not the secretary of state , I am . You ask my opinion . I will tell you my opinion ; I 'm not going to channel my husband . " Watch Clinton react to question " At the State Department , Assistant Secretary P.J. Crowley said the question she heard "  struck a nerve , " that her opinion on the matter was apparently of less interest than that of her husband , the former president . Crowley told CNN that Clinton 's answer must be considered in the context of her African trip . "  The secretary of state is going to Goma Tuesday , to draw attention to the plight of women who are victims of rape as a weapon of war " in Congo , Crowley said . "  She did react to what she heard , " Crowley explained , but regardless that the interpreter may have gotten it wrong , "  you ca n't separate the question from the setting . " He said "  If Africa , if Congo is going to advance , women have to play a more significant role . She was in the setting of a town hall , and the questioner was interested in what two men thought , not the secretary of state . " Crowley , who has just returned to Washington after traveling with Clinton during the first part of her trip to Africa , said the State Department has not yet reviewed recordings of the original question , in French , to learn whether the student clearly intended the question to refer to Obama , not former President Clinton . "  She did talk with the student afterward , and they seemed to have reached an understanding , " Crowley said .	Question at town-hall meeting may have been an error of translation When translator posed question , they asked for Bill Clinton 's thoughts Clinton responded : "  I will tell you my opinion ; I 'm not going to channel my husband " State Department : Question "  struck a nerve , " that her opinion was of less interest
London , England  CNN  -- On Friday in London 's Trafalgar Square , 5,000 members of the public were served a free hot curry , free apple juice and an array of fresh groceries . The lunchtime feast , dished up by volunteers -- including the Bishop of London and the Mayor of London , Boris Johnson and -- was made entirely from ingredients that otherwise would have been wasted , such as fresh but cosmetically imperfect "  wonky " fruit and vegetables that fail to meet the supermarkets ' strict cosmetic standards . The event demonstrated how easy it is to reduce the unimaginable levels of food waste both in the UK and internationally , and how governments , businesses and individuals can all help to change the way waste has become rife in our globalized food chain . Putting on an event of this scale has involved hundreds of volunteers and numerous partner organizations and charities . Before the event , over 300 volunteers have given their time to wash , peel , chop , cook and serve the delicious curry . The ingredients themselves have been sourced from farmers who donated several tons of vegetables and fruit . During the event , FoodCycle , a charity which serves up community meals made from surplus food , put on cookery demonstrations in the Field Kitchen led by popular British chefs . Tons more food donated by farmers was passed on to FareShare , a food redistribution charity that feeds vulnerable people who may not otherwise eat a square meal . In addition , around a ton of surplus apples was delivered to Trafalgar Square so that passersby can press them to make fresh juice . Friends of the Earth brought along four pigs to eat the leftover apple pulp . Feeding 5,000 people is a challenge , but according to my calculations , if we could hypothetically save all the food wasted across the UK on any one day , there would be enough to feed 60 million people  i.e. , the entire nation  and still leave some over for tea-time . The aim of these activities is to demonstrate that everybody can gain by tackling food waste . The food we buy and eat is part of an international food supply chain . In straitened times it becomes ever more important to address the chronic problem of wastage in food production on farms , in factories , in supermarkets , restaurants , and in homes all across the world . Saving food really does help alleviate hunger , in rich countries as in poor ones . Tackling food waste is also good for the environment . In my book , Waste : the Global Food Scandal  2009  , I calculated that 10 % of all greenhouse gas emissions come from producing food that no-one eats . Waste has become so endemic to food production , that we now take for granted attitudes and practices that our ancestors would be appalled by . For example , until 10 years ago , pigs in Europe were often raised on a diet of food scraps . Today , however , European livestock is raised on a diet of soya imported from South America . Soya is expensive for farmers , and its cultivation contributes to the destruction of the Amazon rainforest . Because pigs fed on specially-grown soya no longer eat waste food , this creates the further problem of how to dispose of food waste . Food currently sent to landfill , for example , decomposes into methane , a greenhouse gas 21 times more potent than carbon dioxide . The answer , as the event on Friday aimed to demonstrate , is to bring common-sense back into the food chain : eat what you can , redistribute what you ca n't , feed food not fit for humans to pigs , and only then turn to other waste solutions , such as composting or anaerobic digestion . We , the public , have the responsibility , and the power , to demand change . 80 % of consumers in the UK want businesses to cut food waste , and Feeding the 5000 is urging everyone around the world to sign the pledge calling on food businesses , governments and citizens to stop wasting so much food . Food businesses , restaurants and retailers are being urged to sign up to the Feeding the 5000 Pledge and commit to tackling waste . We all have a role in ending the global food waste scandal . The opinions in this piece are solely those of Tristram Stuart .	Central London event aims to feed 5000 people using food normally considered to be waste Edible food is often thrown away by businesses , restaurants and retailers Food sent to landfill decomposes into methane , which is 21 times more potent than carbon dioxide
CNN  -- A southern California man killed by a grizzly bear in Alaska 's backcountry was shooting photos of the animal that killed him just moments before the attack , a National Park Service official said Sunday . The bear that killed Richard White , 49 , was still with his body when rangers found him in Denali National Park on Saturday , the official said . The San Diego resident had been backpacking alone for three nights when he was mauled to death by the bear , according to a park service statement . Grizzly bear kills backpacker in Alaska 's Denali National Park Photographs found in his camera revealed that White was watching the bear for at least eight minutes near a river before the attack . "  The bear was generally unaware that he was there until the last couple of shots , then his attention turned , " park spokeswoman Maureen McLaughlin said . The photographs "  are not that demonstrative " and show "  nothing graphic , or any showing major signs of aggression , " McLaughlin said . "  We 're not sure what happened after the camera was put down . " State troopers , park rangers and wildlife biologists , using the photos to identify the "  large male bear , " shot and killed the animal as it was still "  defending the kill site along the Toklat River as the recovery team attempted to reach White 's remains , " the park service said . A necropsy of the bear Saturday night confirmed it was the animal that killed White , the statement said . The first sign of trouble came Friday afternoon , when three hikers noticed an abandoned backpack and signs of a struggle -- including torn clothing and blood -- along the river , the park service said . The hikers went back to a rest area , about three miles to the south , and alerted authorities around 5:30 p.m. Friday . About two and a half hours later , park rangers conducting an aerial search spotted at least one grizzly bear and , after touching down , the unidentified victim 's remains . The bear intially ran away , but returned to the site a short time later while the rangers were investigating the scene , forcing the rangers to retreat , the park service said . After the bear began to circle around them and as darkness was setting in , the rangers decided to wait until Saturday to remove the body . The area of the Denali backcountry where the attack occurred has been closed -- prohibiting all hiking and camping in that area -- "  until further notice , " the park service said . About 12 grizzly bears have been living this summer around where Friday 's attack occurred , the park said , citing wildlife biologists . Grizzly bear attacks are not common , though they are not unprecedented . Last September , a grizzly attacked and killed a hunter in northwestern Montana within sight of another hunter . Earlier that year , grizzly bears killed two men in Yellowstone National Park , according to the park 's superintendent . This attack is the "  first known bear mauling fatality " recorded in Denali National Park and Preserve , according to the park service .	Richard White , 49 , of San Diego , California , was hiking alone when the bear killed him Photos taken by the backpacker just before the attack show "  nothing graphic , " a park spokeswoman says "  We 're not sure what happened after the camera was put down , " she says State troopers and rangers killed the bear Saturday
CNN  -- It was an upscale , expensive vehicle -- a 2012 silver Range Rover -- sitting unoccupied in a parking deck at an upscale , expensive New Jersey mall crowded with Sunday holiday shoppers . Police say the luxury SUV 's owners -- a 30-year-old Hoboken attorney and his wife -- returned to it after shopping , walking straight into an apparent carjack attempt . A few seconds and a few bullets later , the young attorney lay shot in the head and dying in a shopping mall parking lot , his shocked and stunned wife likely in a panic nearby as two suspects sped from the scene in the Range Rover . On Monday , New Jersey 's legal community , friends and family were mourning the death of Dustin Friedland , who , police said , had performed one last act for his wife before the couple was accosted . He had opened the car door for her . And on Monday , police found that 2012 silver Range Rover parked in Newark , apparently with no obvious signs of what had happened to the two carjackers who became killers in a matter of seconds Sunday night in the parking deck of The Mall at Short Hills . According to authorities , Friedland apparently was walking behind the vehicle after opening his wife 's door and helping her get in , when he was confronted . There was a struggle , authorities believe , and shots were fired . Friedland 's wife heard the struggle and had gotten out of the SUV when the two attackers got in and drove off . She was not injured . Friedland was pronounced dead at a nearby hospital in Morristown . A manhunt for the suspects was launched , with authorities fanning out from the mall with its 150-store roster of retailers including Cartier , Prada , Gucci and Dior in addition to Bloomingdale 's and Neiman Marcus . The Essex County , New Jersey , Sheriff 's Crime Stoppers program announced a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the suspects . Police described the two still-at-large suspects as being armed and dangerous , but beyond that , few details of the investigation were released . Essex County Chief Assistant Prosecutor Thomas Fennelly would not confirm how many shots were fired during the seconds of the struggle behind the SUV , pending autopsy results . CNN 's Jean Casarez and Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	One of Dustin Friedland 's last acts was to open the car door for his wife As he was walking behind the couple 's Range Rover , he was accosted by two men Gunshots rang out , Friedland was shot in the head , the thieves drove off in the SUV Police say it was apparently an attempted carjacking that became a killing
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has one of the oldest food cultures in the world and , like that acme of Western food culture French cuisine , the food needs to be fresh . At Sei Wui , a remote town in western Guangdong Province , a live goose will cost you little more than $ US3 a bird . "  They 're 18 kwai a piece , " said one market trader , using the Chinese vernacular for the renminbi , China 's currency , and pointing to her gaggle of geese honking furiously at one end of a bamboo pen . "  Buy it now and they 'll cook it for you , " she added , pointing down the road to a small stall doing a brisk business serving a lunchtime crowd of pavement diners . In southern China , it 's said that people will eat everything with four legs except for the table . Whether it 's a chicken , a goose or even a frog , if its heart is still just beating by the time you get it home , all the better . It may taste delicious ; but the way the birds are handled , stored and slaughtered has the potential to make you very sick . It 's no accident , then , that China 's public health authorities are now proactively targeting small towns and villages , taking throat swabs from live food dealers and their customers in wet markets where the rough and ready food culture provides a perfect environment for viruses -- such as H7N9 bird flu -- to flourish . As with all things in China , the scale of the undertaking is witheringly massive . China 's Ministry of Agriculture , says its medical dragnet has taken samples from poultry markets , farms and slaughterhouses across the country . So far , 84,444 samples have been taken , 47,801 have been tested and 39 samples confirmed as H7N9 positive . Of these , 38 positive samples came from live poultry markets in the Shanghai municipality and Anhui , Zhejiang and Jiangsu provinces . One sample , worryingly , was found in a feral pigeon ; an indication of the virus 's ability to spread undetected in wild species . "  Basically , at the moment poultry seems to be the source of the virus so there 's a risk if there 's direct contact with the poultry or indirect contact with the fecal matter or other products . Of course , if the food is being cooked properly then the risk is limited , " said Dr. Leo Poon Lit-man , associate professor , at the School of Public Health at the University of Hong Kong . While the World Health Organisation has not established a direct link , medical investigators are concentrating their efforts on China 's poultry farms and vendors . "  That is the reality , " he said . "  That is what we learned from H5N1 , " he added , referring to the outbreak of the bird flu virus in Hong Kong in 1997 that killed six and left 18 seriously ill . Like most of China , Hong Kong back then liked its chickens fresh . Poultry in bamboo cages on street corners was a common sight and grandmothers could be regularly seen blowing on chickens ' anuses -- a common local method of checking the bird 's cloaca to gauge its age . All of these practices have ended in Hong Kong . After 1997 , millions of poultry were slaughtered and hundreds of vendors put out of business . According to Poon , reducing the risk in any market place is not just a matter of improving hygiene , restricting transport and creating overnight "  rest days " are all ways of bringing down the viral load in China 's ubiquitous wet markets . "  Once a month we leave a day that allows the poultry to sleep and then on that day we have a very thorough cleaning procedure of the market , " Poon said , adding that the almost 24/7 nature of many market places in China made it difficult for health authorities to break the cycle of the virus . "  Basically , we come up with a package -- we need more than one single measure to reduce the risk , " he added . Virologists , meanwhile , are now looking at how viruses pass , not just from animals to humans , but from humans to animals and then back to humans again . According to Professor Gabriel Leung , head of the Department of Community Medicine at Hong Kong University , the spread of disease does not just work in one direction . He said that dangerous outbreaks of epidemics such as SARS and bird flu are a wake-up call , demonstrating that the fate of humans is inextricably linked with that of the animals we raise and eat . "  It reminds us that human health and veterinary health are one and the same thing and we need to be constantly vigilant , " he said . "  We are linked to animals not just by contact but also by the food chain . "	Chinese cuisine demands that food be as fresh as possible But problems arise with the way live poultry is handled , stored and slaughtered China 's public health authorities taking throat swabs from live food dealers H7N9 strain of bird flu virus has resulted in more than 17 deaths
Sydney  CNN  -- It was , until today , something that happened to sporting codes elsewhere , never in Australia . As a result , the finding of widespread use of banned drugs across professional sports by elite athletes has shocked the Australian sporting world . The Australian Crime Commission 's year long investigation also found links between drug use and organized crime and at least one instance of possible match-fixing . "  It 's cheating , but it 's worse than that . It 's cheating with the help of criminals , " Australian Justice Minister Jason Clare told a media conference in Canberra attended by the heads of many of the countries ' major sporting codes . The probe uncovered the use of banned drugs , including peptides and a number of others drugs , some of which have as yet not been tested for humans . Worse , they have been used , according to the ACC report , in orchestrated doping programs facilitated by coaches , sports scientists , support staff , doctors and pharmacists . It is this that most shocks Australian Broadcasting Corporation sports commentator Peter Wilkins . "  Sports people are always pushing the envelope . Everyone does that , " Wilkins told CNN . "  So if you find a drug and it 's not on the banned list you will give it a go , " he said . But that entire teams of elite athletes may be systematically using illegal substances to enhance their performance with the knowledge and help of sports scientists , coaches and doctors , leaves Wilkins astounded . "  The sports scientists and sports teams which are potentially doping , that 's shocking , " said Wilkins . "  But are they going to go down ? " he asks . Tip of the iceberg All of this comes in the same week that the Essendon Football Club in Victoria approached the Australian Football League  AFL  and Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority  ASADA  to investigate claims that its players took substances that may be illegal . Shocking though the claim was , it may turn out to be the tip of the iceberg in a nation which prides itself on being at the forefront of clean sport . The substances the Essendon Football Club believes its players may have used are believed to include peptide or related substances that were injected . Some peptides are legal for athletes to inject . The investigation is expected to focus on whether the illegal substances the club believes its players used was inert peptide , or otherwise , and whether the drugs were administered as part of a fitness regime . Players could face season suspensions , though legendary AFL coach Kevin Sheedy said after the ACC findings were released that suspension might not be enough . "  We need to get rid of it -- we need to find the people and eradicate them from the sport , " he told local reporters . Though the ACC has not named specific athletes or clubs that are under current investigation , the National Rugby League  NRL  says more than one of its players and more than one of its clubs are under investigation . The code has already committed to an audit and register of people supplying performance services to its players and clubs , as well as centralized testing for illicit substances . Integrity units All sporting codes have expressed shock at the findings as they pledged full co-operation with ASADA and other investigating authorities . The AFL , the NRL , the Football Federation of Australia , Australian Rugby Union and Cricket Australia have agreed to establish integrity units and have called on athletes to own up and co-operate in return for reduced sanctions . Wilkins said he was surprised that the findings were made public while active investigations are ongoing . "  There are still a lot of qualifiers , " added Wilkins . But according to Richard Ings , the former chief of the ASADA , the report 's findings are no surprise . He said the involvement of criminal networks was well known to the anti-doping agency . "  Having worked with ASADA for the past five years it was very clear that there were links between elements of organized crime importing and distributing prohibited substances across Australian sport , " Ings told CNN . Nor was AFL chief Andrew Demetriou surprised by the links between the supply of drugs and organized crime . "  Organized crime is very pervasive , " he told the Canberra media conference . "  They find vulnerable players . They infiltrate , " said the AFL chief . "  And all of us here today would say that today is the day we draw a line in the sand . We address it , we tackle it . Sport is too important in this community . " But Demetriou denied that Essendon Football Club went to the authorities with its illicit drug taking suspicions as a result of the ACC investigation . The ACC 's report draws on past international cases to warn of a potential link between the involvement of crime gangs in sport and match-fixing . "  Overseas experience has demonstrated that organized criminal groups involved in match-fixing are increasingly targeting sub-elite athletes due to the ease with which these individuals can be ` bought ' , the lower levels of scrutiny from integrity authorities at sub-elite competitions , and the potential long-term value of these athletes to the criminal group , " it said . President of the World Anti-Doping Agency John Fahey said that it 's not surprising that the problem has surfaced in Australia . "  It is very clear from Interpol and we have a close association with them in WADA , that the suppliers , manufacturers , traffickers of the performance enhancing drugs are the same people who are connected with the illegal drugs , the same people who are connected with match-fixing and illegal gambling so I guess it 's not surprising that it now surfaces in this country , " Fahey told ABC radio . Sports betting The Deputy Victorian Police Commissioner , Graham Ashton , said soccer , cricket and tennis were most at risk of match-fixing by organized criminals because they attracted big offshore bets . "  The increasing betting pools mean that we need to take preventative action now to make these sports more resilient to this threat , " he told reporters . Former South African national Rugby Union coach , Jake White , now a mentor for the ACT Brumbies , thinks it would be difficult to fix a match in rugby . ` The one thing that 's magnificent about rugby union is that it 's such a difficult game to even think about match - ixing , " White told The Age newspaper in Melbourne . " In other games when the margins are nil-nil results , or a team concedes one goal ... rugby is such a fluid and dynamic game that it would stick out like a sore thumb if you even try to do something that 's match-fixing , " he said . An Independent Senator in the Australian Parliament , Nick Xenophon , wants an immediate suspension of all sports betting until all investigations are complete . "  These extraordinary findings require an urgent response to protect the integrity of sporting codes that millions of Australians love , " Senator Xenophon said .	Australian sports chief to establish "  integrity units " over doping report Australian Crime Commission report alleges widespread doping Claims organized gangs supplying drugs and potentially fixing matches Former Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority chief not surprised by report after years working at anti-doping body
CNN  -- World champion Marc Marquez continued his impeccable start to the 2014 season with his third win in three races with victory in the Argentina MotoGP Sunday . The Honda rider also became the first rider since the great Italian star Giacomo Agostini in 1971 to win the first three from pole position . The 21-year-old Spaniard 's teammate Dani Pedrosa finished second ahead of the Yamaha duo of Jorge Lorenzo and Valentino Rossi in third and fourth respectively . Marquez , so dominant in Doha and Texas , did not have things all his own way after opting for a hard front tire choice and following a sluggish start was as low as seventh on the second lap . But as his tires bedded in on the Autodromo Termas de Rio Hondo , a circuit being used for the first time for a MotoGP , he powered through the field . He was in second place by lap four and then overtook the Yamaha of former champion Jorge Lorenzo after tracking him for a dozen laps . Marquez soon pulled well clear and Pedrosa also overhauled Lorenzo with a lap to go of the 25 , to complete a one-two for the Repsol Honda line-up . Marquez has a perfect 75 points after three rounds , with Pedrosa on 56 and Rossi in third on 41 points . "  The beginning was difficult . My tires were not good and I span as I was on the dirty side of the track , " admitted the world champion . "  But it was fun . Jorge opened the gap and I just kept pushing to catch him at the end . " Stefan Bradl and Andrea Iannone finished fifth and sixth , with promising young Briton Bradley Smith in seventh in his debut season at the highest level . In the Moto2 competition , championship leader Esteve Rabat of Spain scored his second win of the season while Italy 's Romano Fenati won the Moto3 race to deny Australian Jack Miller his hat-trick of wins in that class . MotoGP was returning to Argentina for the first time since 1999 as the third of 18 rounds this season .	Marc Marquez claims hat-trick of wins at start of MotoGP season Marquez wins Argentina round from pole Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa in second place Valentino Rossi in fourth and third in standings
Frederick , Maryland  CNN  -- In front of a mirror , Aesha Mohammadzai sees what is possible . There , in the center of her face , is a nearly complete piece of herself -- a piece she 's been missing since the day she was mutilated nearly four years ago . Since August 2010 , when her image appeared on the cover of Time magazine , she 's been known for what she did n't have . Her Taliban husband and in-laws hacked off her nose and ears as punishment for running away . Her disfigured face became a symbol for oppressed women in Afghanistan , a reminder of what might come in spades if the Taliban regains control . Today , she is only minor surgeries away from having the new nose she 's longed for . The grueling procedures -- involving a painful skin expander in her forehead , as well as skin , bone and cartilage grafts -- are behind her . Come this summer , for the first time in years , she will appear whole . But rebuilding a nose and rebuilding a life are two very different propositions . The first involves her being at the mercy of others ; the second demands that Aesha , 22 , do the work . With the end of her face 's transformation in sight , she and the Afghan family that 's embraced her believe everything else -- an education , a career , independence -- will be possible . "  She 's a very bright girl . And her future is actually in her hands , you know . But we are the instrument to coach her . ... This should be our duty , to show her the right way and the wrong way , " says Mati Arsala , who serves as her father figure and is facing his own challenges today . "  There is no limitation for her -- where she can go . " CNN has been following Aesha 's journey in America since January 2011 , a year before we were even able to speak directly to Aesha -- let alone take photographs or shoot video . In our initial exclusive piece , we explored her winding , complicated search to find a place to call home . Her journey began with a few months in California , where she was supposed to get reconstructive surgery but was deemed too emotionally unstable to handle it . She then went to New York , where she stayed for a year under the care of the nonprofit Women for Afghan Women . There she made progress , with the help of tutors , English classes and therapy . But the support network in New York could n't give her something she 'd eventually claim for herself . Aesha wanted a family . And after meeting Mati , his wife Jamila Rasouli-Arsala and their daughter from Jamila 's first marriage , Aesha campaigned to join them through months of middle-of-the-night phone calls . Knowing what she 'd been through , and believing they could give her something no one else could , they opened their doors . In late November 2012 , she moved into their Fredrick , Maryland , home . "  I suffered a lot in my life , " Aesha said , as Jamila translated , days before her first surgery last June . "  Now I feel that a light comes into my life . " Her surrogate parents , though , are now swimming in their own sea of worries . Days before Christmas , Mati lost his engineering job with Bechtel , one he 'd had for nearly 30 years . And Jamila , who 'd been an OBGYN in Germany before moving to the U.S. to join Mati , has struggled to find her way professionally . She needs to complete a residency program to practice medicine here , but so far has been unable to secure a spot in a program . Jamila has spent the better part of the last year in New York , away from her family , working at a Brooklyn hospital as a house physician -- a low-paying and demanding position open to doctors in her situation -- in hopes it would help her land a residency this spring . But for the third year in a row , she came up empty-handed . Their flexibility as a family , their ability to pick up as a unit and move for work , is limited in part by Aesha 's surgeries . She 's being treated for free at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland . Once her nose is completed in the coming months , doctors will move onto her ears -- a less-cumbersome reconstructive process , but one that will take time . Her disfigured ears , though , have not haunted her like her nose . Her dark hair , which flows down to her waist , covers them . Aesha 's transformed face , and her sense of peace and comfort in her new Maryland home , is a testament to her development . But as she progresses physically and emotionally , in other respects Aesha 's life is on hold -- teetering between inertia and , at times , regression . She 's been living in a protective bubble ever since her surgical process began 11 months ago . She 's floated between surgeries and , for the most part , not been engaged with the outside world . She , and those caring for her , say she ca n't risk contracting a cold or , worse , an infection . As a result , she 's stopped going to her weekly English classes and barely speaks English anymore . She stays up all night watching Bollywood videos and making jewelry . She sleeps during the day . Mati and Jamila want to give her space to heal . Now is not the time to push her , they say . Soon enough , when her nose is complete , she 'll have no choice but to move forward . But what will those next steps look like ? What will her future hold ? No mirror can reflect to Aesha , or anyone else , those answers . If you are interested in making a donation to Aesha 's personal account to support her on her journey , go to the website set up in June 2012 by the family who is caring for her : Aesha 's Journey .	Her Taliban husband and in-laws cut off her nose and ears as punishment for running away Aesha 's haunting image appeared in 2010 on the cover of Time , a symbol of oppression After multiple surgeries , her new nose is nearly complete and will make her look whole But CNN 's multiyear journey with Aesha shows questions remain about her future
CNN  -- Drug kingpin Benjamin Arellano Felix , one of the leaders of the major Tijuana cartel , was extradited to the United States on Friday , Mexico 's attorney general 's office said . Arellano Felix was one of seven brothers who ran the cartel until he and the majority of the leadership was arrested . The Tijuana cartel , also known as the Arellano Felix Organization , was weakened as a result , but is still considered one of Mexico 's major drug trafficking operations . He had been convicted of organized crime activities in Mexico and was serving several sentences in prison . He is wanted in the United States on two indictments for conspiracy , money laundering , drug trafficking , operating a drug smuggling organization , and murder . The Tijuana cartel , during its peak in the 1990s and early 2000s , controlled the flow of cocaine , marijuana and other drugs into the United States through Tijuana and Mexicali , the Mexican attorney general 's office said . One of the strategies that Mexican President Felipe Calderon has employed in his fight against the drug cartels has been sending traffickers to face justice in the United States . In Mexico , even convicted traffickers have been known to communicate freely and control their organizations from inside prison . Being tried in the United States is thought to be a deterrent . In addition to trafficking drugs , the cartel under Arellano Felix 's leadership ran a network of bribes , spies and killings , the attorney general 's office said . He was considered the brains and accountant for the organization , the agency said . Arellano Felix was arrested in 2002 in the city of Puebla . Extradition processes against him began in 2007 . The handover to U.S. marshals happened Friday at a hangar at the international airport in the city of Toluca , Mexico .	Benjamin Arellano Felix is wanted in the United States He was a leader of the Tijuana cartel
CNN  -- A Japanese man accused of operating a drug trafficking ring between Mexico and Japan was arrested in Mexico last week , the Ministry of Public Security said Saturday . Phanor Eriko Kuratomi , known as "  El Casio , " was arrested Friday in Mexico City , according to a ministry news release . The arrest was the result of an investigation that revealed that Eriko Kuratomi , a Japanese citizen , used women to transport drugs in their bodies . Also arrested were three women , including 30-year-old Zaira Apodaca Vera , who is believed to have transported drugs in her body , and Isabel Alamilla Roa , 40 , who had served time in prison for being part of a group of women who smuggled drugs into Mexican jails . Also arrested was Juan Ignacio Angeles Reyes , accused of recruiting the women to travel to Japan and driving them to the airport . The police secured one and a half kilos of cocaine and plane tickets to Tokyo .	Phanor Eriko Kuratomi was arrested in Mexico City on Friday He is accused of using women to smuggle drugs Also arrested were three women accused of smuggling the drugs
CNN  A.J. Pero , a longtime drummer for the metal band Twisted Sister , has died , the band posted on its Facebook page . "  The members of Twisted Sister are profoundly saddened to announce the untimely passing of our brother , AJ Pero , " said the post . "  The band , crew and most importantly the family of AJ Pero thank you for your thoughts and prayers at this time . " Pero was 55 . Pero died of what appears to be a massive heart attack , his longtime agent Dan Stanton told CNN . "  He had been complaining of a sore arm all week and took a few days off from his tour with the band Adrenaline Mob , " says Stanton . Pero had been on a tour with the band in Poughkeepsie , New York , and was scheduled to play tonight , according to Stanton . Twisted Sister guitarist Jay Jay French told CNN that Pero was found this morning in his tour bus . He was taken to a hospital and died there . "  We are devastated . He was a great guy and one of the best drummers , " French said . "  To lose someone you have depended on for 33 years ... I do n't know what it is going to be like to be on stage without him . I ca n't even think about what it will be like . " Twisted Sister frontman Dee Snider tweeted about the death . "  Today I lost a brother . Anthony Jude Pero passed away , " Snider said in a statement . "  His sledgehammer assault on the drums helped drive Twisted Sister and I to greatness and inspired me to rock every single show . My heart breaks knowing I will never feel the power of his beat behind me , or turn to see his face smiling broadly from the sheer joy he got from doing what he loved . " Pero joined Twisted Sister , best known for its 1984 song "  We 're Not Gon na Take It " and accompanying comedic video , in 1982 . Though he left for a time in 1987 to join another band , he reunited with Twisted Sister in the 1990s and was with the band for the past 12 years , according to Loudwire.com . In the "  We 're Not Gon na Take It " video , which also starred "  Animal House 's " Mark Metcalf , Pero can be seen in concert , hitting a drum that brings up a cloud of glitter . In recent years , he was also the drummer for the band Adrenaline Mob . CNN 's Tony Marco contributed to this story .	A.J. Pero , the longtime Twisted Sister drummer , dies at 55 Pero played on "  We 're Not Gon na Take It " Members of the band are "  profoundly saddened "
CNN  -- Last Tuesday Google unveiled its attempt to rival Facebook , a social-networking product called Google + . I received an invitation from a friend and have been putting this nascent service through its paces -- especially on my Android phone . Here 's my experience so far : Do you want a Google + invitation ? Sorry , you may have to wait . First , a caveat : Absolutely everything about Google + , including its mobile experience , is in a state of flux . So at least some of what I write here will definitely change in the coming days and weeks . Google + is very much a "  beta " service , sporting plenty of glitches , mysteries and oddities . Therefore it 's just as well that the vast majority of people using it so far seem to be serious social media geeks . Yes , that does make for a lot of redundant , tiresome conversations probing the arcane nuances of Google + and comparing it to Facebook , Twitter and Foursquare . But it 's probably best to let the geeks kick the tires on Google + first . Later on , when the service becomes more widely available , less-geeky users will definitely benefit from this process . So be a little patient . There are main components to the Google + mobile experience are the free Google + Android app  of course  , and the mobile web app  accessible via the mobile browser on most Web-enabled phones  . To get Google + Android app working you must first install the app , then log into Google + via the Web to set up a link to your phone . Then you should be able to use the app . This Google + Android app video explains how the app is supposed to work , after you 've done this setup . I was able to easily install the Google + app and link my account to my first-generation HTC Droid Incredible . So far this app is running fine for me -- no freezes or crashes . However , I 've noticed some other Google + mobile users have complained of problems : the app installed slowly or not at all , or it crashed , or they 're having problems getting their phone linked to their Google + account . Given the vast diversity of Android devices , versions of the Android operating system running on them , and manufacturer-specific interfaces  like HTC Sense  , this is n't surprising . But for now , Android users have the best shot of enjoying a satisfactory mobile Google + experience . That 's because , so far there are no Google + native smartphone apps for platforms other than Android . Google says the iPhone app is coming soon , and others are probably in the works . Google + users on non-Android phones -- or who ca n't or do n't want to install the app -- currently can use the mobile Web app . Here , functionality varies : Android and iPhone users of the Web app enjoy substantially more functionality than people on BlackBerry , Nokia , or WebOS devices , at least so far . The Android app is really important , since ArsTechnica rightly observes : "  The success of Google + will partly depend on the quality of the user experience the service offers on mobile devices . Because Google is n't just a Web developer but also major mobile platform vendor through Android , the company has an opportunity to offer deep integration between its new social networking service and the popular smartphone operating system . " What I like Mostly , I like the Google + Android app . I am able to use all the other core functionality of Google + via the Android app without difficulty . For instance , I can add people to my "  circles "  contact groups that I define  , read my "  stream "  the Google + equivalent of a Facebook news feed , or a tweetstream  , and take and upload photos . So generally , I 'm pretty satisfied with the app . If you 're uploading mobile photos or video to Google +  and you can only do this via the Android app so far , which puts iPhone shutterbugs out of luck  , you might want to peruse your instant upload settings . By default , Google + uploads everything you shoot as soon as you shoot it , to a private album , from which you can selectively share photos . Personally I only want to upload images I wish to share , so I 've turned this option off . Having the Google + app installed on my phone offers one key advantage over the computer-based browser experience of Google + : sharing links . With the app installed and activated on my Android phone , now when I 'm using any of the Web browser I have installed on my phone  even Opera Mini  , when I find a page I want to share , Google + is listed as one of the many "  share page " options  along with Evernote , Gmail , Messages , etc. This is actually easier than sharing links to Google + on my computer . So far as I 've been able to find there 's no Google + bookmarklet or browser toolbar button that 's the equivalent of share on Facebook . I use these kinds of tools all the time for other services in my Web browser . I 'm sure Google + will have one eventually , but right now on my Android phone at least I do n't have to cut-and-paste the link . I 'll like it even better when Google releases an application programming interface for Google + , so other services I like and use frequently , such as PicPlz , for posting photos selectively to several services at once , can connect to my Google + presence . What 's not working One of the main glitches I 've noticed with mobile Google + involves the "  huddle " feature -- a prominent part app , featured on its home screen . As far as I understand it , a "  huddle " is supposed to be the Google + alternative to group texting services . It allows self-defined groups of mobile users to convene on-the-fly private discussions -- such friends deciding where to meet at the beach , or journalists in the field coordinating coverage of a breaking news event . I was able to use the Android app to initiate a huddle and invite several friends . However , the only person who could actually join the huddle was also using the Android app . All other invitees , who were accessing Google + via a their Web browser  desktop or mobile  , would click to accept my invitation -- but then they were inexplicably routed to the main Google mobile info page . Rather frustrating . Theoretically , Google + users should be able to participate in a huddle via the mobile Web  although that did n't work for my friends  , and even non-users should be able to participate via SMS , though that seems sketchy . I searched Google + Help for Huddle info -- but as of this writing the only result that yields is how to delete your account . Since Huddle is strictly a mobile service , info about it can be found in Google Mobile Help . This is n't exactly intuitive from the user 's perspective , and I hope Google fixes that soon . Help should always be where users expect to find it . Despite how Google has organized this project , users do n't perceive the Google + Android app as a separate service from Google + . Another glitch : I noticed that my mobile notifications usually lag . I just accessed Google + on my laptops Web browser and saw five new notifications of interaction from other users , similar to Facebook notifications . But I 'm not seeing these on my Android app . That 's been happening a lot . Like I said : Google + is really , really beta . But so far it 's sufficiently functional , interesting , and engaging for me to want to keep using it . Even better , in my opinion the Google + user interface -- standard and mobile -- is cleaner , more intuitive , more attractive , more user friendly , and less potentially misleading than Facebook 's . Plus , it offers huge potential to connect with all the other Google services I 'm already using : Google calendar , Gmail , Google docs , and more . Will Google + catch on ? Influential tech blogger Robert Scoble doubts that Google + stands much chance of getting adopted by the average Facebook user , and instead will only appeal to the geekier types initially invited . He thinks that would be just great , by the way . I disagree -- and mobile is a big part of why I disagree . Consider this combination of factors : • The opportunity to deeply , even inherently , integrate Google + with Android • Google 's existing array of hugely popular consumer services  mail , docs , calendar , etc. • Google + does n't think too far outside the box -- which was the downfall of Google Wave . It emulates the best functionality from existing popular social media services , but offers in many ways , I think a more user-friendly experience . • Mobile devices are fast becoming the most common way that people access the Internet , worldwide and in the U.S. • At least 200 million people already have Google accounts , based on estimates of active Gmail users -- but the total number of Google account holders is probably much higher So : What would happen if Google suddenly made Google + available to all Google account holders and Android device users ? I 'll bet the folks at Facebook are pretty worried about exactly that possibility right now . And it sounds like maybe they are ... The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	CNN mobile columnist Amy Gahran reviews the Google + app on her Android phone Google + is still very much a "  beta " service with plenty of glitches , mysteries and oddities Gahran : Google + user interface is cleaner , more intuitive , more user friendly than Facebook 's
CNN  -- Top aides to President Obama on Sunday signaled that some U.S. troops could start coming home from Afghanistan as soon as July 2011 , but most would likely remain there for several years . In appearances on all the major talk shows , Cabinet officials and military advisers clarified the president 's position after he walked a political tightrope by announcing he will send 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan and that some will start coming home in 19 months . National Security Adviser Gen. James Jones told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the July 2011 start of withdrawal was "  not a cliff , it 's a ramp " for beginning to turn over security responsibility to Afghan forces . Noting the U.S. strategic interests in the region , including nuclear power Pakistan next door , Jones said : "  We 're going to be in the region for a long time . " Gen. David Petraeus , the head of U.S. Central Command , said on "  FOX News Sunday " that Obama 's strategy "  does n't trigger a rush to the exits , " while Defense Secretary Robert Gates told CBS ' "  Face the Nation " that "  there is n't a deadline . " "  What we have is a specific date on which we will begin transferring responsibility for security district by district , province by province in Afghanistan to the Afghans , " Gates said . The challenge has been to meet the need cited by military leaders for more troops and resources to wipe out terrorist networks in Afghanistan and to help the Afghan government overcome the Taliban insurgency , while satisfying the Democratic Party 's liberal base , which opposes the deployment of more troops . Gates explained the rationale for sending more forces on ABC 's "  This Week , " saying the Afghan-Pakistani border is "  the epicenter of extremist jihad . " "  And al Qaeda has close relationships with the Taliban in Afghanistan , and they have very close relationships with the Taliban in Pakistan , " Gates continued . "  The Taliban in Pakistan have been attacking Pakistani civilians , Pakistani government officials , military officials , trying to destabilize the government of Pakistan . " Any success by the Taliban in either Afghanistan or Pakistan benefits al Qaeda , Gates said , adding that "  any safe haven on either side of the border creates opportunities for them to recruit , get new funds and do operational planning . " "  And what 's more , the Taliban revival in the safe havens in western Pakistan is a lesson to al Qaeda that they can come back , if they are provided the kind of safe haven that the Taliban were , " Gates said . In addition , Gates warned on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " that U.S. casualties "  will probably continue to grow " as troops take on Taliban strongholds . However , Gates rejected a comparison to the Soviet Union 's decision in 1985 to send more troops to bolster its occupation of Afghanistan , which ended in failure less than two years later . "  The parallel just does n't work , " Gates said . "  The reality is the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan . They killed a million Afghans . They made 5 million refugees out of Afghanis . " In addition , he said , the Soviets acted unilaterally , while the U.S.-led mission in Afghanistan involves 42 countries with a mandate from NATO . In Congress , Republicans generally backed Obama 's deployment plan but complained that announcing the start of a withdrawal was a signal to the enemy of a compromised commitment . Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the unsuccessful GOP presidential candidate last year , told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " that a strategy must be flexible to succeed , rather than limited by a set timetable . On "  FOX News Sunday , " Sen. Dick Durbin , the chamber 's second-ranking Democrat , called the July 2011 start of a withdrawal a necessary signal to Afghan President Hamid Karzai . According to Durbin , Obama 's message to Karzai was : "  We 're not going to make Afghanistan a protectorate of the United States . You have to change your government . You have to show that you are willing to stand up and fight for your own country . " "  I think that message is long overdue , " Durbin said .	Obama aides hit Sunday talk shows to discuss nuances of Afghan troop withdrawal National security adviser says July 2011 is "  not a cliff , it 's a ramp " for starting pullout Defense secretary tells CBS "  there is n't a deadline " to get troops out Administration trying to wipe out terrorist network while satisfying liberal base
EW.com  -- What is Jaden Smith 's crime ? Last weekend , the up-and-coming young actor , who will turn 12 this July 8 , starred in a remake of "  The Karate Kid " that audiences flocked to beyond expectation and , from all available evidence , loved . Given that Smith is front and center in more or less every frame of the 2 hour and 20 minute movie  and given that his performance , as a kid who hides his sadness behind a mask of surliness , is to this critic , at least a magnetic and affecting piece of acting  , I hope we can all agree that Jaden Smith 's presence on screen had a little something to do with the movie 's success . Yet Smith 's rise has been greeted , in far too many quarters  including a number of comment boards on ew.com , like the one on my review  , with bitter , gnashing resentment . This 11-year-old really has the haters foaming . Excuse me , but what the heck is going on ? Let 's start with the indisputable fact that Smith got to be in the position he 's in because his father is the biggest movie star on the planet . So where , exactly , should that piece of information lead us ? Should we hate Jaden Smith ? Should we hate Will Smith ? Should we hate every young actor or musician who ever got placed on the map of fame because of his or her parents ?  Take that , Miley Cyrus , Michael Douglas , and Jamie Lee Curtis . Oh , but , of course , the rap on Jaden Smith is that he 's all nepotism and nothing else , that he 's a kind of grouchy preteen Tori Spelling in cornrows . He 's been excoriated as a bad actor  even though , just a few years ago , most viewers had nothing but praise for the appealingly feisty and precocious performance he gave right next to his dad in "  The Pursuit of Happyness "  . He 's been called a brat , a spoiled no-talent , an ungrateful beneficiary of his lineage of stardom . He 's been ripped up and down as "  insufferable " for his appearance last week on "  The Late Show with David Letterman . " I caught up with the Letterman spot a few days after the fact , when the anti-Jaden anger was already at full boil , and so I watched it with particular attention and fascination . Here 's what I saw : Smith , seated opposite Letterman , conducted himself very differently from most child actors . Usually , kids in show business know how to present themselves as cuddly pets . Smith was having none of that . He has a very quick mind , and his responses were fast and a little brusque from the start , he was toying with Letterman , putting him on the spot by giving him a lot less fake-nice , fake-sincere boilerplate chat-show banter than he wanted .  Gee , who in his right mind would want less of that ? It 's something that I 've occasionally seen adults do , and yes , it was a little startling to see a kid this young with a movie to hawk go onto the Letterman show and assume that mock-confrontational , who 's - really-in-charge-here ? stance . But it would n't have worked if it was n't , in its way , a gripping little talk-show performance .  Letterman himself played at being taken back , but also was taken aback ; it 's always a good thing when Dave gets jolted out of his stuffy protective pose , his robo-irony . Bottom line , for me : Smith was cocky as hell on Letterman , but he was also interesting . For eight minutes , he displayed the confidence to be non-ingratiating and , in the process , he seized your attention . He was brash ; he acted like a Hollywood kid who truly had a mind of his own . Perish the thought ! Yet in the online universe of Jaden Hatred , that Letterman appearance played as one thing and one thing only : privilege . And that , on the surface , is what the whole ragging-on-Jaden-Smith phenomenon is really all about the desire to tear down a child who enjoys the perks of celebrity royalty , even though he did n't earn them . And now he 's getting a movie career handed to him ! You can almost taste the class resentment , the jealousy of folks who only wish , deep down , that they 'd gotten such an opportunity themselves and now want to scrawl their rage on Jaden Smith 's image like Perez Hilton going crazy with his Magic Marker . Still , what 's most striking , and perhaps revealing , about this particular outpouring of toxic anger is that Jaden 's famous father , Will Smith , is n't just another big movie star he 's one of the most likable movie stars you could ever imagine . You 'd think that the general feeling about him , the nearly universal good will , would extend to giving the benefit of the doubt to his son . I know that when I watched Jaden Smith in "  The Karate Kid , " the echoes of his father in everything from his cool , appraising glare to the nimble speed of his responses is something I enjoyed like , say , hearing that raspy echo of Bob Dylan in Jakob Dylan 's voice back in the "  One Headlight " days . It 's not as if this sort of situation happens every day ; what would be so wrong with giving the son  or daughter  of fame a break and simply enjoying it ? It 's hard to shake the feeling , though , that too many people are trying to turn Jaden Smith from what he is , which is an insolently charismatic and hard-working young actor , into a focal point of ill will over issues of class , fame , money , and yes , I 'm going to say it race . For let 's be honest : Does n't all the grousing about how Smith is "  arrogant , " etc. , carry a special , ugly tinge of rancor ? Does n't the complaint that he 's too big for his britches come painfully close to saying that he does n't know his place ? What do you think ? Has the anger at Jaden Smith gotten ugly ? What do you believe it 's really about ? And who out there likes him as an actor as much as I do ? Now that he truly does appear to be on his way to stardom , what sort of movie should he do next ? See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jaden Smith 's rise to fame has been greeted with bitter , gnashing resentment The rap on Jaden Smith is that he 's all nepotism and nothing else Many are trying to turn Jaden Smith from what he is into a focal point of ill will
CNN  -- Growing up , Alli Webb always loved having her hair done , and after having children of her own she decided to bring that happy feeling to millions of women worldwide in an instant with her booming business , Drybar . CNN : How did you start out ? W : I 've been doing hair for 17 years off and on since I was in my early 20s . Then I got married and became a stay at home mom , but after five years of that I got the itch to get back out there . I was basically running around town blow drying all my mommy friends and I had this little thriving mobile blow out business . That 's when it kind of hit me that there was no place for women to go for a great blowout in a great space . I was only charging $ 40 to go to a woman 's house which is pretty cheap , but for me is was more about getting out of the house versus the money . CNN : You have 38 stores now , are you still doing blowouts ? W : Not as much as I used to but I do love to come in the shop and do an occasional blowout . With over 2,000 stylists I ca n't do it myself anymore but I train a team that does it so I 'll do a lot of demos for them too , which I love , to get my hands back in hair because I have such a strong passion for hair . CNN : Have you been able to balance your work and personal life ? W : I get asked that question a lot and the honest answer is just it 's hard . I have two little boys , they 're 9 and 7 and they are my whole life . I always say that I do n't think I could be as good as a mom if I was n't happy in the other side of my life and I think that 's really important to keep in mind as a working woman . CNN : Tell us about the core values ? W : We have so many , like "  life is too short to be somewhere lame , " "  pretty is as pretty does , " I heard that my whole life growing up . My parents were very big on ; it does n't matter how pretty you are on the outside , if you 're not pretty on the inside , it does n't matter . Being yourself is one of them , we want our stylists to feel really empowered to be who they are . I 've had stylists ask me if they should cover up their tattoos , and I was like noooo , we want to see them ! I think it 's important for businesses to really establish what makes them different and unique . CNN : Tell us about a typical day for you . W : I get my kids off to school that 's first and foremost , I 'm usually at my office for a little while and I 'm usually based in LA so I try to hit as many LA stores as I can . I like to pop in unannounced and make sure everything is running smoothly but it just kind of depends on the day . CNN : So most days you pop into stores ? W : I try to . I do work in the office a lot too because we have so much going on there but I really try to get out in the field and make surprise visits just so I can see what 's going on , stay connected , get a blowout , whatever . CNN : What happens when you pop in ? W : Sometimes people get a little like uh-oh . I do n't like to announce it because I like to really see what 's happening and typically everyone 's usually in pretty good shape and excited to see me and to show me stuff that 's happening in their store . CNN : Tell us about the services you offer ? W : That was something I felt really strongly about when we started . I 've always had long thick curly hair and people when you typically walk into salons they say well for you it 's gon na be $ 60 but for your friend it 's $ 50 and it felt so discriminatory towards me and I wanted women to feel like there 's no bait and switch , it was $ 40 no matter how long your hair is , if we curl it , flat iron it it 's always gon na be $ 40 . CNN : And the menu ? W : It 's funny when we were coming up with the bar menu , it was so fun naming all the hairstyles after drinks and I thought how fun would it be to be sitting here and say I 'll have the Manhattan or I 'll have the Cosmo . Women really get into it , a lot of chatter on Instagram about you know , what style did you get ? You hear it all the time in our shops , I 'm having the southern comfort or I 'm having a mai tai . It 's all a part of making it an experience and a fun place to hang out . Watch : Pharmacist 's rise to chief exec Discover : Powerful , intimidating , sexy : Do clothes maketh the woman ?	Alli Webb turned her passion for hair into a $ 50 million business Starting off with her friends as clients , she saw a gap in the market She now balances family life with the booming business
CNN  -- Violent protests erupted Friday in Syria , with dozens of people killed in and around the restive city of Daraa and a boy slain in the coastal town of Latakia , reports said . "  The situation in Syria has worsened considerably over the past week , with the use of live ammunition and tear gas by the authorities having resulted in a total of at least 37 people being killed in Daraa , including two children , " said Rupert Colville , a spokesman for the U.N. 's Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights . Among the dead were 15 people who tried to march to Daraa , sources said , and nine others who died when security forces fired on demonstrators in Daraa 's main square , said Wissam Tarif , a human rights activist . There were many casualties in Daraa , said Abdullah , who asked that his full name not be reported due to security concerns . He said he saw Friday 's events in the city , where deadly clashes have taken place in recent days between security forces and protesters . "  Thousands gathered and moved to the governor 's building in Daraa , and there they burned a large picture of Bashar al-Assad , and then they toppled a statue of Hafez al-Assad in the center of the square , " Abdullah said , referring to the current president and his late father , the former president . "  After that , armed men came out from the roof of the officers ' club in front of the governor 's office and started firing at the crowd , " he said . Aman al Aswad , a political dissident , said dozens of people appeared to have been killed or wounded in clashes with security forces in the square , but he could not be precise on the totals . CNN could not independently confirm the accounts as the Syrian government has yet to grant access to the network . Earlier , more than 100,000 people attended an anti-government demonstration in the town , according to Kamal Aswad , a political activist in Daraa . There , people ridiculed recent government pronouncements for reforms and an assertion by government spokeswoman and adviser Bouthaina Shabaan that the country 's president had ordered "  no live bullets " would be used against demonstrators . One witness said the people chanted , "  Bouthaina we do not want your bread , we want dignity ! " He said an "  overwhelming number " of protesters showed up in Daraa to support "  martyrs , " people killed in recent clashes . "  The whole of the city was out in the street to bury the dead and demand that those responsible be tried for their crimes against the people of Daraa , " the witness said . "  We broke the barrier of fear today and the security forces could not touch us . " The witness said the security forces had withdrawn from the center of the city and did n't interfere with the demonstrations , which are stoked by a range of political and economic grievances . This week , a video made by a lawyer who describes himself as secretary general of the Association of Arab tribes and Clans in southern Syria has been circulating on the Internet . In it , Ali Isa al-Obaidi says the tribes that make up the organization have "  declared revolution against the regime , the dictator and his supporters . " It is dated March 21 . "  Dear brave Syrian people , the winds of freedom and change have erupted , " he says . "  After 41 years of the non-legitimate Assad family rule , which included killing , imprisonment , displacement , stealing of money ... the victims of the criminal system number more than 100,000 . The displaced number the same and there are 3 million displaced ... Your duty today is to stand with your country 's people and the revolution . " He says the revolution opposes no particular group , sect , religion or race . "  It is against corruption and the corrupt , no matter what their background , " he says , adding that he represents tribes and clans in Syria that together make up more than half of Syrians . The speaker calls on : -- members of the Baath party -- in which Assad plays a leadership role -- to quit the party ; -- Syria 's military to "  stand by the people and its revolution ; " -- scholars and religious leaders from all sects "  to stand by the revolution and support it ; " -- the nation 's youth "  to demonstrate against the dictator and his supporters and stand by the revolution ; " -- Syrians everywhere to unite in peaceful protest . It was not clear how much influence al-Obaidi holds in the country . The situation in Syria has drawn concern from the international community . The United Nations said Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon spoke by phone with President Assad . And in Washington , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Friday that the U.S. government condemns the outbreak of violence in Syria . "  We are making clear from here and from other places what our position is , " he said . Human Rights Watch , among other groups , said Thursday that around three dozen people were killed in clashes in a 48-hour period . "  Syria 's security forces are showing the same cruel disregard for protesters ' lives as their counterparts in Libya , Tunisia , Egypt , Yemen , and Bahrain , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East and North Africa director at Human Rights Watch . "  President Bashar al-Assad 's talk about reforms does n't mean anything when his security forces are mowing down people who want to talk about them . " The government announced a number of measures that apparently addressed protesters ' demands . Among them are decrees to cut taxes and raise government workers ' salaries by 1,500 Syrian pounds  $ 32.60 US  a month and pledges to provide more press freedoms , increased job opportunities and curbs on government corruption . The government said it will form a committee "  to contact and listen to citizens in Daraa . " It also said it would study lifting the country 's emergency law and adopting new legislation that would license political parties . Syria 's emergency law , which has been in effect since 1963 , allows the government to make preventive arrests and override constitutional and penal code statutes . It also bars detainees who have n't been charged from filing court complaints or from having a lawyer present during interrogations . There were pockets of smaller turnouts in Syria on Friday . State TV showed what it said were pro-government demonstrations in Aleppo and Damascus . The state-run Arab News Agency said its correspondent in Daraa "  reported that the crowds in the spontaneous popular rallies chanted national slogans highly lauding President Assad 's generous decrees and decisions , pledging their loyalty to his excellency and their unity under his leadership in the face of any conspiracy against Syria . " But video also emerged of protests in Hama , where the government violently suppressed an uprising in 1982 . And the state news agency reported that an armed gang attacked security forces in the southern city of Sanamen , which "  resulted in the deaths of several attackers . " Video was posted on YouTube purporting to show the scene of the shooting . It shows hundreds of young men and boys walking down a street , then turning around and running back as gunfire breaks out . Over the course of the 5-minute video , they regroup several times and head down the street only to reverse course at each burst of fresh gunfire . Some of the demonstrators are clumped into groups of about five men each . As they approach the camera , the lens reveals their broken cargo -- some eight gunshot victims in all . One of them holds his fist aloft , another 's limp arm points downward , jostling as he is carried away . Several of them appear drenched in red . Other videos showed young men defacing billboards of the Syrian president and pulling down a statue of the leader . Haytham Manna , a Syrian rights activist from Daraa who lives in France , reported demonstrations in the cities of Raqqa , where there were reports of arrests and injuries , Latakia , and Homs . Tarif said a 13-year-old boy was killed in Latakia after he was beaten by security forces when they tried to break up a demonstration . The teen was from the neighboring village of Jabla . Haitham Maleh , a Syrian human rights lawyer in Damascus , said demonstrators turned out in Deir Al-Zour and were roughed up in Damascus . "  Syria today is like a barrel of gunpowder , and may explode at any moment , " Maleh said . "  What is happening in Syria can not be tolerated anymore . We have been subjected to oppression , domination and suppression by the security authorities and we have unemployment exceeding 30 % , while 60 % of us live below the poverty line . " Maleh 's son , Iyas , said a legal group asked the International Criminal Court to investigate possible crimes against humanity committed by Syrian forces . The group is the Haitham Maleh Foundation for the Defense of Syrian Human Rights Defenders . Because Syria is not a "  state party to the Rome statute , " which established the International Criminal Court , it ca n't typically act on allegations of crimes in Syria . There are two exceptions , however . One would be if the Syrian authorities were to accept the jurisdiction of the court , and the other would be if the U.N. Security Council were to refer the situation to the court . Iyas Maleh said he hopes the Security Council will act . "  If not , then I guess we will have to wait until there is a recognized Syrian transitional government who can sign the Rome statute . " Bashar al-Assad has been president since 2000 , succeeding his father , who ruled Syria with an iron fist for nearly 30 years . The 45-year-old Assad studied to be an ophthalmologist , but became Syria 's heir apparent after the death of his older brother . Assad was elected to a second term as president in 2007 , with 97 % of the vote . When he took office , Assad initially loosened some government restrictions on Syria 's people , but analysts say that he has since slowed -- even reversed -- that move toward political reform . Assad is an Alawite , as are many of Syria 's political elite , while Sunnis make up nearly three quarters of the population . The Alawite faith is an offshoot of Shiite Islam . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Ben Wedeman , Amir Ahmed , Saad Abedine , Mustafa Al-Arab , Christine Theodorou , and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Video purports to show shooting site Accounts surface of at least 37 dead , including 2 children , during past week State-run news agency reports spontaneous pro-government rallies in Daraa Activist says 9 were killed in Daraa 's main square
CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales has put the brakes on a controversial road project through a national park in the Amazon rainforest where indigenous communities live . "  The road project in the indigenous park ... is suspended , " Morales announced Monday , after 41 days of sometimes violent protests . Before the project can proceed , it will have to pass a referendum in Cochabamba and Beni provinces , where the road would be located , according to the president . The announcement came as Morales condemned weekend violence between police and an indigenous group protesting the construction . "  We ... do not share the use of violence and the abuse toward the indigenous brothers who were on the march , " the president said . Some indigenous leaders said a baby was killed , but Morales said there was no evidence to support the claim . "  We do not know of the death of a baby or child ; I hope it did not happen , " the president . said . But Jose Ortiz , leader of the Indigenous from northern La Paz , said "  this attack ... will stay in the memory of all Bolivians . ... We are outraged . " Hundreds of people gathered Monday in the capital , La Paz , to denounce the violence , chanting "  killers , killers , killers " to police . Bienvenido Zacu , the deputy of the Guarayos Indigenous people from Santa Cruz called the violence "  a violation of the human rights , " saying it was the first time he had seen "  this kind of abuse by an Indian government . " Some groups are planning a general strike for Wednesday .	The suspension follows 41 days of protests Violence broke out between demonstrators and police Sunday A referendum is required for the project to restart The road would run through the Amazon rainforest
CNET  -- Symbian and Android will dominate the mobile operating system market by 2014 , research firm Gartner said Friday . Gartner expects that Symbian and Android together will account for 59.8 percent of the total worldwide mobile OS market by 2014 , split almost equally -- Symbian with 30.2 percent , and Android with 29.6 percent . Android is already closing the gap with the market leader . By the end of 2010 , Gartner says , Google 's Android will sneak into second place behind Nokia-backed Symbian with 17.7 percent market share , compared to Symbian 's 40.1 percent . At the end of 2009 , Android OS had just 3.9 percent market share , the research firm reported . Gartner 's predictions do n't bode well for RIM 's BlackBerry OS and Apple 's iOS . Those platforms , which ended 2009 with 19.9 percent and 14.4 percent of the market , respectively , are expected to take the third and fourth spots this year . In fact , Gartner believes RIM will end the year with 17.5 percent market share , while Apple will capture 15.4 percent of the space . Windows Phone will trail far behind with just 4.7 of the market . But by 2014 , when Symbian and Android will be soaring , Gartner expects BlackBerry OS to have just 11.7 percent of the mobile market and iOS to own 14.9 percent . Gartner thinks Symbian will still lead the mobile market in 2014 due to "  Nokia 's volume and the push into more mass-market price points . " Android 's success can be attributed to "  communication service providers ' marketing and vendor support , " Gartner said . The research firm 's findings echo what fellow market researcher IDC announced earlier this week . IDC likewise said that Android OS will take the second spot behind Symbian in 2014 , but it pegged Android 's worldwide market share at 24.6 percent , compared to Symbian 's 32.9 percent . It also believes that Apple 's iOS platform will be lower than Gartner 's predictions , capturing 10.9 percent of the worldwide market in 2014 . RIM 's BlackBerry will have 17.3 percent of the mobile market in 2014 , IDC predicted . Of course , four years is a long time . And things can change . Nowhere is that more evident at the moment than at Nokia . Late Thursday night , the company announced that it is appointing Stephen Elop , president of Microsoft 's Business Division , as its new CEO . Nokia said that Elop will help lead its "  substantial transformation " from a hardware company to a software company . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Symbian and Android will dominate mobile operating system market by 2014 , research firm says Gartner expects two together will account for 59.8 percent of the total mobile OS market Its predictions do n't bode well for RIM 's BlackBerry OS and Apple 's iOS
CNN  -- From his neatly-trimmed goatee to his love of fast cars and flight , it 's not hard to see why Indian industrialist Vijay Mallya is often referred to as his country 's Richard Branson . He 's immensely rich and is frequently photographed at lavish events promoting his Kingfisher brand as a lifestyle choice for India 's younger , mobile middle classes . Like Branson , Mallya 's stable of businesses also includes an airline -- Kingfisher Airlines -- which risks nose-diving into a sea of debt unless the billionaire can cut costs and lighten its loans . On Tuesday , Mallya said recent flight cancellations reflected the airline 's move out of loss-making routes and should not be interpreted as a sign of impending doom , despite a doubling of the airline 's second quarter losses announced earlier in the day . Who is Vijay Mallya ? The fast-living playboy son of one of India 's most successful industrialists was just 28 when he took over the chairmanship of his father 's massive beer company in the early 1980s . "  Everybody thought that I 'd fritter away what I had inherited . But I was determined to prove people wrong , " Mallya told CNN in 2007 . United Breweries is now one of the world 's biggest brewers . It holds about half of the market share for beer in India and claims that every single one of the country 's tens of thousands of beer outlets stocks at least one of its brands . Kingfisher Premium Lager is also sold in 52 countries worldwide . But United Breweries is about much more than beer . As well as Kingfisher Airlines , the holding company includes the world 's biggest spirits group , United Spirits , as well as interests in the fertilizer business , engineering , property and broadcasting . Of all its brands , Kingfisher is the most iconic . It 's the name of a discontinued beer label that the young Vijay stumbled upon when he was going through the UB archives after his father bought the company in 1947 . "  Something excited me about Kingfisher , you know , the bird . I saw color , I saw vibrancy , I saw movement , I saw a bit of cheekiness , you know , the kingfisher sort of fishing , " Mallya said . He revived the beer and later put the bird on the tail of Kingfisher Airlines , which was launched in 2005 and has so far failed to fly into profit . What 's up with the airline ? Results released Tuesday show the airline 's second quarter net loss doubled to 4.69 billion rupees  $ 93 million  . Revenue rose 11 % as the company sought to cut costs , but it was nowhere near enough to deal with the airline 's reported debt of 65 billion rupees  $ 1.3 B  . Anxious investors have been ditching Kingfisher shares , prompting the company to deny on November 11 that it had sought government aid . It admitted it had asked banks to raise its lending limits , but added that "  Kingfisher does not see any risk to its future or long term viability . " Flights have been canceled as the company tries desperately to reduce operating costs inflated by rising fuel prices . The cuts have angered travelers as well as employees whose pay was delayed . Despite soaring costs , Indian airlines have been slashing fares to compete with discount prices offered by state-owned Air India . Kingfisher has also invested heavily in the future , ordering five Airbus A380s , the first of which is due to be delivered in 2016 . Is it just Kingfisher ? Despite a huge rise in the number of Indians taking to the skies , the extra traffic has failed to translate into profits . Private airlines are engaged in a price war with Air India , which is being propped up by government funds . Air India is reported to have asked for another 65 billion rupees  $ 1.3 B  in federal aid , and to have agreed with lenders to cut its annual interest payments by 13 billion rupees , according to Bloomberg . Jet Airways is also reported to be seeking to raise up to $ 350 million from the sale and leaseback of aircraft this quarter and other asset sales , according to Daily News & Analysis . The industry 's struggles come despite impressive figures for passenger growth . According to the Centre for Aviation , India had the fastest growing domestic airline market as of September 2011 , recording year-on-year growth of 18.4 % . Strong growth is expected to continue as the country 's young population becomes wealthier and takes advantage of the fierce competition for their cash . Outside India , high fuel prices are also taking their toll on the global airline industry . The International Air Transport Association expects the industry to make just $ 4 billion profit in 2011 , down 78 % from the figure of $ 18 billion recorded in 2010 . What does Kingfisher plan to do ? Hours after announcing the second quarter loss , Mallya again insisted the company was not seeking a government bailout . "  We have never done it , we will never do it , " he said . He said the company had asked its lenders to help with its short-term capital needs and for concessions on interest repayments . Quoting UB Group 's chief financial officer , The Economic Times reported that the airline would launch a rights issue of up to 20 billion rupees  $ 398M  sometime before March 2013 . As one of India 's richest men , Mallya has plenty of financial clout behind him . As well as dominating the drinks industry , he 's a familiar face in the world of sport . He sponsors India 's Formula 1 team , Force India , and owns a cricket team in the Indian Premier League . His garages house some 200 vintage cars and he owns the luxury UB City shopping mall in Bangalore , which is filled with top-notch Western brands including Jimmy Choo , Louis Vuitton and Gucci . It 's on a street named after Vijay 's father , Vittal Mallya Road . Further down the street , you 'll find Kingfisher Towers , "  a super luxury residential project " boasting 75 flats and a rooftop helipad . The troubles at Kingfisher Airlines mark a low point for the flamboyant billionaire , who is often referred to as the "  King of Good Times " . It remains to be seen whether Mallya 's airline can ride out these rough times and stay in the air . Mallya certainly believes it can .	Vijay Mallya is often referred to as India 's Richard Branson Empire includes brewery business , airline , F1 and cricket teams Kingfisher Airlines is struggling under mountain of debt Indian airlines plagued by high fuel prices , aggressive discounting
CNN  -- The sun had not risen yet on that February day in 1986 when Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier 's eight-vehicle motorcade of luxury cars and jeeps arrived at the Port-au-Prince airport , then named for his father . Surrounded by soldiers and about 100 journalists who came to witness the end of an era in Haiti , the dictator boarded a United States Air Force C-141 jet along with his glamorous wife , Michele Bennet , their two children and 20 friends and servants . Also on the plane that day were trunks of designer clothes , gold , jewels and priceless art . What could not be seen was the hundreds of millions of dollars Haitian officials accused the Duvalier clan of stealing from state coffers . The pillaging of Haiti 's national treasury now lies at the heart of legal action against Duvalier , who stunned the world by returning to Haiti this week from some 25 years of quiet exile in France . Some lawyers who have been following the Duvalier money trail for years were flabbergasted that such a man was able to enter Haiti legally , that he was not arrested right away . "  I do n't know how a criminal like him goes free , " said Enrico Monfrini , a Switzerland-based lawyer who has been representing the Haitian government in a long and drawn out legal battle over Duvalier 's cash . Duvalier reportedly lost a chunk of his wealth when he and Bennet divorced , but the family still has $ 5.7 million in assets in a frozen bank account in Switzerland that belongs to a family foundation . Now , a Swiss law enacted specifically to help repatriate stolen funds from failing states may help return the Duvalier money to Haiti , said Daniel Thelesklaf , executive director of the International Centre for Asset Recovery in Switzerland . "  I am optimistic there will be a decision by the end of the year , " he said . The law , which goes into effect February 1 , was enacted to help Switzerland overcome existing hurdles with states that have no mutual legal assistance partnership with Switzerland or with troubled nations that are incapable of dealing with such issues , according to the Swiss Foreign Ministry . For a judge order restitution , a government must prove a discrepancy between the wealth of a "  politically exposed person " and his or her earnings , along with high levels of corruption in that country . "  They managed to draft this law very quickly , " Monfrini said , adding that legal proceedings in Haiti would not affect efforts at restitution . He said $ 5.7 million is not a large amount compared to what Duvalier allegedly stole , but morally , repatriation of the money would be a huge victory . But not a complete one until Duvalier is made to stand trial for his alleged crimes , said human rights lawyer Mario Joseph , who has worked in Haiti on building the legal case against Duvalier . Joseph said no one in Haiti ever imagined that Duvalier would return to face charges . His presence in the country has enabled the court to reopen a 2008 case against the strongman , he said . But Duvalier 's lawyer , Reynold Georges , expressed confidence Wednesday that Haitian authorities have little evidence to press charges . Duvalier , said Georges , would not only remain a free man but he could decide to return to politics . Georges later told CNN that Duvalier had given "  all that money " to charity for Haitian relief after the earthquake . "  I do n't know if the Swiss bank transferred that money already , so I do n't have any details on that , " Georges said , "  but I guarantee you that that has been done . " Dismayed by the thought of the return of a brutal dictator , Monfrini pressed upon Haiti 's justice system to prevail , and for the courts not to forget what Duvalier pledged in the aftermath of Haiti 's devastating 2010 earthquake . He expressed "  complete solidarity " with those who were suffering in "  these hours of great national distress " and called on Swiss authorities to transfer all of the money from his foundation to the American Red Cross for the relief effort . Monfrini doubted Duvalier 's sincerity but not the new Swiss law . "  This money will go back to Haiti for sure , " he said . "  It will never go back to Duvalier . "	NEW : Duvalier 's lawyer says "  all that money " has been given for Haitian relief A new Swiss law will ease repatriation of funds A government lawyer in Haiti says the money will never go back to Duvalier Jean-Claude Duvalier may be charged in Haiti for pillaging state coffers
CNN  -- Autopsy results on former Los Angeles police officer Christopher Dorner show he died from a single gunshot wound to the head that was likely self-inflicted , authorities said Friday . The renegade cop killed four people and wounded three others as part of a vendetta against his former comrades , before apparently taking his own life . "  While we 're still compiling the information and putting our reports together , the information that we have right now seems to indicate that the wound that took Christopher Dorner 's life was self-inflicted , " Capt. Kevin Lacy , with the San Bernardino County Sheriff-Coroner Department , told reporters . Speaking at the same news conference , Sheriff John McMahon revealed that Dorner likely hid for days just steps from their command center in the Big Bear Lake area . Authorities to decide fate of Dorner reward money Investigators began scouring the mountains for Dorner on February 7 , when they found his scorched pickup . Police , sheriff 's deputies and federal agents worked through a weekend blizzard , but the trail was cold for days . It picked up again on Tuesday , when Karen and Jim Reynolds , upon returning to their home across the street from the command center , came across a man who looked like Dorner . The sheriff said authorities now believe that Dorner had entered the Reynolds ' unlocked home , locked the door , and hid there for days . In fact , when deputies knocked on the Reynolds ' door on February 7 , Dorner was likely inside , McMahon said . "  In hindsight , it 's probably a good thing that he did not answer based on his actions before and after that event , " he said . Ex-girlfriend : Dorner was stressed out , bottled up Also Friday , Sgt. Travis Newport said that authorities have recovered various items from the places and vehicles Dorner occupied , including assault weapons and semi-automatic handguns . They also found high-capacity magazines , tear gas , a military-style helmet and 10 silencers . The developments came three days after a shootout , standoff and fire at a cabin in the mountains east of Los Angeles . Dorner 's remains were identified through dental records . Dorner was fired from the Los Angeles Police Department in 2009 for falsely accusing his training officer of kicking a subdued suspect . After unsuccessfully challenging his dismissal in court , police say , he launched a campaign of guerrilla warfare against the LAPD , targeting numerous officers involved in his case and their families . Dorner was cornered and died Tuesday afternoon in the San Bernardino Mountains , about 100 miles east of the city he had once sworn to protect and serve . The 33-year-old former Navy officer holed up in the cabin after a shootout with law enforcement that left a sheriff 's deputy dead and another wounded , McMahon said . The cabin caught fire when police shot tear gas canisters into it , McMahon told reporters this week . Although the canisters included pyrotechnic tear gas , which generates heat , "  We did not intentionally burn that cabin down , " he said Friday , echoing earlier comments he 's made on the case . In a manifesto announcing his planned rampage , Dorner said nothing had changed in the LAPD since its scandals of the 1990s , the Rodney King beating and the Rampart police corruption case . Those allegations have struck a chord with some who say Dorner was seeking justice . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Former cop likely hid for days just steps from a command center Authorities recover various assault weapons and tear gas Initial reports suggest Dorner took his own life He died Tuesday in the mountains east of Los Angeles
"  I have five days to recover from surgery and look good before my husband gets home . " Marina , a 60-year-old Caucasian woman , sits before me to sign the consent forms for her upcoming operations : a 3-D face-lift , upper and lower eyelid lifts and an endoscopic brow lift . I see on her information sheet that she has n't authorized us to discuss her surgeries with anyone else -- not even her husband . "  So you 're not telling him about all these procedures ? " "  Not unless I have to . You do n't know him . He would n't understand , and he would n't want me to spend all this money , especially on something he thinks is frivolous . So that 's why I need to look good before he gets back . We 've got five days , Dr. Youn . " Cosmetic surgery has become a new form of infidelity -- for both men and women . As the number of people having plastic surgery rises , more and more feel the need to hide their procedures from their significant others . In fact , we did a survey of cosmetic patients in my office and found that one-third do n't tell their partners about their treatments . Hard to believe ? While surgery can be difficult to hide , especially large operations with dramatic changes such as tummy tucks and face-lifts , less-invasive procedures such as Botox and filler injections are n't as hard to conceal . Body modification -- or mutilation ? The first step many patients take is to hide how much they 're spending . According to the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery , the average cost of Botox is $ 392 , and the average cost of Juvederm is $ 675 -- pretty hefty amounts to cover up . So how do they do it ? Some patients pay with cash . Others split it up and pay half in cash , half in credit . Many of my patients have a certain threshold that they can spend on their credit card before their partner notices the individual charge . This amount usually ranges between $ 100 and $ 400 . Often the patient will spend up to that amount on a credit card , then pay the rest in cash . Other patients spread small amounts over several credit cards . Timing the procedure strategically is another way people hide their cosmetic treatments . Many patients , like Marina , have their surgeries done while their spouses are out of town . They use this alone time to recover , so that when their spouses return , they 're none the wiser . For less-invasive treatments , such as lasers and injections , many patients have the procedures performed on days when their partners have plans after work . This way , they have all night to let the swelling subside . When their spouse sees them the next day , they look normal again . You do n't want a jack-of-all-trades surgeon Some women also take advantage of the fact that their men just are n't that perceptive . Men are notoriously bad at noticing changes in their spouses . In fact , a 2004 study in the Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin found that women are much better than men at remembering appearances . I am as bad as any . It can take me days to notice that my wife has changed her hair . So what happened with Marina ? She underwent all four surgeries , with the hope that she 'd look good enough five days later to prevent her husband from noticing the dramatic changes in her face . She stopped by the office to see me several hours before her husband was to return home . Marina was a hot mess . Her eyes looked like she went 10 rounds with Mike Tyson , her neck was taut as a pair of Spanx , and her lips resembled two Vienna sausages . "  Wow , Marina . You 're still quite puffy and bruised , but give it another week or two and you 'll look fantastic , " I told her . "  However , I 'm not sure your plan to hide your plastic surgery from your husband is going to work . " "  Dr. Youn , " she deadpanned . "  You do n't know my husband . " He never figured it out .	Cosmetic surgery has become a new form of infidelity , plastic surgeon says Dr. Anthony Youn says a third of patients in his office do n't tell their partners about treatment Many patients hide how much they 're spending , Youn also says
CNN  -- Oklahoma authorities are determining whether two bodies found Monday are those of a murder suspect and his wife 's missing 7-year-old daughter , a spokeswoman for investigators said . The bodies and a car authorities said was used in the kidnapping of the girl were found in a heavily wooded area in Norman , outside Oklahoma City , said Jessica Brown , spokeswoman for the Oklahoma Bureau of Investigation . Lester Williams Hobbs , 46 , was charged in the death of his estranged wife , Tonya , and the kidnapping of her daughter , Aja Daniell Johnson . Hobbs and the girl have been missing since January . Brown said the bodies are those of an adult and child , but positive identification has not been made due to decomposition . "  There 's no reason to believe it 's not " Hobbs and the child , she said . The medical examiner will attempt to identify the bodies using Hobbs ' fingerprints and Johnson 's dental records , Brown said . The cause of death was unknown , though a note found near the car described what happened , she added . The details of the note were not released . The car had been left in the woods for several weeks , possible a month , Brown said . The search for Hobbs and Johnson took investigators through Oklahoma and Texas . Lester Hobbs is not Johnson 's biological father and has an extensive criminal history , police say . Johnson 's biological father was awarded emergency custody of her in November , according to Oklahoma County District Court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KWTV of Oklahoma City . At a hearing , Tonya Hobbs -- identified as Tonya Dunkin in the documents -- and the girl 's father , John Johnson , agreed that she would have supervised visitation with the girl and that she would keep the child away from Lester Hobbs , the documents said .	Lester Williams Hobbs suspected in death of wife and kidnapping of her daughter Hobbs and 7-year-old Aja Daniell Johnson missing since January Two bodies found in car in Norman , Oklahoma , on Monday Car thought to be the one used in suspected kidnapping
Editor 's note : The following story about "  The Reader , " by necessity , contains spoilers . If you 'd rather not know about the plot , stop reading now . Kate Winslet and David Cross star in "  The Reader , " which has received criticism from some quarters . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- One major contender 's chances at Oscar gold may be damaged due to its sensitive subject matter . "  The Reader , " which is up for five Oscars -- including best actress  for star Kate Winslet  and best picture -- is being slammed by "  Explaining Hitler " author Ron Rosenbaum , who 's asked Academy members to shun the post-World War II drama because the film "  asks us to empathize with an unrepentant mass murderer . " Rosenbaum , who wrote his commentary for Slate.com , said that 's not his only reason . "  It gives the impression that ordinary German people only learned the terrible things that happened in the death camps in the East after the war , " he said in an interview with CNN . "  In fact , ordinary German people participated in Hitler 's final solution , the extermination of the Jews -- it was no secret . " Read Rosenbaum 's essay Based on the German book with the same title , "  The Reader " stars Winslet as Hanna Schmitz , a former Nazi prison guard living in postwar Germany . She meets and has a secretive affair with teenager Michael Berg  David Cross  , who often reads aloud to her at her request . Unbeknownst to Michael , Hanna is illiterate . Their affair ends abruptly when she mysteriously disappears . Eight years later , Michael is a law student . One day , while observing Nazi war criminals on trial , he 's shocked to find Hanna as a defendant in the courtroom . The court finds her guilty of killing 300 Jewish women during the war and sentences her to life in prison . While behind bars , Michael sends her books on tape , which , over time , help Hanna finally learn to read . Therein lies the problem for Rosenbaum . "  What essentially it did , " said Rosenbaum , "  was celebrate the enrichment of a life of a mass murderer when she learned how to read . ... Imagine if there were a film about Charles Manson learning how to play chess and what a better guy it made him . " However , others in the Jewish community are applauding the film , including Ken Jacobson , deputy national director of the Anti-Defamation League . Jacobson says "  The Reader " opens itself up to criticism , but is worthy of an Oscar at the same time . "  I think it conveys a series of messages that actually are very powerful about the Holocaust , and it 's not in the usual way , " Jacobson told CNN . "  As time goes on , as we have Holocaust deniers emerging more and more , we need people to be able to relate personally to what happened , " said Jacobson . "  I think this film does this in a very powerful way . " The Weinstein Company , the studio behind "  The Reader , " says it is proud of the film . "  It is sad that some people misinterpreted the film 's message , " the company said in a statement . "  It is not about the Holocaust , " the company added , "  it is about what Germany did to itself and its future generations . " Will Rosenbaum 's piece , and the backlash he touched off , affect "  The Reader 's " Oscar chances Sunday ? Entertainment reporter Tom O'Neil , who follows awards shows for the Los Angeles Times ' TheEnvelope.com , does n't think so . Given "  The Reader 's " five nominations , he believes Hollywood has already embraced the film . "  Oscar has taken special notice of ` The Reader ' because it 's not just your average Holocaust movie , " said O'Neil . "  It does n't beg for forgiveness when dealing with Nazis . It makes you think . " Still , Rosenbaum says any further accolades for the drama would be unfortunate . "  I would be very disappointed in the intelligence level of Hollywood if it gave the best picture award to ` The Reader , ' " he said .	Plot of "  The Reader " involves a former Nazi prison guard Film is up for five Oscars , including best picture and best actress Author says film asks audiences to "  empathize with ... mass murderer "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II has become a YouTube hit after apparently losing her temper with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi during a photocall for G-20 leaders . Just after this photo was taken , the Queen , center , appears to get annoyed with Silvio Berlusconi . The queen joined the G-20 leaders for an official photo to mark the summit . After the photo is taken , Berlusconi can be heard yelling : "  Mr Obama , " at the U.S. president in an attempt to get his attention . The noise appears to rile the queen who turns in Berlusconi 's direction , shrugs her shoulders and says : "  What is it ? Why does he have to shout ? " A Buckingham Palace spokeswoman Friday rejected suggestions the queen was annoyed with Berlusconi . She told the British Press Association the reception was "  warm and friendly " and said everyone involved was good-natured . "  It was loud and jolly and very jovial , there were no gaffes and no offense taken . " Italian media have labeled the incident another Berlusconi gaffe . Berlusconi is renowned for his gaffes . In November he described Obama as "  handsome and suntanned . " He was also forced to issue an apology to his wife , Veronica Lario , in 2007 after she read reports of him approaching several women at an awards dinner and declaring : "  If I was n't married , I would marry you straight away . " Lario received the apology after sending a letter criticizing her husband to a newspaper in which she said his behavior was "  unacceptable " and "  damaging to my dignity . "	Queen Elizabeth a YouTube hit after apparently losing her temper with Berlusconi Italian prime minister 's attempt to attract Barack Obama 's attention riles Queen She appears to shrug at him and asks why he has to make so much noise
CNN  -- Mohammed Alshaya owns more high street brands than most fashion addicts could stuff in their closets . Mohammed Alshaya , CEO of Alshaya 's retail division , tells MME he sees a new mindset in the Gulf Topshop , Coast , NEXT and River Island are just some of the big names he 's imported from the United Kingdom to shopping centers in the Middle East . As chief executive of M.H. Alshaya , he knows what sells : tried and tested Western brands that will appeal to local shoppers . And his empire is not limited to clothing . In the past month , he 's taken Mothercare and The Body Shop to Central Eastern Europe . With the addition of the Czech Republic , Hungary and Slovakia , M.H. Alshaya now operates in 16 markets including Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Qatar , Oman , Lebanon , Jordan , Egypt , Cyprus , Turkey , Poland and Russia . John Defterios spoke with Mohammed Alshaya , and started by asking him for his thoughts on the Gulf Cooperation Council  GCC  plans for a single currency . JD  : I would imagine as a retail operation you 'd be a huge proponent of a single currency within the GCC . Is it realistic within the next 4 to 5 years ? MA  : I think it can be , as long as there is a will of the leaders to get together and decide . It is a huge leap towards efficiency , conciliation , getting closer between the six countries . One single Central Bank that governs and regulates is much better than the current six , I believe . JD  : Have you ever done any calculations of what impact it would have on your back office operations ? MA  : Not yet , but it will be great , I think . JD  : You 're one of the largest retail operations throughout the Arabian Peninsula . With all this growth that we 're seeing right now , it must have a direct impact on the retail sector . What sort of annual growth are you experiencing ? MA  : We 're experiencing close to 25 percent annual growth , if not 30 percent in some cases , like in Dubai . JD  : Do you have any sort of concerns that this is going to be a bubble like the 1970s where the money was not deployed correctly ? It seems different from my vantage point , do you share that view ? MA  : There is a new generation of people from the region that are leading businesses and strong leadership in the government that have mitigated any concern . And if you see now the statistics , the Gulf is the seventh largest economy in the world . In ten , in 15 years time , it will be the fifth . So I see a new mindset , a new attitude . JD  : One of the other things I wanted to ask you about is your moves into other countries . The Alshaya group is very well known throughout the Arabian Peninsula , but you 're moving into other markets , into Eastern Europe , specifically into Russia . Do you have the expertise to go into these markets ? MA  : Well , yes . We have the expertise , and the expertise is by really retaining good management , and traveling with them into new markets . I 'm not going to open shops myself . We have a very strong team in Russia ; Russians that are taking our investment into good projects like Starbucks which we opened two months ago , two stores . We acquired a business there . So we have plans like Mothercare , Bodyshop , NEXT . JD  : So you can basically move this group into any city and have that potpourri of offers ? MA  : We have the software . We have the software to launch the retail portfolio into a new market . JD  : Obviously you 're a family business . You feel quite strongly about preserving culture and the family structure , and the need for family businesses to create jobs , because they represent 75 percent of all turnover in the Gulf . MA  : We have a social responsibility toward our people . We have to make sure we have jobs for them if the government is not going to compete , and is going to take away some of the people who would be relevant to our business . Another issue that might challenge us to do that is the wealth creation -- whether  potential employees  would be attracted to be in a department store selling or in a coffee shop making coffee -- that , we will see . E-mail to a friend	MME speaks with Mohammed Alshaya , CEO of M.H. Alshaya 's retail division Retail division seeing annual growth of 25 percent , up to 30 percent in Dubai Group taking Starbucks , Mothercare , Body Shop into Eastern Europe , Russia On GCC single currency : It is a huge leap towards efficiency , conciliation
At least 1,700 military veterans waiting to see a doctor were never scheduled for an appointment and were never placed on a wait list at the Veterans Affairs medical center in Phoenix , raising the question of just how many may have been "  forgotten or lost " in the system , according to a preliminary report made public Wednesday . Describing a "  systemic " practice of manipulating appointments and wait lists at the Phoenix Health Care System , the VA 's Office of Inspector General called for a nationwide review to determine whether veterans at other locations were falling through the cracks . It also appears to indicate the scope of the inquiry is rapidly widening , with 42 VA medical centers across the country now under investigation for possible abuse of scheduling practices , according to the report . Among the findings at the Phoenix VA , investigators determined one consequence of manipulating appointments for the veterans was understating patient wait times -- a factor considered for VA employee bonuses and raises , the report said . The preliminary report sparked outrage from all corners , with Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki calling the findings "  reprehensible " and ordering the 1,700 veterans be immediately "  triaged " for care , while some lawmakers called for the agency 's chief to resign . Shinseki has been on "  probation " since President Barack Obama vowed last week to hold accountable those responsible for the delays , and he remains on "  thin ice " with the President pending the outcome of the internal investigations , a White House official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN . The VA is under fire over allegations of alarming shortcomings at its medical facilities . The controversy , as CNN first reported , involves delayed care with potentially fatal consequences in possibly dozens of cases . CNN has reported that in Phoenix , the VA used fraudulent record-keeping -- including an alleged secret list -- that covered up excessive waiting periods for veterans , some of whom died in the process . ` Numerous allegations ' The big questions remain under investigation , according to the report : Did the facility 's electronic wait list omit the names of veterans waiting for care and , if so , at who 's direction ? And were the deaths of any of these veterans related to delays in care ? "  To date our work has substantiated serious conditions at the Phoenix facility , " said the report , which also found another 1,400 veterans were on the Phoenix VA 's formal electronic wait list but did not have a doctor 's appointment . The report also found "  numerous allegations " of "  daily of mismanagement , inappropriate hiring decisions , sexual harassment , and bullying behavior by mid - and senior-level managers . " Calling the report 's initial findings "  damning , " House Veterans ' Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller , R-Florida , said "  you can only imagine " what might come out once a fuller investigation is completed . The investigation is expected to be completed later this summer , with a final report issued by the VA inspector general in August . The report 's findings prompted the American Legion to call for a criminal investigation . "  We want every VA employee who participated in these cover-ups to be investigated and prosecuted to the full extent of the law ... " the veterans group said in a written statement . The U.S. Department of Justice is reviewing the interim report , Peter Carr , a Justice Department spokesman , said . "  We will continue to consult with the inspector general 's office regarding their ongoing review , " he said . Document : VA audit report released Calls for Shinseki 's resignation Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican , told CNN it was "  about time " the Justice Department launched its own investigation . "  I have n't said this before , but I think it 's time for Gen. Shinseki to move on , " McCain said . There have been calls from other members of Congress for him to step down over the scandal , but McCain 's voice on military matters carries enormous weight considering his experience as a combat veteran , a Vietnam prisoner of war , and his work in the Senate on related issues . Shinseki finds himself in a firestorm A number of Senate Democrats , all up for re-election this year , also called for Shinseki to leave his post . Among them was Sen. Mark Udall of Colorado who took to Twitter with his message : "  In light of IG report & systemic issues at @DeptVetAffairs , Sec . Shinseki must step down . " Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota said a change in leadership is needed . "  I believe it would be in the best interest of veterans for Secretary Shinseki to step down , " he said . Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire said "  fundamental problems plague the agency . " "  It 's time for a forceful new leader to address the outrageous problems at the VA , " she said . Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken told CNN that President Barack Obama has been briefed on the report , and found it "  deeply troubling . " When pressed on whether Obama still supports Shinseki , Blinken said : "  We 're focused on making sure these veterans who 've delivered for this country get the care they need . " IG : ` Take immediate action ' The VA has acknowledged 23 deaths nationwide due to delayed care . The VA 's inspector general , Richard Griffin , told a Senate committee in recent weeks that his investigation so far had found a possible 17 deaths of veterans waiting for care in Phoenix , but he added that there was no evidence that excessive waiting was the reason . Griffin recommended that Shinseki "  take immediate action " to "  review and provide appropriate health care " to the 1,700 veterans identified in Phoenix as not being on a wait list . It also recommended that he initiate a nationwide review of waiting lists "  to ensure that veterans are seen in an appropriate time , given their clinical condition . " The report came just hours before the start of a combative House committee hearing on the Phoenix VA issues , where Republican and Democratic leaders said they were dissatisfied with the VA 's response to their panel 's subpoena for documents on shortcomings related at the agency 's Phoenix medical center . "  Veterans died . Give us the answers , please , " Jeff Miller , a Florida Republican , told one of three senior VA officials called to testify . The committee 's senior Democrat , Michael Michaud of Maine , was equally sharp with the witnesses , who initially sparred with lawmakers over the agency 's response for documents before answering questions about Phoenix . "  Let me be clear , I 'm not happy . We do expect answers . We 'll get to the bottom of this , " Michaud said . Dr. Thomas Lynch , the VA 's assistant deputy under secretary for clinical operations , told the committee there are plans in place to contact the 1,700 veterans in Phoenix by the close of business on Friday to assess their needs and get them care . Lynch , who said he agreed with the interim report 's findings , believes that overarching agency goals for reducing wait times for care are flawed . "  What 's happened is unacceptable , " he said . VA pledges faster appointments The VA 's troubled history	A veterans group demands a criminal investigation of medical center practices 1,700 veterans will be contacted by the end of business Friday , a VA official says VA Secretary Eric Shinseki is on " thin ice " with Obama , a White House official says The scope widens , with 42 medical centers now under investigation
Atlanta  CNN  The daughter of the late singer Whitney Houston , in a medically induced coma after being found unresponsive in January , has been moved to a rehabilitation facility , a source close to the family said Friday . Bobbi Kristina Brown , 22 , had been treated at Emory University Hospital . No details about the transfer to a rehab facility were given . Brown , Houston 's daughter with singer Bobby Brown , was found unresponsive January 31 in a bathtub at her home in the Atlanta suburb of Roswell . The extent of her injuries is n't known . Last month , doctors at Emory removed her breathing tube , allowing Brown to be ventilated through a hole in her throat . At the time , CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta said the procedure suggested she would need to be on such support for "  weeks and months to come . " Police have said they are treating Brown 's case as a criminal investigation . When Houston died in 2012 , she was also found in a bathtub . A coroner ruled her death an accidental drowning , with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors . Brown is Houston 's only child . Brown 's boyfriend , Nick Gordon , says he performed CPR after finding Brown in the tub . Gordon has complained that Brown 's family has not allowed him to see her , but Bobby Brown said last month that Gordon simply refused to abide by the family 's terms for a visit . CNN 's Sunny Hostin contributed to this report .	Brown has been in a medically induced coma She was found unresponsive in a bathtub in January The extent of her injuries is n't known
CNN  -- Key West 's historic Duval Street reopened Monday morning after a fire swept through a building housing three well-known businesses and temporarily shut down other popular spots on the island city 's main street . A fire broke out late Sunday night on Duval Street in Key West . The fire , which started at about 10:30 p.m. Sunday and was contained by 1 a.m. Monday , wiped out a crepe shop , an art gallery and a sign shop . Two firefighters suffered minor injuries , city spokeswoman Alyson Crean said . The fire department was working Monday to determine the cause of the blaze , Crean said . Singer Jimmy Buffet 's Margaritaville restaurant and store was one of the businesses initially shut down , halting late-night festivities at the popular watering hole in mid-pour . "  I was hoping to go back in , finish off my shift and clean up , but they would n't let us back in , " said waitress Patricija Hambrook . "  It became bigger than we thought . "  We could n't close out checks , and the drinks we made were never served . " Margaritaville 's restaurant reopened Monday afternoon , and its adjacent retail store reopened a few hours later , the fire department said . In addition to protecting Margaritaville , firefighters kept flames away from the historic San Carlos theater , although the facility 's administrator said that a large broken out window and about 2 inches of water on the floor of the lobby would keep it closed for a few days . Alex Pascual said he anticipated the theater would reopen by Thursday , in time for a concert scheduled for that evening . The San Carlos was founded in 1871 and was the site of Cuban patriot Jose Marti 's 1892 speech launching his drive for Cuban independence . Fire officials initially shut down Duval Street to vehicular traffic but allowed pedestrians to stroll the sidewalks . Traffic restrictions prompted some business owners to be concerned about their livelihoods , at least for the short term . Robert Porter , assistant manager of Crazy Shirts , was concerned early Monday "  because there are n't any cars driving through . " But Banana Republic general manager Darren Paugh said the foot traffic and onlookers curious to see the aftermath of the fire "  should increase business for the day . " Plus , he said , three cruise ships were in port Monday morning . And Crean indicated life for tourists wo n't stop in Key West because of the fire . "  We have a lot of spring breakers on vacation and bikers coming from Bike Week in Daytona , " Crean said . All the concern proved unfounded when officials reopened Duval Street at about 10 a.m. Monday morning . For the owners of the three businesses that took the brunt of the fire , however , it will be some time before it 's business as usual . "  It 's a big loss for us . And we worked so hard , it 's not fair , " said La Creperie Cafe owner Yolande Findlay in a story published on the Keynoter newspaper 's Web site Monday . Findlay , according to the paper 's Web site , opened the popular crepe shop with her partner , Sylvie Lenouail , six years ago . Both are from Brittany , France . The American Royal Art gallery , which specialized in entertainment art , and the sign shop Montage were destroyed in the fire .	Historic Duval Street initially opened only to pedestrians Several businesses damaged late Sunday night The fire department is working to determine the cause of the blaze
ArsTechnica  -- Amazon has clarified that the next generation of its 3G Kindle , the Kindle Touch 3G , will not be able to browse the Internet without a WiFi connection . Users will still be able to use 3G to sync book and document purchases , but anything beyond Wikipedia will be off-limits . Browsing was  and still is  an experimental feature on the last iteration of the Kindle , now known as the Kindle Keyboard 3G . The experiment appears to have failed as far as Amazon is concerned , as it will restrict the 3G access of the Kindle Touch 3G to browsing Wikipedia and downloading books and periodicals . The Kindle Touch 3G 's webpage does not directly note this restriction , stating only that it has "  free 3G wireless " that "  works globally , " but a post in the official Amazon forums states that "  experimental web browsing  outside of Wikipedia  on Kindle Touch 3G is only available over WiFi . " Since Amazon subsidizes all Kindle owners ' 3G use , the company may have determined the model is n't cost-effective enough to support the use of the entire Internet . The 3G version of the Kindle Touch with special offers costs $ 149 , 50 percent more than the $ 99 WiFi version , so this restriction may make the jump from WiFi to 3G much harder for customers to justify when both models become available November 21 . The announcement does n't affect the new Kindle Fire announced last week and due for launch November 15 , since it is WiFi-only . The Kindle Keyboard 3G , while it is still available , will continue to have unfettered Internet access through the experimental browser . We asked Amazon for confirmation of this policy , but have not received a response as of yet . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	The new Kindle Touch 3G will have limited access to the Internet The 3G version of the Kindle Touch with special offers costs $ 149 The Kindle Keyboard 3G will continue to have unfettered Internet access
Grunge and glam rock are among the genres that got the nod from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as it announced its inductees for 2014 . The final choices , announced Tuesday , include angst-ridden alternative rockers Nirvana and big-haired , makeup-slathered pop metal band KISS . They are joined by blue-eyed-soul hitmakers Hall and Oates , experimental artist Peter Gabriel , pop star Linda Ronstadt and folk singer Cat Stevens . Between them , the new inductees boast an impressive array of chart success and critical plaudits . Hall and Oates , Gabriel and Ronstadt have all hit No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot 100 singles chart . Ronstadt , Nirvana and KISS have each sold more than 20 million albums . The legacy of Nirvana , who almost unwittingly brought grunge into the mainstream in the early 1990s , has been described as "  one of the most influential in rock & roll history , " by Allmusic.com 's Stephen Thomas Erlewine . The group 's sound -- "  both fiery and melodic , " per Erlewine -- proved irresistible to many rock fans , most notably with the breakthrough album "  Nevermind . " But the band 's story is shrouded in sadness after lead singer Kurt Cobain , who suffered from depression and drug addiction , killed himself in 1994 . Gabriel , the winner of multiple Grammy Awards , has been acclaimed for exploring electronic and world music in his varied solo career . Genesis , the progressive rock group he led in the 1970s , was already inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2010 . KISS may have received mixed responses from the critics during its 1970s heyday . But the extravagantly outfitted group built a roaring fan base called the "  KISS Army " on the back of incessant touring , pyrotechnic stage shows and several hit albums . Hard rock fans may be less impressed by the gentler sounds of some of the other inductees . Ronstadt , who emerged from the Los Angeles folk scene in the late 1960s , went on to have a glittering career that spanned a variety of styles , including country , new wave and Latin music . She won a raft of Grammy Awards and sold at least 30 million albums . Earlier this year , she told AARP that she was suffering from Parkinson 's disease and could no longer "  sing a note . " British singer-songwriter Cat Stevens crafted a string of popular songs for himself and others throughout the 1970s . With hits like "  Wild World " and "  Peace Train , " he became a leading figure in the folk-rock scene of that era and has sold more than 15 million albums . In 1977 , he made headlines by converting to Islam and changing his name to Yusuf Islam . He stepped away from the limelight of the music business for more than 20 years , before eventually returning to touring and recording . Daryl Hall and John Oates peppered the charts with hits during the 1970s and '80s , chalking up six number one singles and six platinum albums . The popularity of their blend of smooth R&B and punchy rock made them one of the most successful pop duos of all time , selling more than 13 million albums . The artists ' induction ceremony into the Hall of Fame will take place April 10 at Barclays Center in Brooklyn , New York . Fans were able to participate in the selection of the inductees through voting . The top five artists from online public voting made it onto a "  fans ' ballot " that was tallied along with the other ballots for the Class of 2014 . The inductees were chosen by a secret ballot of 600 voters , a group that includes previous inductees , music industry veterans , historians and critics . Of the five artists on the fans ' ballot , three made the final cut of inductees , the Hall of Fame said . Some popular acts listed among the 16 nominees in October failed to find their way into the Hall of Fame this time around . Those who missed out include disco dynamos Chic , college radio heroes the Replacements , New Orleans funkmeisters the Meters and pioneering gangsta rappers N.W.A. . Last year 's class of inductees included Rush , Randy Newman , Public Enemy , Donna Summer and Quincy Jones . Alongside the six acts in the performer category for 2014 , the work of Beatles manager Brian Epstein and Rolling Stones manager Andrew Loog Oldham were selected for the Ahmet Ertegun Award , which recognizes recording industry professionals "  who have had a major influence on the development of rock and roll . " The Hall of Fame chose Bruce Springsteen 's backup group The E Street Band for the Award for Musical Excellence . Springsteen was inducted in 1999 .	The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame picks six performers as 2014 inductees They are Nirvana , KISS , Linda Ronstadt , Peter Gabriel , Hall and Oates and Cat Stevens The induction ceremony will take place this April in New York Brian Epstein , Andrew Loog Oldham and The E Street Band also will receive honors
CNN  -- Conan O'Brien suggested in a statement Tuesday that he will not accept NBC 's proposal to move him and "  The Tonight Show , " which he 's hosted for seven months , to 12:05 a.m. ET . NBC has proposed moving "  The Tonight Show " from its traditional 11:35 p.m. slot so that the show 's former host , Jay Leno , could host a half-hour show then . "  My staff and I have worked unbelievably hard and we are very proud of our contribution to the legacy of ` The Tonight Show . ' But I can not participate in what I honestly believe is its destruction , " O'Brien said . "  Some people will make the argument that with DVRs and the Internet a time slot does n't matter . But with the Tonight Show , I believe nothing could matter more . "  There has been speculation about my going to another network but , to set the record straight , I currently have no other offer and honestly have no idea what happens next . My hope is that NBC and I can resolve this quickly so that my staff , crew , and I can do a show we can be proud of , for a company that values our work . " Read O'Brien 's full statement After Leno left "  The Tonight Show " last year -- as part of an agreement reached six years ago giving it to O'Brien -- he began hosting "  The Jay Leno Show " for NBC in the fall , airing at 10 p.m. ET . But ratings for the 10 p.m. show were low , and on Sunday , NBC announced that it was taking Leno out of the prime-time slot because the show "  did n't meet affiliates ' needs " despite performing at acceptable levels for the network . The last show will air February 11 to make way for the 2010 Winter Olympics , which airs starting February 12 . Jeff Gaspin , chairman of NBC Universal Television Entertainment , said the plan was for Leno to host a new , half-hour show at 11:35 p.m. ET , followed by "  Tonight " with O'Brien at 12:05 a.m. and Jimmy Fallon 's "  Late Night " show moving to 1 a.m. . As of Sunday , NBC was still negotiating with the three hosts over the proposed lineup . iReport : Share your view on the late-night shakeup O'Brien , in his statement Tuesday , said the plan was n't acceptable . "  For 60 years the ` Tonight Show ' has aired immediately following the late local news . I sincerely believe that delaying ` The Tonight Show ' into the next day to accommodate another comedy program will seriously damage what I consider to be the greatest franchise in the history of broadcasting , " O'Brien said . " ` The Tonight Show ' at 12:05 simply is n't ` The Tonight Show . ' "  Also , if I accept this move I will be knocking the ` Late Night ' show , which I inherited from David Letterman and passed on to Jimmy Fallon , out of its long-held time slot . That would hurt the other NBC franchise that I love , and it would be unfair to Jimmy . " Fox 's president of entertainment , Kevin Reilly , told reporters on Monday that his network may be interested in O'Brien should he leave "  Tonight . " "  I love him , " Reilly said at the Television Critics Association press tour in Pasadena , California . "  It 's a very compatible fit for our brand . He is one of the few guys in the planet who has demonstrated he can do one of these shows every night . " In monologues on their respective shows on Monday , Leno and O'Brien had zingers about the looming shakeup . "  NBC said the show performed exactly as they expected it would and then canceled us . Do n't confuse this -LSB- with -RSB- when we were on at late night and performed better than expected and they canceled us . That was totally different , " Leno quipped . O'Brien had the following to say on his show Monday : -- "  Good evening , I 'm Conan O'Brien , the new host of ` Last Call with Carson Daly . ' " -- "  This weekend no one was seriously hurt , but a 6.5 earthquake hit California . The earthquake was so powerful that it knocked Jay Leno 's show from 10:00 to 11:35 . " -- "  On the positive side , I have learned a valuable lesson from all this : Never sign a contract that ends with the word ` NOT . ' "	Conan O'Brien : Moving ` Tonight Show ' would damage greatest franchise in TV history O'Brien says he wants resolution with NBC quickly O'Brien says he has no offers from other networks on the table Fox 's president of entertainment has expressed interest in O'Brien
CNN  -- North Korea 's state news agency reported Friday that the country 's Internet servers are subject to daily "  intensive and persistent virus attacks " that the government blames on "  hostile forces " including the United States . "  It is nobody 's secret that the U.S. and the South Korean puppet regime are massively bolstering up cyberforces in a bid to intensify the subversive activities and sabotages against the DPRK , " according to the official KCNA report . " ... They are seriously mistaken if they think they can quell the DPRK 's voices of justice through such base acts . The U.S. and its allies should be held wholly accountable for the ensuing consequences . " North Korea has been under intense international pressure since its third nuclear test earlier this year , which spurred the U.N. Security Council to approve tough new sanctions . Pyongyang threatened a possible "  pre-emptive nuclear attack " earlier this month , and the official news agency reeled off agreements with South Korea that it said would no longer apply . Among them are its non-agression pacts with the South , which helped bring the Korean War to a close in 1953 . Official : Cyberattacks , North Korea , jihadists groups top U.S. threats Experts on the region and U.S. officials said the recent frenzy of ominous language from North Korea under its leader Kim Jong Un makes the situation on the Korean Peninsula more worrying and unpredictable . On Tuesday , U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper testified to Congress that North Korea 's development of a nuclear weapons program poses a "  serious threat . " While calling the developments "  disturbing , " KCNA 's report Friday did not specify what damage -- if any -- the alleged cyberattacks had done in North Korea . It promised that Pyongyang "  will never remain a passive onlooker , " though it did n't indicate what the country might do about any cyberattack . U.S. Army Gen. James Thurman , commander of U.S. Forces Korea , said last spring that North Korea had its own "  growing cyberwarfare capability . " In a statement before a congressional hearing , he said such attacks "  have been increasingly employed against a variety of targets , including military , governmental , educations , and commercial institutions . "	North Korea is facing daily "  intensive and persistent virus attacks , " state news reports It blames "  the U.S. and the South Korean puppet regime " for such cyberattacks North Korea has bristled under international pressure since its third nuclear test
CNN  -- A profanity-laced video of middle school students in upstate New York verbally abusing a bus monitor is sparking an outpouring of support as strangers worldwide rally to her side . Students taunted Karen Klein , 68 , with a stream of profanity , insults , jeers and physical ridicule . Some boys demanded to know her address , saying they wanted to come to her house and steal from her . One comment from a boy aboard the bus was especially painful , she said . He told her that she does not have family because "  they all killed themselves because they did n't want to be near you . " Klein 's eldest son took his own life 10 years ago , according to CNN affiliate WHAM . The bullying continued unabated for about 10 minutes in the video , as a giggling student jabbed Klein 's arm with a book and made fun of her weight . Recorded by a student with a cell phone camera Monday , the brazen bullying went viral and spurred international outrage . When a bullied kid grows up The incident occurred in Greece , New York , near Rochester . Klein is a bus monitor for the Greece Central School District , and the harassers hail from a district middle school . In an interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Klein said children misbehaved occasionally , but Monday 's incident was unlike any other she had experienced . Despite the incident , she said she does not believe her harassers are bad kids . "  Not deep down . But when they get together , things happen , " she said . As the intimidation unfolded , she tried to disregard the harassment and did n't hear everything that was uttered , she said . But she said it hurt deeply . At one point , she said , she told two children , "  I am a person , too . I should n't be treated this way . " Klein said she kept looking out of the window , counting down the seconds to when the students would get off the bus . "  It was one of those things , I did n't know what to do , " she said . No charges have been filed because Klein has decided she does not want to press criminal charges , according to Greece Police Capt. Steve Chatterton . He stressed that the investigation is continuing and the bus monitor could change her mind . "  I 've gotten e-mails from the United Kingdom  and  from all over the United States saying prosecute , prosecute , " Chatterton said . "  I feel it . I feel it . But we have to follow the law . We ca n't tailor the law to meet this case because of public outrage . " The police captain said the four students pinpointed in the video , all of them seventh-graders , spoke to police voluntarily and without lawyers present . Outrageous moments caught on camera "  As one father put it , his son is sitting back , waiting for his punishment , " Chatterton said . "  No one has denied accountability and they 've taken responsibility for their actions . " CNN 's "  AC360 " received statements from two of the accused middle schoolers and the father of a third student apologizing for their behavior . "  When I saw the video , I was disgusted and could not believe I did that , " one boy named Josh said . "  I am sorry for being so mean and I will never treat anyone this way again . " A teen named Wesley said he regretted his actions and "  would be really mad " if someone had done the same to a family member . "  If your friend says to bully somebody , please do n't do it , " said the father of Luis , another of the seventh-graders . " We apologize to Ms. Klein . We 're deeply sorry . " The video prompted an outpouring of support and a fundraiser by international crowd-funding website indiegogo.com that had gathered nearly $ 600,000 by Friday . Max Sidorov , who started the fundraising campaign , said the video struck a chord with him because he is a bullying victim and the first thing that popped into his mind was to raise money to get her away from the environment . "  I had no idea I was going to raise anywhere near this amount . I thought maybe a few thousand , " Sidorov said from Toronto . "  Maybe to send her somewhere nice . But this is enough for her to retire . " Southwest planned to provide Klein and nine others with an all-expense paid trip to Disneyland in Southern California . Klein said the outpouring of support is overwhelming . "  I do n't feel like I 've done anything , " she said after learning of the Southwest offer on CNN . "  It 's awesome . " The school district said its bullying team and the local police are conducting an investigation . "  We have discovered other similar videos on YouTube and are working to identify all of the students involved , " the school district said . Teen says bullies beat him , sues New York schools It did not elaborate on whether the additional videos are related to Klein 's case , though school officials say they were all apparently posted by the same user . "  While we can not comment on specific student discipline , we can say that students found to be involved will face strong disciplinary action , " the school district said . The students and their family members have received death threats , according to Chatterton . "  We have custody of one of their cell phones , and he had over 1,000 missed calls and 1,000 text messages threatening him . And he is a 13-year-old , " the police captain said . "  That must stop . " Klein said she 's not pushing for criminal charges , but wants the boys to be punished . She suggested a few disciplinary actions -- such as a ban from the bus and athletic activities or community service . But most of all , the grandmother of eight said she hopes this is the end of it . "  I want to make sure that they never do this again , to anybody , " she said . What would you do with a mean kid ? Got ta watch : Teacher turns table on bully CNN 's Stephanie Gallman , Darrell Calhoun and Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	NEW : Two accused boys and the father of a third one apologize and express regret NEW : "  When I saw the video , I was disgusted and could not believe I did that , " one boy says Funds pour in for the grandmother of eight Klein does not want to press criminal charges , police official says
CNN  -- Four days , 12 stages , 175 acts , 700 acres of land -- the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival is thriving in its tenth year . Having been deemed America 's Glastonbury by the music industry -- the highest accolade in the festival world -- Bonnaroo will attract more than 80,000 people to Manchester , Tennessee , beginning Thursday . The small city , between Nashville and Chattanooga , has been home to the festival since its summer 2002 debut . It 's hard to believe the all-encompassing music festival came to be from an office in a New Orleans dive bar called Snake and Jake 's . "  Very humble beginnings , " Bonnaroo and Superfly Presents co-founder Jonathan Mayers said . Since then , the festival has evolved into a complete musical experience : Drawing from indie rock , hip-hop , jazz , bluegrass and more , today , a more mainstream Bonnaroo continues to honor the spirit the festival was founded on a decade ago , Mayers added . Jessica Robertson , the managing editor of MTVHive.com , says Superfly and AC Entertainment , the production and marketing teams behind Bonnaroo , achieve the perfect balance by featuring headliners like Eminem and Bonnaroo veteran Widespread Panic alongside jam bands like String Cheese Incident and the legendary classic rockers that make up Buffalo Springfield . Some people might criticize the mainstream shift , but , Mayers says , "  If we just kept doing the same thing , we probably would n't be relevant right now . " And with tickets costing about $ 240 , it 's important that Bonnaroo maintain its relevance -- especially in a time when people are wary of paying full price for individual shows . "  So much music today is experienced on a computer screen that it 's really great to get out and experience it , " Robertson said . People are used to listening to an eclectic mix of artists and styles on their portable media players , which is why the musical sampling that Bonnaroo offers is so appreciated . In addition to featuring different types of music and countless activities -- from yoga classes to the use of a 175-foot-long inflatable water slide -- festivals are considered to be a great value for the average concert-goer . "  Festivals have been one of the few bright spots in the music industry in the past few years , " said Doree Shafrir , RollingStone.com 's senior editor . With a silent disco , a comedy theater , cinema , Wi-Fi and restaurants covering Manchester 's grounds , the relatively unknown city is transformed into a unique destination . For festival-goers , it 's not uncommon for people to have completely different experiences during the course of the long weekend . And it 's not just for the attendees . Many artists would rather perform in front of thousands of people , interacting with other talent rather than playing a solo show , Shafrir said "  You 're isolated when you 're on tour , going from city to city , " she added . "  At a festival , you can interact with other artists , be inspired by them and feed off the crowd . " Location , Robertson said , is another seller for the festival . It 's centrally located and easy to get to . That could be why other festivals , such as Rothbury , which was held in the Michigan village of the same name , struggled to stay afloat . Meanwhile , the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival , which takes place in Indio , California , is doing so well , it recently added another weekend to its 2012 schedule . Perhaps a festival 's true test of success is measured by how good it tastes . As a result of a partnership between Ben and Jerry 's and the Bonnaroo festival , the ice cream company created Bonnaroo Buzz , a light coffee and malt ice cream , which made its national debut this year . While Bonnaroo certainly thrives on the extras it offers festival-goers , as well as its diverse musical acts , Mayers says the festival 's charm and success really come down to community . "  People are here , living on site , " he said . "  They 're building a true community . People are totally immersed in it . There 's no TV , or hotel to go back to . ... It creates a whole different environment and live experience that you ca n't replicate . " And it 's constantly evolving . "  Music is just the entry point for this platform for all arts -- for people to be creative , " he added . In the future , Bonnaroo , which Mayers calls his "  huge , never-ending art project , " will probably engage the audience even more and become a platform for people to get involved .	Bonnaroo will bring more than 80,000 people to Manchester , Tennessee The festival becomes a unique destination with a comedy theater , cinema and more Ben and Jerry 's created Bonnaroo Buzz , a light coffee and malt ice cream
CNN  -- Six people , including three children , were killed when their plane crashed into rugged mountains east of Phoenix on a Thanksgiving eve trip , authorities said Thursday . Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu identified the dead as a father and his three children , plus two other men . All were Arizona residents and knew each other well , he said . The twin-engine Rockwell 690A airplane slammed into a steep cliff near the top of the Superstition Mountains at 6:31 p.m. on Wednesday , strewing debris for hundreds of yards down the 80-degree incline , Babeu told reporters . Recovery efforts by more than 50 deputies and volunteers involved collect and preserving the remains , the sheriff said . "  No one could survive that crash , " he said . The plane had flown from Safford to Mesa , where it picked up the siblings -- ages 9 , 8 and 6 -- for the Thanksgiving holiday , Babeu said . "  All of these families are just obviously heartbroken , traumatized over the loss of their loved ones so suddenly here on Thanksgiving , " he said . Federal officials were expected to begin their investigation as soon as Thursday , according to Babeu . A man who said he witnessed the impact told CNN that a mushroom cloud of flames lit up the evening sky . Kevin Cunningham , 44 , of Apache Junction , said he was talking on the phone from his back porch and saw the crash a few miles away . "  The flames lit up the mountain , " said Cunningham , adding the plane appeared to be flying level before the crash . "  I did n't see where it was in distress . " CNN 's Phil Gast and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : The dead include three children on a Thanksgiving trip with their father NEW : "  No one could survive that crash , " the local sheriff says A resident says he saw a mushroom cloud of flames
CNN  -- Embattled New York Gov. David Paterson vowed Sunday he wo n't give in to White House pressure to drop out of next year 's election , insisting , "  I am not failing to stand up for my party . " New York Gov. David Paterson , right , with President Obama last week in Albany , New York . The nation 's first legally blind governor is facing approval ratings dipping below 20 percent . "  I 'm blind but I 'm not oblivious , " he said Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  I realize that there are people who do n't want me to run . " Last Sunday , The New York Times reported that the White House was urging Paterson to withdraw . The White House neither confirmed nor denied that to CNN . But informed sources told CNN that White House political director Patrick Gaspard met with Paterson to let him know about the administration 's concerns he could not win the governor 's race next year . That loss could affect races down-ticket , including the Senate seat now held by Kirsten Gillibrand . "  I have spent a whole life being told I could n't do things . I was told by guidance counselors I should n't go to college , " Paterson said on Sunday . "  I was told when I was minority leader of the Senate that we could n't win the majority . We won eight seats in four years and won the majority . " The governor also noted that a court this week upheld his appointment of a lieutenant governor , disproving those who said it would not be upheld . The message to him , Paterson said , "  was that you do n't give up . " In the NBC interview , Paterson left his descriptions vague about discussions with the White House , saying he would not detail "  confidential conversations . " He said "  the president has never told me not to run for governor " and that he 's "  never gotten an explicit indication authorized from the White House that I should n't run . " "  They certainly sent a message that they have concerns . And I appreciate that , " he said . He acknowledged that it has been "  a difficult week . " Asked about his wife 's remarks to the New York Post that he had been "  stunned " by the message from the White House , Paterson responded , "  Michelle is very protective of me . I do n't know that I was stunned . " "  I am not failing to stand up for my party -- I fight for the priorities of my party , " he said , adding that he is "  fighting for the people of the state of New York . ... So I 'm not going to run away from a fight when I know who I 'm fighting for . " Throughout the interview , Paterson cited the economic crisis and his need to cut $ 30 billion in spending . He said the cuts have brought on "  a hail of criticism " from special interests , "  and that is what accounts for the low poll numbers . " One of only two African-American governors , Paterson said he does not believe race has been a factor in the poll numbers . Paterson was lieutenant governor when a scandal led to then-Gov . Eliot Spitzer 's departure from the office in March 2008 .	David Paterson 's approval ratings are below 20 percent ; he met Obama last week It 's been reported that White House urged him not to run for re-election in 2010 "  I realize that there are people who do n't want me to run , " Paterson says Sunday If Paterson loses , it could adversely affect down-ticket races
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta is acknowledging publicly the key role a Pakistani doctor who assisted the United States ahead of the strike on Osama bin Laden 's compound last May that killed the terrorism mastermind . The doctor who provided key information ought to be released , Panetta told CBS 's "  60 Minutes " in a segment set to air Sunday . "  I 'm very concerned about what the Pakistanis did with this individual , " Panetta told CBS . "  This was an individual who in fact helped provide intelligence that was very helpful with regards to this operation . And he was not in any way treasonous towards Pakistan . " Dr. Shakeel Afridi helped the CIA use a vaccination campaign to collect DNA samples from residents of bin Laden 's to verify the terror leader 's presence there . Pakistan , which expressed its anger over the raid without consulting Pakistani authorities , has charged Afridi with treason . "  Pakistan and the United States have a common cause here against terrorism , have a common cause against al Qaeda , " Panetta said . "  And for them to take this kind of action against somebody who was helping to go after terrorism , I just think is a real mistake on their part . " Panetta said Pakistan can discipline Afridi in whatever manner it deems appropriate but the doctor should be released . Many analysts felt U.S. officials had kept quiet about Afridi so as to not implicate him . Panetta also told CBS that he remains convinced that someone in authority in Pakistan knew that bin Laden was hiding in the city of Abbottabad , a largely military community outside the capital , Islamabad . He said there were intelligence reports of Pakistani helicopters passing over the bin Laden compound . He also questioned why the Pakistanis would not notice the vast complex with 18-foot walls . "  So you would have thought that somebody would have asked the question , ` What the hell 's going on there ? ' " Panetta said . "  I personally have always felt that somebody must have had some sense of what was happening at this compound . " Panetta said the United States chose not to inform Pakistan of the raid due to security concerns . "  We had seen some military helicopters actually going over this compound . And for that reason , it concerned us that , if we , in fact , brought  Pakistan  into it , that they might ... give bin Laden a heads up . "	Defense chief Leon Panetta talks about the Osama bin Laden raid on "  60 Minutes " He says the doctor who helped get evidence should be released The Pakistanis accused Shakeel Afridi of treason Panetta says the Pakistanis must have known bin Laden was hiding out
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday -- the eve of Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's inauguration for a second term -- that now is a "  critical moment " for Afghanistan , because Karzai has a "  clear window " to demonstrate what kind of government he will lead . Speaking to staff members at the U.S. Embassy , Clinton said there is a careful and thoughtful review of U.S. policy going on "  because we know this is a turning point . " "  We want to be a strong partner to people of Afghanistan , " she said , "  and to the government . " Clinton met with embassy staff before meeting with U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry and Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan . Afterward , she had dinner with Karzai . The two , flanked by their senior aides , met at a second-floor reception room at Karzai 's palace . They spoke about Clinton 's travel schedule and about the planning for Karzai 's Thursday inauguration . They also spoke about the difficulty in accommodating all the Afghans who want to attend the ceremony . The government expects about 800 people to attend in all ; some will have to stand . Clinton 's attendance at the inauguration will show U.S. support for Karzai 's government after an election that was tainted by fraudulent balloting . Karzai is under intense international pressure to clean up corruption within his government , and Clinton was to deliver a tough message on the need to show results , a senior U.S. official tells CNN . The senior U.S. official , who is not authorized to speak publicly about details of Clinton 's meeting with Karzai , said the Obama administration already is discussing with the Karzai government specific "  benchmarks " that will require Afghan ministries to be certified as "  open and transparent " if they are to receive direct payments from the U.S. government . If ministries are not certified as open and transparent , they can continue to receive technical assistance , but not direct U.S. funding , the official says . If the assessments determine that the ministry needs additional specific technical assistance to be certified , the U.S. will provide it . Clinton 's first visit to Afghanistan as secretary of state comes as President Obama is deciding whether to send up to 40,000 more troops to Afghanistan , as requested by McChrystal . A major factor in Obama 's decision on how many troops to send to Afghanistan centers on the Afghan government 's ability to partner with the United States to fight the Taliban . In the past several weeks , Eikenberry has sent two cables to Washington expressing reservations about troop increases amid lingering concerns about Karzai and the uncertainty about the government he will put in place . On Sunday , Clinton said she had "  made it clear " that the United States wo n't provide civilian aid to Afghanistan 's government agencies without an effective certification process that shows the money will be spent on its intended purposes . "  We believe that President Karzai and his government can do better , " Clinton said on the ABC broadcast "  This Week , " adding that Obama 's administration was "  looking for tangible evidence " that the Karzai administration would be more responsive to the needs of the Afghan people . She cited the need for the Karzai government to crack down on fraud and "  demonstrate there 's not impunity for those who are corrupt . " The senior U.S. official says the United States has certified departments in the Ministries of Public Health , Communications and Finance to receive direct U.S. government assistance . During the next three months , he says , it will assess the Ministries of Education ; Agriculture , Irrigation , and Livestock ; and Rural Rehabilitation and Development . Two assessments will be carried out -- financial and procurement -- at each ministry . If those assessments determine that the procurement , financial , and expenditure systems are adequate , the U.S. will certify them as having the capacity to accept direct assistance . The Afghan government already has announced it is creating a commission that will investigate allegations of corruption . It also says it will create a tribunal in the Justice Ministry that will prosecute corruption cases that the commission has investigated . This U.S. official says the United States is not trying to "  hector , lecture or look over the shoulder " of the Afghan government , but it does want to make sure U.S. tax dollars are spent wisely . The U.S. , he says , "  wants an Afghan-led process to fight corruption . " Clinton told the NBC program "  Meet the Press " on Sunday that the primary U.S. mission in Afghanistan is defeating al Qaeda , rather than making a long-term commitment to rebuild the country . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	U.S. policy under review because "  this is a turning point , " she tells U.S. Embassy staff Clinton meets with U.S. ambassador , military commander in Afghanistan Clinton will attend President Hamid Karzai 's inauguration for second term Karzai under pressure to clean up corruption in government
A German court has thrown out a case against a former SS member accused of participating in the massacre of 642 residents of a French village during World War II . The 89-year-old had been accused of murdering 25 people and aiding the murder of several hundred others at Oradour-sur-Glane in central France on June 10 , 1944 . According to the indictment , troops surrounded the village before rounding up all the residents in the town square and separating the men from the women and children . The men were shot in four barns , which were then burned down . The women and children were imprisoned in a church into which explosives and hand grenades were thrown . Troops then set that building alight , killing any survivors of the initial attack . There was no doubt that members of the man 's Panzer regiment had killed the Oradour-sur-Glane residents and burned down the village , the Cologne Regional Court said in a statement Tuesday . But the court said it was unlikely the case against the pensioner , named by local media only as Werner C. , would have been provable . Demonstrating he had been present in the village on the day of the massacre would not on its own have been enough to prove the charges against him , it said . Oradour-sur-Glane Mayor Philippe Lacroix told CNN the decision would be appealed . "  We need to go through with the lawsuit for the families . Time does not excuse the crime , " he said . "  Germany has worked hard to ensure that the trial takes place , and we hope it will succeed . " Radio France International quoted prosecutor Andreas Brendel as saying he was "  surprised " by the Cologne court 's decision , despite evidence in such cases being "  extremely thin . " The ruins of Oradour-sur-Glane have been preserved as a monument to those killed there . The village 's Centre de la Memoire , or Memory Center , says 300,000 people visit the "  martyr village " annually .	A court has thrown out a case against a man accused of taking part in a massacre in France SS troops killed 642 residents in the village of Oradour-sur-Glane in June 1944 Cologne Regional Court said there was no doubt the massacre occurred But it said that it was unlikely the case against the pensioner , 89 , would be provable
Washington  CNN  -- A 9-year-old boy 's request to have "  Israel " listed as the place of birth on his U.S. passport was met with wariness by the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday . Menachem Zivotofsky was born in Jerusalem , a disputed region in the eyes of the Obama administration , which argued in court the larger issue should be resolved by bilateral negotiations , not by a 2002 federal law favoring the family and 50,000 other Americans born in the holy city . The case is a classic fight between congressional and executive authority , with foreign policy the source of the current controversy . While the justices appeared ready to rule against the Zivotofskys , they also indicated concern about the president having either near-absolute control or a weaker influence over diplomatic and international relations , with many on the bench suggesting a middle-ground approach sure to displease both sides . Justice Anthony Kennedy expressed concern that the congressionally-approved law giving Americans the discretion to change "  Jerusalem " on current passports to "  Israel " offers a "  cramped " view of the president 's power to conduct foreign policy amid undue congressional interference . But Justice Sonia Sotomayor worried whether the president "  was entitled to ignore Congress " in the international arena , suggesting it was an "  unsettling " idea . At issue are two questions , one narrow , one broad : Can courts intervene to enforce a federal law explicitly directing the State Department how to record the birthplace of an American citizen on a passport ? And does the law impermissibly infringe on the president 's power to recognize a foreign sovereign ? "  There have been 50,000 Americans in the last 10 years that were born in Jerusalem , and many of them would like to have Israel indicated as their place of birth in the passports , " said Sarah Cleveland , a Columbia University Law School professor , and until recently a counselor on international law at the State Department . "  But this is also an extremely important geopolitical issue and a very sensitive foreign relations issue for the United States . " The high court case is Zivotofsky v. Clinton , but the key player in this dispute is perhaps the most famous city in the world , and one of the oldest human settlements still in existence : Jerusalem . Its name translates as "  City of Peace " to some , "  Holy Sanctuary " to others . It is Israel 's largest city and its capital , though that is not recognized by the United Nations and most of the world community . The city is home to Ari and Naomi Zivotofsky . The couple and their two oldest children were born in the United States , but the family migrated to West Jerusalem a decade ago , and in 2002 the youngest , Menachem Binyamin was born . "  We 're very proud of the fact that he was born in Israel and that we live in Israel and it 's the modern state of Israel , " Ari Zivotofsky told CNN Correspondent Kate Bolduan . "  Religiously and historically , that 's very significant . " The family attended the court session and were cautiously optimistic they would prevail . Just three weeks before Menachem was born , the United States Congress gave U.S. citizens born in Jerusalem the individual discretion to ask that Israel be listed on passports and consular reports , where it says "  Place of Birth . " President George W. Bush signed the bill , but issued an executive "  signing statement " indicating he would not comply . That law , and the Zivotofsky 's long-standing request were at the center of the 70-minute argument . Justice Antonin Scalia wondered whether the court should be involved in a dispute between the other two branches of federal government . "  It seems to me you are not arguing for a co-equal congressional power , you are arguing for a superior congressional power , " he told the Zivotofsky 's lawyer Nathan Lewin . "  You are saying whatever Congress says , the president has to comply with . Now , that 's quite different from saying that they both have authority in the field . And if they both have authority in the field and they are exercising it in different fashions , I frankly would not be inclined to intervene . " Sotomayor took another approach . "  What happens if there is a peace accord tomorrow , and Israel gives up any claim to sovereignty over Jerusalem ? Is the president free to stop listing Israel on the passport ? Or does he have to wait for Congress to change the law ? " "  I think he does have to wait for Congress to change the law , " replied Lewin . "  So you are hobbling the president with respect to situations that occur frequently , as happened in Egypt , sometimes overnight . " A popular uprising there and nearby Libya resulted in two longstanding regimes being overthrown , which the Obama administration both supported and tentatively recognized as the new ruling authorities . Donald Verrilli , the Justice Department 's new solicitor general , offered a sweeping view of presidential power in his argument to the court . "  Under the Constitution that is an exercise of the Executive 's exclusive recognition power , " he said . "  The Constitution commits that power exclusively to the executive and neither a court nor the Congress can override that judgment . " Several on the bench offered their doubts . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg somewhat skeptically wondered whether the court should be held back from answering the broader question of presidential authority . "  Why not all the way ? I mean , if the  Supreme  Court decides that the Constitution commits this authority exclusively to the president , then it 's all over , " she said . "  That 's the merits of the case : Does the president have this authority ? " Justice Samuel Alito added it would depend on the kind of authority asserted . "  If the question is whether the president has exclusive authority with respect to the formal recognition of a foreign country , that might be one thing , " he said . "  But what if the question is whether the president has exclusive jurisdiction -- plenary authority , unreviewable authority -- with respect to anything that the president thinks has a bearing on the question of recognition ? " The tone of his question suggested he thought the government was reaching too far . Verrilli said the government was not taking that power that far , but said courts should give "  a very significant measure of deference " to the White House and State Department . Scalia hypothesized whether Congress could try and block the president from recognizing a breakaway province of a foreign sovereign , which could prompt a U.S. war with that country . Even if the president were "  foolish " to do so -- in Scalia 's words -- Verrilli said that was still the president 's prerogative . "  Our cases say repeatedly that the president is the sole instrument of the United States for the conduct of foreign policy , but to be the sole instrument and to determine the foreign policy are two quite different things , " said Scalia . "  But it does n't necessarily mean that the president determines everything in foreign policy ... there is certainly room ... for saying that Congress can say what the country 's instrument is supposed to do . " This case is the first substantive look at a president 's "  inherent " authority since a series of cases over the Bush administration 's war on terror since the 9/11 attacks , and the power to detain suspected "  enemy combatants . " Several high court rulings restricted the military 's authority to detain suspected terrorists without access to federal courts to contest their overseas imprisonment . A ruling in the Zivotofsky appeal is expected sometime before June . The case is Zivotofsky v. Clinton  10-699  .	The Supreme Court is wary on a passport question People born in Jerusalem ca n't list Israel as their place of birth The city is claimed by both Israelis and Palestinians
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libya will hold elections in the coming months as the war-torn country works toward building a new society in the post-Moammar Gadhafi era , interim government officials announced Saturday . Mahmoud Jibril , chairman of the National Transitional Council executive board , said elections "  should be within a period of eight months , maximum . " He spoke at the World Economic Forum in Jordan . The first vote will be for a National Congress that will draft a constitution . After that , parliamentary and presidential elections will be held . Gadhafi 's death Thursday solidified the power of the NTC , which will mark the country 's liberation on Sunday in the eastern city of Benghazi , where the uprising started . NATO , which launched an operation to protect Libyan citizens against the Gadhafi regime during the Libyan war , plans to ends its operations by October 31 . Speaking in his weekly address Saturday , Obama said Gadhafi 's death "  showed that our role in protecting the Libyan people , and helping them break free from a tyrant , was the right thing to do . " "  Our brave pilots and crews helped prevent a massacre , save countless lives , and give the Libyan people the chance to prevail . Without putting a single U.S. service member on the ground , we achieved our objectives . Soon , our NATO mission will come to a successful end even as we continue to support the Libyan people , and people across the Arab world , who seek a democratic future . " Questions persist about what would happen to Gadhafi 's body . His family issued a statement Friday calling on the United Nations and Amnesty International to push Libya 's new leadership "  to hand over the bodies of the martyrs of their tribe so they can be buried according to Islamic rites , " a pro-Gadhafi TV station reported . Gadhafi 's body was on public display Saturday at a Misrata meat market cooler . Queues of people lined up to view the corpse , which appeared to have a bullet hole on the left temple . Libyan and world powers wanted to capture Gadhafi and prosecute him for war crimes . The U.N. human rights office and activist groups like Amnesty and Human Rights Watch have called for probe into his death amid questions over the final moments of the late Libyan strongman 's life . They want to know whether Gadhafi was killed in crossfire or executed by fighters . "  There are at least two cell-phone videos , one showing him alive and one showing him dead . Taken together , these videos are very disturbing , " human rights office spokesman Rupert Colville told reporters in Geneva on Friday . "  We believe there is a need for an investigation and more details are needed to ascertain whether he was killed in the fighting or after his capture . " Human Rights Watch , which is also calling for an internationally supervised autopsy and an investigation into the death , said it is unlikely that Gadhafi was killed in crossfire . Peter Bouckaert , the group 's emergencies director , told CNN that fighting had ended when Gadhafi was cornered in a drainage ditch . He said crowds beat Gadhafi in what was a "  humiliating end " for the former dictator . "  When he left the area , he was very much alive , " Bouckaert said . "  There 's no reason why he should have been subjected to this kind of mob justice . " CNN 's Dan Rivers and Victoria Brown contributed to this report .	Moammar Gadhafi 's body is on display Interim leaders to declare Liberation Day on Sunday NATO is scaling back operations Libya is seeking a new constitution
CNN  -- The death toll from the suspected attack on the Dutch royal family has continued to rise as more details emerged about the man who slammed his car into a crowd during a holiday parade . A car is pictured after crashing into the crowd waiting for the visit of the royal family in Apeldoorn . The Dutch defence ministry announced late Friday that a military policeman , 55-year-old Roel Nijenhuis , had died in hospital -- bringing the death toll to seven , including the suspected attacker . Twelve people were also injured in the attack . The driver , who has not been officially identified , died in hospital in the early hours of Friday from head injuries , as it was revealed that he had lost his job as a security guard and was about to lose his home . "  Recently , he informed me that he had been dismissed and could no longer pay the rent , " landlord Sem Bosman told De Telegraaf newspaper . "  He was due to have come today to transfer the keys to a new tenant . " The 38-year-old was described by his former landlord and neighbours as quiet , solitary , friendly , soft-spoken and a "  dark horse , " according to AFP news agency . The man , whose name was not released , had been seriously injured in the crash Thursday in the town of Apeldoorn , about 70 kilometers  45 miles  east of Amsterdam , police said . He had been charged with trying to attack the royal family , authorities said . Were you there ? Send us your video , images Police searched the man 's house but found no weapons , explosives , "  or any other clues that could lead to the involvement of other people , " police said . Crowds had lined the streets to see Queen Beatrix and her family ride by in an open-top bus during the Netherlands ' annual holiday of Queen 's Day . See who the Dutch royal family are " As the bus moved along , a small black car zoomed past it . The crowds were behind barriers off the road , but security officials and journalists , including many cameramen , were in the road as the Suzuki car went by . The car crashed into the low metal railing around a column on the side of the road . The vehicle appeared heavily damaged even before the crash , but the reason for that was unclear . There was no one other than the driver in the car at the time , police spokeswoman Esther Naber said . Members of the royal family saw the crash and gasped , then quickly sat down as the bus continued driving . The attack caused outrage in the Netherlands , newspapers Friday widely expressing disbelief and suggesting the monarchy would have to change . "  Queen 's Day will never be the same , " the Trouw newspaper said . "  The Netherlands always has been proud of their no nonsense royal family . With this comes a queen who not only cycles a bike , but also mixes with people without obvious security measurements . Is that still possible now the royal family has been the target of an attack ? " The Algemeen Dagblad newspaper agreed . " "  What is going to happen on the 30th of April next year ? And will we continue to see the members of the royal family cycling through the canals of Amsterdam or hunting for bargains in the Bijenkorf in The Hague ? " Queen 's Day is a national holiday in the Netherlands , the Netherlands Antilles , and Aruba . The tradition started in 1885 and celebrates the birthday of the queen . Although Queen Beatrix 's birthday is January 31 , she officially celebrates her birthday April 30 , according to the Dutch government . Queen 's Day is known for its free market all over the country , where anybody is allowed to sell things in the streets . Other activities include children 's games and musical performances . The day is marked with the color orange all over the country as a reference to the colors of the royal family , who come from the House of Orange-Nassau . Emmy Dexel contributed to this report .	Death toll from suspected attack on Dutch royal family rises to seven Incident happened during the Netherlands annual Queen 's Day celebration Car hit crowd near open-top bus carrying Queen Beatrix of Netherlands Police : No other clues that could lead to the involvement of other people
Beijing , China  CNN  -- As the Communist Party of China  CPC  celebrates the 90th anniversary of its founding , party officials are pledging to continue the fight against corruption . "  Anyone who is corrupt , no matter who is involved , will be resolutely investigated to the very end , " said Wu Yuliang , deputy secretary of the CPC Central Commission for Discipline Inspection , the party 's anti-corruption body . As the CPC enters the 21st century , it will "  comprehensively tackle corruption from both its roots and symptoms , combining punishment with prevention , " Wu added . It 's a daunting task . Despite repeated campaigns to stamp out corruption , it remains rife and is one of the most incendiary sources of public anger . "  Corruption  is so entrenched that honest officials are now part of a minority that risks being left behind , " wrote the Economic Observer , a Chinese-language paper . "  It is a system where corruption is the rule rather than the exception . " Rampant corruption , officials say , is an unintended consequence of change . "  We 're in the midst of major socioeconomic transformation , " said Wu , the anti-corruption official . "  We are at a stage where corruption is frequent and prone to happen . " "  In the centrally planned economy , " retired official Tang Wenjun said , "  there was no market and the government officials could not sell or buy much of anything . " Now , it 's different . Corruption thrives , he says , in part because opportunities have expanded . China 's GDP per capita , adjusted by purchasing power parity , reached $ 7,517 in 2010 , according to the International Monetary Fund . That 's up from $ 250 in 1980 . The economic boom and the general rise in prosperity have made bureaucrats increasingly greedy . The result is corruption on a scale more pervasive than the founders of the Communist Party could ever have imagined . Graft and corruption includes nepotism , accepting bribes and kickbacks , lavish spending of public funds , and laundering of profits and public money overseas . Official abuse extends to all levels of officialdom , in and outside the party . A sampling of recent scandals : • Liu Zhijun , sacked last February as China 's railways minister , is now under investigation for corruption , according to Xinhua , the official news agency . • Huang Guangyu , the founder of home appliance retailer GOME , remains detained on charges of insider trading and stock manipulation . • Huang Songyou , former vice president of China 's Supreme People 's Court , was jailed for life , convicted of taking bribes totaling over $ 500,000 . • Chen Tonghai , the former head of oil giant Sinopec , was given a death sentence , later converted to life in prison , in 2009 after being convicted of taking nearly 200 million yuan  nearly $ 30 million  in bribes . • Li Peiying , former president of the Capital Airports Holding Company , was executed in August 2009 after he was convicted of receiving 26.61 million yuan  $ 4.1 million  in bribes . • Kang Rixin , former head of the China National Nuclear Corporation , was sentenced to life last year for taking almost $ 1 million in bribes between 2004 and 2009 when he was general manager of the huge state-owned company . Kang , a former member of the policy-making CPC central committee , is thought to be the most senior CPC official to be investigated and punished since a former Shanghai mayor and party chief , Chen Liangyu , was sentenced to 18 years for bribery . With most of the populace suffering from rising inflation , complaining of the gap between the rich and the poor and worrying about their economic future , resentment of corruption is high . One popular saying in Beijing puts it bluntly : "  If the Party executes every official for corruption , it will overdo a little ; but if the Party executes every other official for corruption , it can not go wrong . " A public opinion survey conducted by Horizon Research Consultancy last year cites corruption as the worst problem tarnishing China 's image . In response to the public outcry , the CPC is vowing to sniff out corrupt officials . Wu says his anti-graft group last year investigated 139,621 cases of malfeasance and punished 146,517 people . Of those cases , 5,373 have been referred to the courts for criminal persecution . Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , speaking this week to a group of party members , pledged to give top priority to the anti-corruption drive . "  Each party member and cadre must abide by the law , be cautious and prudent and practice self-discipline . " The press , aided by netizens , has been working zealously to expose the corruption cases . Internet users have set up websites designed to help blow the whistle . Public relations consultant Chen Hong started a website -- www.ibribery.com -- allowing visitors to anonymously post their experiences of bribing officials . Some netizens exposed officials who demanded cars and villas , police officers who asked for cash incentives to not issue traffic tickets and doctors who wanted money to ensure safe surgical procedures . His site drew 200,000 unique visitors in two weeks , but censors have started to block access to his site . Worried that he was courting trouble , Chen closed it down last week , hoping to apply for a license and restart his site . Meantime , other netizens have set up copycat sites like www.522phone.com and www.wohuixingle.info vowing to out corrupt officials . Anti-corruption official Wu Yuliang acknowledges the role of the netizens and general public -- with a caveat . "  We hope the authorities will supervise the internet , " he says . "  We hope they can guide the netizens , so they will air opinion through legal means , and the information they reveal are accurate and reliable . "	Corruption remains rife and is among one of most incendiary sources of public anger Officials say rampant corruption is unintended consequence of change Official abuse extends to all levels of officialdom Former head of China National Nuclear Corporation sentenced to life last year
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A federal judge sentenced an Illinois man to two and a half years in prison Monday for taping ESPN sports reporter Erin Andrews in the nude . The taping took place through a hotel-room peephole , and the video was posted on the Internet . Michael David Barrett , 49 , pleaded guilty to a federal stalking charge in December after prosecutors accused him of altering hotel peepholes so he could shoot video of Andrews while she was nude . According to a plea deal , prosecutors and Barrett had agreed to a 27-month prison sentence . But Andrews called him a sexual predator and argued in court for him to be sentenced for as long as the law allowed , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . "  I would have liked longer time , but I know that the judge obviously did the best he could with the parameters that are set , " Andrews told reporters outside the courthouse after the sentencing . "  But I 'm glad he 'll be away from anyone that he could harm for the next 30 months . " In court papers , prosecutors stated that Barrett -- an insurance company employee from Westmont , Illinois -- posted as many as 10 videos of Andrews to the Internet . Also in court papers , prosecutors said Barrett had posted videos of another 16 as-yet-unidentified victims to the Internet . Barrett has been free on bail and has been ordered to report to prison May 3 , said Tom Mrozek , a spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles . In a statement issued through his attorney when the plea agreement was announced , Barrett expressed "  deep regret " to Andrews "  for his conduct that caused her so much pain . " Authorities believe that most of the videos were made at a hotel in Nashville , Tennessee , in September 2008 . The peephole into Andrews ' room was altered with a hacksaw , and the images appeared to have been taken with a cell phone camera , according to the charges against Barrett . Andrews travels across the country covering college football games for ESPN . According to charges prosecutors filed against Barrett in October , she said that she became aware of the videos in July and that their posting caused her distress , anxiety and trouble sleeping . Barrett came under scrutiny after attempting to sell the videos to the celebrity gossip site TMZ in January 2009 . TMZ did not purchase the images , but employees of the Web site assisted in the investigation by providing information to Andrews ' attorneys , authorities said . TMZ , like CNN , is a subsidiary of Time Warner Inc. . CNN 's Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report .	Michael David Barrett , 49 , was sentenced to prison Monday He admitted surreptitiously taping ESPN reporter nude , posting videos online Authorities say Erin Andrews was filmed through peephole in hotel rooms
CNN  -- "  There are those who keep out of mischief , and then there are the adventurers , " Juan Manuel Fangio , the pioneering legend of Formula One racing , said in the 1990s . "  We racing drivers are adventurers ; the more difficult something is , the greater the attraction that comes from it . "  Michael Schumacher is the greatest of the adventurers . " He 's not just been an adventurer . He is a man whose image transcends sport , much like Roger Federer , Sachin Tendulkar , Martina Navratilova , Tiger Woods , Pele and Usain Bolt . The adventurer Schumacher , who suffered a serious head injury in a skiing accident Sunday , is a man for whom winning became an obsession . He racked up victories , wins and titles -- and then some : five consecutive world championship titles between 2001-2004 , 56 race victories in six years between 2000-2006 , a total of seven F1 crowns and 91 grand prix wins . After claiming his first two titles at Benetton in 1994 and 1995 , Schumacher moved to Ferrari where he would go on to bring about a period of domination . His 72 race victories and five world titles with the "  Scuderia " etched his name into F1 folklore and made him the most successful driver in the history of the sport . His search for perfection translated to recreational activities such as skiing . "  Schumacher was n't a skier when he joined Ferrari , but by the end he was excellent , " British journalist Kevin Garside told CNN . "  Each year Ferrari used to have a media week in the Alps in Italy and they would always have a race -- and it was always Schumacher who won . " Few doubted Schumacher 's natural talent , but his desire to win at all costs did n't always endear him to the watching world . Ayrton Senna , the triple world champion who was killed at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix , remains revered to this very day , while 1950s hero Fangio -- a five-time F1 champion -- was also hugely popular . "  Schumi " was loved in his native Germany and by the majority of Ferrari fans , but his appeal was not altogether universal , though his skiing accident has prompted a huge outpouring of support for him from around the world on social media websites . Ruthless streak Never far from controversy , Schumacher was often criticized for his arrogance and use of unsavory tactics to ensure victory . That ruthless streak was scarcely more evident than at the title-deciding 1994 Australian Grand Prix where , with his own car already irreparably damaged , Schumacher deliberately collided with title rival Damon Hill . The crash caused both men to retire from the race , handing the German the title . Three years later , Schumacher attempted the same tactic again in the deciding race , this time against Williams ' Jacques Villeneuve -- only to be disqualified from the championship , giving the Canadian the title . Then there were the groans of dismay at the 2002 Austrian Grand Prix when Ferrari ordered teammate Rubens Barrichello to allow Schumacher to win the race . In 2006 , he was accused of cheating during qualifying for the Monaco Grand Prix after deliberately stopping his car to prevent his nearest rival , Fernando Alonso , from completing a lap which would have probably given the Spaniard pole position . Born on January 3 , 1969 , near Cologne , Schumacher attended the local go-kart track where his mother worked in the kitchens . By 1987 , he was already the German and European go-kart champion and left school to pursue work as an apprentice mechanic before becoming a professional racing driver . Three years later he won the national F3 Championship and joined Mercedes before making the move to F1 in 1991 . He made his debut for Jordan , qualifying seventh , and moved to Benetton the following year where he began his ascent to the very top . A year later , he won the first of his 91 grand prix victories in Belgium . While his two title triumphs with Benetton brought him to the attention of the wider world , it was at Ferrari where Schumacher went on to make his name . He joined in 1996 , when the Italian team was desperate to end a title drought which stretched back to 1979 . It took four years for Schumacher to deliver what Ferrari so desperately craved , but when it came it began a period of dominance for the "  Prancing Horse . " From 2000-2004 , Schumacher swept all before him to win five consecutive world titles . In 2004 , he won a staggering 12 of the opening 13 races to help clinch his seventh and final title in what proved to be his last season of success . The following year he won just a single race after the introduction of new tire rules , and Alonso ended Schumacher 's title streak . Alonso repeated the feat in 2006 , a year which concluded with Schumacher 's retirement . "  I retired simply because I do n't have the passion and the motivation anymore , " he said on leaving the sport . "  I was tired . I did n't really think , ` I 'll take a break and then come back . ' I was n't interested in it . I was old enough and I had achieved enough . There was no need . " High-octane life Schumacher -- who has two children with his wife Corinna , 14-year-old Mick and 16-year-old Gina -- was never going to take it easy in retirement . He took up motorcycling and skydiving to help quench his thirst for adrenalin while he also enjoyed horse riding as well as skiing . In 2009 , Schumacher was involved in a motorbike crash while testing his Honda 1000 CBR-Fireblade at a racetrack in Cartagena , Spain . He was taken to hospital where he was diagnosed with a mild concussion , while Schumacher also complained of pain in his right wrist . Discharged from hospital after just five days , the incident did little to persuade him to give up such a high-octane life and instead he returned to F1 in 2010 at the age of 41 after signing a deal with Mercedes . His three-year stint failed to match the glorious success he had enjoyed earlier in his career , with a third-place finish at the 2012 European Grand Prix at Valencia the highlight . At 43 , he became the oldest driver to finish on the podium since Jack Brabham at the 1970 British Grand Prix . Finally , in 2012 following the news that Mercedes would replace Schumacher with Lewis Hamilton , he retired for the second time after a seventh-place finish at the Brazilian Grand Prix . "  From now on life will offer me plenty of new possibilities , " he said after his decision to leave the sport . "  I 'm looking forward to them . I prefer to be described as a fighter , someone who never backed down . "	Michael Schumacher won the Formula One title on seven occasions He made his race debut in 1991 before signing for Benetton Won his first race in 1992 in Belgium and captured maiden title in 1994 Dominated F1 between 2001 and 2004 by winning five consecutive titles with Ferrari
U.S. minorities now represent more than half of America 's population under the age of 1 , the Census Bureau said , a historic demographic milestone with profound political , economic and social implications . The bureau -- defining a minority as anyone who is not "  single race white " and "  not Hispanic " -- released estimates on Thursday showing that 50.4 % of children younger than 1 were minorities as of July 1 , 2011 , up from 49.5 % from the 2010 Census taken in April 2010 . "  2011 is the first time the population of infants under age 1 is majority minority , " said Robert Bernstein , a Census Bureau spokesman . The latest statistics -- which also count the national population younger than 5 as 49.7 % minority in 2011 , an increase from 49 % in 2010 -- portend a future of a more racially diverse America , with new and growing populations playing more important roles politically and economically in years to come , analysts say . Like other analysts , Kenneth M. Johnson , senior demographer at the Carsey Institute and professor of sociology at the University of New Hampshire , is n't surprised at the trend . "  We 've known it was going to come , but the question was what year the "  crossover point " would happen , he said . "  Little children are in the vanguard of all this change coming to America . " he said . Johnson sees the trend as an opportunity for more Americans to embrace diversity . More children are going to be exposed to a more diverse group of classmates , and that will affect attitudes and outlook . The changes are going to be felt first in hospitals , as well as schools , where an increasingly diverse child population has to be absorbed . Hospitals would need interpreters and translators , for example , Johnson said . English as a second language would be an educational priority . While many regions such as Atlanta have a diverse population , other regions lack racial and ethnic variety and will have to deal with a new kind of population , he said . In declining rural counties , he said , an influx of groups like Hispanics would serve to renew communities and changes would ensue . "  For a country that 's aging , we need young workers , and the growth of the minority population will contribute to the size of the young adult workforce , " he said . "  This is breathing new life into the United States . " Jeff Passell , senior demographer at the Pew Hispanic Center , called the Census numbers "  a cumulative effect of 35 to 40 years of immigration " bringing large numbers of Latinos , Asians and other immigrants into the United States . He said the Hispanic population in particular is very young , much more concentrated in child-bearing years , and has a higher fertility rate than the white , non-Hispanic population . Lately , he says , there are a lot more births among native Hispanics in the United States than new Hispanic immigrants , a "  cumulative effect " of immigration . If the trend continues , Passell says several decades from now , possibly in the late 2030s or early 2040s , the U.S. population will become less than 50 % non-Hispanic white . "  This is a trend that we can reasonably expect to continue . The factors that determine this have been set into motion , and in demography things tend to change gradually , " he said . There were 114 million minorities in 2011 , or 36.6 % of the U.S. population , a bump of half a percentage point from 2010 . The latest figures count Hispanics as the most populous and fastest growing minority group . They numbered 52 million in 2011 , and their population grew by 3.1 % since 2010 . The U.S. Hispanic population grew from 16.3 % in 2010 to 16.7 % in 2011 . "  California had the largest Hispanic population of any state on July 1 , 2011  14.4 million  , as well as the largest numeric increase within the Hispanic population since April 1 , 2010 ,  346,000  , " the Census said . "  New Mexico had the highest percentage of Hispanics at 46.7 % . Los Angeles had the largest Hispanic population of any county  4.8 million  in 2011 and the largest numeric increase since 2010  73,000  . Starr County -- on the Mexican border in Texas -- had the highest share of Hispanics  95.6 percent  . " Asians numbered 18.2 million nationally in 2011 , making them the second fastest-growing minority group -- up by 3 % since 2010 . Figures show that California had the largest Asian population of any state at 5.8 million and the largest increase since 2010 at 131,000 . "  Hawaii is our nation 's only majority-Asian state , with people of this group comprising 57.1 % of the total population . Los Angeles had the largest Asian population of any county  1.6 million  in 2011 , and also the largest numeric increase  16,000  since 2010 . At 61.2 % , Honolulu had the highest percentage of Asians in the nation , " the Census said . African-Americans are the second largest minority group in the United States at 43.9 million in 2011 , an increase of 1.6 % from 2010 . New York has the largest black population of any state with 3.7 million and Texas has the largest increase from 2010 of 84,000 . Cook County , Illinois , which includes Chicago , has the largest black population of any county at 1.3 million . Fulton County , Georgia , which includes Atlanta , has the largest increase since 2010 at 13,000 . The District of Columbia has the highest percentage of blacks at 52.2 % . Mississippi has the second-largest at 38 % . America 's native population -- labeled "  American Indian and Alaska Native population " by the Census -- was about 6.3 million in 2011 , up 2.1 % from 2010 . California had the largest such population at 1,050,000 and the largest increase at 23,000 . Alaska had the highest share at 19 % . Los Angeles had the largest such population of any county , with 231,000 , and the largest increase , 9,000 since 2010 . The population classified as "  Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander " was 1.4 million in 2011 , up 2.9 % since 2010 . Hawaii had the largest such population of any state at 359,000 and the highest percentage at 26.1 . California had the largest increase since 2010 at 9,000 . Honolulu has the largest population of any county at 235,000 . Los Angeles County had the largest increase since 2011 at 2,700 . Of single race non-Hispanic whites , California had the largest population at 15 million . Texas had the largest increase since 2010 at 80,000 . Maine had the highest percentage of the non-Hispanic white alone population , 94.3 percent . Four states and the District of Columbia have predominantly minority populations , Hawaii , at 77 % , the District of Columbia at 64.7 % , California , at 60.3 % , New Mexico , at 59.8 % , and Texas , at 55.2 % . Minorities comprised the majority population in 11 % of the nation 's 3,143 counties . Michael White , professor of sociology at Brown University , said the rise of minorities fits into a longer-term evolution of the U.S. population , a mosaic that has been adapting to ethnic change since the first Census was recorded in 1790 . There have been many groups represented over time , from enslaved and indigenous peoples , those of European stock , and now to a population reflecting the wider world -- truly a "  melting pot , " he said . White says it 's hard to say how the changes will affect politics and that one ca n't assume that ethnic patterns will determine voting patterns . Local economic issues , for example , will evolve differently in different states and cities , and there are economic benefits of having a younger population , he said . "  The political dimensions will play out differently , " he said . And by the time the babies are old enough to cast ballots , "  the United States will be a different place when they are walking into a voting booth . " William Frey , Brookings Institution demographer , sees political challenges for new immigrants and an economy benefiting from their presence . Many Hispanics and Asians are too young to vote or ca n't cast ballots because they have n't become citizens . "  It 's going to take perhaps awhile before the younger people get more engaged in politics . They do have an impact in some places , like swing states , such as Nevada , Colorado and Florida . They can make a difference , " he said . He , too , says that newcomers to the United States bring an energy that invigorates the economic system and an older society . "  I think we 're going to just see that the younger part of the population will have a different vibe , " he said . "  They are sort of needed to help our youthful image and to add to that vitality . They will bring a dimension and element we sorely need . "	Hispanics are most populous and fastest growing minority group , the Census says Asians are the second-fastest growing minority group , numbers show African-Americans are the second largest minority group , the Census says Four states and the District of Columbia have minority populations over 50 %
CNN  -- Jane Kean , who played diverse roles during a long career but was best known as Trixie on the TV revival of "  The Honeymooners , " has died . She was 90 . Kean , who lived in Toluca Lake , California , died Tuesday at Providence St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank , her niece , Deirdre Wolpert , said Friday . She was hospitalized after a fall that led to a hemorrhagic stroke . In 2002 , Kean told CNN that her work with Jackie Gleason predated "  The Honeymooners " revival . They did vaudeville together decades earlier . "  As a matter of fact , we both -- I hate to say how long ago it was -- but we were doing one-nighters , the Loews Pitkin , Loews Melba , " she said . "  I was the singer on the bill and he was the comic . And we were getting $ 50 a show . " Her credits spanned decades and ranged from TV series such as "  Growing Pains " and "  The Facts of Life " to "  Scarecrow and Mrs. King , " according to IMDb.com . But Kean , who was born in Hartford , Connecticut , on April 10 , 1923 , was best remembered for her role as Trixie Norton when Gleason and CBS revived "  The Honeymooners " in 1966 . The actress who played Trixie in the classic black-and-white sitcom was Joyce Randolph . "  I had run into an agent when I went to see ` The Odd Couple ' with Art Carney , " Kean told CNN in 2002 . "  And I was with my husband . And we drove back to California , and when I got back there , the agent called . ... So he said , you 're not going to believe this , but you 're going to be Trixie Norton . And it 's going to be a musical and you 're going to be able to sing and dance and do the whole number . " Wolpert said a private memorial service will be held at Kean 's home in the next couple of weeks . "  She was just an extraordinary person , " Wolpert said . "  Completely independent , and traveling . Last year she did a two-hour one-woman show , a retrospective with film clips and everything . She was amazing . " Kean is survived by Wolpert and her husband and their two children . Kean is also survived by a stepson from her second marriage and his family . People we 've lost in 2013	Jane Kean was best known as Trixie on the TV revival of "  The Honeymooners " in 1966 She died after a fall that led to a hemorrhagic stroke Credits ranged from TV series such as "  Growing Pains " and "  Scarecrow and Mrs. King , "
New Delhi  CNN  -- Cash Burnaman , a 6-year-old South Carolina boy , has traveled with his parents to India seeking treatment for a rare genetic condition that has left him developmentally disabled . You might think this was a hopeful mission until you learn that an overwhelming number of medical experts insist the treatment will have zero effect . Cash is mute . He walks with the aid of braces . To battle his incurable condition , which is so rare it does n't have a name , Cash has had to take an artificial growth hormone for most of his life . His divorced parents , Josh Burnaman and Stephanie Krolick , are so driven by their hope and desperation to help Cash they 've journeyed to the other side of the globe and paid tens of thousands of dollars to have Cash undergo experimental injections of human embryonic stem cells . The family is among a growing number of Americans seeking the treatment in India -- some at a clinic in the heart of New Delhi called NuTech Mediworld run by Dr. Geeta Shroff , a retired obstetrician and self-taught embryonic stem cell practitioner . Shroff first treated Cash -- who presents symptoms similar to Down Syndrome -- in 2010 . "  I am helping improve their quality of life , " Shroff told CNN . After five weeks of treatment , Cash and his parents returned home to the U.S. That 's when Cash began walking with the aid of braces for the first time . His parents were thrilled . Before the treatments , Cash could only get around by hopping , his mother said . The results were enough to persuade Cash 's mother to go back to Shroff for more help . "  We saw evidence the first time that it 's worth trying again , " Krolick said . "  In this particular case , with Cash 's other conditions , we do n't have many other options . " For four or five weeks of treatment , Shroff says she has charged her 87 American patients an average of $ 25,000 . It 's a big financial hit for Burnaman , a volunteer firefighter and property manager , and Krolick , who attends technical college in Greenville , South Carolina . But the boy 's family and friends went into fundraising mode , creating a blog called ChangeForCash.com , and amassing about $ 50,000 over a year . Are patients like Cash truly receiving treatments that improve their quality of life ? Or is therapy giving patients false hope ? Doctors say all that work and hope and money Cash 's supporters have funneled into his experimental therapy likely will have no medical benefits . There are several types of stem cells . Adult stem cells can be found in mature cells and some organs . For example , bone marrow cells are a type of adult stem cell that have been used in transplants for more than 40 years . But because adult stem cells are taken from parts of the body that already have a purpose , they may be limited as to what they can be turned into . Embryonic stem cells are the controversial ones because they 're harvested from leftover IVF embryos , which are then destroyed in the process . Embryonic stem cells come from 4-or 5-day-old fertilized eggs and have the ability to turn into any type of cell in the body . Since human embryonic stem cells were first discovered in 1998 , researchers have been trying to take these unique cells and coax them into becoming cells for every part of the body , which then could be used to repair damage or regenerate tissue . For many years a virtual ban on funding this type of research slowed the field down . Researchers have developed another source of stem cells : skin cells . Scientists learned to turn the clock back on skin cells so they 're like embryos -- with stem cells that have the same "  blank slate " properties like embryonic stem cells -- but without the controversy . These cells are called "  IPS "  induced pluripotent stem  cells -- and are not yet being used in human experiments . There are no approved embryonic stem cell treatments in the United States . However , the Food and Drug Administration has approved two experimental clinical trials in humans using treatments made from human embryonic stem cells . One of these -- to repair spinal cord injuries -- was stopped due to the high cost of this type of research ; the other trial -- to restore vision in people with macular degeneration -- is still underway . There is hope that embryonic stem cells might someday lead to treatments for Parkinson 's disease , diabetes , traumatic spinal cord injury , Duchenne muscular dystrophy and other conditions , according to the National Institutes of Health . Someday . Nevertheless , Shroff is n't waiting for further research . She 's injecting patients with embryonic stem cells now . "  There is zero evidence for what she is doing being effective , " said Rutgers University 's Dr. Wise Young , a leading U.S. neuroscientist . "  It 's concerning no matter how you look at it , " said CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta . "  Frankly it 's the complete wrong way of going about this sort of science . " Inside her clinic , surrounded by patients , Shroff disagreed . "  Success , " she said , "  is defined differently by various groups of people within that therapy mode . So as of right now , almost everyone -- greater than 90 % -- have had success . " But Cash 's family has its doubters , too . The boy 's father said he still is n't totally convinced the treatment works . "  If we had taken away the stem cells and had n't done it , is this where he would be naturally ? " Burnaman said . "  And that 's where I keep coming back to is -- I 'm not sure . " "  It 's risky medical therapy , " acknowledged Krolick , who feared it would worsen Cash 's condition . "  But I knew that we were going to have to do it . We did pick this clinic for a reason . I mean , we did look around , and we decided this is the place where we felt safe . She had a good track record . " An energetic doctor who trained in India , Shroff says she acquired embryonic stem cells with the patient 's permission after she performed an in-vitro fertilization procedure on a woman more than a decade ago . She would not allow CNN access to the facility where she says the embryonic cells are kept and harvested . Nurses and assistants at NuTech Mediworld routinely inject patients with embryonic stem cells daily simply by sticking the needle into a patient 's back . The routine at the clinic starkly contrasts with procedures CNN observed at a sanctioned embryonic stem cell trial at Atlanta 's Emory University , where technicians and surgeons took hours to conduct a safe injection . NuTech Mediworld 's treatment also includes physical therapy . The patient and a guest receive room and board . The rooms are cramped with bathroom facilities available down a long hallway . Shroff has treated patients suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or ALS , more commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's disease . Others had spinal cord injuries , cerebral palsy , genetic and muscular skeletal disorders . Pure embryonic stem cells are not meant to be put directly into the body , since they have to the potential to turn into any cell . That 's why credible researchers first chemically "  coax " these stem cells into heading down the path of what they should turn into -- for example nerve cells or heart cells -- before injecting them into very specific parts of the body to achieve the desired results . The doctor offered examples of her successes including a man from Baghdad who she said was a paraplegic because of multiple gunshot wounds and an Indian toddler who she said has a genetic disorder similar to Cash 's . Kohl Guffey , an 18-year-old from Illinois who was paralyzed three years ago in a motocross accident , cites himself as another example of success at the clinic . "  Before I came here , I did n't have any movement in my left hand between my fingers , " said Guffey . "  Now I can retract them really good . " Shroff conceded that when she attempted to present her findings to an internationally sanctioned stem cell conference , her medical abstract paperwork was rejected . But she continues to defend her work . "  I believe that my patients are getting better , " she said . "  I have proved it time and time and time again . " She was present at a recent meeting of the Indian Council of Medical Research where prominent Indian physicians criticized embryonic stem cell clinics that have appeared in New Delhi and elsewhere throughout the sprawling country . A leading Indian neurosurgeon , Dr. P.N. Tandon , agreed there was zero medical evidence of the effectiveness of embryonic stem cell therapy like that provided at NuTech Mediworld . There is no stem cell treatment proven in India that will make patients like these better , Tandon said , and none "  proven anywhere in the world . " Patients also have traveled for similar therapy in Central America , Mexico and China , although that country has recently clamped down on stem cell clinics . For Young , the money charged for the therapy stands out as an ethical issue . "  It 's all about $ 25,000 , " he said . The cost of the treatment is "  calculated to take a family to the brink of what they can afford , and they take everything . " "  Who does n't want to get rich ? " Shroff asked . "  Who does n't work for money ? But you also have to work from the heart . You also have to see what you 're doing . Is it ethically right ? And I believe I am doing everything right . " CNN Medical Managing Editor Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Cash Burnaman , 6 , had experimental embryonic stem cell therapy Doctors overwhelmingly say there 's no possibility it will have an effect on his condition Dr. Geeta Shroff offers the treatment for $ 25,000 at her clinic in New Delhi Shroff says "  almost everyone -- greater than 90 % -- have had success "
CNN  -- The Ottawa gunman had "  connections " to jihadists in Canada who shared a radical Islamist ideology , including at least one who went overseas to fight in Syria , multiple U.S. sources told CNN on Thursday . However , Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that there is "  no evidence at this stage " that Michael Zehaf-Bibeau was linked to a wider group , or network , of jihadists . "  There 's no evidence at this stage for us to know that . Obviously there 's an investigation going on , and we hope to learn more in the ... coming days . It was clear that , police authorities now have announced , that he was acting alone yesterday , " he said . According to two U.S. counterterrorism officials , Zehaf-Bibeau was connected to Hasibullah Yusufzai through social media . Yusufzai is wanted by Canadian authorities for traveling overseas to fight alongside Islamist fighters in Syria , The Globe and Mail , a Canadian newspaper , reported . The sources said the two communicated via social media and the Internet , but it does not appear they were close . Early indications are that Zehaf-Bibeau 's connections to other extremists were "  interactions " online , including extremist sites , a different U.S. source said . The activity was "  attenuated , " or limited , the source said , noting it appears , so far , that Zehaf-Bibeau had a low profile . There is no evidence so far that he had any "  operational links " to other jihadists , according to the source , who drew a distinction between interacting online and plotting an attack . American officials are reportedly scouring databases and communications for possible links to American-based jihadists . Other radicalized people connected to Zehaf-Bibeau are still believed to be living in Canada , U.S. law enforcement officials said . "  The investigation is ongoing and will rapidly determine if Zehaf-Bibeau received any support in the planning of his attack , " Royal Canadian Mounted Police Commissioner Bob Paulson told reporters Thursday . Officials now have "  information that suggests an association with some individuals who may have shared his radical views , " he said . Paulson did n't say who these people are or how Zehaf-Bibeau may have interacted with them . The gunman Authorities are still in the early stages of their investigation , but they are beginning to piece together the puzzle . They released surveillance video Thursday that shows events on Wednesday . In the footage , a vehicle pulls up near Parliament , and a man exits , running with a large gun as people run from him . In other footage , this same man then gets into another vehicle , drives to a nearby building , gets out and runs armed into the building pursued by law enforcement . Baird , in a Thursday night interview with Anderson Cooper on CNN , described the chaos inside the building , saying Zehaf-Bibeau "  ran right by the room where the entire government caucus was . We could hear the ringing out of rifle fire and then the huge amount of semiautomatic noise . "  We did n't know if the door would be banged open and that we 'd all be sprayed , " he said . Baird said the sergeant-at-arms of the House of Commons shot and killed Zehaf-Bibeau at the door to the library , which contained a tourist group as well as employees . "  You could have seen more than a dozen killed if he  the sergeant-at-arms  had n't taken such quick action , " Baird said . Zehaf-Bibeau was a Canadian citizen who may have had dual Libyan-Canadian citizenship , said Paulson . The police commissioner said Zehaf-Bibeau was born in Montreal and lived in Calgary and most recently Vancouver . Zehaf-Bibeau had been in the Canadian capital since at least October 2 "  to deal with a passport issue and ... he was also hoping to leave for Syria , " Paulson said . Paulson also said of Zehaf-Bibeau : "  According to some accounts , he was an individual who may have held extremist beliefs . " Zehaf-Bibeau was applying for a passport -- an application that was under investigation -- at the time of the attack , but had not had his passport revoked , as has been previously reported , Paulson said . "  I think the passport figured prominently in his motives , " said the police commissioner . "  However , we have not come to ground completely on his motivations for this attack . But clearly , it 's linked to his radicalization . Clearly , it 's linked to his difficult circumstances . " According to Paulson , investigators thus far have not found any connection between Zehaf-Bibeau and Martin Rouleau Couture -- who authorities say ran down and killed a Canadian soldier in Quebec on Monday . Police later killed Couture . Who was Ottawa shooter Michael Zehaf-Bibeau ? Zehaf-Bibeau was born as Michael Joseph Hall in 1982 . He had criminal records indicating infractions related to drugs and violence and other criminal activities , Paulson said . In a pre-trial psychiatric evaluation performed in 2011 , a doctor noted Zehaf-Bibeau at that time had been "  a devoted Muslim for seven years . " The gunman 's mother , Susan Bibeau , spoke to The Associated Press by phone . She struggled to hold back tears and said she did n't know what to say to those hurt in the attack . "  If I 'm crying , it 's for the people , " Bibeau reportedly said . "  Not for my son . " "  I 'm mad at my son , " she said in a separate email to the AP . Harper : "  We will not run scared ' Canadian lawmakers returned to work Thursday , giving a standing ovation to the ceremonial Parliament official credited with taking down the gunman who killed a soldier and shook the Parliament area . "  We 'll be vigilant , but we will not run scared . We will be prudent , but we will not panic . And as for the business of government , well , here we are -- in our seats , in our chamber , in the very heart of our democracy , " Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper told the House of Commons in Ottawa . Lawmakers stood and cheered Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers , who officials say took down the suspect in the halls of Parliament minutes after the killing of Canadian army reservist Cpl. Nathan Cirillo at a war memorial nearby . Vickers , who regularly leads a procession into the House as sessions begin , stood with his ceremonial mace and appeared to be emotional during the ovation . He later released a statement saying he is touched by the attention . "  However , I have the support of a remarkable security team that is committed to ensuring the safety of Members , employees and visitors to the Hill , " Vickers said . It was a step toward normalcy for a government district that was widely locked down for hours after the shootings at Canada 's National War Memorial and Parliament Hill . Authorities say Zehaf-Bibeau shot and killed Cirillo , who was standing guard at the war memorial on Wednesday morning . The gunman then entered the nearby main Parliament building in downtown Ottawa , where witnesses say shots were fired -- many by security officers -- before he was shot dead . A plainclothes constable who was working security at Parliament was shot in the leg , according to a House of Commons official briefed on the investigation . The injury is not life-threatening , and the constable was treated at a hospital and released , the official said on condition of anonymity . The shootings left government workers and others locked inside offices for a large portion of the day while police searched buildings to ensure that no other culprit was loose . Wednesday 's deadly attack was the second on Canadian soldiers this week . On Monday , Couture , a convert to Islam who Canadian authorities said was "  radicalized " hit two soldiers with a car in Quebec , killing one of them , before he was killed . Lawmakers pay respects to soldier There was an incident Thursday morning as the Prime Minister and his wife were laying a wreath , in memory of Cirillo . An eyewitness said a man began yelling . He reached into his jacket , then pulled out a white scarf , and wrapped it around his face . About a dozen police ran towards him , the eyewitness said . The Prime Minister and his wife had intended to stay longer , but his security team surrounded them and quickly ushered them out . "  He 's lucky he was n't shot , " the eyewitness said of the man . The man was apprehended at the scene . Jim Cirillo , Nathan Cirillo 's uncle , told CBC News that Cirillo 's father is in Costa Rica and might not yet know about his son 's death . "  I do n't know if life is fair , " Jim Cirillo , said his voice breaking with emotion . "  He did n't deserve that . I do n't know how someone could have picked him out and just did that . " Before Parliament reopened , lawmakers gathered outside the memorial -- some holding flowers -- for a moment of silence for Cirillo . "  This was very off the cuff , " lawmaker Charlie Angus told CNN on Thursday morning . "  I think parliamentarians really just felt that before we walked into the Parliament buildings , we had to pay respect to a young man who gave his life for his country . " Angus said the soldiers ' killings this week left the government with plenty of questions . "  The questions we need to ask ourselves  include  , ` How are these people getting this crazy ideology that 's inspiring them to do these copycat killings ? ' " he said . Another question , he said : What can society do to deal with people who find themselves on the fringes ? Issues of mental health , he said , need to be addressed . "  We can not let people like this fall through the cracks and end up doing deranged killings , " Angus said . CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Josh Levs , Catherine E. Shoichet , John Newsome , Pamela Brown , Greg Botelho , Elise Labott , Jim Sciutto , Pam Brown , Andrea Lewis , Ana Cabrera and Deb Feyerick contributed to this report .	Michael Zehaf-Bibeau had not had his passport revoked , as previously reported He was applying for one and police believe the issue could have figured into motive The gunman 's interactions with extremists were limited , a source says There is no evidence so far that he had any "  operational links " to jihadists , source says
There was n't room for the two of them . In the fall of 2012 , with the presidential race in full swing , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , two prominent Republican governors with well-known national ambitions , were engaged in a different kind of campaign . Behind the scenes , both men were aggressively jockeying for a plum political gig : The chairmanship of the Republican Governors Association , a coveted post for any aspiring presidential candidate . The high-profile job would allow one of them to travel the country , gain a foothold in key states , and mingle with some of the GOP 's leading financial backers -- all while controlling a nearly $ 150 million midterm political budget . Previous RGA chairmen have used the post as a national launch pad : Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney led the RGA in 2006 before his first presidential campaign , and Texas Gov. Rick Perry steered the committee in 2011 before embarking on his own White House bid . Christie wo n't commit to serving full term in New Jersey Ultimately , both Jindal and Christie would each have a shot at running the RGA , Jindal in 2013 and Christie in 2014 . Christie , fresh off his re-election in New Jersey , formally took over the reins of the organization on Thursday afternoon at its annual meeting in Arizona . Jindal is transitioning to the role of vice-chairman . But before that line of succession was arranged , the tightly knit universe of GOP governors who comprise the RGA had to wrestle with an uncomfortable dilemma : Jindal and Christie were both gunning for the committee 's top job in the same year -- 2014 . And with good reason . Next year 's midterm elections feature 36 gubernatorial contests , including three potentially competitive races in the early presidential caucus and primary states of Iowa , South Carolina and Florida . The RGA chairman will be a familiar face on television screens across the country and a constant point of contact for major donors . A successful 2014 cycle would be a gleaming resume point heading into the 2016 presidential cycle , which begins in earnest the moment polls close next November . GOP civil war could be brutal in 2014 The question of who would run the show in 2014 , Jindal or Christie , was complicated by the organization 's lack of formal succession rules and Perry 's unexpected resignation in late 2011 to run for president . When Perry stepped aside , Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell was suddenly thrust into the RGA 's top job . Christie was elected vice-chairman , putting him in line to take over the RGA in 2013 . Jindal , a veteran member of the RGA 's executive committee , was hoping to follow him in 2014 . But that scenario did not sit well with Christie and his team of advisers for one glaring reason : He was up for re-election in 2013 , making it next to impossible to run the party committee while also campaigning for his own job in New Jersey . The Garden State 's strict laws governing coordination between party committees made the prospect even more forbidding . Where does Christie go next ? So with a flurry of phone calls and e-mails to his fellow governors , Christie charged ahead and launched a behind-the-scenes campaign to shake up the planned order of succession and take over the RGA in 2014 , multiple Republican sources told CNN . Jindal started whipping up his own votes . Most of the Republicans familiar with their efforts insisted that the brief but intense campaign for the 2014 job , which unfolded in September and October of last year , was collegial and far from rancorous . "  The leadership teams for 2013-2014 were decided last year , " said Phil Cox , the RGA 's executive director . "  Continuity is a hallmark of RGA and Governor Christie -- one of our party 's strongest national leaders -- will continue the strong stewardship of Governor Jindal and prior chairmen . " One senior Republican told CNN that the bout of campaigning was nothing more than "  friendly competition " between the two governors . Said another Republican , with a nod to the ambitions of both men : "  There was a little back and forth . You know the personalities involved . " Will Christie 's moment last ? One GOP operative familiar with the jockeying , however , said Jindal and his team were "  a little frustrated " by Christie 's attempt to pry away a job that the Louisiana governor thought was rightfully his . "  It just kind of took people by surprise , " said the operative , who , like most of the people who spoke about the maneuvering , declined to go on the record discussing internal committee business . "  It came out of left field . It 's not how the organization was structured , really . The RGA had become a very congenial organization without a lot of internal politics . You do n't really shift things that are going well . Bobby had paid his dues . Was it a good move by Christie ? Absolutely . It just rubbed some people the wrong way . " The campaigning grew intense enough that McDonnell fired off an a internal note to his fellow governors urging them to keep their eyes on a more pressing challenge -- the presidential election , then little more than a few weeks away . Christie to GOP : ` If being me is n't good enough , then fine , I will go home ' It soon became clear , though , that "  Christie had the votes , " one person familiar with the whip effort told CNN , citing Christie 's argument that it would be best for him to run the committee after securing re-election in New Jersey . "  It just made sense , " one neutral GOP source said . Other Christie backers on the committee pointed to his ever-growing star power , arguing that his media profile and impressive fundraising acumen would be serious boons for the committee in a busy election year . As the dust began to settle in early October , McDonnell managed to broker a deal in which Jindal would run the committee in 2013 , with Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker as his vice-chairman . Christie would take over the following year , with Jindal as vice-chair . "  The process worked itself out in a quick way and collegial way , " said one Republican with knowledge of the process . "  It was a win-win , though it was probably a little more of a win for Christie . " If there was any tension between Jindal and Christie , it was n't apparent at a news conference Wednesday in which Jindal patted his successor on the back . "  Next year is a very important year for the RGA , " Jindal told reporters in Arizona . "  I think Chris is going to a great job . He 's going to do a great job raising money for the RGA . I think he is going to a great job campaigning across the country for our incumbents and our challengers as well . "	High-profile job allows Christie to gain foothold in key states , mingle with GOP 's big financial backers Previous RGA chairmen have used the job as a national launching pad Christie launched behind the scenes phone and email campaign to shake up order of succession Christie backers say his ever-growing star power will be boon for RGA in a busy election year .
CNN  Myanmar warplanes fighting rebels dropped a bomb at a sugarcane field in China , killing four civilians , the latter 's state media reported Saturday . In addition to the fatalities , nine others were wounded , according to Xinhua news agency . Shortly after the incident Friday , China sent fighter jets to patrol over their shared border . The jets are there to "  track , monitor , warn and chase away " Myanmar military planes , China 's air force told state media . China summoned Myanmar 's ambassador in Beijing after the incident in the border city of Lincang . Liu Zhenmin , the vice foreign minister for China , called on Myanmar to investigate and bring those behind the attack to justice . Myanmar forces have been battling ethnic separatist rebels in the rugged border region across from Yunnan province . In recent incidents , stray gunfire has damaged property on the Chinese side of the border , prompting Beijing to warn Myanmar to ensure safety . There was no immediate reaction from Myanmar .	China sends fighter jets to patrol over border with Myanmar following the incident Report : In addition to the fatalities , nine others were wounded
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela : Two decades before he became the first president of a democratic South Africa , Mandela was sentenced to life imprisonment in June 1974 . Jailed on charges of treason and sabotage -- but fundamentally for his anti-apartheid activities -- he spent nearly 27 years in various prisons . During that time , his mother and son died , and his wife , Winnie Madikizela-Mandela  now his ex-wife  , faced continual arrests and harassment , according to his official biography . Twenty years ago today , Mandela was released from what was known as Victor Verster Prison , near Cape Town . He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 and was elected president in April 1994 . He will turn 92 in July . Today , although frail , he celebrated his February 11 , 1990 , prison release with South Africa 's parliament and with millions of people all over the world . Mandela once said , "  To be free is not merely to cast off one 's chains , but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others . " CNN : South Africa 20 years after Mandela release Nelson Mandela Foundation : Biography Ayatollah Ali Khamenei : Iran 's Supreme leader said on Monday that his country will deliver a "  punch " that will stun the world during the 31st anniversary of the Islamic revolution today . Khamenei told a meeting of air force personnel , "  The Iranian nation , with its unity and God 's grace , will punch the arrogance -LSB- Western powers -RSB- on the 22nd of Bahman -LSB- February 11 -RSB- in a way that will leave them stunned . " Today is the anniversary of the day when revolutionary leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini toppled the U.S.-backed government of the shah , who fled Iran . This key date in Iran 's history comes amid protests by the opposition after last year 's disputed presidential election , won by incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The so-called Green Movement has been protesting for social justice , freedom and democracy in demonstrations throughout the country since the June polls -- using slogans that are often identical to those heard during the 1979 Islamic revolution . Many of the recent demonstrations became violent and bloody . Two leading Iranian opposition leaders have called on supporters to protest today , the day of the anniversary . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has been Iran 's supreme leader for more than 20 years . As a young cleric , his political activism led to many arrests and torture by the shah 's secret police -- the same shah who was supported by the United States and Great Britain . CNN : Iran marks revolution anniversary amid ongoing dissent Christian Science Monitor : Iran 's supreme leader Nicholas George : The 22-year-old senior at Pomona College in California was detained at an airport last August , handcuffed and then jailed for several hours in a holding cell . George passed through a screening checkpoint at the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , airport with a set of Arabic-English flashcards and a book critical of American foreign policy . Also , George 's passport had been stamped in Jordan , where he had studied for a semester , and in Sudan and Egypt , where he 'd gone backpacking . A Transportation Security Administration supervisor arrived and allegedly questioned George aggressively , asking him how he felt about 9/11 , whether he knew "  who did 9/11 , " and whether he knew what language Osama bin Laden spoke . In a lawsuit filed Wednesday , the American Civil Liberties Union and the ACLU of Pennsylvania charge that the TSA officials , the Philadelphia police and the FBI violated George 's Fourth Amendment right to be free from unreasonable seizure and his First Amendment right to free speech . George told CNN he no longer flies with his flashcards and reading material . He said he 's learning Arabic in hopes of one day helping the U.S. government . In September , Dave Davies in the Philadelphia Daily News reported that among the 200 flashcards were words like "  terrorist " and "  explosion . " George told the newspaper last year , "  I did n't have a weapon or anything seditious , just words on paper . As an American citizen , I think I 'm allowed to learn a foreign language and have flashcards . " Philadelphia Daily News : Student traveler handcuffed ACLU : George v. TSA - Complaint for damages CNN : Passenger detained with Arabic flashcards sues Ken Bourland : On January 12 , from his room at the Hotel Montana near Port-au-Prince , Haiti , U.S. Air Force Maj. Ken Bourland sent an e-mail to his wife , Peggy , telling her that he was fine and had just settled in for what was going to be an exciting time taking a disaster preparedness course . It was 4:51 p.m. Less than 10 minutes later , an earthquake leveled much of the Haitian capital , including the Hotel Montana . Peggy Bourland , at home in Florida , saw the news on TV , popped her laptop open and fired off an e-mail : "  Please tell me you 're OK . " No response . Yesterday , CNN received a copy of a message from Air Force Gen. Douglas M. Fraser to his troops , announcing that Bourland 's body was found on Monday in the rubble of the Hotel Montana . He reported that Bourland 's remains were transferred to Dover Air Force Base , Delaware , and met by his wife , family members and fellow service members . Gen. Fraser wrote , "  Many of you knew Ken through his outstanding work as a Caribbean Desk Officer . All of us who worked with Ken regarded him as the consummate Air Force professional , who could always be counted upon for the toughest assignment , as well as a caring teammate who went out of his way to help others and build cohesion amongst his peers . " The Bourlands had two sons and a stepson and their fifth wedding anniversary would have been in March . CNN : E-mail from Haiti , then minutes later , a nightmare Jaimee Grubbs : The 23-year-old Los Angeles , California , cocktail waitress , whose post-Thanksgiving voice mail to Tiger Woods helped lead to the unraveling of the golf great 's pristine public image , gave an exclusive interview to Los Angeles TV station KTLA . She did not deny that her relationship with Woods lasted for nearly three years . She explained that after the car crash incident outside of Woods ' home , she left him a voice mail out of concern , but did n't "  think it through " when she released it to US Weekly magazine . She said all of the subsequent attention has been tough . "  I do n't like to show my emotions . I just do it when nobody 's around , so my friends all think I 'm solid rock , a strong person . But there are times when I get up in the morning , get in the shower , then sit there on the shower floor and cry for 30 minutes . " KTLA : Grubbs sets the record straight What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	20 years ago today , Nelson Mandela was released from prison Iran 's supreme leader says a "  punch " will be delivered during revolution anniversary Jaimee Grubbs says she did n't think through releasing Tiger Woods ' voice mail
CNN  -- Tammy Faye Messner , the former televangelist and Christian singer who battled drug addiction and later inoperable cancer , died Friday morning , CNN 's Larry King said Saturday night . He said the family had asked him to make the delayed announcement . She was 65 . Messner was a guest on "  Larry King Live " on Thursday . She told him she could n't swallow food , and weighed only 65 pounds . King said the family postponed the death announcement for a day so family members could gather . Messner was cremated and interred in a remote part of Kansas at the Kansas-Oklahoma state line , King said . "  The family appreciates all of the well wishes of so many people , " the talk show host said on CNN . "  She wanted a party , " King added . "  They 're going to schedule a party in two to three weeks in Palm Springs , California . Her friends will be invited . And she wanted it to be a celebration . "  She died peacefully . Anyone who saw her on our show this week knew that she did n't have long . " King asked her Thursday if she were "  a little scared . " She responded , "  A little bit , " adding that she mainly worried about her family . Watch Messner on King 's show " She made dramatic appearances on the now-defunct Christian PTL Network she started with then-husband Jim Bakker , its host . Before millions of viewers , she would often break into tears , prompting her trademark heavy mascara to run . "  Our family is deeply saddened by the news of the passing of Tammy Faye , " Bakker said late Saturday . "  She lived her life like the song she sang , ` If Life Hands You a Lemon , Make Lemonade . ' "  My heart aches for my two children , Jamie Charles and Tammy Sue , who loved their mother dearly . They both told me their mom was so full of life that it is hard to believe she is gone . " Bakker said Tammy Sue stayed with her mother almost around-the-clock in the last year to help care for her . "  Tammy Faye 's deep faith in God has kept her throughout her life as well as during these last days of her life . In her last 48 hours , she shared her faith in Jesus Christ on worldwide television with millions of people . " After divorcing Bakker , who became steeped in money and sex scandals , she married Christian construction magnate and former PTL contractor Roe Messner in 1993 . She was married to Bakker for more than 30 years . She underwent surgery for colon cancer in 1996 . In 2004 , she revealed that the disease had spread to her lungs , and in May 2007 she announced that her doctors had stopped trying to treat the illness . In her appearance on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " Tammy Faye Messner was a shadow of her former self . "  I believe when I leave this Earth , because I love the Lord , I am going straight to heaven , " she said . King said she had sought the interview . She told King she was bedridden most of the time , had trouble swallowing food -- hence the weight loss -- and was in near-constant pain . But her sense of humor was still intact . On her Web site , she wrote on Monday , "  I crave hamburgers and french fries with LOTS of ketchup ! When I can eat that again , it will be a day of victory ! " Asked by King what she would most like to be remembered for , Messner replied , "  well , my eyelashes . " Messner wore heavy makeup -- her lip liner , eyeliner and eyebrows were tattooed on . Born Tammy Faye LaValley in International Falls , Minnesota , she married Bakker in 1961 . From 1966 to 1973 , the Bakkers co-hosted "  The 700 Club , " on the Christian Broadcasting Network , founded by television evangelist and Christian Coalition founder the Rev. Pat Robertson . They began The PTL Club -- with the initials standing for "  Praise The Lord " or "  People That Love " -- in 1974 and later expanded it into a television network . At the height of its popularity , PTL was bringing in more than $ 128 million annually and was carried on 1,300 cable systems with 12 million subscribers . In 1978 , the Heritage USA theme park opened at the network 's headquarters in Fort Mill , South Carolina . The Heritage USA Grand Hotel was added in 1984 and a water park in 1986 . That year , more than 6 million people visited the park , making it the nation 's third most popular attraction after Walt Disney World and Disneyland . On March 19 , 1987 , Jim Bakker resigned from PTL in the face of a scandal involving an affair seven years earlier with Jessica Hahn , a secretary he paid to keep quiet . Hahn received a one-time $ 115,000 payment and monthly interest payments from a $ 150,000 trust fund . The following month , PTL filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . Also in 1987 , Tammy Faye Bakker was treated at the Betty Ford Center for prescription drug addiction . And in December 1988 , Jim Bakker was indicted for fraud and conspiring to defraud churchgoers of $ 158 million . Tammy Faye Bakker was not named in the indictment . In 1989 , Heritage USA and the Grand Hotel closed , and Jim Bakker was convicted of 24 counts of fraud and conspiracy and sentenced to 45 years in prison . Tammy Faye Bakker divorced him while he was incarcerated , and Jim Bakker was paroled in December 1994 . Asked by King on Thursday what she would change in her life if she could , Tammy Faye Messner replied , "  I do n't think about that , Larry , because that 's just a waste of good brain space . " When King suggested that she might want to forget the PTL Club , she said , "  I have gotten over that , thank God . That was a terrible , horribly bad experience . " The Bakkers ' 30-year-old son , Jay , is a pastor who co-founded the Revolution Church in Brooklyn , New York -- a church aimed at those who feel rejected by traditional approaches to Christianity , stating on the church 's Web site that he wrestled with religion after seeing the "  excommunicative " treatment his parents experienced from the church after the scandal . Tammy Faye Messner has also been known as one of the few evangelical Christians who had the support of the gay community . She was one of the first televangelists to reach out to those with AIDS when it was a little-known and much-feared disease . In return , she told King in July , "  When I went -- when we lost everything , it was the gay people that came to my rescue , and I will always love them for that . " She was able to bounce back after PTL folded . In 1996 , she co-hosted the "  Jim J. and Tammy Faye Show " with gay actor Jim J. Bullock . In 2000 , a documentary based on her life , "  The Eyes of Tammy Faye , " was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival . And in 2003 , she appeared on The WB network 's reality show , "  The Surreal Life . " Over her life , Messner also recorded more than 25 albums and wrote several books . In 1996 , she wrote her autobiography , "  Telling it My Way . " She also wrote "  Run to the Roar , " a book about overcoming fear , and in 2003 wrote her last book , "  I Will Survive , and You Will Too . " Despite her battle with cancer , Messner told King she kept her Christian faith , instructing her doctors not to tell her how much time they believed she had left . "  I do n't have any date written on me anywhere that says I 'm going to die at any time , and so I just give it to the Lord , " she said . Asked if she had a message for her fans , she replied : "  I 'd like to say that I genuinely love you , and I genuinely care , and I genuinely want to see you in heaven someday . I want you to find peace . I want you to find joy . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Ex-husband Jim Bakker : "  She lived her life like the song she sang " Televangelist famed for heavy makeup , frequent tears dead at 65 She made a final appearance Thursday on "  Larry King Live " Former singer survived PTL scandal , drug addiction
CNN  -- Benjamin Todd Jealous will step down as president of the NAACP after five years as president of the oldest and largest U.S. civil rights organization , he announced Sunday . "  The NAACP has always been the largest civil rights organization in the streets , and today it is also the largest civil rights organization online , on mobile and at the ballot box too , " Jealous said in a statement issued Sunday afternoon . "  I am proud to leave the Association financially sound , sustainable , focused , and more powerful than ever . " Jealous , 40 , was named president 2008 after working as a community organizer , a newspaper editor and Amnesty International official . He took over from Bruce Gordon , a retired telecommunications executive who clashed with the NAACP 's governing board . In announcing his resignation , he said he wanted to spend "  a lot more time with my young family . " Jealous and his wife , Lia , have two children , a 1-year-old son and a 7-year-old daughter . "  My chair asked me when I called her , she said , ` Well , is there someone who 's luring you away ? ' " Jealous told CNN . "  And I said , ` Yes , there is . His name is Jack , and her name is Morgan . ' " No successor was announced in the statement , in which NAACP board Chairman Roslyn Brock credited Jealous with building a staff able to "  meet the civil rights challenges of the 21st century . " During his tenure , Jealous was a prominent voice against laws the NAACP argued made it harder to vote , such as voter-ID laws passed in numerous states in the past several years . Recently , Jealous condemned as "  outrageous " the Supreme Court 's decision to strike down a key portion of the 1965 Voting Rights Act and lobbied Congress to re-authorize the provisions that the court killed . "  We are on a real fight on voting rights , and it 's likely to be a generational battle , " he told CNN . "  It 's being waged against us by people who are fully cognizant that in 2043 , this country becomes majority people of color , and they 're trying to hold on to the old order for as long as possible . " But he said he was confident that leaders in Congress -- including Democrats like civil rights movement veteran John Lewis and Republicans like James Sensenbrenner , a leading member of the House Judiciary Committee -- support restoring provisions the court struck down . He said the organization 's state chapters are strong and that the national organization has doubled its fund-raising take in the past five years . Jealous also advocated easing restrictions on voting by ex-felons ; supported efforts to tighten regulations on gun sales after the massacre at a Connecticut elementary school in December ; and was particularly outspoken over the February 2012 killing of Trayvon Martin , the Florida teen shot to death by a neighborhood watch volunteer . He called for the resignation of the police chief in Sanford , Florida , accusing him of mishandling the case by failing to arrest the volunteer , George Zimmerman . Prosecutors eventually brought second-degree murder charges Zimmerman , who was acquitted in July . The NAACP has called for the federal government to charge Zimmerman with violating Martin 's civil rights after the acquittal , which Jealous said left the impression "  that our young people have to fear the bad guys and the good guys -- the robbers and the cops and the self-appointed community watch volunteer who thinks that they 're keeping folks safer . "	NEW : Voting rights fight is a "  generational battle , " Jealous tells CNN Jealous says he wants to spend more time with family He advocated for voting rights , gun regulations during his five-year tenure No successor was immediately named
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Questions surrounding Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's past speeches generated more controversy in the final day of her Supreme Court confirmation hearings Thursday , as Democrats again called her a mainstream jurist and Republicans portrayed her as a liberal activist likely to legislate from the bench . Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor greets Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , Thursday . One GOP senator said Sotomayor 's most controversial speeches "  bug the hell out of me , " an expression of frustration as Republicans tried -- with little success -- to get Sotomayor to reveal more about her personal views in her fourth and final day of questioning . GOP critics also summoned New Haven , Connecticut , firefighter Frank Ricci , who was the lead plaintiff in perhaps the most controversial case in Sotomayor 's appellate career . Ricci testified that her 2008 rejection of his reverse discrimination claim had undermined the concept of a merit-based civil service system . In a potential sign of Sotomayor 's strong political momentum , however , Senate Republicans indicated they do not intend to filibuster her nomination on the Senate floor . They also indicated their belief that the full Senate would vote on her nomination before breaking for its August recess . Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , said he plans to put a confirmation vote for Sotomayor on the committee 's calendar for next Tuesday . The committee 's questions once again touched on a range of hot-button issues , including gun control , abortion , same-sex marriage , the death penalty , and the role of international law in American jurisprudence . "  I think you 're a walking , talking example of the best part of the United States of America , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , told Sotomayor . "  It is my belief that you are going to be a great Supreme Court justice . " South Carolina GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham was less complimentary , telling Sotomayor that she has "  said some things that have bugged the hell out of me , " but he quickly conceded that her judicial record has "  been generally in the mainstream . " "  Your speeches are disturbing , particularly to conservatives , " Graham said . "  Those speeches to me suggested gender and racial affiliations in a way that a lot of us wonder , will you take that line of thinking to the Supreme Court in these cases of first precedent . " But , Graham conceded , "  to be honest with you , your record as a judge has not been radical by any means . ... You have , I think , consistently , as an advocate , took a point of view that was left of center . " Graham defended the importance of probing Sotomayor 's political beliefs by highlighting the high court 's 1955 landmark ruling in Brown v. Board of Education , which mandated the desegregation of schools . The ruling was "  instructive in the sense that the court pushed the country to do something politicians were not brave enough to do , " he said . Watch Graham talk about Sotomayor 's record " The personal views of Supreme Court justices matter , he argued , because "  you 're not going to find a law book that tells you " how to rule on contentious social issues such as same-sex marriage or whether there is a "  fundamental " right to bear arms . Sotomayor later fired back at the Republican line of questioning , asking Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , if he wanted a judge who pre-decided cases before hearing the evidence and facts . Watch Sotomayor 's record on discrimination " "  Would you want a judge or nominee who came in here and said , ' I agree with you , this is unconstitutional , ' before I had a case before me ? " Sotomayor said , adding : "  I do n't think that 's a justice I can be . " She noted that the Supreme Court spends considerable time on cases , including Second Amendment cases involving gun control -- an issue Republicans have repeatedly emphasized during her confirmation hearings . The National Rifle Association , unswayed by Sotomayor 's assertion earlier in the week that she recognizes an individual right to bear arms , announced Thursday that it is opposed to her nomination . "  We believe any individual who does not agree that the Second Amendment guarantees a fundamental right and who does not respect our God-given right of self-defense should not serve on any court , much less the highest court in the land , " said a joint statement by Wayne LaPierre , the NRA executive vice president , and Chris W. Cox , executive director of the NRA 's Institute for Legislative Reform . Sotomayor repeatedly said she recognizes an individual right to firearms in the wake of the Supreme Court 's decision in the 2007 case District of Columbia v. Heller . The high court in that instance ruled that a sweeping handgun ban in the nation 's capital violated the constitutional right to "  keep and bear arms . " Sotomayor refused to say , however , whether she believed the right is "  fundamental , " which in legal terms refers to whether a federal statute applies to the states . On gun control , as in other issues , Sotomayor repeated that the Constitution and facts of the case would be the basis of her rulings . The highly charged issue of affirmative action surfaced most prominently later in the day , when Frank Ricci testified before the committee . Ricci was one of a group of 20 mostly white firefighters who sued the city of New Haven after the city threw out the results of a 2003 firefighter promotion exam because almost no minorities qualified for promotions . The 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals -- including Sotomayor -- backed the city in the 2008 case Ricci v. DeStefano . The ruling of the Circuit Court was overturned in June by a 5-4 ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court . The "  belief that citizens should be reduced to racial statistics is flawed , " Ricci told the members of the Senate Judiciary Committee . "  It only divides people who do n't wish to be divided along racial lines . The very reason we have civil service rules is to root out politics , discrimination , and nepotism . Our case demonstrates that these ills will exist if the rules of merit and the law are not followed . " Ricci also criticized the 2nd Circuit for disposing "  of our case in an unsigned , unpublished summary order that consisted of a single paragraph . " Sotomayor was not present when Ricci spoke . She told committee members earlier in the week , however , that her ruling in the Ricci case was decided on the basis of "  a very thorough , 78-page decision by the district court " and followed a firmly established precedent . Watch Ricci testify at hearings " The Supreme Court applied a new standard , she claimed , based on a different area of law . If she were ruling on that case today , she said , she would be bound by the new standards set by the Supreme Court . Ricci was one of a long list of witnesses who testified both for and against Sotomayor . Linda Chavez , head of the conservative Center for Equal Opportunity , which opposes affirmative action , argued that "  it is clear " from Sotomayor 's record "  that she has drunk deep from the well of identity politics . " It is impossible for Sotomayor to be a fair judge , Chavez claimed , when she has "  shown a willingness to let her policy preferences guide her . " Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel testified on Sotomayor 's behalf , arguing that her opinion in the Ricci was case , in fact , an example of judicial restraint . It followed a string of legal precedents , he claimed , dating back almost three decades . FBI Director Louis Freeh and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg also testified in favor of Sotomayor . Bloomberg told committee members that she is an "  independent jurist " with "  sharp and agile mind " who would bring "  a wealth of unique experience " to the high court . Committee Republicans , unswayed by such assertions , once again examined Sotomayor 's controversial statement that a "  wise Latina " could reach a better decision than a white man . Asked what she would say to people offended by her remarks , Sotomayor said that she regrets that she has "  offended some people . I believe that my life demonstrates that that was not my intent to leave the impression that some have taken from my words . " Sotomayor was also asked to explain her remarks from a 2001 speech in which she said she agreed that "  there is no objective stance but only a series of perspectives -- no neutrality , no escape from choice in judging . " She told the committee that , in every case , the two opposing parties view the facts from vastly different perspectives . "  You ca n't just throw up your hands and say I 'm not going to rule , " she said . There is a choice in judging , which means "  you have to rule . " CNN 's Dana Bash and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	NEW : Senate wraps up Sotomayor 's confirmation hearings Chief plaintiff in Ricci case testifies during final day of confirmation hearings Republicans fail to get nominee to reveal more about her personal views GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham says Sonia Sotomayor 's judicial record "  mainstream "
Rome  CNN  -- Under furious assault from conservative Catholics , the Vatican backtracked Tuesday on its surprisingly positive assessment of gays and same-sex relationships . In a report Monday , the Vatican had said that gays and lesbians have "  gifts to offer " the Christian community and acknowledged that same-sex couples can give "  precious support " to one other . The statement , an interim report from a closely watched meeting of Catholic clergy here , was widely praised by liberals . It is believed to be the first time the Vatican has said anything positive about gay relationships . One longtime Vatican journalist called the statement a "  pastoral earthquake . " But many conservatives complained that the statement watered down church teaching and did not accurately reflect their discussions here , where nearly 200 Catholic leaders are meeting to debate pastoral approaches to modern family life . One South African cardinal called Monday 's statement , which also included positive language about unmarried couples who cohabitate , "  irredeemable . " "  The message has gone out that this is what the synod is saying , this is what the Catholic Church is saying , " said Cardinal Wilfrid Fox Napier , referring to the special meeting of Catholic clergy gathered here through Saturday . "  It 's not what we 're saying at all . " In response to such reactions , the Vatican backtracked a bit Tuesday . In a statement , it said the report on gays and lesbians was a "  working document , " not the final word from Rome . The Vatican also said that it wanted to welcome gays and lesbians in the church , but not create "  the impression of a positive evaluation " of same-sex relationships , or , for that matter , of unmarried couples who live together . But gay rights groups say that 's precisely the impression the Vatican gave Monday when it said : "  Homosexuals have gifts and qualities to offer to the Christian community . Are we capable of welcoming these people , guaranteeing to them a fraternal space in our communities ? Often they wish to encounter a church that offers them a welcoming home . Are our communities capable of providing that , accepting and valuing their sexual orientation , without compromising Catholic doctrine on the family and matrimony ? " Such statements seem to be in line with the more merciful approach the church has taken toward gays and lesbians under Pope Francis . In 2013 , Francis famously said , "  Who am I to judge ? " gay people . On Monday morning , just before the Vatican released its positive report on gays , Francis preached that laws that do not lead people to Jesus are "  dead ; " what 's more , Christ did "  strange things " such as hanging out with sinners and tax collectors , the Pope preached , seemingly tipping his hand about the Vatican 's direction . The overarching goal of the meeting here , officially called the Extraordinary Synod of Bishops on the Family , is to present proposals for a larger gathering to be held in October 2015 . Which means there 's a long road ahead before any doctrinal or pastoral changes happen in the church . In the meantime , conservative and liberal bishops have been fiercely jousting in the court of public opinion . Monday 's report only increased the war of words . Cardinal Raymond Burke , an American and head of the Vatican 's supreme court , said the report "  lacks a solid foundation in the sacred Scriptures . " Other conservatives called it a "  betrayal . " Opinion : 3 ways the Catholic church should embrace gay rights Liberal Catholics and gay activists , on the other hand , heralded Monday 's statement and said that some conservative pushback was probably inevitable , given how hostile some corners of the church are to change . "  I actually do n't think this is as much of a backtrack as we usually see ! " said Marianne Duddy-Burke , head of the gay rights group Dignity USA . "  I think that response to this report was swift and intense , and I 'm sure many bishops want to be sure people are n't reading more into it than is there , " she continued . "  However , it is undeniable that there has never been any Vatican document that made positive , respectful statements about same-sex relationships , so that is an undeniable breakthrough . " Francis DeBernardo , executive director of New Ways Ministry , echoed that sentiment . "  Regardless of the fact that this is a working document , it is still significant in that it reveals a strong current of affirmative attitudes at high levels in the church towards lesbians and gay people , " he said .	Liberal Catholics and gay activists heralded Vatican 's initial statement Vatican had said that gays and lesbians have "  gifts to offer " the Christian community Vatican retreats a bit Tuesday after pushback from conservative Catholics Report was a "  working document , " not the final word from Rome , Vatican says
Sam Kane Beef Processors of Corpus Christi , Texas , has recalled 90,987 pounds of ground beef products after consumers complained about finding pieces of metal inside the meat , the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Saturday . The USDA said four consumers complained , with one person reporting a chipped tooth . The pieces of metal were reported to be about 3mm , a USDA press release said . Alfred Bausch , general manager for the company , said all the products were shipped to Texas retail outlets . "  It was not a food safety issue , " he said . "  It was a foreign object and the foreign object was very small . " The press release said these products are subject to recall : -- 3-pound packages of "  HEB Ground Chuck , " bearing the establishment number "  337 , " a production date of "  09/12/14 " and a use by date of "  10/02/14 . " -- 5-pound packages of "  HEB Ground Beef , " "  73 % LEAN 27 % FAT , " bearing the establishment number "  337 , " a production date of "  09/15/14 " and a use by date of "  10/05/14 . " -- 10-pound packages of "  HEB Ground Beef , " "  73 % LEAN 27 % FAT , " bearing the establishment number "  337 , " a production date of "  09/18/14 " and a use by date of "  10/08/14 . " -- 10-pound clear film packages of formed patties made from Sam Kane Beef Processors "  Ground Chuck , " bearing the establishment number "  337 , " a production date of "  9/09/14 " and a use by date of "  9/29/14 . " The USDA said the products bear the establishment number "  337 " inside the USDA mark of inspection . The press release said this is a Class II recall , meaning "  there is a remote probability of adverse health consequences from the use of the product . " The company website says Sam Kane Beef was founded in 1949 . A group of Texas ranchers and cattlemen purchased the company in 2013 , the website said .	Four consumers reported finding piece of metal in the beef , USDA says Beef products were shipped to Texas retail outlets Products bear the establishment number "  337 " inside the USDA mark of inspection
