DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama laid out his plan for change in America as he accepted the Democratic presidential nomination Thursday night , securing his place in history as the first African-American to lead a major party ticket . Sen. Barack Obama accepted his party 's nomination for the presidency Thursday night . "  Change happens because the American people demand it -- because they rise up and insist on new ideas and new leadership , a new politics for a new time . America , this is one of those moments , " he told supporters at the Democratic National Convention . "  I believe that as hard as it will be , the change we need is coming . " Obama pitted himself against John McCain , repeatedly countering attacks from his Republican rival while casting the election as a choice between change and failure , as he addressed tens of thousands of cheering people and millions of primetime TV viewers . McCain would continue the policies of the Bush administration , Obama said . "  We are here because we love this country too much to let the next four years look just like the last eight . On November 4 , we must stand up and say : ` Eight is enough , ' " he told the Denver throng . In addition to slamming McCain on Iraq , energy policy and health care , Obama said his rival for the White House is out of touch with the concerns of the average American . Watch Obama 's entire speech : Part 1 " | Part 2 " "  He said that our economy has made ` great progress ' under this president . He said that the fundamentals of the economy are strong . And when one of his chief advisers -- the man who wrote his economic plan -- was talking about the anxiety Americans are feeling , he said that we were just suffering from a ` mental recession , ' and that we 've become , and I quote , ' a nation of whiners , ' " Obama said , eliciting boos from the crowd . "  It 's not because John McCain does n't care , " Obama said . "  It 's because John McCain does n't get it . " Watch Obama blast the status quo " The speech marked the culmination of the four-day convention in Denver , during which party leaders pushed to heal the rift from a bitter and prolonged primary battle between Obama and Sen. Hillary Clinton . By Thursday , Obama had received clear endorsements from Clinton and her husband former President Bill Clinton . Watch highlights from the convention " By early evening , the line of people seeking to get into Invesco Field to hear Obama 's address stretched for six miles , and the crowd that filled the stadium was more than 80,000 strong . "  I stand before you tonight because all across America something is stirring , " Obama told the audience . "  What the naysayers do n't understand is that this election has never been about me . It 's about you . " Watch Obama accept the historic nomination " In a statement issued immediately after the speech , the McCain campaign called the speech "  misleading " and said it was "  fundamentally at odds with the meager record of Barack Obama . " "  When the temple comes down , the fireworks end , and the words are over , the facts remain : Sen. Obama still has no record of bipartisanship , still opposes offshore drilling , still voted to raise taxes on those making just $ 42,000 per year , and still voted against funds for American troops in harm 's way . The fact remains : Barack Obama is still not ready to be president , " said a statement from the campaign . The "  temple " is a reference to the columns that formed the backdrop for Obama 's speech . Grade Obama 's speech Obama also outlined his promises for the nation -- vowing to cut taxes , end the country 's dependence on oil from the Middle East and offer affordable healthcare for all Americans . He also pledged to end the war in Iraq responsibly , and "  finish the fight against al Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan . " iReport.com : Watch and share your thoughts on Obama 's speech He wrapped up his speech by telling the crowd , "  America , we can not turn back . We can not walk alone . At this moment , in this election , we must pledge once more to march into the future . " Watch as fireworks mark the end of the convention " The crowd gave Obama a roaring welcome and met lines of his speech with chants of his catchphrase , "  Yes , we can . " Many political pundits said Obama hit it out of the park with his nearly 50-minute speech , and those in attendance agreed . See what CNN analysts have to say about Obama 's speech " "  It was an excellent home run , " said Matt Besser , an Obama representative to the DNC platform committee . "  He did everything he needed to do . He gracefully dissected John McCain and then set out his own vision , and clearly everyone got it . " In the hours leading up to the speech , a star-studded line up of musicians performed , including Stevie Wonder , John Legend , Sheryl Crow and Will.i.am . Watch musicians perform at the convention " The scene was much like a rock concert , with the foot-stomping , flag-waving crowd dancing and bouncing beach balls as they awaited Obama 's arrival . When Obama officially locked in his party 's nomination on Wednesday , delegates sobbed , cheered and hugged in celebration of the historic moment . The Democratic candidate 's address fell on the 45th anniversary of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I have a dream " speech . In an emotional tribute to the slain civil rights leader earlier in the evening , King 's children paid respect to their father and said he would have been proud of the party and the generation that would realize his dream . Civil rights hero Rep. John Lewis and Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. , son of civil rights leader Jesse Jackson , were seen hugging each other and weeping . McCain also honored Obama 's achievement in a television ad that aired during the convention . Earlier in the evening , former presidential candidate Al Gore turned the focus to the environment , an issue that received little attention earlier in the week . He also invoked the bitterly disputed 2000 presidential election to argue that Americans should elect Obama in November . Read about Gore 's address "  Eight years ago , some said there was not much difference between the nominees of the two major parties and it did n't really matter who became president , " he told delegates . "  But here we all are in 2008 , and I doubt anyone would argue now that election did n't matter , " he said . Next week , it 's the Republicans turn . Their four-day convention gets underway Monday in Minneapolis-St . Paul , Minnesota .	Barack Obama pits himself against John McCain Obama lays out roadmap for improving the economy Tens of thousands pile into Invesco Field to watch the speech Al Gore urges Americans to vote for change ; vote for Obama
CNN  -- After dealing a walloping blow to Haiti , where at least six people died and a number of homes were destroyed , Tropical Storm Tomas weakened rapidly Sunday , the National Hurricane Center said . As of 4 p.m. ET , Tomas was located about 500 miles  805 kilometers  south-southwest of Bermuda , forecasters said . It was downgraded to a tropical storm early Sunday . Its maximum sustained winds were at 60 mph  95 kph  , but Tomas was not posing a threat to land . The storm was heading north-northeast at near 3 mph  6 kph  . It was forecast to turn northeast or east-northeast and accelerate in the next couple of days , the Hurricane Center said in its last advisory on Tomas . Further weakening is expected , forecasters said . In Haiti , a nation still grappling with the effects of a killer earthquake and a deadly cholera outbreak this year , Tomas ruined houses and turned some streets into rivers . Six people were also killed by the storm , according to the Haitian Civil Protection Authority . January 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake killed 250,000 people and left 1 million more homeless . Many of those Haitians have been living in tent camps , and aid workers had been working in recent days to move the residents to safer housing , which was difficult to find . Aid workers were already struggling to keep up with the cholera outbreak , which has killed 501 people since the first cases were reported in October . An additional 7,000 are hospitalized . The bacterial disease causes diarrhea and vomiting that can lead to deadly dehydration within hours . In Leogane , west of Haiti 's capital of Port-au-Prince , residents waded in knee-deep water after Tomas . Box trucks got stuck in water , said relief worker Roseann Dennery of Samaritan 's Purse . While the flooding receded somewhat over the weekend , the threat of waterborne disease remained a concern . "  Samaritan 's Purse is moving quickly to set up cholera treatment centers in areas where there currently are n't any , and where new cases are appearing as the bacteria continues to spread , " Dennery said . Mudslides also remain a risk because many of the nation 's mountains have been stripped of vegetation , which means rain can flow downhill relatively unimpeded , said CNN meteorologist Reynolds Wolf . "  We could see mudslides a week after the storm has passed , " Wolf said . Tomas has also dumped more than 10 inches of rain in the Dominican Republic . Earlier , it caused extensive damage and killed 12 people on St. Lucia and also caused damage on St. Vincent . CNN 's Paula Newton contributed to this report .	NEW : Storm is expected to weaken further Tomas killed 6 on Haiti and flooded some areas Earlier , Tomas killed 12 on St. Lucia
Clearwater , Florida  CNN  -- Jury selection in the Casey Anthony murder trial continued Saturday afternoon following the rejection of nine potential jurors , including one man who posted to his Facebook account that he had a "  title , cover and all " ready for a book about the case . Attorneys and Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. of the Orange County Superior Court had allowed four potential jurors through from questioning by day 's end , one a 22-year-old man who said he paid no attention to the news and another a grandmother of a 2-year-old girl who described herself as "  firm and fair . " Anthony , 25 , is charged with capital murder in the death of her daughter , 2-year-old Caylee , whose body was found in woods near her family 's home in 2008 . She has pleaded not guilty . She faces six other charges , including aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter of a child and misleading law enforcement . Jury selection is occurring at the Pinellas County courthouse . Candidates were questioned Saturday about everything from their news-watching habits to criminal records . After questioning and quickly dismissing five jurors Saturday morning for reasons ranging from financial hardship to bias , lawyers and the judge began questioning a 22-year-old man who said he does n't follow the news "  because it 's just awful . " Assistant State 's Attorney Jeff Ashton questioned whether the man would be able to bear the grim details of the case . "  You 've already told us you live your life avoiding unpleasant things like the news , " Ashton said . "  Are you absolutely sure you can do it ? " "  Yes , sir , " the candidate replied . "  No doubt in your mind ? " Ashton asked . "  No , sir , " the man replied . When asked by lead defense attorney Jose Baez whether his decision would be influenced if Anthony declines to testify on her own behalf , the candidate said "  I can definitely understand not wanting to be up here . " The line elicited laughter from nearly everyone in the courtroom , including Anthony . Anthony 's lead defense attorney sought to have the man dismissed for failing to disclose an entanglement with the law over apparent marijuana possession , but the judge refused . He was ordered to stand by for possible duty . Perry later approved the dismissal of a man who posted on his Facebook page what the potential juror said was a joking reference to a "  book coming soon " after announcing he had been called for potential jury duty on a big trial . "  Already have the title , cover and all , " Assistant State 's Attorney Frank George said in reciting one of the posts . Also dismissed was a woman who said she had lost a son in a car accident that required an extensive police investigation . She said she viewed the charge that Anthony had lied to investigators as evidence of "  guilt by omission . " During the afternoon session , Perry dismissed a man who said he was irrevocably opposed to the death penalty . After extensive questioning by attorneys , he told a grandmother who remembered "  sweet pictures " of Caylee but said she had no preconceived notions of the case to stand by for duty . The two other jurors who will be contenders for the final jury pool are a woman in her 60s who does n't own a computer , and a 43-year-old man who said that while he 's occasionally seen newspaper headlines that suggest Anthony is guilty , he said he is able to set that aside . "  I 've also read that Donald Trump is an alien , and that Elvis is still alive and living in Graceland , " the man said . At the end of the rare Saturday session around 5:30 p.m. , the judge said the court would be in recess until 8:30 a.m. Monday . In allowing the four candidates Saturday to pass to the next phase , the judge and attorneys increased the pool of potential jurors who have not been dismissed for one reason or another to 12 , although attorneys still have until the jurors are sworn in to seek their dismissal , according to the judge . Perry said he would begin swearing in jurors once the number of unrejected candidates reaches 15 . Coming into Saturday 's session , eight people were considered viable candidates for the jury . Twelve jurors and eight alternates will eventually be seated on the jury , which will be moved to and sequestered in Orange County , where the alleged crime happened and where the trial will take place . Jury selection was moved from Orlando to Clearwater amid intense media coverage of the case , which could make it difficult to select an impartial jury . Perry said Friday that it is imperative to seat a jury as quickly as possible before more potential jurors are swayed by the media coverage . "  The longer we wait , the more dangers there are , " he said . The goal is to have everything finalized for opening arguments Tuesday in Orlando . Prosecutors have said they plan to show Anthony used "  a substance " to kill her daughter . The girl 's skeletal remains were found in December 2008 in woods near the Anthony home after she went missing for six months . In Session 's Michael Christian contributed to this report .	NEW : Two more join 10 others who are considered viable jury pool candidates Twelve jurors and eight alternates must be picked before Casey Anthony 's trial Opening arguments are planned for Tuesday in Orlando Anthony is accused of killing her daughter , Caylee , and then lying to investigators
CNN  -- With all passengers and crew aboard Asiana Airlines Flight 214 from Seoul now accounted for , air crash investigators are beginning the painstaking search for clues as to why the incident , which killed at least two people , happened . While the sequence of events that led to accident remains unclear , witnesses described hearing a "  boom " as the Boeing 777 appeared to come in short , touching down heavily on the runway close to the water 's edge at San Francisco International Airport before it disappeared in a cloud of smoke . Parts of the aircraft , including its tail section and engines , snapped off as it spun off the tarmac on its belly . Passenger : ' I just crash landed at SFO . I 'm ok . Surreal ' "  For whatever reason , the pilot did not have enough power available to correct the rate of descent that brought him into contact with the ground before he wanted to be there , " Jim Tilmon , an aviation expert and former airline pilot , told CNN . "  There are a number of other considerations that may or may not have been made clear : One of them has to do with the fact that at least on one other occasion -- with a -LSB- Boeing -RSB- 777 in London -- they were on approach to land and they also ended up landing short . It 's my understanding that it was all because of a fuel situation . For one reason or another , the throttles were moving but the engines were not increasing their thrust . Therefore they landed short of the runway and short of the power they needed to continue with a safe landing . " British Airways Flight 38 from Beijing landed short of the runway at London 's Heathrow airport in January 2008 after losing critical power as it prepared to touch down . Fortunately , the pilot was able to partially control the impact , allowing everyone on board to escape serious injury . Investigators believe the incident was caused by ice in the fuel system of the Boeing 777 . Their report suggested the aircraft passed through unusually cold air over Siberia as it traveled from the Chinese capital . "  Mechanical things can be present in these airplanes that will make it impossible for the crew to do the things that they know how to do , " Tilmon added . Todd Curtis , a former Boeing aviation safety engineer , agreed Flight 214 's touch down point was far shorter than intended . "  It should never even have been close to hitting the seawall at the edge of the runway like that , " he said . Curtis said the pilot rather than the computer would have been in control at this point . "  Typically the pilot would be hand-flying the plane right at the final approach . This was a relatively good-weather day . They did n't have to have a full auto-land system in place -- even when you have a lot of automated systems right before touch down , you 're going to have the pilots under positive control of the aircraft , " he said . "  As for why it hit the runway the way it did , or how fast it was , it depends in the weight of the aircraft and other factors . But this is something that has to be discovered through the cockpit voice recorder and the digital flight data recorder . "  How fast this aircraft was going , both horizontally along the ground and its vertical speed , that may be the critical factor that made it land so short . "  The initial impact was strong enough to cause both horizontal stabilizers and the vertical fin to come off the aircraft . This was major , major structural damage , which made it very difficult to control the aircraft . " Flight data recorders recovered from crash Curtis said investigators would be keen to speak to the crew as soon as possible . "  Of course we have all sorts of information from the ` black boxes ' but the state of mind of the pilots -- why they made the decisions they did prior to landing -- is something that would be very important to know . "  Also , from outward appearances , until the very end of the flight it looks as though things on the flight were normal . One question I would like to ask those pilots is : ` was there anything going on in the minutes or hours leading up to the landing where you were taken off your usual schedule , where you doing things not on the checklist , where you are not following procedures ? Was there anything out of place or out of the ordinary ? ' " Why crash was survivable	Witnesses describe hearing a "  boom " as the flight from Seoul landed short Tilmon : "  Pilot did not have enough power available to correct the rate of descent " A British Airways Boeing 777 landed short at London Heathrow in 2008 due to ice in fuel Curtis : Information from crew about moments before landing will be critical
CNN  -- Six inches of snow in Chicago . A foot or so plastering the Upper Midwest . And up to 20 inches expected just west of Washington . Surely , there 's a silver lining to these snow clouds though , right ? Do n't they bring much-needed moisture to parched states ? Not quite . Snow is very fluffy , and it takes up to a foot of it to squeeze out an inch of rain , meteorologists say . Snowfall is "  definitely a benefit , but not a drought-buster , " said CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . Many drought-stricken states need a foot of rain , not snow . Frozen ground When the ground is frozen , little of the moisture left by snow sinks into the soil . "  All of the snow that has fallen over the winter by and large remains on top of the landscape , " said Minnesota 's state climatologist Greg Spoden . Winter storm moves in on D.C. . When the sun comes out , it melts the snow first , while the ground remains hard , causing the water to flow off into lakes and rivers , or evaporating , instead of sinking in . Lake City , Minnesota , has received 11.5 inches of snow since Sunday morning , which amounts to about an inch of rain . Not much for a state with levels of soil moisture near all-time lows , according to Minnesota 's Department of Natural Resources . "  Even flooding at this point wo n't alleviate a drought , " the agency said . But the recent snow will give river and lake levels a nice bump . The snow sent motorists sliding off of slick roads Tuesday , in spite of widespread coverage with salt spread by trucks . Plains states have it worst Comparatively , Minnesota does n't have it that bad , according to U.S. Drought Monitor . About half of the United States is now "  abnormally " to "  moderately " dry , or worse . Things look particularly bad west of the Mississippi River . When 21 inches fell on Wichita , Kansas , in February , it broke a monthly snowfall record set in 1913 . But the state is still plagued by "  severe , " "  extreme " and "  exceptional " drought , U.S. Drought Monitor said . Oklahoma and Kansas will keep more of the moisture the snow left behind , because the ground there is n't frozen , said meteorologist Joel Widenor . Only one state is drier , Nebraska , where U.S. Drought Monitor is located at the University of Nebraska in Lincoln . Most of the state is going through an "  exceptional " drought . Climate change and snowfall Record snow falls combined with record drought comes as no surprise to climatologists studying climate change . Total snowfall in the western half of the country is dropping , said Princeton climatologist Sarah Kapnick , which will mean less accumulation of moisture from snow . At the same time , the storms that sweep the United States should grow more intense , said meteorologist Marshall Shepherd from the University of Georgia . With global warming , "  we 're loading the dice or stacking the deck toward more intense blizzards , " he said . River water levels Snowfall has bolstered water levels on the Mississippi River , which had dropped due to drought , said Ann McCulloch , spokeswoman for American Waterways Operators . When high temperatures dried out much of the country last summer , barges were restricted to floating at a depth of nine feet instead of 12 feet . Recent snows have pushed water levels up enough to allow barges to run at 12 feet of depth again . McCulloch is afraid this might not hold , when the summer heat returns . Water where it 's not needed As the current storm reaches the Atlantic coast , dumping snow on the nation 's capital , the white precipitation should become slushier and deliver more moisture per foot of snow , according to CNN 's Weather Center . The District of Columbia and Baltimore are bracing for potentially significant accumulations , according to the National Weather Service . Snow plows have been readied . Airlines have canceled flights to and from Washington 's Dulles airport ahead of the storm 's arrival : United 650 , U.S. Airways 350 , American 20 . But by the time the storm gets there , it could turn to rain . The Northeast does n't need it . It is already plenty moist , Drought Monitor said . In the parched Plains states , snow has n't helped enough . They could use that rain . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Dana Ford and Phil Gast contributed to this report	It takes up to a foot of snow to deliver an inch of rain About half of the United States is too dry Chicago sets snowfall record for the day
CNN  -- "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " hit thousands of theater screens across the country at midnight Wednesday . Ginny Weasley and Harry Potter develop a romance in "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince . " Since then , fans have been buzzing about some of the film 's most impressive scenes -- including one called "  I killed Sirius Black . " In the scene , Potter is confronted by Death Eater Bellatrix Lestrange , who is creating mischief for both the boy wizard and his latest crush , Ginny Weasley .  Death Eaters are followers of the series villain , Voldemort . Exhilarating for some , but frustrating for others , this particular scene from the franchise 's sixth installment is a cinematic creation , as it never occurs in the J.K. Rowling novel . Watch the excitement of "  Potter 's " scene " That aside , it includes pyrotechnic explosions , blazing fires , a massive chase sequence and the use of dark arts -- the Harry Potter version of black magic . In this week 's "  The Scene , " actors Daniel Radcliffe , who plays Harry Potter ; Bonnie Wright , who stars as Ginny Weasley ; and director David Yates comment on the action .	"  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " came out Wednesday Film has key scene involving Harry and Bellatrix Lestrange Scene is not in J.K. Rowling 's book , but a cinematic creation
CNN  -- Boeing has warned airlines to keep some 747-8 and 787 aircraft away from certain storms because of possible icing problems in engines . The aircraft manufacturer sent a message to "  customers who operate some GE-powered engines after instances of ice crystal icing that resulted in temporary diminished engine performance , " spokesman Marc Birtel said in a statement . Boeing said pilots should keep the planes at least 50 nautical miles from storms that may contain ice crystals until General Electric can make improvements to the "  GEnx " engines . Only a small number of the engines have had a problem with ice crystals , the statement said . Boeing began delivering its 787 Dreamliners in 2011 . The model is billed as a super-efficient , high-technology airliner of the future , and it flew without major problems for a year . But a battery fire forced the diversion of an All Nippon Airways flight in January 2013 . The entire fleet of 50 planes was grounded for four months while Boeing made repairs . Later , a United Airlines Dreamliner made an emergency landing in Houston with brake problems and a fire broke out on an unoccupied Ethiopian Airlines Dreamliner in London . There also have been investigations into a faulty fuel pump indicator , an electric panel , a plane oven and emergency beacons . CNN 's Tory Dunnan and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report	Boeing says some GE engines need fix for icing Caution to avoid storms applies to some 747-8 planes as well as 787 Dreamliners The Dreamliner is Boeing 's latest high-tech , fuel-efficient airliner
CNN  -- Penn State University will be hit with fines in excess of $ 30 million as part of "  significant , unprecedented penalties " expected to be announced Monday by the National Collegiate Athletic Association , a source familiar with the case told CNN on Sunday . While the school 's football program will not face the so-called "  death penalty " that would have prevented the team from playing in the fall , the school might have preferred a one-year suspension because of the severity of the scholarship losses , postseason sanctions and other penalties , the source said . "  If I were Penn State or any other school and were given both options , I 'd pick the death penalty , " the source said , adding the range of sanctions "  is well beyond what has been done in the past " and "  far worse than closing the program for a year . " The expected punishment is part of the continued fallout from the child sex abuse scandal involving former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky , who was convicted in late June of 45 of the 48 counts he faced involving 10 young victims . The news came the same day the statue of Penn State 's iconic head football coach Joe Paterno was removed from outside the campus stadium . iReporter : This is an end of an era The NCAA 's punishments follow an independent investigation led by former FBI Director Louis Freeh , whose report held four top Penn State officials , including Paterno , responsible for failing to stop the abuse . Everything the NCAA "  needed to know was detailed in the Freeh report , " according to the source . Monday in Indianapolis , the NCAA plans a press conference "  to announce NCAA corrective and punitive measures for the Pennsylvania State University , " it said in a statement . The NCAA last imposed the so-called "  death penalty " to a football team in 1987 against Southern Methodist University 's program in the wake of a payments-to-athletes scandal . The source says the sanctions "  will really paint a picture that essentially says that leadership failure and systemic failures ca n't be tolerated . " NCAA President Mark Emmert wrote a letter to Penn State President Rodney Erickson in November that included four questions he wanted the university to answer . According to the source , the NCAA felt the questions were answered by the Freeh report and therefore it could act before the university responded . The source was n't sure if the university has been made aware of the penalties yet but says the university was not involved in the decision . It was "  not a negotiated process , " the source said . While not divulging specifics , the source said , "  The penalties go well beyond the loss of a scholarship or not being able to go to a bowl game . " The source also said the plan includes provisions to provide "  leeway " and "  minimize the impact " on current players who had nothing to do with the Sandusky scandal . Photos : Final tributes , Paterno statue removed Also Sunday , in State College , Pennsylvania , the 900-pound bronze statue of Paterno was removed . Penn State President Rodney Erickson said in a statement the statue is being stored in a "  secure location . " The statue was removed exactly six months after Paterno , the winningest coach in Division I football history , died of lung cancer . Paterno had coached at Penn State for 61 years , 15 of them as an assistant . He died less than three months after he coached his last game , an October 29 victory over Illinois that gave him a record 409 wins . Under Paterno 's 46-season tenure as head coach , the Nittany Lions won two national championships , went undefeated five times , and finished in the top 25 national rankings 35 times . The tribute to the coach , who died in January , had become an object of contention after the child rape scandal involving Sandusky . However , Paterno 's family said they believe taking down the statue serves no purpose . "  Tearing down the statue of Joe Paterno does not serve the victims of Jerry Sandusky 's horrible crimes or help heal the Penn State community . We believe the only way to help the victims is to uncover the full truth , " the family said in a statement . "  It is not the university 's responsibility to defend or protect Joe Paterno . But they at least should have acknowledged that important legal cases are still pending and that the record on Joe Paterno , the board and other key players is far from complete , " it added . Dan Vecellio , a staff writer for the blog Black Shoe Diaries , said there were about 100 people who watched the statue taken down , put on a forklift and driven into the stadium through a loading-dock door . Penn State board member resigns over Sandusky scandal The Freeh report found several Penn State officials concealed evidence that Sandusky had sexually abused minors . Freeh concluded that Paterno could have prevented further sexual abuse had he taken action . "  I now believe that , contrary to its original intention , coach Paterno 's statue has become a source of division and an obstacle to healing in our university and beyond , " Erickson said . "  I believe that , were it to remain , the statue will be a recurring wound to the multitude of individuals across the nation and beyond who have been the victims of child abuse , " he added . Sunday , Penn State employees began placing fencing around the statue , as well as a tarp . Local and university police were at the scene , and some students gathered near the football field , Beaver Stadium . Airborne banner : Take down Paterno statue Another tribute to Paterno -- the university library that bears his name -- will remain as it is , Erickson said . "  The library remains a tribute to Joe and Sue Paterno 's commitment to Penn State 's student body and academic success , and it highlights the positive impacts coach Paterno had on the university , " he wrote . The Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests  SNAP  called Paterno "  a powerful man who acted selfishly " who "  deserves no public honors whatsoever . " "  We 're glad the statue is gone but that 's just a tiny step forward , " SNAP spokesman David Clohessy said in a statement . "  We as a society must learn that a good way to deter child sex cover-ups is to punish , not praise , those who instigate such cover-ups . " NCAA not ruling out tough sanctions on Penn State football Sandusky is expected to be sentenced in September . His legal team has said it will appeal the convictions . Two former university administrators are awaiting trial for their role in the scandal , and more charges are possible as the state 's attorney general investigates what Penn State may have known about Sandusky 's behavior . Opinion : Why the Paterno statue needs to stay Sculptor of Joe Paterno statue questions fate of his work Photos : Paterno through the years	Source : The Penn State sanctions are "  well beyond " past penalties Source : NCAA will not suspend team , though school may have preferred that Statue of Joe Paterno taken down from outside stadium Family of late coach says "  tearing down " statue will not help victims , community
HARYANA , India  CNN  -- In a nation of more than a billion people and millions of unresolved court cases , how do you take care of the backlog ? Long distances over questionable roads stop many Indians from making it into courtrooms . Solution : You take the courts to the people . A bell rings . A bailiff yells out the name of the accused . It 's another day in the mobile courtroom of Judge Sandeep Singh . His courtroom is a desk plopped down in the middle of a dusty schoolyard in the northern Indian village of Haryana . "  It works like any other regular court , " Singh said . "  The only difference is that instead of people going to the court , the court comes to the village . " The mobile court is bused into rural areas to hear both criminal and civil complaints as part of an effort to dig the nation 's court system out from under an enormous backlog of cases . With an estimated 300 million unresolved cases languishing in Indian courts , one consultant believes , it could take more than 300 years to clear the docket at the current pace . There 's one main reason for the backlog : inconvenience . People often have to travel long distances over questionable roads , using slow modes of transportation . "  The witnesses -- definitely , they do n't show up -- and even the parties -- they do n't show up -- and they send their advocate , " Singh said . "  But here , people are closer by , so definitely it makes a difference . " With distance no longer a problem , more villagers and their attorneys are coming to hearings . Compared to the traditional legal system , the mobile court claims to be both fast and efficient . Singh said he has been able to clear 1,100 cases in just six months time compared to 500 under the traditional court system . E-mail to a friend	Indian judges bus mobile courts to rural villages to ease backlog Judges say the mobile courts make justice more convenient India has an estimated 300 million unresolved court cases
Dubai , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Australia warned Israel Thursday of a possible diplomatic rift if Israel condoned the use of fraudulent Australian passports in the killing of a Hamas leader . Israel 's ambassador was given the warning after it was learned that three Australian passports were used by members of an alleged assassination crew connected to the recent slaying of a Hamas leader in a Dubai hotel room , Australia 's Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said Thursday . "  I made it crystal clear to the ambassador that if the results of that investigation cause us to come to the conclusion that the abuse of Australian passports was in any way sponsored or condoned by Israeli officials , then Australia would not regard that as the act of a friend , "  Smith said Thursday . " We would not regard that as the act of a friend . " The stern statement from Smith is part of the growing international diplomatic tiff stemming from the January 20 killing of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing . Al-Mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room January 20 . Police believe he was killed the night before and suspect the Mossad , the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit , was behind his slaying . A total of 26 suspects have been identified by Dubai police . The suspects are believed to have acquired faulty passports to arrive in Dubai for the killing and then fled to other far-flung locations , police said . The 26 named suspects do not include two Palestinians previously arrested in Jordan and returned to the UAE . Twelve of the suspects used British passports , police said . Six suspects used Irish passports and four suspects used French passports . Along with the three suspects who used Australian passports , another suspect used a German passport . The European Union this week condemned the use of false EU passports in connection with the al-Mabhouh slaying . Authorities have not said how he died , al-Mabhouh 's family was told there were signs of electric shocks on his legs , behind his ears , on his genitals and over his heart . Blood on a pillow led police to believe he was suffocated , the family was told . The killers left some of al-Mabhouh 's medicine next to his bed in an apparent effort to suggest his death was not suspicious , police said . Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman has said only "  media reports " link Israel to al-Mabhouh 's death . CNN 's Roya Shadravan contributed to this report .	Australian passports used by members of alleged assassination crew Police say 26 people involved in killing of Hamas figure Mahmoud al-Mabhouh Al-Mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room January 20
CNN  -- At age 13 , Hope Witsell struggled in middle school . Not because her class work at Shields Middle School in Ruskin , Florida , was challenging , but because Hope was being bullied . Her friend , Kyla Stich , told CNN that fellow students would "  walk up to her and call her ` slut , ' ` whore , ' and they would sometimes , they would call her ` skank ' and just be really cruel to her . " Another friend , Lexi Leber , said , "  We had to make like a wall , we had people surrounding her , and she had to be in the middle because people would come by and try to hit her and push her into a locker or something . "  She was afraid to walk alone , she was afraid someone would do something to her , like verbally attack her , so she would always have someone with her , " Leber added . This all started in the spring of 2009 during the last week of school . Friends and family say Hope had "  sexted " a picture of her breasts to her boyfriend . Another girl from school , they say , got her hands on the photo and sent it to students at six different schools in the area . Before Hope could do anything to stop it , that photo had gone viral . The school alerted Hope 's parents . Her mother , Donna Witsell , told CNN how she learned about the photo . "  The assistant principal had a meeting with my husband and I and pretty much told us that he did not see the image but that he had heard that it was Hope and when he confronted Hope , Hope did not deny it . She was n't proud of it but she did n't lie , " Hope 's mother said . Mrs. Witsell says she had warned her daughter about the dark side of technology , about "  some of the pretty sexual images of young girls and guys . " She added , "  Hope was very aware of that , of inappropriate dress and most definitely posing . " Still , because of that photo , Hope had become a target for 11 - , 12 - , and 13-year-old bullies . But she did n't share her pain with her parents . Even when bullies wrote horrible things about Hope on a MySpace page called the "  Shields Middle School Burn Book " and started a "  Hope Hater Page , " the young girl kept silent . Summer provided a bit of a break , but when the new school year began , the taunting was even worse . On Saturday , September 12 , 2009 , Hope Witsell helped her father mow the lawn . They cooked a special seafood dinner together as a family . Then Hope disappeared to her room upstairs . Her parents stayed downstairs and watched TV . Donna Witsell will never forget the moment she went to say goodnight to her daughter . "  I went upstairs to go in her room and kiss her goodnight . That was when I found her . I screamed for my husband . And started doing CPR . " It was too late . Hope was already dead . She had used her favorite scarves to hang herself from her canopy bed . After Hope died , her mother learned her daughter had been summoned to meet with a school social worker . A spokesperson for the school says the social worker was concerned Hope might have been trying to hurt herself , so she had Hope sign what 's called a "  no harm " contract in which Hope agreed to talk to an adult if she wanted to harm herself . Hope 's mother says she was never told about the contract , which she found crumpled up in the garbage in her daughter 's bedroom after she died . School officials told CNN they believed the social worker had tried calling Hope 's mother to alert her but were n't sure if she had left a message . "  The school dropped the ball , " Donna Witsell said . "  The school did not call . We have the digital telephone ; we have the cell phones that indicate when there was an incoming call and what number was calling in . We have a house phone , I have a cell phone , my husband has a cell phone . We have emergency contact numbers at the school which was my sister-in-law and her husband . There was no indication that the school called any of those numbers , " Hope 's mother said . Days after Hope died , her older sister , Samantha Beattie , discovered the bullying was still going on . Even in death , Hope could not escape it . "  I knew she had MySpace and Facebook . There were people putting comments on there : ` Did Hope really kill herself ? ' ' I ca n't believe that whore did that . ' Just obscene things that I would never expect from a 12-year-old or a 13-year-old , " said Samantha . In the year or so that has passed since Hope Witsell took her own life , her mother has started a group called Hope 's Warriors . She hopes it will help combat bullying and save other moms from feeling the horrendous pain that she feels . Donna Witsell has a message for parents : "  It happened to my daughter , it can happen to yours too . No one is untouchable . No one is untouchable . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Hope Witsell was bullied after she "  sexted " picture of her breasts to boyfriend Students harrassed her on MySpace and started "  Hope Hater Page " online In September 2009 , Hope killed herself in her room Sister discovered bullying continued even after Hope 's death
Health.com  -- Many people who are overweight and obese either do n't realize it or are in denial -- and too few doctors are setting them straight , according to a new study in the Archives of Internal Medicine . Researchers analyzed data on roughly 5,500 people who took part in government health surveys between 2005 and 2008 . One-third of the obese participants and 55 % of overweight participants had never been told by a doctor that they were overweight , the study found . If a doctor did comment on a patient 's weight , it seemed to make an impression . Nearly 20 % of obese people whose doctors had n't brought up their weight described themselves as "  not overweight , " compared with just 3 % of those whose doctors had addressed their weight . Obese and overweight patients who discussed the issue with doctors were also more than twice as likely to have tried to lose weight in the previous year . Health.com : Best and worst advice from top diet plans "  If people are told by their doctor that they are overweight , it corrects their perception , " says the lead author of the study , Robert Post , M.D. , research director of the Virtua Family Medicine Residency in Voorhees , New Jersey . Overweight is defined as having a body mass index between 25 and 29 , and obesity is defined as a BMI of 30 and up .  BMI is a rough estimate of body fat based on the ratio of a person 's height and weight . Doctors may be reluctant to broach the subject of weight for a number of reasons , Post says . For instance , busy physicians might not want to fall behind schedule by adding another topic to their list of things to discuss during an appointment . And many doctors have negative attitudes toward their heavier patients , whom they see as unlikely to stick to a diet and exercise program , he adds . Health.com : Surprising celebrity BMIs The researchers were n't surprised by the high percentage of overweight people who thought their weight was normal , as several studies in recent years have found comparable -- or higher -- rates . A study published last year that used similar data from government surveys showed that 23 % of overweight women and 48 % of overweight men considered their weight to be just right . Post and his colleagues chalk this up to what they call the " ` norming up ' of society . " Roughly two-thirds of U.S. adults are now overweight or obese , and as Americans have grown heavier , the perception of what constitutes a normal weight has changed as well , Post says . In fact , most of the overweight study participants accurately estimated their BMI . But many did n't see their weight as unhealthy or recognize the need to shed some pounds . Health.com : America 's healthiest diet tricks Although it might seem obvious that excess weight is unhealthy , being reminded of this by a doctor can be an effective wake-up call , says Robert B. Baron , M.D. , director of the weight management program at the University of California San Francisco . In an editorial accompanying the study , Baron notes that studies have shown that smokers whose doctors remind them of how unhealthy the habit is and encourage them to quit are more likely to do so successfully than those whose doctors stay mum . Simple reminders and encouragement to lose weight could have a similar effect on overweight and obese patients , he says . Health.com : Obese ? What your doc may be overlooking Baron proposes calculating BMI and entering it on a patient 's chart at every doctor 's office visit , as is done with blood pressure and other vital signs . "  This is very , very easy to do , " Baron says . "  If it were required or strongly suggested , it would not be very onerous ... . We need to be as aggressive as we were with smoking cessation . " Copyright Health Magazine 2010	"  If people are told by their doctor that they are overweight , it corrects their perception " Doctors may be reluctant to broach the subject of weight for a number of reasons Roughly two-thirds of U.S. adults are now overweight or obese
CNN  -- The highly-fancied Russia team and co-hosts Poland crashed out of Euro 2012 on Saturday as the Czech Republic and Greece became the first nations to secure quarterfinal berths . Russia led Group A going into the third and final round of matches , needing just a draw against Greece to progress into the last eight . However , a superb strike from veteran Greece captain Giorgis Karagounis just before halftime proved enough to send Dick Advocaat 's side home . "  When we left Greece , we all said , ` We will give everything when our compatriots are n't having the best of times , ' said Karagounis , referring to Greece 's economic problems . "  I believe that this tonight puts a smile on their faces . We 're happy we managed to do this for Greece , for our country , for Greeks all over the world . " Euro 2012 : Day 9 as it happened The Russians had a better goal difference than the Greeks , who won the tournament in a huge shock in 2004 , but went out on head-to-head record . Poland needed to win to go through , but a 72nd-minute strike from Petr Jiracek sent the Czechs top of the table and facing a quarterfinal against the runner-up from Group B -- which will be decided on Sunday . Greece 1-0 Russia Karagounis experienced the high of sending his country through to the knockout stage of a major tournament for the first time in eight years , but the 35-year-old may not get the chance to break his country 's appearance record at Euro 2012 . The midfielder will miss the quarterfinal after receiving his second yellow card of the group stages , having been controversially booked for diving when it appeared that he had been fouled in the penalty area in the second half . With Greece leading 1-0 , a second goal would have killed off Russia 's hopes -- but instead a furious Karagounis missed a nailbiting climax to the match after demanding to be substituted before he was sent off for further remonstrating with Swedish referee Jonas Eriksson . Karagounis , who matched 2004 captain Theodoros Zagorakis ' mark of 120 caps for Greece , repeated his act of scoring at the European Championship , having done so in the opening match against Portugal eight years ago . He surged through the Russian defense after Sergei Ignashevich failed to deal with a throw-in and fired a low shot past goalkeeper Vyacheslav Malafeev in time added on at the end of the first half . Giorgos Tzavellas almost made it 2-0 with 20 minutes to play , but his curling left-foot free kick bounced to safety off the post . After that it was all Russia , but Igor Denisov was twice denied by goalkeeper Michalis Sifakis . It marked a disappointing end to the two-year reign of Advocaat , who will now return to his homeland with a post at Dutch club PSV Eindhoven . "  The other team just defended . With all due respect , it was hard to play against them . But it 's not that we did n't play well , " Advocaat said . "  We were undefeated for 16 games but we did n't win today . That 's football . All compliments to Greece . " Czech Republic 1-0 Poland Poland had high hopes of making the most of home advantage in Wroclaw , but could not beat a Czech team that bounced back from their opening 4-1 crushing by Russia to top the group with six points . Jiracek followed up his opening goal from the 2-1 win over Poland with another vital strike . The 26-year-old midfielder , who plays for German club Wolfsburg , cut inside to beat goalkeeper Przemyslaw Tyton after being fed by veteran striker Milan Baros on the counter attack following good work by Tomas Hubschman . Poland poured forward in search of an equalizer , which by itself would not have been enough , but Michal Kadlec cleared a late effort off the line . "  We started badly and let the occasion get to us a little bit , the home side capitalized on our mistakes , " Czech goalkeeper Petr Cech said . "  But with time we got better , we created chances and then scored a deserved goal . " The Czechs will next go to Warsaw on June 21 , where their opponents will likely be Portugal , Denmark or Holland . The Greeks are likely to face unbeaten Germany in Gdansk . Poland coach Franciszek Smuda is now expected to be replaced , as his contract has ended . "  We know we had the chance to win but they  the Czech  played excellent football and they scored a goal , " he told reporters . "  We had several opportunities in the first half but we did n't take our chances . "	Czech Republic and Greece first teams into quarterfinals at Euro 2012 Russia and co-hosts Poland exit after losing final Group A matches Captain Giorgos Karagounis scores Greece 's winner against Russia Petr Jiracek scores his second goal of tournament to eliminate Poland
Flying above Kruger National Park , veterinarian Peter Buss steps out onto the helicopter 's skid and aims his rifle ; below him a white rhino lumbers across the South African bush . As the helicopter swoops in low , herding the animal closer to the road , Buss looks through the scope and fires a single shot . A flash of pink on the rump is all it takes to bring the two-ton animal staggering to the ground where fellow veterinarians are ready and waiting , armed with a blindfold . The Wildlife Veterinary Team works quickly : an oxygen tube is inserted into the subdued rhino 's nostril . Blood , hair and skin samples are taken for DNA . Then , after another injection to partially reverse the effects of the tranquilizer , the rhino is pulled to its feet and led into a trailer for the journey to safer ground -- away from this poaching hotspot along the Mozambique border , to a recently established "  intensive protection zone " deeper into the park . The team 's members are no ordinary veterinarians , but daily captures like this one are quickly becoming the norm for a team tasked with the care of Kruger 's most threatened species . They 've already conducted more than 30 relocations since last month , and will conduct hundreds more . They are a key part of a protection plan which has taken on even greater urgency since the country 's environmental minister announced that a record 1,020 of South Africa 's rhinos have been poached this year . The illegal trade in rhino horn is fueled by an insatiable demand in Asia , where it is prized as a sign of wealth and believed to have medicinal value -- though there 's no scientific evidence to support claims that it has healing properties . Rhino horn is made of keratin , the same protein found in human fingernails , but it can still fetch as much as $ 5,550 an ounce on the black market -- that 's more than the price of gold , more than the price of platinum -- and roughly equivalent to the price of cocaine . Kruger National Park , which is home to roughly 10,000 rhinos -- a quarter of the world 's population -- shares a 350-kilometer border with impoverished Mozambique , making it a massive target for poachers . "  We were rangers , now we 're at war , " the park 's head of anti-poaching , Major General Johan Jooste , told CNN . But while new equipment and new technology has helped lead to a record number of poaching arrests this year , it has done little to slow the slaughter . The general says his enemy has a nearly limitless supply of foot soldiers ready to cross the border and risk it all for small slice of the profit : last month alone , 600 poachers infiltrated the park from Mozambique . "  Once a poacher is in the park , it 's like a burglar in your home , " said Jooste , who admitted that in a park the size of Israel , military-style patrols alone will never be enough to save Kruger 's rhinos , and that much more needs to be done outside the park 's boundaries . The intensive protection zones will at least give his rangers the chance to establish what the general calls sanctuaries within a sanctuary . "  We made the decision that we are here for the living rhino , not the dead , " Jooste explained . There was a time when this park , famous and now targeted for its prized rhinos , had none . Several relocations , including one from 1960 to 1972 that introduced 300 rhinos , helped grow Kruger 's population , which reached its peak of 12,200 rhinos in 2010 . "  This is exactly what we 've been doing for the last 30 years , " said Markus Hofmeyr , head of veterinary services at Kruger about this latest round of relocations . "  Rhinos have recovered before . " Slaughtered for a horn that for millennia has been its first line of defense , conservationists are now counting on the rhino 's extreme adaptability to save it from extinction .	A record 1,020 rhinos have been poached in South Africa in 2014 Veterinarians and rangers are relocating rhinos in the country 's Kruger National Park Rhinos are targeted for their horns , which are wrongly believed to have medicinal value Insatiable demand in Asia means rhino horn is worth more per ounce than gold , platinum
CNN  -- Romanian striker Adrian Mutu saw his late penalty saved by Gianluigi Buffon as world champions Italy scraped a 1-1 draw in Zurich to keep their Euro 2008 hopes hanging by a thread . Romanian players celebrate Adrian Mutu 's opening goal in the thrilling 1-1 draw against Italy . Mutu had earlier given Romania the lead only for Christian Panucci to level a minute later . The result leaves Italy needing to beat France in their final match to qualify , while Romania also have a chance to progress if they defeat Netherlands in their final match . Italy coach Roberto Donadoni made five changes to his starting line-up , following the dismal opening 3-0 defeat by Netherlands , with World Cup winners Marco Materazzi and Gennaro Gattuso among those left out . Those changes looked to be working as the Azzurri started brightly , almost breaking the deadlock in the eighth minute when Alessandro Del Piero 's close-range header from Simone Perrotta 's cross went just wide of the near post . In the 15th minute , Romania should have gone in front but Mutu 's left-footed strike from the edge of the area was parried away by Buffon . At the other end , Luci Toni latched onto Fabio Grosso 's cross but his header went high over the bar . Buffon was then forced to fully stretch to clear Gabriel Tamas ' free-kick towards the far post . Italy almost fell behind in the 19th minute when Cristian Chivu 's free-kick rebounded off the far post after being deflected by Panucci , with Buffon already beaten . But the Italians were looking more dangerous . Both Del Piero and Toni headed wide from good positions , while Romania goalkeeper Bogdan Lobont made a fine one-handed save to deny Toni 's header from Del Piero 's corner having previously anticipated Giorgio Chiellini 's cross into the box . Then , on the stroke of half-time , Toni appeared to have given Italy the lead with a header , but Norwegian referee Tom Henning ruled the effort out for offside . Disaster struck for Italy after the break when Gianluca Zambrotta 's 57th back header towards Buffon was intercepted by a determined Mutu , who fired past the goalkeeper . However , it did not take long for Donadoni 's men to hit back . Chiellini latched onto Del Piero 's corner and headed towards the far post where an unmarked Panucci fired into the back of the net . The goal inspired the Italians , who surged forward more aggressively but failed to find the finishing touch . In the 73rd minute , Grosso made a vital tackle on substitute Banel Nicolita as he threatened to break clear , while at the other end Lobont made a spectacular save from Daniele De Rossi 's flying header . Italy continued to surge forward but their efforts to clinch their first win on Swiss soil proved no avail and they have Buffon to thank for keeping their Euro 2008 hopes alive . With seven minutes remaining Panucci was adjudged to have pulled down Daniel Niculae in the area but Mutu 's well-struck penalty was superbly kept out by Buffon with a save which saw the ball rebound off both his hand and foot before heading out for a corner . Donadoni felt his team were the superior side but also admitted the Azzurri were fortunate to be alive in the tournament after several refereeing decisions went against them . "  I do n't usually speak about referees , " said Donadoni . "  But today 's refereeing was not of high quality . Let 's just say the referee did not have the best of days . "  I think my players interpreted the game well , with a lot of determination . Romania are a difficult team and I think my players merit praise for what they have done today . "  Considering what we have done in terms of chances and the determination we have shown on the pitch , I think Italy have been superior to Romania . " Romania coach Victor Piturca also believed Italy were fortunate to clinch a point . "  Italy had a lucky escape , " said Piturca . "  Maybe Mutu was a little bit overwhelmed by Buffon being a top-class goalkeeper . "  But these things happen and it will not be the first time nor the last time that a player has his spot-kick saved . I am actually more angry about how we conceded Italy 's equaliser than about Mutu 's penalty kick . " Piturca was nevertheless satisfied with the result , which sees his team remain unbeaten in the tournament having held France to a goalless draw on Monday . "  This is a good result for the Romanian team , " he said . "  We have played against the world champions and against the World Cup runners-up and we have two points . We still have chances to qualify . "	Italy 's Euro 2008 hopes hanging by a thread after their 1-1 draw with Romania Gianluigi Buffon saves a late Adrian Mutu penalty to keep Italy in competition Mutu had earlier given Romania the lead only for Christian Panucci to equalize
CNN  -- Apple is developing iPhones with curved-glass screens and enhanced sensors that detect different levels of pressure , according to a new report . Two models â $ " with screens of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches â $ " are in the works , and both would use glass that curves downward at the edges , Bloomberg reported , citing an anonymous source familiar with the plans . These screen sizes almost rival that of Samsung 's Galaxy Note 3 , which boasts a 5.7-inch screen . For its part , Apple 's iPhone 5S has a 4-inch screen . SEE ALSO : Rumor : Apple planning 5.7-Inch iPhone for 2014 The new phones would likely be released in the third quarter of next year , the source said , adding that Apple is also testing "  pressure-sensitive technology , " which wo n't be ready for the next iPhone launch . Curved glass has become a smartphone trend among major tech companies . Samsung last month released its Galaxy Round phone , which has a 5.7-inch curved display , while LG is set to release its G Flex phone , which is curved from top to bottom . Apple has not confirmed any rumors , and did not immediately respond to a request for comment . See the original story on Mashable . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The next iPhone could have a curved display screen , according to a new report Two models with larger screens are in the works , a source told Bloomberg New phones would likely be released in the third quarter of next year , source said Report : Screens also would contain sensors that detect different levels of pressure
Hong Kong  CNN  -- I ca n't even remember the last time I thumbed a message on its itty-bitty qwerty keyboard . And yet , I stubbornly keep my BlackBerry in my bag and on my desk , fully charged . As with my Palm Vx of yesterday , breaking up with a beloved gadget is hard to do , especially when you have history . My BlackBerry and I go back over 10 years . We met at a telecom conference in Hong Kong . I will never forget the wonder of our first wireless e-mail . Look , I 'm no softie when it comes to loving and leaving my electronics . I 've thrown out old Macs . I 've recycled expired Sony Ericsson handsets . I 've even trashed now-antique digital cameras . But this is the longest and saddest gadget breakup I 've ever gone through . I can no longer accept its limits : A disappointing apps portfolio , clunky interface , and frankly lame camera . Over the years , we grew apart . I started to dabble in social media and mobile photography . The tools on offer from other devices were far better in functionality , speed and resolution . I wanted my BlackBerry to change , and yet it never managed to deliver . And suddenly , I felt like it just was n't there for me . I have stopped using the beloved device . But like the other 50 million BlackBerry users still out there , I just ca n't pull the plug . Read more : BlackBerry 's dwindling users ponder uncertain future As with others suffering relationship issues in the digital age , I turned to social media for advice . "  Make it quick . Drop it in the tub . Better for both of you , " advised Beijing blogger Bill Bishop . Michael Sommer tweeted , "  If it 's not wounded or sick , no mercy killing . Put it into a vitrine . " After looking up the word "  vitrine , " I realized that putting an expired gadget in a glass box is like taxidermy for a deceased pet . Sorry . Just ca n't go there . But not everyone was as keen to ditch the BlackBerry . My ever-compassionate colleague John Vause said , "  Do n't do it ... it will get better ... I promise . " On Monday , BlackBerry announced that it was being taken private -- a headline that raised hopes among loyalists that change is sure to come . Meanwhile , my pal Eunice Yoon implored me to keep hope alive with the reminder , "  the typing is so much easier ! " But the doubt has already settled in , and I 'm already starting to see my BlackBerry in the past tense . "  Just for fun , I fire up my circa 2005 Treo 750 sometimes , " reminisced J. L. Gatewood . That 's one beautiful ode to throwback gadgetry . BlackBerry , I 'm not quite ready to throw you out . You remain fully charged . Opinion : Why I 'll never ditch my Blackberry	Struggling BlackBerry announces it plans to become a private company CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout refuses to let go of her BlackBerry device But she says other smartphones offer better apps , functionality
CNN  -- As the world knows , peace can sometimes be fleeting . One-time basketball bad boy Ron Artest , who changed his name to Metta World Peace and said it was meaningful and inspirational , was ejected Sunday from the Los Angeles Lakers-Oklahoma City Thunder game for hitting James Harden in the head with his elbow . After scoring against the Thunder in the second quarter , World Peace was cheering his own shot when he hit the Oklahoma City guard in the back of the head , knocking him down . Watch the NBA.com video of the hit Harden was on the floor for several minutes , and did not return to the game after being diagnosed with a concussion , according to the Thunder . World Peace was ejected from the game and faces possible suspension . The Lakers won 114-106 over the Thunder in double overtime . "  During that play I just dunked on  Kevin Durant  and  Serge  Ibaka , and I got really emotional and excited . It was unfortunate that James had to get hit with an unintentional elbow , " World Peace told reporters after the game . "  I hope he 's OK . The Thunder , they 're playing for a championship this year , so I hope that he 's OK and I apologize to the Thunder and to James Harden , " he said . Hours later , World Peace tweeted that he watched the replay again : "  Oooo . . My celebration of the dunk really was too much ... Did n't even see James ... Omg ... Looks bad . " Harden told ABC 's Lisa Salters he had "  a little bit of a headache . " On Monday , the Thunder said Harden was undergoing testing . "  Harden participated in a series of limited activities per NBA guidelines , but has additional steps that must be taken under the league-mandated concussion policy before he can make his return to the court , " the team statement said . "  He will be re-evaluated tomorrow and is currently listed as day-to-day . " World Peace 's act was called "  disgraceful " by game commentators , and sports analysts said the behavior was reminiscent of the ball player they once knew as Ron Artest . "  He has gone to such lengths to rehabilitate his image , and to revert back to this ? He lost control , " said Michael Wilbon , an ESPN analyst . Sports fans were baffled , some even amused , when World Peace announced last year that he planned to legally change his name from Ron Artest . "  Ron Artest has contemplated the name change for years and always knew that he wanted his last name to be World Peace . But it took many years of research and soul searching to find a first name that was both personally meaningful and inspirational , " his publicist said at the time . Back when World Peace was still Artest and playing for the Indiana Pacers , he made headlines in 2004 for his role in a brawl between players and fans at a Pacers-Pistons game after somebody threw a drink on him . The NBA suspended Artest for 86 games . Fast forward to September 2011 , when Artest announced the name change . Even before it was finalized by the court , World Peace was working on making the world a more peaceful place . In 2011 , he raffled off his 2010 NBA Championship ring to help mentally ill youths . For his work with the youth , he was given the NBA 's citizenship award for philanthropic work . A star turn on "  Dancing With the Stars " garnered the basketball player a new legion of fans . But in the world , peace sometimes comes with a price : The NBA is now reviewing World Peace 's less than peaceable actions .	NEW : The Oklahoma City Thunder says James Harden is undergoing testing World Peace of the Los Angeles Lakers knocks down Thunder 's Harden World Peace , formerly known as Ron Artest , is ejected from the Lakers-Thunder game Harden tells ABC he has "  a little bit of a headache "
CNN  -- A suspended Roman Catholic priest pleaded guilty Tuesday to a federal drug charge , the U.S. Attorney 's Office for Connecticut announced . The Rev. Kevin Wallin , 61 , of Waterbury , Connecticut , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to distribute crystal methamphetamine . With the plea , he admitted that he received and distributed 1.7 kilograms of the drug , U.S. Attorney David B. Fein said in a statement . Wallin was arrested January 3 after an investigation that involved wiretaps , confidential sources and an undercover officer , Fein 's announcement said . A search of Wallin 's apartment found meth , drug paraphernalia and drug packaging materials , said Thomas Carson , Fein 's spokesman . Wallin sold meth to the undercover officer six times between September and January , Fein said . According to an affidavit that accompanied his indictment in January , Wallin received shipments of meth from two people in California , Kristen Laschober and Chad McCluskey , with the understanding that Wallin would pay them with earnings generated by distributing the drug to his customers and other dealers . Wallin allegedly got Kenneth Devries , a neighbor in his apartment building , to receive packages and distribute the drug when he was unable to do it himself . Authorities said they believe Wallin also distributed the drug to alleged dealer Michael Nelson of Manchester . Laschober , McCluskey , Devries and Nelson were all arrested in January and are awaiting trial . Authorities are still investigating the possibility that others are involved , Carson said . Wallin faced a maximum term of life in prison and a fine of up to $ 10 million on seven counts , but his plea agreement calls for a prison sentence of 11 to 14 years . Judge Alfred Covello has scheduled sentencing for June 25 at the United States Court House in Hartford . CNN made several attempts to contact Fein , federal public defender Kelly Barrett and Diocese of Bridgeport spokesman Brian Wallace for comments , but calls were not returned .	The Rev. Kevin Wallin of Connecticut enters plea in federal court He admits conspiracy to distribute 1.7 kilos of crystal meth Plea agreement calls for 11 - to 14-year prison term Four others awaiting trial in the case
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Blake Mycoskie was traveling in South America when he saw , for the first time , hundreds of children without shoes . TOMS founder and entrepreneur Blake Mycoskie says he wanted to make money and do good at the same time . "  I had never met anyone who did n't have shoes , " the veteran entrepreneur told CNN . That visit to a village in Argentina inspired the creation of a socially responsible footwear company that blends philanthropy and business . Mycoskie called the company TOMS : Shoes For Tomorrow -- a name that reflects his desire to provide shoes for disadvantaged children in a sustainable way . Mycoskie , now 32 , said he realized he could make money and do good at the same time with TOMS . The company 's mission is uncomplicated : It gives a free pair of shoes to a child in need every time it sells a pair . Santa Monica , Calif.-based TOMS gave away 10,000 pairs of shoes in the first six months after its launch in 2006 . This year the company is on track to donate 200,000 pairs . The stylish slip-ons , which Vogue magazine declared "  cool shoes for a cool cause , " have become a must-have item among fashion elite and received the People 's Design Award from the Smithsonian 's Cooper-Hewitt Museum last year . By the time he launched TOMS , Mycoskie already had four start-ups under his belt . But he did n't always have his sights set on the business world . Growing up , his aim was to play professional tennis . He trained hard and earned a scholarship to Southern Methodist University , where he studied philosophy and finance . But an injury sidelined him his sophomore year . That 's when he got the idea for his first venture , a college laundry service . Within one year , the business , Easy Laundry , had 40 employees , had expanded to three schools and was generating nearly $ 1 million in sales . That 's when Mycoskie realized he was born to be an entrepreneur and dropped out of school . "  I realized I loved doing this . I realized I loved the idea of creating something out of scratch and seeing it work and seeing the benefits of that , " he said . Mycoskie eventually sold the company and began other ventures , including an outdoor advertising company and a 24-hours-a-day , 7-days-a-week reality TV channel , which he launched after appearing on the second season of "  The Amazing Race " with his sister . They finished the competition in third place  missing out on the million-dollar prize by just four minutes  , but the experience exposed Mycoskie to the astounding amount of poverty in the world -- a problem that TOMS is tackling today , one pair of shoes at a time .	Entrepreneur Blake Mycoskie is blending philanthropy with business He is the designer and self-titled "  chief shoe giver " at TOMS Shoes His company gives away a pair of shoes for every pair it sells TOMS expects to donate 200,000 pairs of shoes to children in need this year
EW.com  -- Captain America is being redeployed . The coda to last year 's "  Captain America " set up "  The Avengers " and , in turn , "  The Avengers " is apparently setting up a "  Captain America " sequel . Marvel Studios and parent company Disney announced today that Chris Evans ' patriotic superhero will go straight into a stand-alone followup scheduled to debut April 4 , 2014 . While the original "  Captain America " began in the 1940s and saw scrawny Steve Rogers become a chemically enhanced super-soldier who helped save the Allies during World War II , the sequel will , understandably , keep him in his chronological position in the present day . After being frozen for decades , and resuscitated in the strange new world of contemporary New York City , Cap is now planning to take it one day at a time . Marvel 's announcement said the sequel will pick up where "  The Avengers "  out May 4  leaves off , "  as Steve Rogers continues his affiliation with Nick Fury and S.H.I.E.L.D. and struggles to embrace his role in the modern world . " What we can infer from that  apart from the obvious , that "  Captain America " survives the ordeal of "  The Avengers "  is that Samuel L. Jackson sounds like he will be a significant part of the sequel , as opposed to the glorified cameos he has done in other Marvel movies . No other details about the project were released . "  Captain America 2 "  or whatever it is eventually called â $ " let 's pray it 's not "  Cap2n America , " or some such  wo n't be the first sequel to hit theaters after "  The Avengers . " That honor goes to "  Thor 2 , " which is aiming for release Nov. 15 , 2013 , with "  Game of Thrones " director Alan Taylor taking over for Kenneth Branagh . One question , though : After all he 's been through , is n't it time Captain America got promoted ? "  Major " America ? Guess that does n't have the same ring . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Marvel Studios announced that the "  Captain America " followup scheduled to debut April 4 , 2014 "  The Avengers " is apparently setting up a "  Captain America " sequel Marvel said that Steve Rogers continues his affiliation with Nick Fury and S.H.I.E.L.D.
CNN  -- Josephine and Jennifer Onita were returning from the wedding of a close friend in Nigeria . Maimuna Anyene was on her way to her brother 's matrimonials . Weddings are a big reason people cross oceans and continents , making journeys brimming with mirth and laughter back to the lands where they and their families came from . This weekend , that joy plunged to absolute sorrow for at least two families in the United States . Anyene was killed along with her husband and four children when Dana Air Flight 992 crashed Sunday in Lagos , Nigeria 's largest city . Aviation authorities suspend airline 's license Also on board were the Onita sisters from Missouri City , Texas : well-educated , smart and full of promise . "  I do n't have anyone to talk to anymore , " their elder sister , Christiana Onita-Olojo , said Tuesday . Her parents , Solomon and Lola Onita , came to the Houston area from Nigeria three decades ago , harboring the dream of all immigrants . Solomon opened a financial planning and tax office . Josephine , 23 , often went by her middle name , Anita . She studied accounting at the University of North Texas and was managing all five locations of her father 's business . She was a super-entrepreneur . Jennifer , 28 , went to Texas Tech University and earned a degree in electrical engineering . She 'd worked at Raytheon and as a contractor for NASA and was studying biomedical engineering . She was a bookworm , the kind of person who was quiet when she met a stranger but then talked up a storm . Ayo Akindona , a second cousin , was especially close to Jennifer . They grew up together in the same Missouri City neighborhood and spent many days at each other 's houses . He used to love to brag to his friends : "  I know a rocket scientist . " Akindona said Josephine had gone shopping with his sister last Wednesday , before she left for Nigeria . The two women had their nails done and later , when they returned to Akindona 's family home , they stayed up late talking . So late that Akindona 's father broke up the conversation at 1 a.m. Josephine had been to Nigeria several times . Next time , she said , they would all go together . "  I walked her out to the door , waved bye , " he said . "  I thought nothing of it . " Then at 5:30 Sunday evening , when Akindona was on his way to meet friends , his phone rang . It was his sister . Come home immediately , she said . Jennifer and Josephine had died in a plane crash . Akindona said he keeps waiting for someone to tell him it was a mistake . They were n't on that flight . Their phone ran out of battery power so they could not call . Something . Anything but the truth . Houston pastor Banji Adesanmi knew the Onita family through the Redeemed Christian Church of God , based in Nigeria . He had planned to take the doomed flight with the Onita sisters but changed his plans . "  I feel bad that I missed it and they did not , " he said in an e-mail from Nigeria . "  They are younger and have a full life ahead of them . " All three Onita girls -- they have a younger brother , Solomon Jr. -- belonged to the Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority . But Onita-Olojo said there were no words to describe the sisterhood they shared by blood . Onita-Olojo said she spoke with her sisters every day , about everything . She had been anxious for them to return to Texas . Her husband had also attended the wedding in Abuja and had taken an earlier flight . Onita-Olojo did n't go because she had just given birth . Tuesday , her husband returned home . Her sisters did n't . She struggled for words . What do you say when parents lose two of their four children ? And a sister loses her confidantes ? She can see her sisters in her own daughter . Sometimes , she makes a face and looks like Josephine . Other times , she looks like Jennifer . "  I have to be strong , " Onita-Olojo said , standing outside her door , speaking to a reporter from CNN affiliate KHOU . "  And pull it together for the family . " In another American city , far from the wreckage in Lagos , friends and family dealt with similar , gut-wrenching grief . Maimuna Anyene and her husband , Onyeke , were on their way from Hartford , Connecticut , to Lagos for her brother 's wedding . They had with them their four children , including their youngest , just five months old . Her colleagues at United Technologies said Anyene had just returned from maternity leave to her job in the company 's human resources division . She was an invaluable member of the team , a company statement said . "  She was a great , dedicated mom , " said Sue Dombeck . "  We were all shocked yesterday . " Neighbors on Park Place Circle described Anyene as someone who always smiled , said hello . The community was in disbelief over the tragedy . An entire family -- gone . One neighbor , Tegan Gonzalez , placed flowers on Anyene 's doorstep , the Hartford Courant reported . U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said seven of the people on the flight were U.S. citizens . Officials were still working to notify all the families and had not released a final list . But one on that list is Peter Waxtan , the American pilot of the flight . Waxtan flew as a captain for Spirit Airlines from 1997 to 2009 , according to the airline . "  All of us at Spirit are very saddened by this tragedy and extend our heartfelt condolences to all of his loved ones and the family and friends of everyone on the flight , " said spokeswoman Misty Pinson . He also flew for Falcon Air Express , a charter airline in Miami , reported CNN affiliate WPEC . Friends expressed condolences on Facebook . "  R.I.P cap Peter Waxtan you will be missed , " wrote Bassema Geha Zoghbi , whose profile said she works for customer services at Spirit Airlines . Waxtan had just started flying with Dana Air , said Oscar Wason , director of operations for the domestic Nigerian carrier . His first day was in March . CNN 's Devon Sayers and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Josephine and Jennifer Onita were smart and full of promise Their elder sister says she has lost her confidantes Maimuna Anyene of Hartford , Connecticut , was killed with her entire family The doomed flight 's captain , Peter Waxtan , had flown for Spirit Airlines
Syria has shipped out 11 % of its chemical weapons stockpile -- falling far short of the February 5 deadline to have all such arms removed from the country , the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons told CNN Wednesday . The slow pace of removal prompted U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to warn last month that all options remain available to force compliance . The OPCW is now in touch with senior Syrian officials to discuss a new schedule going forward . Meanwhile , groups of civilians were evacuating a besieged city Wednesday as opposition leaders unveiled a diplomatic road map they hope will lead their country out of a brutal civil war . At least 200 people had registered to evacuate the Old City of Homs on Wednesday , the Syrian Arab Red Crescent Society said in a Twitter post . Rasmus Tantholdt , a TV2 Denmark reporter inside the ancient quarter , told CNN he saw two buses packed with civilians arrive at a government-controlled transit point there . While some got ready to leave the quarter where they have been trapped as violence surges , a shipment of humanitarian assistance was delivered to those who decided to stay , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . Elsewhere , nearly two dozen airstrikes were carried out on the Yabroud area of the Damascus suburbs , opposition activists said . Subsequent clashes left 11 regime forces dead , the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported . Syrian state media made no mention of the deaths , but said the strikes targeted terrorist hide-outs . Both sides continue to meet for peace talks in Geneva , Switzerland , where opposition leaders presented their proposal for a transitional government , Syrian National Coalition spokesman Louay Safi told reporters . Key steps for the proposed government would include : ending violence , releasing prisoners of conscience , maintaining law and order , bringing justice to those responsible for violence and protecting human rights . Syria 's warring sides meet again , trade accusations "  This transitional body is the hope for the Syrian people , " Safi said . But Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , whose forces have regained momentum against a now-fractured opposition , has said he 's not looking at the talks as a way to transition out of power . Bouthaina Shaaban , al-Assad 's media adviser , said "  not much progress " had been made in the peace talks . "  We have been discussing trying to reach a joint agenda with the other side . Unfortunately , they came this morning and started talking about the transitional government body , " she said . "  The first item on the agenda should be combating terrorism , so our delegation did not discuss the transitional government . " Stopping terrorism , she said , is the Syrian people 's top priority . "  We want the other side to put this as a primary objective in the agenda , " she said , "  and unfortunately , so far , we have not succeeded . " The U.N. envoy leading Geneva talks met together with opposition and government representatives Wednesday , the United Nations said . Earlier in the day , he met with Gennady Gatilov , Russia 's deputy minister of foreign affairs , the United Nations said . Meanwhile , British investigators from the South East Counter Terrorism Unit searched a home Wednesday in Crawley , Sussex , in connection with last week 's suicide bombing in Syria 's Aleppo Prison . British public broadcaster BBC reported that the bombing suspect was from Crawley . British authorities declined to comment . Syrians forced to eat grass	Number falls well short of meeting February 5 deadline A new round evacuations are set to begin in the Old City of Homs A Syrian government official says little progress has been made in the talks British investigators search a home tied to the Aleppo Prison bombing , report says
CNN Student News  -- August 23 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Iran • Pakistan • Korean Peninsula Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Back from the weekend and ready to launch into 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines , including dueling protests , an Iranian announcement and one teen 's push for peace . I 'm Carl Azuz . This is CNN Student News . First Up : Egg Safety AZUZ : First up , a recall gets bigger as more than half a billion eggs are pulled off the shelves . Now last week , we told you about an egg producer that did a recall because of concerns about salmonella , a bacteria that can be found in eggs , and it can make you very sick . Well now , another producer is involved . Experts think that around 1,300 people have gotten sick from the tainted eggs . One doctor offered some safety tips . DR. RANDY MARTIN , PIEDMONT HEART INSTITUTE : Eggs are actually a great source of protein and a lot of the good vitamins . But there are other sources . So , if you 're really concerned , have some tofu , other things like that . Refrigerate your eggs . They 've got to be less than 40 degrees . Store them individually , like you 've done , and then cook them . They 've got to be more than 160 degrees for 10 minutes . And eat them promptly . Islamic Center Debate AZUZ : In New York City , things are tense over plans to build an Islamic center with a mosque a few blocks away from Ground Zero . That 's one site of the 9/11 terror attacks . And Sunday , hundreds of people turned out in protest , both against the plan and for it . Most of the protesters are opposed to the plan ; they 're opposed to the Islamic center . They argue that it 's insensitive to build it so close to Ground Zero . According to a CNN poll that was taken earlier this month , nearly 70 percent of Americans agree with them ; they are against the plan . But on the other side of the debate , those folks who support building the Islamic center argue that the issue is freedom of religion . New York Governor David Patterson says there are no laws that prevent the construction of the Islamic center . But he says the controversy shows him that "  the wounds of 9/11 have n't healed . " One of the leaders of the group that 's behind the development of the Islamic center says that there are no plans to move the construction site , at least not for now . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What is the name of the Middle Eastern country that 's highlighted on this map ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Saudi Arabia , B  Iran , C  Pakistan or D  Oman ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The Islamic Republic of Iran is highlighted here . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Drone Unveiled AZUZ : And Iran is making a new type of military weapon . It 's a long-range drone , an unmanned arial vehicle . They 're pretty common in modern combat . The U.S. uses something called a Predator drone . And American officials say the unmanned vehicles help cut down risk for troops because no one actually has to be on board piloting it . Iran started producing its drones back in February . The first ones were unveiled yesterday . Iranian officials say the drones have a range of about 620 miles and can carry different types of bombs and missiles to hit ground targets . They claim that the goal of the new vehicles is to prevent aggression against their country . Meanwhile , Iran has started fueling a new nuclear energy plant . It says the plant will help make electricity . But other countries , including the United States , think Iran may try to make nuclear weapons . Flood Economy AZUZ : Moving east from Iran to Pakistan . We 've told you about the severe flooding there . We 're starting to see some of the aftermath of that flooding in terms of disease : skin diseases , respiratory infections , malaria . The World Health Organization says nearly a million Pakistanis are suffering some kind of illness . The floods are making a massive impact on the country 's economy as well , and Jonathan Mann has more on that . BEGIN VIDEO JONATHAN MANN , CNN ANCHOR , ATLANTA : More than half of Pakistan 's people live off the land . Now , much of the land is covered by dirty water , and the people are reduced to misery . WENDY CHAMBERLIN , PRESIDENT , MIDDLE EAST INSTITUTE ; FORMER U.S. AMBASSADOR TO PAKISTAN : It 's hard to imagine a country that is least prepared or had the thinnest of margins to be able to absorb a shock of this type . MANN : Under all of that water , there are homes , farms and factories , bridges , roads and irrigation canals . Five hundred thousand tons of stored wheat is now reported ruined . Add potentially two million bales of cotton . Food prices have been rising in markets around the country . Pakistan 's long-standing electricity shortage is suddenly so much worse because power plants have been shut down or damaged as well . The county 's high commissioner to Britain told the Reuters news agency that it might cost $ 15 billion to rebuild from the devastation . And Pakistan -- already deeply in debt -- will have less money to spend , because its ability to earn with exports has been dramatically reduced . CHAMBERLIN : What the floods have done is to virtually wipe out an infrastructure , agricultural infrastructure that it depended upon for its wheat exports . And because about 60 percent of the population worked in the agricultural sector , so the amount of investment that will need to go in just to bring Pakistan back up to a status quo , a status quo that was not sufficient , is going to cost billions and billions of dollars . MANN : The world has responded with millions in aid . The World Bank alone has pledged $ 900 million more . But Pakistan will need so much more money than that , even long after the water is gone . Jonathan Mann , CNN . END VIDEO Is this Legit ? SHELBY ERDMAN , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The demilitarized zone , or DMZ , divides North and South Korea . Legit ! It was established in 1953 as part of the agreement that ended the fighting in the Korean War . Peace Mission AZUZ : The fighting ended a while ago , but technically , North and South Korea are still at war . And the DMZ is patrolled at all times by troops from both countries . It does n't sound like the kind of place you might want to spend a vacation , but there 's a 13-year-old from Mississippi who thought so . And Emily Chang introduces him and his hope to us . BEGIN VIDEO EMILY CHANG , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : He 's a 13-year-old boy turned international envoy . JONATHAN LEE , PEACE ADVOCATE : Hello , my name is Jonathan , and I 'm the founder of a youth humanitarian environmental group called "  I See Hope . " CHANG : Just off a plane , Jonathan Lee greeted throngs of global media after a mission to one of the most isolated nations in the world . LEE : Actually , I was really kind of scared at first . But once I got there , I was kind of relieved because I felt , in my experience , very safe . CHANG : As a Korean-American from Mississippi , his idea was simple but ambitious : to convince Kim Jong-il to plant a children 's peace forest in the demilitarized zone that separates North and South Korea , two nations technically still at war . LEE : I would really like , if possible , maybe of children from both countries to be able to meet and play with each other , like a big playground . CHANG : How did you feel when he came up with this idea ? MELISSA LEE , JONATHAN 'S MOTHER : I was like , really ? You want to go to North Korea , and when ? And then he was so adamant and so strong about how he felt , I was like , okay . I was cool with it . I was fine . KYOUNG LEE , JONATHAN 'S FATHER : I said , no way . CHANG : Completely opposite . His father , originally from South Korea , was hesitant , but eventually agreed and the family embarked on their journey . LEE : My idea for the mission statement of the children 's peace forest is "  Above politics , above borders , above ideology , above conflict . " CHANG : Jonathan 's humanitarian work started three years ago . He created Go Green Man , a superhero who teaches kids to protect the environment . He 's met with President Obama and other top leaders . He 's filed more than 30 iReports on CNN and waged a seven-day campaign to urge McDonald 's to recycle . But his trip to North Korea would be the most challenging and eye opening . LEE : I went to a school children 's palace and I found out the children there are very talented . They learned piano and did it really impressively . The accordion , calligraphy , embroidery . CHANG : He did n't meet with Kim Jong-il , but says he did meet with other government officials who told him a peace treaty would have to be signed before there could ever be a children 's peace forest . LEE : Well , I was a little disappointed , but I 'm going to keep trying . Maybe if I keep trying , I do n't know , maybe eventually , hopefully . CHANG : Emily Chang , CNN , Beijing . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : All right , before we go today , we 've got a story that 's just too doggone cute -- or ugly -- to ignore . This is Izzy , a two-year old Chihuahua . But she 's only half the story . Look down by her leg . That 's a baby squirrel ! Two of those were abandoned under the tree . Izzy 's owner took in the squirrels , but Izzy decided to take over , adopting the little ones . We 've actually been holding on to this video for a few days , kinda waiting to show it off to you . Goodbye AZUZ : I guess you could say we 've been squirreling it away . Chihuahuas , squirrels , puns : It 's the little things on CNN Student News . I 'm Carl Azuz .	Keep up with a recall that has expanded to include half a billion eggs Find out why hundreds of people turned out to speak out in New York on Sunday Discover why a 13-year-old humanitarian set his eyes and hope on North Korea Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Dozens of pilot whales have been rescued after they beached themselves along the shore of Farewell Spit on New Zealand 's South Island on Saturday . Fifty-three of the animals had been discovered along the beach after swimming up on shore , said John Mason with the New Zealand Department of Conservation . Teams of volunteers successfully delivered 40 of the pilot whales back to deeper water , and most of them appeared to be fine , although 10 appeared to be still at risk and lingering near the shore , Mason said from Golden Bay . "  What we have is quite a large pod and we have had to chase them along , " Mason said . "  If they come back in we have found making human chains to splash and guide them to deeper water is the most effective way to help them to safety . " It 's the fifth large-scale stranding in recent days at the bay , leaving at least 22 of the animals dead . Officials have been calling in volunteers with wet suits or boats to help the whales and monitor their path . Mason said it is not unusual to have whales beaching themselves at Farewell Spit , a long hooked sandy area that forms the top of Golden Bay where the shallows appear to confuse the animals .	40 pilot whales helped back to deep water in Golden Bay 10 still at risk and are lingering near the shore , official says It 's the fifth large-scale stranding in recent days at the bay
CNN  -- There was no pretense with David Letterman , and the response to his retirement has been just as honest . From President Obama to Dave 's late-night peers , the veteran host of CBS ' "  The Late Show " has left his fans devastated with his announcement that he plans to hang it up in 2015 . "  There are more than 10 reasons #DavidLetterman will be missed , " the President posted to his Twitter account Thursday , with a photo of himself laughing it up with Letterman . "  David @Letterman is the best there is and ever was , " ABC 's Jimmy Kimmel chimed in Thursday . "  There 's a tear under the CBS eye ! " said Arsenio Hall . "  David Letterman - Simply The Best !!! " "  It 's been 31 incredible years , " said Ellen DeGeneres . "  Television wo n't be the same without you , Dave . " On Thursday 's "  Late Show , " Letterman said that while everything 's been great , he 's simply ready to retire . "  We do n't have the timing of this precisely down , " he said , "  but sometime in the near distant future , 2015 , for the love of God , Paul and I will be wrapping things up and taking a hike . " David Letterman announces retirement On his own late night show , NBC 's Seth Meyers took a moment to recognize Letterman 's influence . "  I grew up on David Letterman , " Meyers , who just recently took over "  Late Night , " told his audience . "  I was a little too young for  Johnny  Carson , I discovered Carson in later years online and watching videos that way . But Letterman for me was a show that you had a cool uncle , or one of your friends had a cool older brother that told you to watch . ... If it was n't for David Letterman , this show would n't exist . If it was n't for David Letterman , I would n't be here . " It 's David Letterman 's comedy world Since Letterman 's announcement , the conversation has inevitably turned to who could replace him -- although Esquire magazine believes that may be impossible . But CBS , presumably , will have to find someone to take on Jimmy Fallon and NBC 's "  Tonight Show " at 11:30 . One obvious option would be to bump CBS ' "  Late Late Show " host Craig Ferguson up an hour , and mimic what NBC 's done with the handoff of "  The Tonight Show . " There 's also interesting competition for Letterman 's seat on cable , where Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart have proven that they can draw a young audience and hold it . And now that Chelsea Handler is reportedly ending her E! late night talk show , "  Chelsea Lately " -- hers is another name floating amid the speculation , along with those of other funny ladies like Ellen DeGeneres and Amy Poehler . But the predictions have n't been limited to talk show hosts , as the Twitterverse has erupted with suggestions that comics like Louis C.K. or Jerry Seinfeld take over . The name of a different kind of entertainer showed up in The New York Times ' take : Neil Patrick Harris . And there might be room for the Ghost of Jack Paar -- a combustible conversationalist who brings the "  talk " back to "  talk show " -- or some YouTube talent out there , yet unknown , who gets a "  Rocky " - like chance at stardom . Lena Dunham , for one , is rooting for CBS to be the network that breaks up late night 's boys club . "  I love Letterman but I am really excited about what this could mean for the diversification of late night , " she tweeted , although she added that she 'll "  obvi ... miss Letterman and his gorgeous tooth scenario/general brilliance . " Comedic actor Billy Eichner can see it now , as he promotes another actress , an Emmy nominee for "  Nurse Jackie " : "  Late Show with Merritt Wever . " CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	With David Letterman 's retirement news have come celebrity well wishes From the President to Jimmy Kimmel , several stars have commended the "  Late Show " host Seth Meyers : "  If it was n't for David Letterman , I would n't be here " The conversation has also turned to who could possibly replace him
CNN  -- A drummer for country music star Kellie Pickler was seriously injured in a pileup crash on Interstate 65 in Kentucky , officials said . Gregg Lohman , 36 , was airlifted from the crash site Saturday with head and neck injuries , Master Trooper Norman Chaffins of Kentucky State Police told CNN affiliate WAVE . Lohman was in critical but stable condition Sunday at a Louisville hospital . Pickler confirmed the crash on her Facebook page Sunday : "  Yesterday , my drummer Gregg Lohman was in a horrific car accident and is currently in ICU , " the "  Red High Heels " singer wrote . "  Gregg is not just my drummer , he is family . I believe in miracles and the power of prayer , so it would mean the world to me , my band , and Gregg 's family if you would please keep him in your prayers . Thank y' all so much . " Lohman had slowed down for an earlier , fiery crash on the interstate when another driver failed to notice the slowed traffic and crashed into the back of Lohman 's truck , police told WAVE . Lohman 's truck then hit another vehicle , which rear-ended yet another . Six people from the same family were killed in the initial , fiery crash , WAVE said . Two others were injured in the pileup crash involving Lohman , but both were treated and released . Lohman , who has also performed with Lady Antebellum and SHeDAISY , is also a percussion instructor at Tennessee State University . CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Gregg Lohman "  is not just my drummer , he is family , " Pickler says Lohman suffered head and neck injuries in a Saturday crash , police say He slowed down for an earlier crash that killed six people when he was struck
Washington  CNN  -- For months now , the GOP has been complaining about Barack Obama 's class warfare : He 's pitting the wealthy against the middle class . He 's unfairly asking the rich to pay more taxes . He 's dividing the country along economic lines for his own political agenda . But wait . Has anybody looked at what 's going on in the GOP lately ? Can it be that class warfare is alive and thriving among Republicans ? Sure looks that way . How else to explain Rick Santorum calling the president a "  snob " for emphasizing the importance of a college education ? And when Santorum says that John F. Kennedy 's speech about the absolute separation between church and state made him want to "  throw up , " he 's not exactly aiming for the academic theologians . In the meantime , Mitt Romney -- that establishment fellow -- is out there on the trail talking about his wife driving "  a couple " of Cadillacs . Not to mention the fact that he knows the owners , not the drivers , of NASCAR teams . Contrast that to Santorum 's venture into the Daytona 500 : His campaign is sponsoring a car , not hobnobbing with team owners . Looks like the GOP is driving around some circular tracks of its own , would n't you say ? In many ways , this detour into class distinctions is n't surprising ; it 's actually been percolating for years . Remember when Republicans first spoke about the "  Sam 's Club " members of their party -- that is , their working-class , socially conservative demographic ? They were onto something . In fact , the less-educated , white voters have been shifting toward the GOP for some time -- and have given the party much of its grass-roots energy . So in scurries Rick Santorum , trying to differentiate himself from Romney and fill the populist void . As it turns out , it 's pretty easy : He 's the guy from blue-collar Pennsylvania , the grandson of a coal miner . And Romney is a member of the business elite , a platinum card-carrying member of the GOP establishment , son of a scion of the party . Better yet , Romney keeps reminding voters  inadvertently  that he 's not like them , each time he tries to connect with the Average Joe . "  It may be important for a voter to be able to relate to a president , " a senior Santorum adviser told me . "  But it 's more important for a president to be able to relate to that voter . " So Santorum is trying to relate to every anti-Romney voter . In Michigan , for instance , evangelicals could account for as much as half of the GOP primary electorate . And Santorum figures he 's getting them pretty well locked up with his church-and-state talk . As for those who self-identify as strongly conservative , he figures he 's handing them red meat with his chatter about Barack Obama 's snobbery -- and Romney 's flip-flopping on conservative issues . "  We have a long and storied track record of fighting for conservative causes compared to the other candidate who is running here in Michigan at the top of the polls , " said Santorum . "  We have a clear difference between someone who has fought in the trenches of the country for conservative causes . " Santorum 's attacks on Romney just expose the huge chasm within the GOP between the old elite and the new insurgents . And no matter who becomes the nominee , one faction will be disappointed , and disaffected . The question that remains : whether their dislike of Obama can bring the unity that has so far eluded them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger says now it 's the Republicans who are playing class warfare She notes that the GOP criticized President Obama for "  class warfare " on taxes Rick Santorum is trying to make the case that he represents middle class , she says Borger : Santorum trying to differentiate himself from Romney , who is much richer
CNN  Like many Catholics , I applauded the news this week that Pope Francis had formally declared Salvadoran Archbishop Oscar Romero a martyr , paving the way for his beatification , the final step before sainthood . Romero was assassinated in 1980 by a right-wing death squad after preaching against the government 's oppression and human rights violations -- what Catholics call "  the preferential option for the poor . " To me , Romero is already a saint , and I am lucky enough to have made a pilgrimage to San Salvador to see the chapel where he was slain while celebrating Mass and to his nearby living quarters , where his blood-stained clothes remain . Just outside the capital , along a dirt road , is another place of pilgrimage , one for four other martyrs . It is where four North American churchwomen -- Maryknoll Sisters Ita Ford and Maura Clarke , Ursuline Sister Dorothy Kazel and lay missioner Jean Donovan -- were raped , killed and buried just months after the assassination of Romero . While much has been made about the slow pace of Romero 's sainthood cause , especially after the fast-tracking of now-blessed John Paul II , there has been little outcry about the need to open sainthood causes for these women . A Maryknoll spokeswoman told me the order is not aware of anyone officially pursuing canonization of any of the four churchwomen . And the Ursuline Sisters of Cleveland have not opened a cause for Kazel , said Sister Susan Durkin , president of the order . "  That does n't mean we wo n't consider doing that moving forward , especially in light of the announcement about Archbishop Romero , which we are all certainly happy about and has been a long time coming , " she said . I believe Ford , Clarke , Kazel and Donovan 's commitment to the poor in the face of grave danger that ultimately led to their death qualifies them for consideration to sainthood . Who were the four North American churchwomen ? Ford , a native New Yorker , had joined the Maryknoll order in her 30s and had worked in Chile in the 1970s in the wake of the U.S.-backed military coup that overthrew the democratically elected government there . Responding to pleas for help from Romero , Ford left for El Salvador , only to learn about the archbishop 's death while en route . Ford was later joined by Clarke , also a native New Yorker , who had entered the Maryknollers at 19 . By the time she went to El Salvador , Clarke was an experienced missionary , having served the poor in Nicaragua for 20 years . Both women were returning from a regional meeting of their religious order in Managua on December 2 , 1980 . They were met at the airport by Kazel and Donovan . Kazel had been engaged to be married before joining the Urusline Sisters in Cleveland . She worked first as a teacher , then joined a mission team in El Salvador in the early 1970s . Donovan , a laywoman , grew up in Connecticut and was working for an accounting firm in Cleveland when a spiritual search led her to the diocesan mission project in El Salvador . All four women served the poor at a time when the Salvadoran government had become increasingly suspicious of the church 's work among the people . After leaving the airport on that fateful night , the women 's car was stopped by National Guardsmen , who beat , raped and shot them . Although several lower-level guardsmen were convicted , a U.N. truth commission concluded the men responsible had carried out the killings on orders from above . Donovan was 27 . Kazel was 41 . Ford was 40 . Clarke was 49 . Are they not martyrs also ? As with Romero , some Catholics question whether these women were killed in odium fidei , literally "  in hatred for the faith . " Traditionally this has meant death for refusing to renounce one 's Christian beliefs . In August , Pope Francis told reporters that one of the questions the Vatican congregation faced with Romero 's case was whether such hatred could also be because of the good works the person did because of his or her belief . This week 's announcement about Romero seems to have answered that question . The Catholic Church 's process for declaring someone is a saint can be costly and requires support from an organized group , most often a religious order -- which explains why so many founders and foundresses have been canonized over the centuries . It also explains why the church has so few lay saints . But the lack of an official stamp of sainthood has not stopped Catholics from honoring the four churchwomen of El Salvador . Books have been written about them , those involved in justice work pray for their intercession , and young Catholics already choose their names as their confirmation names . While Romero 's heroic transformation from quiet priest to outspoken archbishop is inspiring , he 's not the only Catholic killed for speaking out against injustice , oppression and human rights violations during the 12-year civil war in El Salvador . Among the more than 75,000 Salvadorans who lost their lives were six Jesuit priests , their housekeeper and her daughter , who were killed by government forces at the University of Central America . And these four brave North American women . After Clarke 's death , a fellow Maryknoll sister is said to have found a poster among her belongings with the words : "  Follow me , and if you follow me and lose your life , others will follow you . " If that is n't the definition of a martyr , I do n't know what is . It 's time to make the martyrdoms of these women official , too .	Heidi Schlumpf : Oscar Romero , assassinated in 1980 in El Salvador , on just path to sainthood Three nuns and laywoman were killed on missionary work shortly after Romero Why no sainthood push for them ? Schlumpf asks
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Investigators found testosterone , painkillers and anti-anxiety drugs in the body of professional wrestler Chris Benoit , who killed his wife and son last month before hanging himself in his Atlanta home , a medical examiner said Tuesday . Investigators found steroids in the body of pro wrestler Chris Benoit , who killed his family in June . Dr. Kris Sperry , Georgia 's chief medical examiner , said the body of Benoit 's wife , Nancy , also contained painkillers and anti-anxiety drugs . Sperry said it 's likely the Benoits ' 7-year-old son , Daniel , was sedated at the time he was murdered , because a high level of the anti-anxiety drug Xanax was found in the boy 's system . Xanax is not normally prescribed for children , Sperry said . Chris Benoit 's body contained an "  elevated " level of testosterone and therapeutic levels of Xanax and the painkiller hydrocodone , Sperry said . But , he said , the level of testosterone revealed nothing conclusive about the wrestler 's state of mind before his death . "  There 's no reliable scientific data that says elevated levels of testosterone lead to psychotic rage , " Sperry said . "  The only thing we can ascertain is that this level of testosterone indicates that he had been using testosterone at least in some reasonably short period of time before he died , " he said . "  It could be an indication he was being treated for testicular insufficiency . " The investigators found no other drugs , including steroids , in Benoit 's body . The investigation into the Benoits ' deaths led to speculation that the wrestler may have been injecting steroids and had experienced what is called " ` roid rage , " leading him to kill his wife and son . An official who is part of the investigation told CNN last month that Benoit 's name was on receipts that indicated he had purchased shipments of anabolic steroids and human growth hormones from Signature Pharmacy . The Orlando , Florida , facility is at the center of a nationwide investigation into the sale of illegal steroids . Phil Astin , Benoit 's personal doctor , has been indicted by a grand jury on seven charges of improperly dispensing and distributing painkillers and other drugs . Astin has been released on $ 125,000 bond and is under house arrest . Although Benoit 's name was not mentioned in Astin 's indictment , his arrest stemmed from the investigation into the Benoits ' deaths . "  Through prescription records for Mr. Benoit maintained at a pharmacy in Fayetteville , Georgia , Dr. Astin was identified as prescribing , on average , a 10-month supply of anabolic steroids to Mr. Benoit every three to four weeks from May 4 , 2006 , through May 9 , 2007 , " the U.S. attorney 's office said . Sperry said the body of Nancy Benoit also contained therapeutic levels of hydrocodone and Xanax , along with hydromorphone , which he said is a byproduct of the breakdown of hydrocodone . Nancy Benoit 's blood alcohol level was .184 , which is over the legal limit for intoxication , but Sperry said all of the alcohol found in her body "  could come from the decomposition process . " Sperry said investigators did not have enough specimen to test for steroids or human growth hormone in Daniel 's body . Daniel 's body showed signs of needle marks at the time of his death , but Sperry could not speculate why . District Attorney Scott Ballard would not answer questions about the state of the investigation into the Benoits ' deaths , which he said is ongoing . "  We 'd rather wait until we have more of the pieces so we can be more accurate and discuss more of a whole what happened , " he said . "  We 're trying to envision as best we can what happened inside that household . This  the toxicology report  adds one element to all the other elements . " Police have said Benoit , 40 , strangled his wife , Nancy , and suffocated Daniel , then placed Bibles next to their bodies before hanging himself on a portable weight machine over the weekend of June 23 . E-mail to a friend	Testosterone found in wrestler Chris Benoit 's body , officials said Xanax and other drugs found in his wife , Georgia ME says Benoit is believed to have killed his wife and son in June , then killed himself
New York  CNN  -- Beyond the unhealthy influence that our demand for factory-farmed meat has in the area of food-borne illness and communicable diseases , we could cite many other influences on public health , most obviously the now-widely recognized relationship between the nation 's major killers -- heart disease , No. 1 ; cancer , No. 2 ; and stroke , No. 3 -- and meat consumption . Or , much less obviously , the distorting influence of the meat industry on the information about nutrition we receive from the government and medical professionals . In 1917 , while World War I devastated Europe and just before the Spanish flu devastated the world , a group of women , in part motivated to make maximal use of America 's food resources during wartime , founded what is now the nation 's premier group of food and nutrition professionals , the American Dietetic Association . Since the 1990s , the group has issued what has become the standard we-definitely-know-this-much summary of the healthfulness of a vegetarian diet . The association takes a conservative stand , leaving out many well-documented health benefits attributable to reducing the consumption of animal products . Here are the three key sentences from the summary of the relevant scientific literature . One : Well-planned vegetarian diets are appropriate for all individuals during all stages of the life cycle , including pregnancy , lactation , infancy , childhood and adolescence , and for athletes . Two : Vegetarian diets tend to be lower in saturated fat and cholesterol , and have higher levels of dietary fiber , magnesium and potassium , vitamins C and E , folate , carotenoids , flavonoids and other phytochemicals . Three : Vegetarians and vegans , including those who are athletes , "  meet and exceed requirements " for protein , the paper notes elsewhere . And , to render the whole we-should-worry-about-getting-enough-protein-and-therefore-eat-meat idea even more useless , other data suggest that excess animal protein intake is linked with osteoporosis , kidney disease , calcium stones in the urinary tract and some cancers . Despite some persistent confusion , it is clear that vegetarians and vegans tend to have more optimal protein consumption than omnivores . Finally , we have the really important news , based not on speculation , however well-grounded in basic science such speculation might be , but on the definitive gold standard of nutritional research : studies on actual human populations . "  Vegetarian diets are often associated with a number of health advantages , including lower blood cholesterol levels , lower risk of heart disease "  which alone accounts for more than 25 percent of all annual deaths in the nation  , "  lower blood pressure levels , and lower risk of hypertension and type 2 diabetes . Vegetarians tend to have a lower body mass index "  that is , they are not as fat  "  and lower overall cancer rates "  cancers account for nearly another 25 percent of all annual deaths in the nation  . If it 's sometimes hard to believe that eschewing animal products will make it easier to eat healthfully , there is a reason : We are constantly lied to about nutrition . Let me be precise . When I say we are being lied to , I 'm not impugning the scientific literature but relying upon it . What the public learns of the scientific data on nutrition and health , especially from the government 's nutritional guidelines , comes to us by way of many hands . From the start , those who produce meat have made sure that they are among those who influence how nutritional data will be presented to the likes of you and me . Consider , for example , the National Dairy Council , a marketing arm of Dairy Management Inc. , an industry body whose sole purpose , according to its Web site , is to "  drive increased sales of and demand for U.S. dairy products . " The council promotes dairy consumption without regard for negative public-health consequences and even markets dairy to communities incapable of digesting the stuff . As it is a trade group , the dairy council 's behavior is at least understandable . What is hard to comprehend is why educators and government have , since the 1950s , allowed the dairy council to become arguably the largest and most important supplier of nutritional-education materials in the nation . Worse , our present federal "  nutritional " guidelines come to us from the U.S. Department of Agriculture , the very same government department that has worked so hard to make factory farming the norm in America . The USDA has a monopoly on the most important advertising space in the nation , those little nutritional boxes we find on virtually everything we eat . Founded the same year that the American Dietetic Association opened its offices , the USDA was charged with providing nutritional information to the nation and ultimately with creating guidelines that would serve public health . At the same time , though , the USDA was charged with promoting industry . The conflict of interest is not subtle : Our nation gets its federally endorsed nutritional information from an agency that must support the food industry , which today means supporting factory farms . The details of misinformation that dribble into our lives  like fears about "  enough protein "  follow naturally from this fact and have been reflected upon in detail by writers like Marion Nestle . As a public-health expert , Nestle has worked extensively with government -- on "  The Surgeon General 's Report on Nutrition and Health , " for one -- and has had decades of interaction with the food industry . In many ways , her conclusions confirm what we already expected , but the insider 's perspective she brings has lent a new clarity to the picture of just how much influence the food industry , especially animal agriculture , has on national nutrition policy . She argues that food companies , like cigarette companies , will say and do whatever works to sell products . They will "  lobby Congress to eliminate regulations perceived as unfavorable ; they press federal regulatory agencies not to enforce such regulations ; and when they do n't like regulatory decisions , they file lawsuits . Like cigarette companies , food companies co-opt food and nutrition experts by supporting professional organizations and research , and they expand sales by marketing directly to children . " Regarding U.S. government recommendations that tend to encourage dairy consumption in the name of preventing osteoporosis , Nestle notes that in parts of the world where milk is not a staple of the diet , people often have less osteoporosis and fewer bone fractures than Americans do . The highest rates of osteoporosis are seen in countries where people consume the most dairy foods . In a striking example of food industry influence , Nestle argues that the USDA has an informal policy to avoid saying that we should "  eat less " of any food , no matter how damaging its health impact may be . Thus , instead of saying "  eat less meat , " which might be helpful , it advises us to "  keep fat intake to less than 30 percent of total calories , " which is obscure to say the least . The institution we have put in charge of telling us when foods are dangerous has a policy of not  directly  telling us when foods , especially if they are animal products , are dangerous . We have let the food industry craft our national nutrition policy , which influences everything from what foods are stocked in the health-food aisle at the local grocery store to what our children eat at school . In the National School Lunch Program , for example , more than half a billion of our tax dollars are given to the dairy , beef , egg and poultry industries to provide animal products to children , despite the fact that nutritional data would suggest we should reduce these foods in our diets . Meanwhile , a modest $ 161 million is offered to buy fruits and vegetables that even the USDA admits we should eat more of . Would n't it make more sense and be more ethical for the National Institutes of Health , an organization specializing in human health and having nothing to gain beyond it , to have this responsibility ? The global implications of the growth of the factory farm , especially given the problems of food-borne illness , antimicrobial resistance and potential pandemics , are genuinely terrifying . India 's and China 's poultry industries have grown somewhere between 5 and 13 percent annually since the 1980s . If India and China started to eat poultry in the same quantities as Americans -- 27 to 28 birds annually -- they alone would consume as many chickens as the entire world does today . If the world followed America 's lead , it would consume more than 165 billion chickens annually , even without an increase in population . And then what ? Two hundred billion ? Five hundred ? Will the cages stack higher or grow smaller or both ? On what date will we accept the loss of antibiotics as a tool to prevent human suffering ? How many days of the week will our grandchildren be ill ? Where does it end ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Safran Foer .	Safran Foer : Food industry influences what stores stock , what schoolchildren eat USDA charged with creating nutritional guidelines and promoting industry Expert : Food industry , like cigarette industry , says anything to sell products Nation 's premier group of nutrition experts supports vegetarianism , he says
CNN  -- Thousands of women demonstrated Monday in front of Yemen 's foreign ministry in the capital , Sanaa , demanding U.N. intervention in the ongoing unrest in the Persian Gulf nation , residents and eyewitnesses said . The protest comes a day after the first woman was killed in a demonstration against the government , according to opposition activists . The women called for sanctions against President Ali Abdullah Saleh and asked that he be tried by the International Criminal Court . They also alleged that snipers were on the rooftop of the foreign ministry Sunday . The protests came hours after gunfire and loud explosions reverberated throughout the capital early Monday . Medics in Change Square said at least four people were killed and another 26 injured after government forces raided parts of the capital . Another eight people died and 20 were injured in government raids on civilian property , said Abdulqawi al-Qaisi , a prominent opposition leader and head of the Sadeq Ahmar media office . "  The death toll is expected to rise as a number of the injured are in critical condition , " he said . According to eyewitnesses , government security forces clashed with tribesmen loyal to Hashid tribal leader Sadeq Al-Ahmar in the Hasabah neighborhood in northern Sanaa . Government forces attacked the tribal leader 's family residences , al-Qaisi said . "  The government attacks against innocent civilians and the Ahmar family continued for hours and hundreds of explosions were heard throughout the morning , causing fear throughout the capital , " he said . Residents and witnesses also reported that the Republican Guard was bombarding the headquarters of the 1st Armored Division , loyal to Maj. Gen. Ali Mohsen Al-Ahmar , who withdrew his support for Saleh in March . The embattled Saleh said Sunday that "  strong documentation of the cooperation " between al Qaeda and the Muslim Brotherhood indicate a military coup that is destabilizing the country . He described the opposition as "  insane people , who ca n't sleep and only want to take power . " "  The international community must stop Saleh from killing his own people , " al-Qaisi said Monday . "  If no intervention takes place , he will continue killing and the casualties will rise . " On Sunday night , three people died in Sanaa when a rocket-propelled grenade hit bystanders , medics said . Earlier Sunday , Yemeni security forces opened fired on demonstrators gathering for a planned march in the capital , killing five people and injuring 54 others , according to a medic on the scene . In a separate demonstration in the city of Taiz , a government sniper killed a woman with a shot to the head , medics and eyewitnesses said . Medics identified the woman as Aziza Othman Kaleb . Snipers also injured four others who were next to the woman in the march , the sources said . Opposition activists said the slain woman was 20 and said she was the first female to be killed while marching against the government . CNN could not independently confirm that claim . Activist Atiaf Alwazir called the shooting of a woman "  a sign that the government security forces will not really stop shooting , even if there are women . " "  Women may have been beaten , arrested at times -- but never directly shot at and this is a scary escalation , " she said . The crackdown in Sanaa was also bloody , doctors said . "  The injured are entering the hospital by the minute . We need help . We call on people to donate blood for the injured , " said Mohammed Al-Qubati , who works at a field hospital in Change Square . Five of the wounded are in critical condition , he said from the square that has become the center of protests against Saleh . Protesters carried signs with slogans including : "  Saleh kills and the world watches . Is this the justice the West preaches ? " according to witnesses and activists . Others carried flowers or signs that said : "  We are not armed , Do n't attack us with gunfire , " witnesses said Sunday . CNN has not independently confirmed the details of casualties in Sanaa or Taiz , and the government has not yet responded to requests for comment . Saleh , meeting Sunday with Yemeni leaders , said members of the U.N. Security Council do n't understand the true picture in his country , the state news agency Saba reported . He also said those who participate in "  heavily armed marches " are killing soldiers . "  Are these peaceful acts ? " he asked , according to the news agency . Last week , tens of thousands of protesters gathered in Sanaa , marching , chanting and calling for the United Nations to come out with a firm resolution in support for change in the country . For its part , the government said it is trying to come up with a solution to end the political stalemate . "  The ruling party is serious on finding a solution to the political crisis from its roots to ensure they do n't erupt in the future , " said Tareq Shami , spokesman for the General People 's Congress , the ruling party . CNN senior State Department producer Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 12 people are dead in Yemen , officials say Women protesters ask for sanctions against Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh Heavy gunfire and explosions are reported in the capital of Yemen Protesters have been calling for Saleh to step down for months
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Authorities in Argentina 's capital are searching for at least three people who allegedly broke into a bank through an underground tunnel , state media reported . Investigators believe the thieves entered the bank through a 30-meter  98-foot  tunnel -- replete with rugs , lighting and ventilation , the state-run Telam news agency said . "  It was truly impressive , " prosecutor Martin Niklison told Telam . Authorities traced the tunnel to a rented business space on the same block in Buenos Aires where the bank is located . It was rented in July , Niklison said , according to Telam . The suspects broke into more than 130 safe-deposit boxes during the robbery , which occurred when the branch of Banco Provincia de Buenos Aires was closed over the New Year 's holiday weekend , Telam said . Bank security cameras recorded images of the suspects leaving with money and stolen objects , the news agency reported .	Investigators find a tunnel between a bank and a nearby rented business The robbery occured over the New Year 's holiday weekend The bank says suspects broke into at least 130 safe-deposit boxes
Lisa and Joe 's marriage was all but over . After his return from Iraq , they optimistically went about forging a life together . They married in 2009 , got good jobs and moved into a nice house on Long Island , New York . For Lisa , the war was the past . But for Joe , it never faded away . Even as the years went by and he left the Marine Corps , his mind drifted back and the awful memories grew more intense . They took control of his dreams and gradually replaced his gentle demeanor with rage . He drank heavily . Lisa did n't know what was wrong with her husband . But his struggle resulted in her own painful memories . One is especially vivid . Reaching for something in their freezer one day , she dropped a bowl of spaghetti sauce on the kitchen floor . Her husband exploded . Mistakes ca n't be made , he angrily warned her . In Iraq , mistakes could get someone killed . "  It was startling . It was shocking to see that something falling could cause so much panic in him , " she said . "  Why did he react this way ? Where were all these feelings coming from ? I did n't really have an answer for any of it . " In November , Lisa and Joe sat down with me in their Long Island home . They 've come a long way since that tense night in their kitchen . Still , they insisted their real names not be used in this story and asked CNN to obscure their faces in a video interview because of the stigma associated with post-traumatic stress . They were afraid his boss and co-workers might recognize them . But they wanted to tell their story so that more people would know about a first-of-its-kind clinic they credit for saving their marriage . In January 2013 , the couple began getting therapy at the Unified Behavioral Health Center for Military Veterans and their Families in Bay Shore , on Long Island 's South Shore . A counselor at the local VA told Joe that he should check out this clinic that opened in December 2012 . Civilians and veteran clinicians work together The center 's concept sounds simple . But it 's revolutionary . Typically , the VA does not treat family members unless the veteran asks for it . But at the center , family members are equally empowered to get treatment , and they can get it with their soldiers in a single , shared space . Here 's how it works : When a veteran or a family member walks through the front door , the family member turns to the left and is seen by a civilian clinician . The service member or veteran turns to the right and is seen by a VA therapist . They also have the option to be treated together . Dr. Charlene Thomesen , a psychiatrist and the associate chief of staff for Mental Health Services at the VA Medical Center in Northport , was among a small group that came up with the idea . Thomesen and her colleagues made sure the private side of the clinic was staffed with counselors trained to treat children , she told me . "  There 's the issue of newly returning service members being younger and having young families -- the VA does not have expertise to treat children , " she said . "  I always saw that as a need . " With their patients ' permission , the VA and private clinicians meet regularly to share details of their respective sessions and devise the best way to treat the family as a whole . For example , a veteran who is on a sobriety plan may say in therapy that he is n't drinking but the wife tells her therapist otherwise . Or perhaps one partner reveals there 's physical abuse in the home . Knowing more allows therapists to get to the heart of their patients ' problems . Joe and Lisa believe this full-circle approach is exactly what they needed . After the first session together with a therapist , Joe was n't sure he wanted to continue . "  One of my biggest fears was that this guy was going to dismantle my marriage , " he said . "  He was going to show me that it was n't worth it or we were n't meant for each other . " Lisa had her fears , too . She assumed that by being completely honest about her feelings , she was burdening her husband when he 'd already been burdened enough by war . Therapy emboldened her to tell him how she felt , and he reassured her . "  It really touched me to know that while I worried about him , " she said , "  he was worried about me . " So Lisa kept gently pressing , making their appointments because , at this clinic , she could . Iraqi war veteran encourages patients to get help Iraq veteran Andrew Roberts can empathize with Lisa and Joe . As director of the Office of Military and Veterans Liaison Services for the clinic 's parent health system , North Shore LIJ , it 's his job to get out into the community and encourage veterans , service members and their families to come to the center . The job also helps him continue to heal . When the 38-year-old came home in 2004 , he was constantly anxious and arguing with his father . "  He told me that it hurt him and I needed to see somebody , " Roberts recalled . "  I was angry . I was thinking he should go see a therapist . Finally , after getting pretty worked up about it , I thought , ` Oh God , maybe I should go talk to somebody . ' " Counseling helped Roberts ease back into civilian life , and it strengthened his relationship with his dad . He turned to veterans groups for extra help , and that in turn made him confident enough to pursue a career in veterans affairs . Those jobs led him to his position with the clinic . "  For these veterans , they feel like I did ; like you 're the first person to ask for help , " he said . "  I try to say to every one of them who comes in here -- a lot of our peers did n't make it home . I know that they would want us to live the best life possible . You ca n't live a good life , for some of us , without some professional help . " There is no cost for treatment , Roberts said , because the clinic is supported by a grant from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and local partners . The average length of time for treatment is three months , he said , but that depends on the individual 's needs . Some patients may drop in whenever they feel they need to talk . By the end of 2013 , the VA had treated 499 patients on its side , according to Roberts , and the civilian side had treated 92 family members . The center tracks patients ' progress in many ways , said its program director , psychologist Mayer Bellehsen . When a patient or couple begins treatment , a therapist measures their symptoms using nationally set standards for mental health . A patient could be assessed for PTSD , depression and anxiety . Couples answer questions about their circumstances and how they feel based on a nationally accepted model for couples ' therapy . Families seeking treatment do the same . At various intervals throughout treatment , these symptoms are re-evaluated . Patients also fill out surveys , with most showing "  a high degree of satisfaction with the services we offer , " Bellehsen said . Because the center is new , he added , it 's still gathering enough data to conduct a statistical analysis that would demonstrate , in concrete ways , its successes . For Joe and Lisa , the center has proved its effectiveness . They hold hands and talk , finally calm after years of chaos . Every chance he gets , Joe tells the friends he served with that they should do anything they can to get help . "  I let them know , " he said , "  without a doubt it saved my marriage . "	The VA does not typically treat family members unless the veterans ask for it New York clinic empowers both a family and warrior to get treatment separate or together Civilian and VA therapists meet to devise best way to treat family as a whole
Montevista , Philippines  CNN  -- Bent over amid the wreckage of her family 's home , Jane Bucani , 17 , leafs through the sodden remnants of her school yearbook , trying to see what memories she can salvage . Her mother , Rosal , picks among the jumble of debris where her kitchen used to be . The broken appliances strewn across the floor are the only indication that this was where she would cook for her five children . And they are some of the more fortunate ones . Up and down the poor , remote Compostela Valley region on the southern Philippine island of Mindanao , families like the Bucanis are trying to come to terms with what hit them . Thousands of flimsy houses have been ripped to shreds . Scores of people are dead . Hundreds more are still missing , swept away in flash floods that roared down from the hills . In some places , mudcaked corpses line the streets , covered with cloths and palm leaves . Distraught relatives wail and tug at one another 's clothes . Rescuers struggle to aid Philippines storm victims The merciless force that tore apart lives in the valley and elsewhere in eastern Mindanao was Typhoon Bopha , known locally as "  Pablo , " the strongest tropical cyclone to hit the island in decades . Rosal Bucani , 48 , who lives in the town of Montevista , said she had never experienced anything like it . She did n't hear the warnings to take refuge in evacuation centers . Many of those who did failed to heed them . The area is sheltered from the worst of the weather by mountains , they figured . And besides , the big typhoons that slam into the Philippines every year never come this far south , especially not this late in the year . But Bopha did . And it brought savage winds that uprooted entire banana plantations in low-lying areas , and relentless rain that unleashed torrents of rocks and mud down the mountainsides where shanty-dwelling miners dig for gold . The epicenter of the devastation appears to have been in New Bataan , a town about 20 kilometers  12 miles  southeast of Montevista and close to the steep mountains . The flash floods hit it head-on Tuesday , washing away families huddled in their homes and soldiers stationed in a compound in the town . Large parts of New Bataan and many of the people who lived there are now buried under mud , fallen trees and rubble , said Arnaldo Arcadio , an emergency response program manager for Catholic Relief Services , a humanitarian group . "  The mood is really gloomy , " he said Thursday after visiting the town , where 90 % to 95 % of the houses are believed to have been destroyed or damaged . At least 142 people from New Bataan have died -- 110 of whom had n't been identified as of Friday morning -- Philippine authorities say . And with more than 340 others still unaccounted for in the town , the grim math of natural disasters suggests the death toll will rise further . Residents who evaded death now lack food , shelter and , most of all , drinking water , since the nearest source is 5 kilometers away , according to Arcadio . "  They are just trying to survive , " he said , noting that the knee-deep mud in many places made it difficult to get around , with several areas of the town completely inaccessible . Philippine President Benigno Aquino III will visit New Bataan on Friday to assess the damage and oversee the distribution of relief goods , the official Philippine News Agency reported . "  I have Mindanao on my mind , especially the number of people missing , " Aquino said Thursday . "  I am hoping these people will be found safe and sound . " The president said he is saddened that some families will spend the holidays in evacuation centers because their homes were destroyed . Rescue workers have been struggling to reach many of the worst affected areas in Compostela Valley and the neighboring Davao Oriental region . Landslides have blocked roads and knocked out power and communications . Bopha raked across Mindanao and several other Philippine islands before moving off into the South China Sea . It has caused at least 418 deaths in the country , left about a quarter of a million homeless and affected more than 5 million people overall , the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council , the Philippines ' emergency management agency , reported Friday morning . Some 383 people are missing and 445 are injured , the agency said . The typhoon arrived just ahead of a sinister anniversary on Mindanao . A year ago , Tropical Storm Washi drenched northern areas of the island with heavy rain , setting off flash floods and landslides in the middle of the night that destroyed entire villages . Washi , dubbed "  Sendong " in the Philippines , killed more than 1,200 people and left painful memories in the hardest hit areas , Cagayan de Oro and Iligan City . The approach this week of Bopha , a far more powerful storm than Washi , had residents fearing fresh devastation . Local authorities took preemptive action , relocating thousands of people to evacuation centers and setting up emergency supplies . But in the end , northern Mindanao was spared the worst of Bopha 's fury . It was the less prepared communities of Compostela Valley and Davao Oriental , further south and east , that bore the brunt . An ethnically mixed area , the Compostela Valley was inhabited by a multitude of tribes until the 20th century , when a logging boom brought waves of migrants from further north in the Philippines . The timber trade , and later the mining industry , changed the geological and demographic landscape , stripping away the forests and driving many tribes into the hills . The valley is also known for its rich , fertile plain , where rice , corn , bananas and coconuts are grown . But on Thursday , the headline of the Philippine Star , a national newspaper , gave it a new , grim title : "  Valley of the dead . " If you are there , share your story CNN 's Liz Neisloss reported from Montevista , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . Elizabeth Joseph and Michael Pearson also contributed to this report .	At least 418 people have died as a result of Typhoon Bopha , Filipino officials say That includes 142 people in the town of New Bataan , the government reports Some residents in the remote area did n't hear warnings , others ignored them Survivors are in desperate need of water , food and shelter , a relief worker says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Tokyo has overtaken Luanda , Angola , as the world 's most expensive city for overseas staff after the cost of imported goods rose in the wake of last year 's earthquake . An annual cost of living report , released Tuesday by U.S. consulting firm Mercer , showed several Japanese cities had moved up in the rankings after the yen strengthened against the U.S. dollar . Two other Japanese cities rank in the top ten : Osaka comes in third with Nagoya in 10th place . Elsewhere , Luanda drops to second , Moscow is forth , with Geneva in fifth place . Researchers looked at 214 cities around the world , analyzing data from March 2011 to March 2012 . "  We compare the cost of over 200 items in each location , including housing , transport , food , clothing , household goods and entertainment , " senior researcher Nathalie Constantin-MÃ © tral said in a video on the company 's website . The survey uses New York City , which dropped one spot to 33rd on the list , as their base city when evaluating foreign cities . As a result of the on-going European financial crisis , many cities across Europe fell in the rankings . London dropped seven spots to 25th this year , while Paris moved down 10 spots to No. 37 . "  Countries badly hit by the Eurozone crisis , including Greece , Italy and Spain , have also experienced drops in rental accommodation prices , " Constantin-MÃ © tral said in the report . In Italy , Milan dropped 13 spots , while Rome fell eight spots to No. 42 . By contrast , cities in Asia and the Americas moved up as their currencies strengthened . The cost of housing remained the strongest indicator for the cost of living in all cities .	Tokyo moved up from No. 2 last year to become world 's most expensive city Housing costs are the biggest indicator of cost of living , researchers say Euro crisis caused many European cities to fall in rankings Asian cities make up five of the top 10 most expensive cities
CNN  -- John Cossman 's friends call him cancer 's iron man . He 's had more than 90 radiation treatments and 200 chemo treatments since being diagnosed with head and neck cancer eight years ago . The cancer has spread to his right lung , his right arm and his brain . Four years ago , he ran out of treatment options -- every available form of chemo had been used . If he wanted to live , he 'd have to enter clinical trials . "  How long do I have here ? " he asked his doctor . "  With treatment , two years , " the doctor responded . "  Without treatment , six months . " Now , Cossman , 61 , is sitting in a doctor 's office , ready to undergo a CT scan that will determine if his cancer is being kept in check . He 's on his fourth clinical trial . Three times , he 's heard bad news . He tries not to think about that as he slides into the giant machine that envelopes his body . He thinks instead of his wife and 13-year-old daughter , adopted from China . Life offers too much to give in . "  I will know when there 's not a whole helluva lot of time left . And I do n't feel that way right now . ... If what I 'm doing can help somebody down the line , then it 's worthwhile . " Holding disease at bay Cossman is one of 16 patients with progressive forms of cancer currently taking part in a study of a developmental drug by the Cambridge , Massachusetts-based Cerulean Pharma . The company hopes to add another 20 patients to the trial in laboratories in Arizona , California and New Mexico . The test drug is in the second phase of a three-phase process that takes years before the Food and Drug Administration even considers whether to bring the drug to market . Cossman is one of the tens of thousands of people worldwide enrolled in drug trials . According to ClinicalTrials.gov , there are more than 96,500 trials under way in 174 countries . Cossman learned of drug trials through his oncologist -- "  otherwise , I 'd know nothing about them . " He wants to make others "  aware of head and neck cancer , and that clinical trials are available , " he says . "  People need to be aware , though , that they are rolling the dice . " In this case , the chemotherapy drug , known as CRLX101 , is placed inside nanoparticles -- tiny particles just slightly bigger than molecules -- that are delivered intravenously every two weeks to patients . The hope is that the nanoparticles target the cancer and release chemotherapy inside the tumors while shielding healthy tissue from the toxicity of chemo , says Oliver Fetzer , the president and CEO of Cerulean . By doing that , the drug homes in on the tumors and , at the same time , patients can maintain a decent quality of life . "  You want to see how long you can actually hold the disease at bay , " Fetzer says . Adds John Ryan , Cerulean 's chief medical officer : "  The true measure of success in oncology is extending the length of time someone stays alive . " Yet this drug is far from market . The FDA can put a stop to a clinical trial at any moment if unexpected safety issues arise . "  We keep in touch with the FDA constantly throughout the clinical trial , " Ryan says . "  There 's a constant interchange with the FDA , particularly with respect to the safety of the drug and anything unexpected . " It takes about nine years for an oncology drug to go through the necessary clinical studies to FDA approval , said Dr. Kenneth Kaitin , director of The Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development , an independent nonprofit research group . According to a 2007 study by the center , a drug company spends about $ 1.3 billion per approved product , a figure that includes costs of failed test drugs . When the test drug is for cancer , the patients have very aggressive forms . Success is often measured in small steps . "  What you 're normally looking at in this patient population , if you can keep it at bay for two months , you are actually doing quite well , because the patients are so far along " with cancer , says Fetzer . "  It 's a rule of thumb at best , because every disease is different , every patient is different . " ' I went through every type of chemo ' It started with a lump in his throat eight years ago . Cossman thought it would go away . His doctor diagnosed it as head and neck cancer -- a surprise to Cossman because he 's never been a heavy drinker or smoker . He underwent 36 radiation and chemo treatments over 2 1/2 months . He survived on a feeding tube for six months . The next three years would be cancer free . But in June 2005 , a tumor popped up in his right lower lung . Chemo and radiation began again . The tumor was eliminated , yet a spot showed up again about a year later . "  You get to a point where they ca n't radiate the lung any more . " He still has breathing problems from the radiation to his lung . One chemo treatment clogged up his tear ducts . Another created a rash all over his body . "  By June 2006 , " he says , "  I went through every type of chemo that 's been approved for head and neck cancer . The chemo would either stop working or the side effects would be more detrimental to my health . " His option : Die or enter clinical trials . The first study kept his tumors -- by that time he had four -- in check for about five months . To remain in a trial , tumor growth has to be limited to 20 percent . A scan showed 22 percent growth . "  You ca n't immediately go from one study to another . You have to be washed out for 30 days of chemicals and radiation . " In his second study , he developed a tumor on his right arm . He soon was having vision problems and started losing his hair . The man who had already endured so much was diagnosed with a brain tumor . In December , he underwent surgery to remove it . His third study earlier this year did not work . "  You hold your breath , hoping that it 's working . Then , when the CT scan comes back and it shows the tumors are growing , it 's really frustrating . " "  Do I get depressed ? Yes . But do I want to give up ? No , " he says . So Cossman entered his fourth study this summer , the trial by Cerulean Pharma . Fighting on Dressed in a medical gown , Cossman awaits the CT scan . He 's gently glided into the large tube . The tests take just a few minutes . He does n't look for sympathy . He has no complaints about what he 's been dealt . In fact , he celebrates life because "  it 's been good to me . " His little girl was 5 when he was diagnosed . She 's now 13 . He says his doctor told him only 5 percent of cancer patients who could be eligible for trials are aware of them . He wants others who are suffering to be more proactive -- to ask their doctors about all their options . Slowly , he emerges from his CT scan . The waiting for results begins . He heads home . He tries not to get his hopes up . His phone rings after a few hours . On the other end of the line , his doctor delivers the best news he 's had in more than a year . His cancer has grown at a rate of 11 percent , enough to remain on the study . Yet the good news is only temporary . A few weeks later , blood shows up in Cossman 's bladder and a new tumor is found on his back . His doctor advises getting him off the study . Cossman hopes to enter a new one soon . "  You 're always on a roller-coaster when you have cancer . You have some successes and a lot of failures . " Does he still have the fight to live ? "  Definitely , " he says . CNN 's Jarrett Bellini contributed to this report .	John Cossman has been battling cancer for eight years He turned to clinical trials to stay alive after regular treatment options ran out He underwent his fourth clinical study this summer ; he 's one of 16 people in the study Before FDA approval , a drug goes through yearslong testing
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Insurgents apparently tied to al Qaeda attacked a checkpoint in western Baghdad and killed five police officers early Tuesday , officials said . In the eastern city of Kut , meanwhile , at least 20 people were killed and 50 wounded when a bomb in a parked car exploded at a busy outdoor market , according to officials at the interior ministry . Health ministry officials , however , said three people died and 62 were wounded in the Kut bombing . Two other car bombs were defused by Iraqi security forces about half an hour after the first explosion , interior officials said . Such attacks have been uncommon in Kut , the provincial capital of the predominantly Shiite province of Wasit . The gunmen in Baghdad , who police officials said used pistols equipped with silencers , left behind a black flag , which is used to represent the Islamic State of Iraq . The umbrella group includes a number of Sunni extremist organizations and has ties to al Qaeda in Iraq . The same flag was left behind by insurgents after they attacked several security checkpoints and killed at least 16 people in a neighborhood in northeastern Baghdad last week . The Islamic State of Iraq also claimed responsibility for last week 's suicide attack on a television station in Iraq that killed at least six people and wounded 20 . Police officials said another officer was wounded Tuesday after a bomb attached to his vehicle exploded in the Hurriya district in northwestern Baghdad . Two bystanders also were injured , police said . Separately , three roadside bombs exploded in two neighborhoods in the Iraqi capital Tuesday , wounding six people . Also , two mortar rounds landed in the Mansour district in western Baghdad , damaging a building , and two more mortar rounds struck Baghdad 's international zone Tuesday . Overall , violence in Iraq has dropped drastically over the past two years compared with the height of the sectarian war in 2006 and 2007 , but bloodshed continues . The country is at a critical period as U.S. officials continue with plans to end America 's combat mission and draw down troops to reach 50,000 by the end of August . According to the security agreement between the United States and Iraq , all American forces are scheduled to leave the country by the end of next year . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	A car bomb explodes in the Shiite city of Kut Police officials say attackers in Baghdad left behind a black flag The flag represents the Islamic State of Iraq , which has ties to al Qaeda
CNN  -- And in that very moment , we heard a loud whack ! From outside in the fields came a sickening smack Of an axe on a tree . Then we heard the tree fall . The very last Truffula Tree of them all ! A community where the last tree is cut down to make a "  Thneed " that no one needs . Where real trees have been replaced by artificial ones with disco lights . A plastic city where people pay for clean air . That 's the smoggy setting of "  Dr. Seuss ' The Lorax , " the country 's No. 1 movie for the second weekend in a row . Based on the Dr. Seuss 1971 classic , the environmentally themed movie has attracted children and adults to the theaters , earning $ 121.7 million in its first 10 days , according to Hollywood.com . The movie made $ 70 million on its first weekend in release , the biggest opening weekend for a movie this year and about double what Hollywood.com box office division president Paul Dergarabedian had estimated . Even midweek ticket sales for the film , produced by Illumination Entertainment and released by Universal Pictures , have been high . " ` The Lorax ' exceeded expectations by a mile , it was crazy , " said Dergarabedian . "  The visuals are irresistible , and it was a powerful draw for people . It 's a terrific movie at the end of the day , entertaining to parents as much as to the kids . " Mother Megan Kalweit agrees . "  We went the day that it opened , and my 3-year-old sat through the entire movie completely interested , " said Kalweit , an Arlington , Illinois , stay-at-home mom of two boys . "  We were talking about it on the way home , and for a 3-year-old , he got a lot of the concept . It had a strong message that unfortunately is something that all of us are going to need to be more aware of moving forward . " Audiences want family-friendly fare Any Dr. Seuss movie will have a built-in audience among adults who remember the books from their childhood and the children who are reading those classics now . And although every major movie studio now has an animation unit , they have n't released much this year to satisfy the demand for family-friendly fare , according to Thom Geier , senior editor at Entertainment Weekly . "  The last big family film hit was ` Alvin and the Chipmunks : Chipwrecked , ' way , way back in December , so there 's been a pent-up demand for family films as a lot of schools head into spring break , " said Geier . "  Two other factors in the Lorax 's huge opening : A really successful marketing campaign by Universal -- the voice cast was all over sister network NBC in the week before the opening -- and the fact that it 's in 3-D , which means higher ticket prices and profits for the theaters and the studio . " The movie is not without its critics . While not objecting to the movie itself , some parents claim that some of the movie 's commercial tie-ins with IHOP , Mazda and other companies ignore the Lorax 's essential green message .  The studio also has partnerships with Seventh Generation , Whole Foods and the Environmental Protection Agency , among others . "  In the movie , the corporate ` bad guy ' puts up billboards for products saying ` Lorax Approved , ' and the message was that co-opting the Lorax 's image and brand is a bad thing , " said Jennifer Taggart , a blogger and author of "  Smart Mama 's Green Guide : Simple Steps to Reduce Your Child 's Toxic Chemical Exposure . " "  To me , the compelling message of the book , and the movie , was that slick advertising can make us want things we do n't need , and producing them can result in catastrophic environmental harm , " said Taggart . "  And yet , Universal Pictures has completely ignored that message , as have the launch partners , by slickly advertising Lorax-approved products -- products that we do n't need . " "  We tried to look for partners who provided some sort of a good environmental choice for consumers , " said a Universal Pictures spokesperson , declining to comment further on the debate over the commercial tie-ins . "  We are absolutely thrilled at the response to ` The Lorax . ' " Companies want you to "  buy , buy , buy " That 's why parents like Hannah Laurison , who lives in Oakland , California , are refusing to take her children to the movie . Laurison reads the book to her daughters , 2 and 4 , to teach them about how their actions and the things they buy affect the environment . "  This kind of corporate green-washing is the antithesis of the Lorax 's message , " said Laurison . "  The Mazda ad in particular upends the Lorax 's message in order to sell cars . Instead of taking my  4-year-old  daughter to see the movie , we are having conversations about how some companies just want you to buy , buy , buy , without thinking about what that means for the trees , the animals and people . " Movie experts say tie-ins are a fact of life for many movies , and especially children 's animation flicks . Without added revenue from movie-themed toys , fast-food tie-in deals , DVDs and related books , family-friendly fare wo n't get made , says Entertainment Weekly 's Geier .  Universal did n't order up a Lorax-themed Happy Meal . The movie 's marketing efforts and its success at the box office is helping multiple Dr. Seuss books get back onto the best-seller lists , according to John Sellers , children 's reviews editor at Publishers Weekly . "  His books are perennial favorites , of course , but the film and all the marketing muscle behind it certainly have a hand in that kind of sales bump , " says Sellers . "  And while companies like Mazda have drawn fire for their ties to the Lorax film , publishers routinely publish numerous book tie-ins to capitalize on upcoming movies . Random House has published Lorax activity books , early readers and a pop-up book this spring . They are n't just banking on the original book . " Erin Moya , whose 3-year-old son has spina bifida , prefers to focus on the movie 's message that one person can make a difference -- and must try even if no one else agrees . "  It 's not only about caring for your environment , but also about speaking up for those who ca n't speak for themselves , " said Moya , who lives in Gainesville , Florida . "  Whether we 're talking about trees or children with disabilities , it 's important to me that my son knows from an early age to always try to do the right thing -- even if you 're the only one trying . " And that 's the Lorax narrator 's message to all his little readers . UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot , nothing is going to get better . It 's not . What do you think of the Lorax 's message ? Do you have other favorite Dr. Seuss books that you 'd like made into films ? Let us know in the comments below !	Families are flocking to see the latest Dr. Seuss movie Critics say the Lorax would not have approved of car or pancake deals The movie has helped sell more Dr. Seuss books One person can make a difference , even if acting alone
CNN  -- When Tahani Hamdan booked her trip to the Middle East , the 25-year-old was excited to celebrate the holy month of Ramadan with her family for the first time . Born and raised in Houston , Hamdan normally feels safe making the trip to the Middle East . But the recent violence has made the Palestinian-American fearful for her safety , even though she 's visited several times . "  I feel like I 'm putting my life in jeopardy by going , " she said . Hamdan left Houston on July 19 , and after two days of flight delays , she arrived in Jordan and drove into the West Bank , where she 's staying . She said she wishes she could have postponed her trip , but she does n't know when she 'll see her family again . "  I have multiple sclerosis as well as rheumatoid arthritis , so I do n't know if I 'll be physically able to visit again if I do n't go this summer , " Hamdan said . The violent conflict between Israel and Palestinian militants has intensified this month after the June killings of three Israeli teenagers and a Palestinian teen . The conflict has made for tense and scary times for Israelis and Palestinians , with rocket attacks and airstrikes occurring daily . On July 16 , an Israeli strike killed four children playing on a Gaza beach . After a temporary cease-fire , the situation escalated further the next night when a ground operation started with Israeli tanks entering Gaza . Over the weekend , the fighting continued to intensify , with the increasing death toll of Palestinian militants , Israeli soldiers and civilians from both sides . Some travelers are questioning their safety and reevaluating their scheduled trips , but others remain committed to going . Israel warns it may further expand Gaza operation Jennifer Tapiero has waited her whole life to visit Israel , and the 25-year-old talk radio host finally was about to embark on July 13 . Her plans changed that day , when family members in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem called and told Tapiero and her sister not to come . With increasing rocket strikes , they did n't believe the women would be safe there , even though they were traveling with an experienced tour group . "  We canceled right before the plane was supposed to take off , " said Tapiero , a Los Angeles resident . "  Our family was so worried for us . " While Tapiero is deeply saddened by the events of the past few days , she 's also glad she did n't go , knowing that her safety could n't be guaranteed . Delta Air Lines , American Airlines and United Airlines responded to the increased violence last week , waiving fees to reschedule certain flights to Tel Aviv . More than the 3.5 million people visited Israel in 2013 , a record , according to the country 's Central Bureau of Statistics  PDF  . Before the recent violence , the bureau reported a record 1.4 million visitors for the first half of 2014 , but the latest outbreak is expected to affect the numbers . Anywhere from 15 % to 25 % of vacationers cut their stays short because of the violence as of Tuesday , when CNN spoke with Yossi Fatael , managing director of the Israel Tourist and Travel Agents Association . Fatael said that about 25 % of travelers were canceling upcoming trips . Even if the conflict eases over the next few days , Fatael expects to see summer bookings down about 30 % . He predicts that it will take several months for the country 's travel industry to recover . With a trip scheduled for September , would-be first-time visitor Eli Arias of Los Angeles feels unsure about his travel plans . Although he was aware of the tension in the area when he booked his trip two months ago , he did n't think the violence would escalate to this point . He was planning to travel alone , and his family in the United States has expressed concern over his going . At this point , he 's undecided about the trip but knows he still wants to "  experience this beautiful country . " What makes Jerusalem so sacred ? Taglit-Birthright Israel , a group that provides free educational trips to Israel for Jewish teens , said that at the beginning of the crisis , it was seeing 5 % to 10 % daily cancellations . That percentage had increased this week , but there 's been no further increase since Thursday 's events . However , the group does n't think it will affect travelers once the conflict dies down . "  It 's only natural to expect a small drop in arrival at such times , " said Taglit-Birthright CEO Gidi Mark . On Monday , the U.S. State Department updated its February travel warning for Israel , the West Bank and Gaza , recommending that travelers postpone all nonessential travel to the Israel and the West Bank . The warning also urges citizens to avoid all travel to Gaza , saying it is "  under the control of Hamas , a foreign terrorist organization . " In the United Kingdom , the Foreign and Commonwealth Office is advising against all travel to Gaza and said it was unable to offer consular assistance to citizens heading to the region . The office also recommended avoiding nonessential travel to areas of Israel within 25 miles of the Gaza border .  That would not include Tel Aviv and Jerusalem . The Australian and Canadian governments have also issued alerts advising against travel to Gaza . The violence is n't enough to dissuade some travelers . Eboni Johnson of New Orleans has planned a pilgrimage to the Holy Land in November , and she still plans to go with a religious tour group . For Johnson , it 's not just a vacation . It 's a spiritual awakening in which she 'll experience the places she reads about every day in the Bible . "  I truly believe Israel is chosen and special to God , " Johnson said . "  I 'm not concerned about what is going on , because I trust that God would keep me from all harm . " For Larry Ritter , president of New Jersey-based Israel Tour Connection , the impact has been mixed . "  We had tour groups there when the violence broke out last week , " said Ritter , whose travel company offers religious and general tours of Israel . "  They all stayed until the end of their scheduled trip . " Travelers scheduled for tours with the company are n't feeling so secure . The company had groups scheduled to leave on Sunday , and Ritter expected about half of the 35 tour group participants to cancel . Most were likely to be families traveling with children , he said . On Monday , Ritter 's company announced that it had put together a last-minute solidarity mission to the country . He 'll be leaving Saturday , along with 40 rabbis , priests and pastors who simply want to show support for Israeli citizens . Ritter said that Thursday 's escalation of the conflict caused an influx of sign-ups . "  There 's an emotional connection between Israel and people that transcends personal safety , " Ritter said . Jerusalem 's five most contested sites Other companies are experiencing different results . Offering a range of trips for Muslims , Christians , Jewish and interfaith travelers , Virginia-based MEJDI Tours has n't had any cancellations as of Friday morning , said office manager Haley Douglass . "  Many of the phone calls and e-mails I have received are from travelers asking about the situation , hoping that their tour is not canceled , " she said . An Islamic-focused tour of Israel scheduled for late July with Ahalan Olympus Ltd. was canceled a few days after the crisis started , according to owner and general manager Kfir Schwarz . Because of the holy month of Ramadan , very few Muslim tourists are traveling anyway , he said . It 's normal for all travelers to feel some sort of anxiety during times of violence , says Peter Vlitas of Protravel International in New York . The travel agent 's job is to keep customers up to date on the situation . "  We do n't wait for them to come to us , " Vlitas said . "  We reach out to our clients and advise them of State Department and UK travel advisories , and present them with their facts and options . " Abram Murray of Lancaster , Pennsylvania , is glad he took his first trip to Israel and the West Bank in May through a tour group . Although he did n't notice any violence during his visit , and the places he visited on the West Bank were far from the current conflict zone , he 's not sure he 'd feel safe traveling to Israel now . "  With tensions and fighting escalating these days , I 'm glad that I went when I did , " Murray said . "  I 'm not sure if I 'd want to go over there right now . " ` They went to the beach to play ' : Deaths of 4 children add to growing toll in Gaza conflict CNN 's Barry Neild contributed to this report .	Violence in the Middle East has some travelers concerned Some tourists are canceling trips to Israel and surrounding areas Others are going forward with plans to see family and the Holy Land
CNN  -- What kind of politician is slashed in the face with a knife , and upon waking up in hospital the first thing they ask about is the election campaign ? Answer : Park Geun-hye , South Korea 's first female president , and a woman who has experienced her fair share of violence while working -- and growing up -- in government . Park was left with an 11 centimeter wound across her cheek after she was attacked by a man at a political rally in 2006 . Her apparently businesslike response after waking from surgery -- "  How is Daejeon ? " -- referring to the party 's campaign in that city , earned her the nickname "  Queen of Elections . " The moniker finally held true in December 2012 , when Park was elected president of a country which has n't had a female ruler in over 1000 years -- not since Queen Jinseong in the 9th century . This is a place with one of the highest levels of gender inequality in the world -- rated 111 worst out of 135 nations , by the World Economic Forum . Indeed , if you 're a working woman , South Korea is the worst developed country on the planet to live in , according to the Economist 's Glass-ceiling Index . All of which makes Park 's position particularly remarkable . But then , perhaps it 's no surprise the 62-year-old should pursue the country 's top job , given her upbringing . Her father was military hardman Park Chung-hee , president of South Korea from 1961 to his death in 1979 -- when his own intelligence chief shot him over dinner . The murder came five years after his wife , and Park Geun-hye 's mother , was also killed by an assassin who had been targeting her husband . And so at the age of 22 , Park Geun-hye was forced to take on the role of first lady , accompanying her father to official events and even welcoming U.S. President Jimmy Carter and wife Rosalynn to the country in 1979 . Almost two decades later , Park , who holds a degree electronic engineering , entered politics of her own accord , and is known for her straight-talking style . She is said to be an intensely private woman who has never married and mostly dines alone . The nation is her family , she likes to say . With North Korea on her doorstep -- a country which the U.N. recently denounced for human rights abuses "  comparable to Nazi-era atrocities " -- there is now even greater international focus on Park 's leadership . She spoke to CNN 's Leading Women about her vision for the fourth-largest economy in Asia , and the personal tragedies which forced her into the public spotlight from an early age . "  I believe the very fact that I was elected as the first female president of the Republic of Korea is testament to the dynamism of Korean society . I feel an even greater sense of responsibility as president . I also feel that we can look forward to greater opportunities that enable women to fully tap into their potential and live out their dreams , given the dynamism of our society and the way the entire world is headed . " "  This is a time when we see fathers , especially young fathers , who would be more than willing to play their part in raising children and who are so willing to help their wives . We see many young fathers who would find great reward , pleasure , and joy in raising their children . " "  I can say my greatest mentor is the citizens of this country . " "  When I was a child I longed to become a teacher and after I got into college I had hoped to be able to contribute to the industrialization of my country by being involved in for instance in research in science and technology . And that is why I subsequently chose my major in electronic engineering in college . " "  With the sudden passing of my mother , heavy responsibilities and duties of the first lady were suddenly forced upon me . It was indeed an arduous task for me but I would say that my experience during those years continue to be very helpful to me even to this date . " "  After both of my parents passed away I lived a very normal life but then came the Asian economic crisis that buffeted South Korea in the late 1990s . I was shocked to see what was transpiring in the country and I could n't just sit idly back knowing how much it took to build up this country and to see this country being engulfed in crisis and to see our people suffer so much . That 's why I decided to take up politics . " Watch : South Korea 's president talks economy See : Park Geun-Hye on North Korea Learn : South Korea 's hopes for new president	Meet Park Geun-hye , South Korea 's first female president Daughter of former president flung into spotlight after parents assassinated Elected in a country with one of the world 's highest levels of gender inequality Shares a border with aggressive North Korea
"  If you ca n't eliminate injustice , at least tell everyone about it . " The Persian proverb opens a book about the Iranian revolution by Shirin Ebadi , a human rights lawyer who became the first Muslim woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize in 2003 . But there could not be a more appropriate line to sum up Ebadi 's own life . "  I am always being faithful to this motto , " she said Friday from Minneapolis , in the midst of an eight-city speaking tour in the United States . "  And that 's why I travel all the time and talk about it . " Forced from her homeland in 2009 , after Tehran 's crackdown on post-election protesters , Ebadi has lived in Britain and America . She said she has spent too many nights alone in hotel rooms , fearing for the lives of her husband and sister who were jailed and beaten . And , for her own safety . "  The government continuously threatens to kill me , " she said . "  All of this is in order for me to stop what I am doing , and I am not going to stop . " She has taken up seemingly intractable cases in the Islamic republic 's judiciary , defending intellectuals and dissidents and fighting for the rights of abused women and children . " In my view , there is no difference between Islam and human rights , " Ebadi said when she accepted her Nobel . "  Therefore , the religious ones should also welcome this award . The prize means you can be a Muslim and at the same time have human rights . " The accolade did not sit well with Tehran 's clerics . The Islamic republic banned her autobiography , confiscated her Nobel medal and diploma , froze her bank accounts and , closed down the Human Rights Defenders Center she founded . "  If they did n't fear me , they would n't do what they did , " she said , "  because they do n't want human rights violations to be brought to the attention of the world . " Ebadi remains hopeful that change can come to her homeland -- change that will restore equality for women that vanished after the 1979 revolution . Ebadi was in her early 30s then and Iran 's first female judge . But overnight a new penal code reduced the worth of a woman 's life to half that of a man 's . In her 2006 memoir , "  Iran Awakenening , " Ebadi wrote how the new laws affected everything in her life , from her job to her marriage . She was demoted to a secretary in the same court over which she once presided and in her relationship with her husband , Javed , she wrote : "  He stayed a person and I became chattel . " Now she looks at the anti-government uprisings in other Middle Eastern nations -- Egypt , Tunisia , Libya , Syria , Yemen and Bahrain -- and ca n't help but think it is too soon to judge the change . "  It 's too early to speak about democracy , " she said . "  They are still in turmoil in these countries . At this time , I do n't see a progress in the status of women . " Ebadi fears that talk of Sharia , or Islamic law in Egypt , for instance , could hurtle women backwards in time , in the vein of Iran . "  The possibility is there , " she said . "  We are concerned about the situation going backward for women . " She remains optimistic as ever that change can come to Iran . In her lifetime ? It depends on how long she will live , joked the 64-year-old lawyer . "  Could be one week from now or 10 years . " She feels certain it will be accelerated if President Bashar al-Assad is ousted after months of bloody uprising in next-door Syria . He has been such a puppet of Iran , Ebadi said , that his demise will surely have repercussions . "  If Bashar al-Assad falls that will be the beginning of the fall the Iranian regime , " she said . The situation within Iran has deteriorated in recent months , she said . A crackdown on the opposition in the months following the 2009 presidential election was followed by a recent series of harsh international measures designed to punish Tehran for its suspected nuclear program . The United States and its allies allege Iran is enriching uranium in order to build a bomb , a claim that Iran vehemently denies . The government also claims that most Iranians are supportive of their nation 's nuclear drive and that , said Ebadi , is simply not true . For one , Iranians realize they are sitting on an earthquake fault and maintaining nuclear reactors could trigger a disaster like Fukushima in Japan . They also want to see an end to the sanctions that have made it increasingly hard for ordinary people to make ends meet . "  The situation of people is worsening , " Ebadi said . "  The sanctions have impacted their lives . Inflation has gone up , the prices have gone up . "  I do n't agree with sanctions that hurt people . I agree with sanctions that hurt the government . " Her message to Americans is clear : Never equate the people of Iran with the policies of its government . Ebadi has been separated from family in Iran since June 2009 . But there 's no trace of self-pity in her words . In the little down time she has , she likes to watch movies and read literature , though there is nothing light on her current list . She watched "  A Separation , " the Iranian movie that took Western audiences into the home of a Tehran family and won the Oscar for best foreign film this year . Ebadi said she liked that the movie portrayed a woman 's desire to leave bad conditions in Iran . And she is reading "  My Share , " the first novel by Parinush Saniei that tells the story of an Iranian woman forced to marry a man who puts revolutionary ideals over his family responsibilities . The book is , perhaps , symbolic of many Iranian women and raison d'etre for Ebadi . In the years since her Nobel , many words have appeared in the same sentence as her name : pioneering , courageous , troublemaker , stubborn , activist and dissenter . If you ask Ebadi to describe herself , she offers only this before bidding farewell . "  I am a woman . "	Shirin Ebadi was Iran 's first female judge but was stripped of her job after the revolution She warns that women may not gain from changes sweeping the Arab world She won the Nobel Peace Prize for her human rights work in the Islamic republic She says Bashar al-Assad 's ouster in Syria could accelerate change in Iran
Paris  CNN  -- The operation to recover bodies from the crash of Air France 447 , which plunged into the Atlantic Ocean two years ago , has ended with 27 more sets of human remains brought to the surface , a French official told CNN on Wednesday . That means 74 bodies will never be found . The last group of bodies was brought to the surface on Friday , Philippe Vinogradoff said Wednesday . A total of 104 bodies were recovered from the remains of the mystery crash during this year 's operation , in addition to the 50 that were found in the days after the loss of the plane . Human remains and aircraft parts are headed by ship to the Canary Islands , where they are expected to arrive Thursday , French air accident investigators said . From there , they will be transferred to Bayonne in southwest France , investigators said . All 228 people onboard were killed when the plane crashed in stormy weather en route to Paris from Brazil on June 1 , 2009 . It took four searches over the course of nearly two years to locate the bulk of the wreckage , still containing many bodies , in a mountain range deep under the ocean . Seventy-five bodies were recovered late last month , more than doubling the number of remains that have been found , the vice president of the French victims ' association told CNN . The remains have not yet been identified , Robert Soulas said . Soulas got the news from a French government liaison appointed to deal with victims ' families , he said . "  Personally , I would have preferred to leave the bodies of our loved ones on the seafloor , " he added , repeating his long-held view . Other victims ' relatives disagree . Details of the doomed plane 's last minutes began to emerge last month as French air accident investigators studied data recorders recovered from the wreck earlier this year . The Airbus A330 plummeted 38,000 feet in just three minutes and 30 seconds amid conflicting information that may have led the pilots to make bad decisions , France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis  BEA  said last month . The pilots got conflicting air speed readings in the minutes leading up to the crash , according to an interim report . The aircraft climbed to 38,000 feet when "  the stall warning was triggered and the airplane stalled , " the report says . Aviation experts are asking why the pilots responded to the stall by pulling the nose up instead of pushing it down to recover . "  You push down on the wheel to gain air speed , perhaps they  pilots  were getting information that the air speed was too high , " said Miles O'Brien , a pilot and aviation analyst . "  Pulling the nose up will exacerbate an aerodynamic stall . " The speeds displayed on the left primary flight display were "  inconsistent " with those on the integrated standby instrument system  ISIS  , the report says . The aircraft experienced some "  rolling " before stalling and then descending rapidly at 10,912 feet  3,300 meters  per minute . At the time of the descent , the two co-pilots and captain were in the aircraft cockpit . The pilots lost contact with air traffic controllers while flying across an area of the Atlantic Ocean known for constant bands of severe turbulence . Air crash investigators at the Paris-based BEA have been working on the theory that the speed sensors , known as pitot tubes or probes , malfunctioned because of ice at high altitude . CNN 's Thair Shaikh contributed to this report .	NEW : 74 bodies will never be found Human remains and airplane wreckage are en route to France by ship , investigators say The Airbus A330 plane crashed two years ago , killing all 228 people aboard It took four searches to find the wreckage
CNN  -- The former head of intelligence of Guinea Bissau was shot dead in the capital late Sunday , hours after the peaceful conclusion of the country 's presidential elections . Col. Samba Djalo was shot seven times , officials said . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack , and authorities did not have a motive , said Interior Minister Fernando Gomes . Djalo served as the country 's intelligence chief during a time when many key political figures were assassinated , including a high-ranking parliamentarian and an independent presidential candidate . He was overthrown along with then-Army Chief of Staff Jose Amora Induta in a mutiny in April 2010 . Both were jailed briefly but later released , and no charges were filed . Meanwhile , elections were held without incident Sunday in the west African nation , with nine candidates vying for the seat of the president . About 180 international observers oversaw the voting . The elections were triggered by the January death of President Malam Bacai Sanha at age 64 after a long illness . Sanha became president in September 2009 , months after the assassination of President Joao Bernardo Vieira . Guinea-Bissau 's history has been marked by military coups and attempted coups since the nation of 1.6 million gained independence from Portugal in 1974 . Those conflicts ravaged the nation 's infrastructure and economy and left it among the poorest in the world . Despite Sanha 's coming to power in what international observers deemed a fair and peaceful election , his tenure was marked by turmoil among the country 's military and political leadership . To date , no democratically-elected president has served a full , five-year term . Guinea Bissau will announce the results of Sunday 's elections in about a week .	Djalo was shot seven times , officials say Elections are held without incident The results will be announced in about a week
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal became the second man to win four successive French Open titles on Sunday after crushing world No. 1 Roger Federer in straight sets in the final in Paris . The Spaniard triumphed 6-1 6-3 6-0 to hand Federer a third straight defeat in the final at Roland Garros , with the Swiss top seed still seeking to win the only Grand Slam crown missing from his collection . And the manner of his comprehensive victory left little doubt that Federer , who has won 12 other Grand Slam titles , may struggle for many years to come in his bid to defeat his nemesis . Second seed Nadal , who did not drop a set all tournament and has never lost at the clay-court event , matched the feat of Bjorn Borg 's four successive wins from 1978-81 . He moved to a 28-0 winning record at the tournament , having won 84 of 92 sets played . Nadal broke Federer in the opening game of the match , and needed only 32 minutes to wrap up the first set . Federer fought back in the second , but still succumbed within 50 minutes , and then saw Nadal race through the third set in less than half an hour to clinch a historic victory . Federer paid for his errors , having made 13 unforced mistakes to two by Nadal by the end of the second set . By that stage Federer -- who has struggled to reach his usual imperious high standards this year following a debilitating illness -- was kicking the dirt in frustration . He conceded the match with another long shot , which encapsulated his day , and must now turn his attentions to his beloved Wimbledon next month as he seeks to put behind him the disappointments of the year 's two opening Grand Slams . It was the first time Federer had been whitewashed in a set since 1999 on grass at Queen 's in England . Nadal has now won 11 of their 17 encounters , and 10 of 11 on clay , and will be seeking to continue his rivalry with Federer on his less-favored grass surface at the British event . He was presented the French Open trophy by six-time winner Borg . "  Sorry for Roger , but to win here is incredible and especially to win this tournament four times , " Nadal said . The 26-year-old Federer had been seeking to become the sixth man to win all four major events . "  I would like to have won more than four games but Rafa has played an incredible tournament and he fully deserves to win , " Federer said . "  But I 'll be back to try again next year and I am looking forward to the rest of this year . "	Rafael Nadal becomes second man to win four successive French Open titles Second seed crushes world No. 1 Roger Federer 6-1 6-3 6-0 in Paris final Nadal has beaten Federer in three successive finals at Roland Garros Spaniard matches Bjorn Borg 's effort of successive titles from 1978-81
CNN  -- The shooting down of a Chinook helicopter in central Afghanistan with the loss of 38 lives -- most of them U.S. Navy SEALs -- highlights two crucial aspects of the conflict in Afghanistan , as U.S. forces begin to draw down and Afghan security forces start taking the lead . The first is the growing reliance on U.S. Special Operations Forces to combat the Taliban and other insurgent groups -- in operations every night across the country . The second is that many areas far beyond the Taliban 's traditional strongholds in the south remain very insecure , areas where the Taliban have exploited an instinctive wariness of a foreign force among locals -- and punished those who dare to work with them . One such place is the Tangi Valley in Wardak province , where the crash occurred in the early hours of Saturday morning . Soldiers who have served there describe it as perfect territory for insurgents , with steep mountainsides of shale and boulders overlooking orchards and thick vegetation . Improvised bombs are regularly planted along the one road that runs through the valley , next to the Logar River , and detonated from vantage points above .  NATO officials say that the IEDs ' control wires are laid across the river , making pursuit of the insurgents more difficult . Tangi is only 60 miles from Kabul , close to the main highway south . But the Taliban  though not al Qaeda or other foreign groups  have long been active in the area . In 2009 , soldiers in the U.S. Army 's 10th Mountain Division were deployed to this part of Wardak . They encountered 57 roadside bombs in the valley in just three months , dubbing the road "  IED alley " and "  Walter Reed Highway , " a reference to the Army medical center where many soldiers wounded in Afghanistan have received treatment . Firefights were an almost daily occurrence . On his blog this weekend , a former member of the 173rd Airborne Brigade recently deployed to Tangi wrote of the village where the helicopter came down . "  Juy Zarin is a village we went to frequently during our deployment and never found anything good while out there . In fact it was a wonderful place to go if we felt like getting into contact . " Back in the 1980s , the Soviet Army was never able to pacify the region , and Soviet convoys were frequently ambushed there . Earlier this year U.S. forces passed control of the military post in the valley to Afghan troops . Lt. Col. Thomas S. Rickard of the 10th Mountain Division handed over Combat Outpost Tangi to a unit of the Afghan National Army . "  As we lose U.S. personnel , we have to concentrate on the greater populations , " Rickard told the U.S. Army website at the time . But the afghan Army did not maintain a permanent presence at the outpost , according to officials of the International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  . As elsewhere , especially in eastern Afghanistan , U.S. forces are now returning to areas previously seen as too remote to focus on or too difficult to defend , where the Taliban and other insurgent groups have filled the vacuum . As they do , the risk of casualties grows -- as does the role of U.S. special forces . The use of U.S. Special Operations Forces  SOF  in Afghanistan has grown exponentially . In a talk two weeks ago at the Aspen Security Forum , the outgoing commander of the U.S. Special Operations Command , Adm. Eric T. Olson , disclosed that SOF carried out "  somewhere between 3,000 and 4,000 operations " in 2010 alone . "  This is now routine , every night ... ground forces getting on a helicopter and flying against a target , " Olson said . The template of such operations includes "  a quick reaction force on call to render assistance should things go bad , " Olson said . In Friday night 's attack , it was the quick reaction force , on its way to assist an ongoing mission by Army Rangers , that perished . Speaking of the Navy SEALs who took part in the mission that killed Osama bin Laden , Adm. Olson made their role sound almost mundane . "  For the people involved it was another mission and another target ... This is not a force that sits on the second deck of the fire station waiting for the bell to ring every 10 or 15 years . We trace our lessons back to what we did last night . " Who are the Navy SEALs ? But he also recognized the huge burden now falling on Special Operations Forces to subdue the Taliban . "  We are beginning to fray around the edges . We are asking an awful lot of our people , " he said at the Aspen conference , adding that SOF units were seeing "  a lot of separations short of divorce . " But 82 % of SOF troops who have the choice of leaving or staying in choose the latter , according to Olson . And more will be asked of them . Of the 33,000 U.S. troops due to be withdrawn from Afghanistan by the end of 2012 , none will be special forces . Special Operations Command -- drawn from all four branches of the U.S. military -- has grown to a strength of 60,000 . With a $ 10 billion budget it is now larger than the U.S. Coast Guard and about the same size as the entire Canadian Defense Force . And the caliber of its members reflects its special status . Thirty percent are college graduates . They are more experienced than regular soldiers , with an average age of 30 , and they volunteer multiple times . Olson says 60 % of SOF have joined since September 11 , 2001 -- and the aim is to keep them in the military for an average of 20 years . SOF operations in Afghanistan have at times been controversial , the subject of criticism from President Hamid Karzai because of civilian casualties . In 2010 , then-ISAF Commander Gen. Stanley McChrystal tightened rules of engagement after a series of raids involved civilian deaths , although some units remained exempt from the directive . When he took over , Gen. David Petraeus expanded the use of SOF in an effort to drive the Taliban out of Helmand and Kandahar provinces and blunt the Haqqani network further east . In testimony to Congress in March , Petraeus said : "  We have stepped up the tempo of precise , intelligence-driven operations to capture or kill insurgent leaders ... In a typical 90-day period , precision operations by U.S. special-mission units and their Afghan partners alone kill or capture some 360 targeted insurgent leaders . " It appears the Army Rangers were involved in just such a mission in Tangi Valley -- closing in on Taliban commanders meeting in a village -- when they called for reinforcement . Special Operations Forces remain the sharp end of a multi-pronged approach in Afghanistan . Olson said the strategy marries "  the counter-terrorism line of operation and the engagement line of operation -- what 's been called village stability operations and the development of Afghan local police trying to return neighborhoods back to the neighbors . " It 's become known as "  clear , hold , build , transition " to win over what are euphemistically called "  under-governed spaces . " Such was the aim of commanders in Tangi two years ago . Lt. Col. Kimo Gallahue , battalion commander for the 2nd Battalion , 87th Infantry Regiment , told the Armed Forces Press Service in March 2009 : "  We 'll take the physical terrain from the enemy ... and we 'll take the people away , because the people are the prize in this fight . " But even with the surge last year , many areas of Afghanistan rarely see an ISAF soldier . And officers acknowledge that while a platoon can show a presence , it might take a company or more to persuade villagers they are secure . "  Successful counter-insurgency is labor intensive , " said one officer . One soldier deployed to Tangi Valley wrote of his experiences on the website AssgnmentAfghanistan in January . "  Few of the villagers are openly hostile towards us , but they are always mindful of the Taliban , who move through the valley at night , " he said . "  They are in a delicate situation -- we Americans have much to offer them , but they know that we will not be in their valley forever , and they know that the  Afghan National Army  and  Afghan National Police  can not fight the insurgency alone . " Last year , the newspaper Stars and Stripes reported on a planned meeting for farmers in the district . Two officials from the ministry of agriculture in Kabul backed out at the last minute , fearing for their safety , and not a single farmer showed up , "  leaving a handful of American soldiers and a lone U.S. Department of Agriculture representative , sitting on otherwise empty benches in a stiff breeze , with folding tables full of unopened water bottles and unmade tea , " the paper reported . The phrase commonly used in Afghanistan is : "  The Americans have the watches , but the Taliban have the time . "	The use of U.S. Special Operations Forces in Afghanistan has grown Special Operations Command now has a strength of 60,000 Commander : SOF carried out "  somewhere between 3,000 and 4,000 operations " in 2010 Of the 33,000 U.S. troops to be withdrawn by the end of 2012 , none will be special forces
CNN  -- He was compared to a computer game machine by the man whose dreams of European glory he destroyed , but Lionel Messi 's coach preferred to focus on his human qualities . Messi underlined his status as the world 's best soccer player on Tuesday night with a stunning four-goal display that put his Spanish club Barcelona into the semifinals of Europe 's premier club competition , the Champions League . The 22-year-old took his goal tally for the season to a staggering 39 as he netted a hat-trick in the first half against English side Arsenal , his fourth treble this season . Blog : Is Messi better than Maradona ? The Argentina international became only the sixth player in the competition 's history to score four in a game , and the first this season . He equaled former Brazil star Rivaldo with a record 25 career goals in the tournament . He has already scored one more goal than he did last season -- in eight fewer games , with a possible 11 still to play . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left in no doubt about Messi 's seemingly superhuman abilities . "  He 's like a PlayStation , " the Frenchman told reporters . "  I think he can take advantage of every mistake you make . "  He is very young , but can achieve a lot -- I do n't know how many players in the world could score that fourth goal he scored . It looks impossible , but he makes it possible . "  Messi has something exceptional and is in his prime . This boy now has six or seven years in front of him and if nothing happens to him he can reach unbelievable levels . " Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola said that Messi 's greatest quality is his humble character . "  The good thing is about Messi is that tomorrow he will get up and look for the affection of his people and his team-mates , " Guardiola said of the young man who has overtaken David Beckham at the top of football 's rich list . "  I like the love he has for football and his anonymous character . Leo was brilliant and he was decisive tonight . It is not something you can describe because you have to see it to believe it . " Messi himself was typically understated in his summation of the match , which saw Barcelona win 4-1 for a 6-3 aggregate victory . "  We are happy to go through tonight , but we have to keep going , " he said . Barcelona will continue the defense of their European title in the semifinals against Italian champions Inter Milan , who progressed with a 1-0 win away to CSKA Moscow on Tuesday to defeat the Russians 2-0 on aggregate . The two-leg last-four clash will see Inter manager Jose Mourinho return to the club where he was part of the coaching staff in the 1990s .	Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger hails Barcelona 's four-goal hero Lionel Messi Frenchman compares Argentina forward to a computer game machine Barcelona coach says Messi 's greatest quality is his humble character Spanish champions move into semifinals of Europe 's top club competition
CNN  -- U.S. warplanes attacked a convoy near Mosul in Iraq this weekend in an attempt to kill ISIS leaders , said a spokesman for U.S. Central Command . Col. Patrick Ryder , in a statement Saturday , said he could not confirm that top ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was in the convoy . Ryder issued that information in response to news reports indicating the ISIS leader may have died or been injured . "  I can confirm that coalition aircraft did conduct a series of airstrikes yesterday evening in Iraq against what was assessed to be a gathering of ISIL leaders near Mosul , destroying a vehicle convoy consisting of 10 ISIL armed trucks , " Ryder said , using another acronym for ISIS . Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , is crucial to ISIS . Besides having material resources , such as Iraq 's largest hydroelectric dam , Mosul is the site of one of ISIS 's greatest battlefield victories In June , the Sunni Muslim extremist group overran the city , causing soldiers and police officers to drop their weapons and flee , according to numerous witnesses . ISIS announced plans to establish a caliphate , or Islamic state , in Mosul after the takeover . In another airstrike against an ISIS stronghold , at least 15 people were killed and 31 were wounded when planes hit the town of Al-Qaim , in Anbar province , on the border with Syria , a witness said Saturday . The town is 286 kilometers  178 miles  from Mosul . The strike hit a market near an ISIS checkpoint in the town , according to the resident who can not be named for safety reasons . The resident , who went to a local hospital after the strike and saw the wounded , did not know whether there were any ISIS casualties from the strike . Al-Qaim became a stronghold for ISIS , the Sunni Muslim extremist group , after militants took control in June . U.S. officials in Washington declined comment Saturday when CNN asked whether coalition or U.S. forces carried out the airstrike . Car bombs in Baghdad Elsewhere in Iraq , car bombs hit four areas of Baghdad , including a busy commercial street , killing at least 21 people , police officials said . No public claims of responsibility were immediately made . But the attacks come after years of sectarian violence in the country , including some recent Baghdad car bombings that were claimed by ISIS . One of Saturday 's bombs struck the busy al Sinaa commercial street in central Baghdad , killing at least 10 people and injuring 27 others , Baghdad police officials said . The other bombs hit predominantly Shiite Muslim neighborhoods . One exploded near an outdoor market in eastern Baghdad 's Sadr City , killing one and injuring seven others , police said . Two other bombs exploded outside a fuel station in southwestern Baghdad 's al-Amil neighborhood , killing at least seven people and injuring 22 others , according to police . And a car bomb struck near a restaurant in eastern Baghdad 's al-Ameen neighborhood , killing three people and injuring 15 others . 1,500 more troops to Iraq On Saturday , Iraq welcomed the U.S.-led coalition decision to provide more support in training and arming the Iraqi armed forces to help fight ISIS , but added "  this step is a little late . " The comment comes a day after the Obama administration announced the deployment of 1,500 more soldiers to Iraq to train Iraqi and Kurdish forces to confront ISIS . Iraq has allocated four to five training centers and U.S.-led coalition members have started sending trainers , Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi 's office said in a statement . Meanwhile , al-Abadi 's office added that the arming of Iraq tribes is done exclusively through the Iraqi government , with the supervision of its armed forces . Central Command general to ISIS : We can hear you CNN 's Arwa Damon and Salma Abdelaziz.and journalist Odai Sadik contributed to this report .	U.S. tried to kill ISIS leaders with airstrike on convoy near Mosul , official says Official ca n't confirm top Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was in convoy Airstrike kills 15 , hurts 31 in Al-Qaim , an ISIS stronghold in Iraq , resident says Iraq welcomes news that U.S. will send another 1,500 troops
CNN  Buddy Elias spent much of his life preserving the memory of his cousin Anne Frank . His death Monday brought back memories for me . We met three years ago in an Atlanta hotel conference room . He and his wife , Gerti , were touring the United States to promote a new book . I could tell instantly that he was related to Anne . His face resembled hers so much that it felt almost as though I was meeting her in person . "  Anne Frank 's Family " had just been published , based on 14 boxes of letters , postcards , photos and documents that Gerti accidentally discovered in the attic of their house in Basel . Elias told me that it was n't just Anne who loved to write ; everyone in the family did . The 6,000 recovered documents told a story of a family torn apart by war and anti-Semitism . That day in Atlanta , I listened to Elias tell me about loved ones he lost . He told me he was lucky that his family had remained in neutral Switzerland when World War II broke out . I thought back to our conversation Thursday when I learned the news of Elias ' death . He died peacefully at his home in Basel , Switzerland , at 90 , said an announcement posted on the website of Anne Frank Fonds , the foundation that Elias headed . Like millions of people who read "  The Diary of Anne Frank , " I was deeply influenced by her words and in awe of her family 's courage . Anne received her diary on her 13th birthday and wrote in it for the two years that her family hid from the Nazis in the secret annex of an Amsterdam apartment . I was only in seventh grade when my father bought me the book in 1975 . After the family was discovered , they were sent to Auschwitz . Later , Anne and her sister Margot were taken to Bergen-Belsen , where they both died in March 1945 . Her father , Otto Frank , was the sole survivor of the family , one of only 7,000 people who made it out alive from Auschwitz . In the course of my two hours with Elias , I learned new things about the young , Jewish girl whose journal is arguably the most famous in the world . She called him Bernd , short for Bernhard , Elias ' formal name . In his youth , Elias was an actor and a skater with Holiday on Ice . He was her first cousin and 4 years older . They adored one another . "  Bernd , maybe we can skate as a pair together someday , " Anne wrote in January 1941 from Amsterdam . "  But I know I 'll have to train very hard to be as good as you are . " In another letter , Anne outlined the steps to their skating routine and drew a picture of the blue , fur-trimmed dress she would wear when she finally skated with Elias . "  She never did get to do that , " Elias said . On his 17th birthday in 1942 , she asked him how it was going with a girl he had met . It was an ordinary letter that one keeps like any other . But it turned out to be her last to him , and he preserved it like a relic , as proof of his cousin 's affection , as something to treasure . "  That was the last sign of life I had with Anne , " Elias told me . After the war , Otto Frank searched frantically for his family and eventually learned their cruel fate . He published Anne 's diary in 1947 and helped transform it for the stage and film . He created the foundation in her name in 1963 . The first edition of the diary was in Dutch . Elias told me he had to wait several years for a German language edition before he could read it . That was when he came to truly understand his childhood playmate . By the time he read her words , he had not seen Anne in many years . In his mind , he treasured the image of a spunky girl who loved the Jack-in-the-Box puppet shows Elias staged and played hide-and-seek . "  Anne , " he said , "  was always good at hiding . " I wondered whether he caught the irony of his own words . Otto Frank kept alive his daughter 's legacy until he died in 1980 and passed on that role to Elias . He was devoted to the task until the day he died . In 2012 , he helped create the Frank Family Centre in Frankfurt , where archives of his extended family will be made accessible to the public , according to the Anne Frank foundation . Elias was my closest personal encounter with a girl who opened my eyes to the cruelty of this world . Anne Frank never gave up on humanity , despite everything she endured . It was her goodness that amazes every reader of her diary . In Elias , I saw that same goodness .	Anne Frank was extremely close to her first cousin Buddy Elias A discovery in Elias ' attic led to the a book revealing new details about Anne 's famiy Elias became the preserver of Anne 's legacy after her father , Otto Frank , died in 1980
Tachikawa , Japan  CNN  -- U.S. and Japanese authorities were investigating two small explosions Thursday outside an American air base near Tokyo , officials said . Investigators found two metal tubes and a simple timing device , which U.S. authorities described as an "  improvised launch device , " near the Yokota Air Base . "  We can confirm there was an improvised launch device outside Yokota over the evening , " according to a statement released by the base . " ... We take matters of security at our installation very seriously and we are assisting the Japanese National Police in their investigation into the matter . " No injuries were reported , and U.S. investigators combed the base for most of the night and into the early morning hours searching for possible impact points , said Capt. Ray Geoffroy , an Air Force spokesman . Residents outside the base reported hearing two small , cannon-type bangs at about 11 p.m. local time , the Tachikawa Police Department said . Daisy Gonzaga , who was staying near the base , said she heard two explosions . At first , she said she thought they were fireworks being set off as part of a Thanksgiving Day celebration inside the base . Gonzaga said when she did not see the fireworks , she thought it might be something a little more serious . CNN 's Kevin Wang contributed to this report .	Investigators found an "  improvised launch device " outside of Yokota Air Base , officials say Residents report hearing two small cannon-type bangs at about 11 p.m. local time No injuries or points of impact have been reported , authorities said
CNN  -- When the FBI called Martha Huie 's house in 2005 , she did n't think much of it . "  I answered the phone , and he identified himself and wanted to speak with Ernest Withers . I said , ` This is not Ernest Withers ! ' " Huie recalled , laughing . Last year , she learned the likely reason for the call was no laughing matter . In 2010 , The Memphis Commercial Appeal revealed that the friend she knew for almost 20 years was an FBI informant . As the pre-eminent photographer of the civil rights era , Withers had close access to leaders of the movement . To some , charges of informing represented a betrayal of the highest sort . But not to Huie . Watch the trailer for In America 's documentary about Withers , "  Pictures Do n't Lie " "  I ca n't think about why it was presented in such shock value , " Huie said . "  A lot of people talk to the FBI . If the FBI wants to talk to you , you talk to them . It 's just not a horror story , and Ernest just does n't deserve that . " Huie met Withers at a contemporary art show in Memphis in 1988 . "  We were the senior people there ! " she laughs . "  That was how Ernest and me started talking . " He was black . She was white . He grew up poor in Tennessee . She had a relatively privileged upbringing in Alabama . Withers ' wife , Dorothy , supported his fledgling photography business and eight children . Huie 's late husband , William Bradford Huie , was a celebrated author and investigative journalist who chronicled the events of the civil rights movement and broke the story when two white men confessed to the 1955 murder of Emmett Till , a black teen . Withers , too , had covered the Emmett Till case . Huie and Withers formed an immediate bond over the journalistic work , but it was their mutual appreciation of art and history that kept them talking . The photographer shared stories about his experiences during the civil rights movement and how he learned to use a camera . In one conversation , Withers told Huie how he learned to see color . "  When he was a young boy , his mother died . His stepmother was his mother . And she sewed . She made things for rich white women , and she would send him to the store to buy thread , " Huie said . "  And if he did n't come back with the exact right color , he would have to go right back . And there 's where he learned to see matching colors . " When an FBI agent called Huie a second time in 2005 , she assumed again it was a mistake , and gave the agent Withers ' number . She still does n't know why they called her house . When Withers died in 2007 , his funeral was front-page news in Memphis . Huie and Withers never spoke about his involvement with the FBI , and she is n't concerned that the information will affect his legacy . "  Ernest was not a traitor , or doing anything political or underhanded , " Huie said . "  If the FBI wanted to hand him some grocery money , then so what ? " While the civil rights photographer later became famous for his photographs , he never achieved fortune . But , according to Huie , he lived a life rich in other ways . "  He tried his best every day of his life and made a lot of mistakes and laughed at himself , " Huie reminisced . "  He was on the right side all the way , all the time . And he played it like he needed to . " CNN 's Alicia Stewart contributed to this report .	Civil rights photographer Ernest Withers was revealed in 2010 to be an FBI informant His friend , Martha Huie , says Withers was n't a traitor Withers maintained a long love of art and photography , but never became wealthy from his work
Washington  CNN  -- When President Obama threw out the first pitch at the Washington Nationals ' season opener on Monday , he kicked off not only a new baseball season but also a new round of fundraisers at Nationals Park . Though Obama was n't raising any cash himself on game day , his appearance was the backdrop for at least one ballpark fundraiser Monday , the first of what Nationals President Stan Kasten hopes will be many political events held at the stadium this season . Since Nationals Park first opened in March 2008 , Kasten has actively encouraged political operatives of all ideological stripes to hold their fundraisers and receptions at the ballpark , as opposed to more conventional venues such as restaurants or hotel ballrooms . "  I am absolutely bipartisan when it comes to business , or even multi-partisan , " said Kasten in an interview with CNN . "  We welcome all , and we 've had all come to the ballpark . Republicans , Democrats , and I 'm sure other parties as well . " Kasten helped bring major-league baseball back to Washington in 2005 after a 34-year absence . Since then , federal candidates , major political parties , and political action committees have spent at least $ 432,000 on fundraising events either at Nationals games or at their facility , according to campaign finance documents filed with the Federal Election Commission . Although campaigns did spend money on Nationals-related fundraising events when the team played at RFK Stadium , the records show that spending skyrocketed once the gates opened at Nationals Park . Campaign disbursements to the Nationals for fundraising expenses averaged $ 11,000 per year from 2005 to 2007 , but that increased by twelvefold , to about $ 131,000 , in 2008 , the year the park opened . That amount doubled to $ 264,000 in 2009 . The total dollar amount spent on all fundraisers at Nationals Park is likely to be much higher than FEC records indicate , since lax federal disclosure rules allow campaigns to pay corporations directly for use of their luxury suites at the ballpark , without having to specify how the money was spent . However , regulations do require that campaigns pay full price for all expenses , such as tickets , suite rentals and concessions . Much of the Nationals ' success in wooing the campaign crowd can be attributed to a relative lack of variety available on the Washington fundraising circuit . One Democratic fundraiser who has held two events at the ballpark told CNN that both candidates and donors enjoy the change of scenery . "  It 's different . It 's a good time to interact with people but also have fun while doing something non-politically related , " she said , speaking on the condition of anonymity . "  There is a little bit of monotony in fundraisers in D.C. There 's a formula to it , so this is a little out of the ordinary . " Kasten could not agree more . "  The key to fundraisers is to get people to come , " he said . "  We have the added element of holding an event at our ballpark and having a fun evening going on alongside the fundraiser with lots of other things to do . " "  It 's just so much more appealing to potential contributors than just coming to some hotel ballroom , " he added . The ballpark hosted over 40 fundraisers in 2009 , and Kasten expects that number to increase this year with the midterm elections looming . The team advertises its facilities to individual campaign committees , congressional offices , and to national party organizations , including both the Democratic and Republican National Committees . Special outreach is made to the members and candidates representing whichever visiting team happens to be in town . Although holding fundraisers at baseball games is not new , the Nationals have capitalized on being uniquely positioned in a city with a year-round political industry unrivaled by other baseball towns . Records show that several teams with national fan bases have not received nearly as much in campaign expenditures as the $ 432,000 the Nationals have garnered so far . Since 2003 , the Boston Red Sox have received about $ 207,000 , the New York Yankees have received about $ 157,000 , and the Chicago Cubs have brought in just over $ 36,000 . The Baltimore Orioles , which had been Washington 's venue of choice for baseball-themed political fundraisers prior to the arrival of the Nationals , received $ 134,000 during the same time period . But not everyone is sold on Nationals Park as a fundraising venue , at least as long as the team continues to perform poorly on the field . "  The allure of doing events at their games has worn off , since the home team is n't good . We usually struggle to sell tickets for Nationals games , " said one Republican fundraiser , who asked not to be identified . "  We generally advise our clients to have other types of fundraising events that are cheaper and more successful . -LSB- Washington Capitals hockey -RSB- games sell very well right now . " On that point , Kasten , who has also headed up professional hockey and basketball franchises , says that baseball is the most conducive sport for political fundraisers . "  The pace is a little slower , " he said . "  It gives people more of a chance to sit and think and talk typically than there is at a basketball or hockey game . " Despite his efforts to lure partisan fundraisers to his ballpark , the Nationals ' top executive sees baseball as an inherently nonpartisan activity . According to Kasten , "  A ballpark is a controversy-free zone , a politics-free zone , where everyone can unify behind the idea of just having fun . "	Nationals President Stan Kasten encourages political operatives to hold fundraisers at ballpark Spending on fundraisers skyrocketed once gates opened at Nationals Park in 2008 Ballpark is much more appealing "  than just coming to some hotel ballroom , " Kasten said One Republican says ballpark is n't a good fundraising spot because team is n't playing well
CNN  -- Live ammunition fired by Yemeni security forces left 11 protesters dead in Sanaa and Taiz on Wednesday , witnesses said , as a human rights group called for an end to the use of deadly force by government troops . Doctors and eyewitnesses in the cities told CNN that another 169 people had been injured , some critically . "  Shots are heard everywhere in Sanaa , " a witness told CNN . Journalists and medical sources said eight people were killed in the capital when Republican guards began shooting directly at demonstrators in the eastern and northern parts of Change Square . At least 65 people were injured , the sources said , 12 critically . They added that more than 100 additional people suffered injuries from rocks or batons . "  Security forces are aiming for a massacre in Sanaa , " said Abdul Wahab Anesi , a medical staff spokesman at a field hospital set up in Change Square . Before Republican Guards began firing at protesters in the square , they reportedly clashed with military personnel who had been protecting demonstrators gathered there . Journalists , medical sources and other witnesses told CNN that these soldiers defected two months ago along with Maj. Gen. Ali Mohsen Al-Ahmar , who withdrew his support from President Ali Abdullah Saleh in late March . At the time , he promised to protect civilians demonstrating against the president . In addition to the casualties in the capital , three people were killed and four were reported critically injured in Taiz . "  The attack took place while we were chanting , ` One more week left for you , Saleh , ' " said Sabir Ali , a protester in Taiz . The protesters were giving Saleh a week to step down , saying if he does not , they will make good on a vow to march to the presidential palace . Earlier , a senior security official denied that forces fired on protesters in Taiz . "  Security forces were preventing attacks on civilians led by gangs of the opposition , " the official said . "  Security forces did not shoot at protesters . Gangs of the JMP were the shooters . " The JMP stands for the joint meeting parties , a coalition of opposition parties . "  Security forces kill people , then deny the incident , " said Ahmad Bahri , head of the political office at the opposition Haq party . "  This is why the Yemeni revolution is taking place . " He said the protesters were unarmed and were marching peacefully when they were shot . Those who died were shot in the head , Bahri said . Civil disobedience was also seen in the cities of Abyan , Aden , Ibb , Hodeida and Amran , according to reports . Amnesty International , in a release Wednesday , again called on Yemen 's government to stop the use of deadly force against anti-government protesters . "  Security forces in Yemen must be immediately stopped from using live ammunition on unarmed protesters , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa . "  The Yemeni government must allow its people to express their genuine grievances without fear of violence and killing . It must also ensure that justice is done for all those killed unlawfully while exercising their right to peaceful protest . " The high representative of the European Union for foreign affairs and security policy , Catherine Ashton , echoed that call in a statement released Wednesday . "  I am following with the utmost concern the developments in Yemen , " Ashton said . "  I condemn in the strongest terms the ongoing violence and repression against protesters in Sanaa , Taiz and other cities . I call on the government and security forces to end the use of violence immediately . " Ashton urged Yemeni groups to sign a political transition agreement worked out by the Gulf Cooperation Council , and to implement it without delay . The agreement stipulates that Saleh transfer power and leave office within 30 days of signing the deal . It also provides immunity for him and those who served in his regime and calls for a unity government to be formed within seven days . Protesters calling themselves Revolution Youth had called for a civil disobedience day on Wednesday . More than 95 % of the shops in Taiz were closed , according to witnesses . On Monday , medical officials said at least six people were killed and hundreds were wounded when teachers , accompanied by opponents of Saleh 's government , demonstrated against salary cuts . Witnesses said security forces fired on the protesters after dispersing marchers with batons and tear gas . CNN can not independently verify the witnesses ' accounts . Saleh 's impoverished and unstable nation has been wracked by anti-government protests and clashes between demonstrators and security forces for many weeks .	Live ammunition is used against protesters in Sanaa and Taiz , witnesses say At least 169 people are injured by gunfire , rocks or batons in both cities , they say The Republican Guard fought military personnel who were protecting demonstrators The protesters were unarmed , according to an opposition party official
CNN  -- Maybe it was Beyonce , or maybe it was the Beatles .  Actually , it was probably both .  The Grammy Awards attracted 28.5 million viewers to CBS on Sunday night , which is essentially a modern-day record for the annual music awards show . CBS described it in a press release as "  the second largest audience for the awards broadcast since 1993 . " Awards shows in general have been on a ratings upswing in recent years . One oft-cited reason is that , since they 're big live events , they stand out in an increasingly on-demand television world . Sunday 's telecast would have been the biggest since 1993 , period , were it not for the tragic circumstances of the 2012 Grammys . That year , Whitney Houston died less than 24 hours before the awards telecast , causing a dramatic surge in viewership the next day .  The average viewership was about 40 million . The Grammys are typically the second most popular awards show of the year behind the Academy Awards . This year 's average viewership was just a smidge higher than last year 's average of 28.4 million .  CBS pointed out that a more apples-to-apples comparison was between this year and 2010 , the last time the Grammys were scheduled in January instead of February to avoid the Winter Olympics . In 2010 , 25.9 million viewers tuned in . For CBS , the ratings increase this year may justify the network 's controversial decision to tape-delay the Grammys in western parts of the United States . Most awards shows are broadcast live coast-to-coast , something that matters more than ever nowadays because millions of people like to converse about the shows on the Internet while they 're watching . But CBS continues to delay the Grammys until prime time begins out West , when it says more people are at home and able to watch . CBS ' news release on Monday cited data from Nielsen 's SocialGuide service that labeled the Grammys "  the biggest social television event of the 2013-2014 TV season to date , with Twitter recording more than 15.2 million tweets during the Eastern and Central time zone broadcast alone . " The network did not say how many tweets there were during the Mountain and Pacific time zone broadcast . With regard to the West Coast tape-delay , Chris Ender , a CBS spokesman , pointed out that the Grammys is a performance-driven show , and that the social media chatter during the East Coast broadcast "  often drives more awareness and interest to viewers elsewhere . " "  We 're continuing to do what works , delivering a broadcast that can be watched by the most amount of viewers , " Ender said .	CBS described it as "  second largest audience for the awards broadcast since 1993 " Grammys typically the second most popular awards show behind the Academy Awards Network said there were 15 million tweets during Eastern and Central broadcast
CNN  -- The next Winter Olympics in Russia will feature six new events , meaning that more women will be able to compete at Sochi in 2014 . The men 's and women 's ski half-pipe , women 's ski jumping , biathlon mixed relay , team figure skating and luge team relay will be added , the International Olympic Committee announced on Wednesday . Another decision will soon be made about whether to add five other competitions : men 's and women 's ski slopestyle and snowboard slopestyle , plus Alpine team parallel . The IOC said it had looked at ways of increasing universality , gender equity and youth appeal and overall value to the four-yearly Games . "  The inclusion of these events on the Olympic Winter Games program is sure to be appreciated by athletes and sports fans alike , " IOC president Jacques Rogge said . "  These are exciting , entertaining events that perfectly complement the existing events on the sports program , bring added appeal and increase the number of women participating at the Games . " Meanwhile , the IOC is preparing rules aimed at preventing a repeat of the Caster Semenya gender controversy . The South African runner 's 800-meters victory as an 18-year-old at the 2009 World Athletics Championships in Berlin sparked a furore that saw her miss a year of competition while tests were undertaken to determine her true sex . Semenya has since been allowed to return to running as a woman by the International Association of Athletics Federations , but the IOC is hoping to avoid such embarrassment at the 2012 London Olympics . The IOC 's executive board is meeting in the British capital this week and has agreed on the rules in principle , the UK Press Association reported on Tuesday . "  My opinion is that there will not be many such cases , " IOC medical commission chairman Professor Arne Ljungqvist told PA. . "  My experience in the last several years is that there has been a handful of cases over the last 10 years . I feel to start with it would be advisable for sport to have a panel of experts who can gain more experience of these cases so that they can be dealt with in a consistent way . "  I would probably personally recommend the identification of a number of experts to gain the necessary expertise in the near future . "	The IOC announces that six events will be added to 2014 Winter Olympics More women athletes will have the chance to compete at Sochi in Russia IOC is drawing up rules to prevent repeat of Caster Semenya gender controversy Its executive board is meeting in London and hopes to have rules in place for 2012
CNN  -- The America 's Cup is the oldest sporting trophy in the world , first held in 1851 , forty-five years before the incarnation of the modern Olympic Games . The "  Auld Mug " as it is known in the sport of sailing has attracted some of the world 's most powerful men to create teams and invest millions to try and get their hands on the trophy . This month on MainSail , Shirley Robertson takes the viewer inside the world of the America 's Cup , looking back to when it all started and meeting some of the major names associated with the Cup . This includes the two most successful skippers ever to compete , America 's Dennis Connor and New Zealand 's Russell Coutts . She also has an exclusive one to one with U.S. billionaire Larry Ellison , the man in charge of the American team , BMW Oracle Racing , who is plotting and planning how to bring the Cup back to the U.S. , the nation that won every edition of the Cup from 1851 to 1983 . The next America 's Cup final is scheduled to be held in 2010 , with Ellison and his team taking on the Defenders of the Cup , European team Alinghi . But this Cup has been a battle in the New York courts and all teams who want to compete have been locked out of the game until the head-to-head between the U.S. and Europe has been settled -- a compelling story even before the first match between the two teams has been held . When the first match takes place , it will be in the two fastest , most extreme boats ever to have competed in the America 's Cup . Having already sailed the European Alinghi entry , Shirley Robertson becomes the first person in the world to have sailed both boats , as she joins the BMW Oracle Racing team in San Diego on board their spectacular multihull , and heads out for a Pacific Ocean training session .	This month , the America 's Cup -- the oldest sporting trophy in the world Interviews with America 's Dennis Connor and New Zealand 's Russell Coutts An exclusive one-to-one with U.S. billionaire Larry Ellison of BMW Oracle Racing Presenter Shirley Robertson sails on BMW Oracle Racing team 's multihull yacht
CNN  -- A South African man was sentenced Wednesday to life in prison for the killing of white supremacist leader Eugene Terreblanche , a lawyer in the case said . Chris Mahlangu was convicted on four counts including murder , for which he got life , lawyer Zola Majavu said . Terreblanche , the leader of the neo-Nazi Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging  Afrikaner Resistance Movement , or AWB  , was killed in April 2010 following an apparent dispute over wages with workers on his farm . Terreblanche , 69 , was bludgeoned with clubs and stabbed with a machete during the attack at his farm near Ventersdorp in South Africa 's North West province , police said . The trial began in October . Police charged Mahlangu and a 16-year-old in the death . It was not immediately clear what sentence the minor got . The AWB is best known for trying to block South Africa 's effort to end apartheid . The group used terrorist tactics in a bid to stall the country 's first all-race vote in 1994 , killing more than 20 people in a wave of bombings on the eve of the elections . Terreblanche was convicted of a 1996 attempted murder of a black man who worked as a security guard on his farm . He served about two-thirds of a five-year sentence . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	White supremacist Eugene Terreblanche was bludgeoned and stabbed at his farm A man is convicted on four counts including murder Terreblanche was convicted of a 1996 attempted murder His neo-Nazi AWB tried to block the end of apartheid
It is safe to assume that the world reacting to news of Boko Haram 's latest abductions will be a somewhat disillusioned one . Such weariness is understandable , considering what has happened in the eight months since the abductions that first brought Boko Haram into the global spotlight . First it took almost three weeks for the Nigerian President to address the country on the incident . In September , " #BringBackGoodluck2015 " banners appeared on the streets of the Nigerian capital , Abuja , ostensibly the work of supporters of the President , who had somehow assumed it would be a great idea to make political capital out of the #BringBackOurGirls campaign . It took a backlash to make the President 's spokesman put out a disclaimer . And this week , just before the news of the latest kidnappings broke , a military court in Abuja convicted 54 Nigerian soldiers on charges of mutiny , and cowardice in the face of Boko Haram , and sentenced them to death : a symbolic victory for Boko Haram if ever there was one . The icing on the cake was the news , in October , of a ceasefire with Boko Haram . Military units obeyed the prompting of their commanders . Boko Haram did n't . By the time it dawned on the world that the ceasefire was a ruse , Boko Haram had launched a devastatingly successful offensive , capturing several towns in Adamawa State , including the hometown of Nigeria 's most senior military officer , Chief of Defense Staff Alex Badeh , a man given to inopportunely boasting , of the impending end of Boko Haram . Today , eight months after the abductions , none of the girls has been rescued . The handful of girls who escaped did so on their own , not because a band of special-forces soldiers set them free . And lest we forget , this week 's incident is not the first since April ; Boko Haram has never once let up on its attacks on civilian targets . Perhaps the most important lesson from the last eight months is this : that outrage , no matter how focused it is , or how much it trends on social media , is not what stops terrorists . Especially not groups like Boko Haram and ISIS , so steeped in brutality that even al Qaeda has been compelled to disavow them . The outrage has its uses , no doubt . It can help jolt government out of its nonchalance , in the face of several distractions  like the general elections forthcoming in February , in which President Jonathan will be seeking a second and final term  , and force it to pay attention to matters like equipping the military . At the beginning of December , Nigerian journalist Aliyu Tilde toured towns recently liberated from Boko Haram by Nigerian troops , and reported an upswing in morale on the part of the Nigerian military . Outrage can also turn ordinary citizens into crusaders against poor governance , and make them more likely to exercise their voting rights in the quest for something more inspiring . But only a demonstration of superior military force will make a lasting difference , and ensure that Boko Haram is reduced to a position in which it can no longer routinely carry out these kinds of attacks . Negotiations will be meaningless ; Boko Haram under Abubakar Shekau has repeatedly insisted it will not negotiate with the government . That superior force will be the result of a combination of factors . Improved intelligence gathering is one . One defining characteristic of the Nigerian military 's moves has been its largely defensive nature . It has tended to stay one step behind Boko Haram ; occupied mainly with fighting to capture towns seized by Boko Haram , instead of preventing Boko Haram from seizing the towns in the first place , or abducting civilians . "  If you do n't have good information you have nothing , " says Mohamed Kashkoush , a retired Egyptian Major General , now on the faculty of the Regional Center for Strategic Studies , in Cairo . "  Good information makes you act in advance , not react . " Training is another matter . The relatively higher rates of success Cameroon appears to be enjoying in its confrontations with Boko Haram may in part be due to the training its forces have received from abroad . It is not clear if any of the several offers of support that Nigeria received following the April abductions translated into action . Now would be a good time to revisit them . The United States government can also play a role in re-engaging with Nigeria , regarding the sale of game-changing military hardware . In recent months the Nigerian government has expressed its frustration with the attitude of the Americans , who are wont to insist that they can not supply arms to countries that violate human rights .  Puzzling when one considers the sort of regimes the U.S. routinely considers military allies  . Human rights groups say the Nigerian military is a serial offender ; the military continues to deny this . While we wait for progress on these fronts , one thing is already clear . If the immediate reaction of the Nigerian government to this latest incident is anything to go by , no lessons have been learned from April . Several hours after the news broke , no word emerged ; from the President or his office , or from the Defense Headquarters . This is probably going to be like April all over again .	Boko Haram 's latest abductions may meet a weary global reaction , Tolu Ogunlesi says Eight months since the Chibok abductions he argues that little has changed The outrage that sparked #BringBackOurGirls will not defeat Boko Haram he says What is needed is superior military strength and training , Ogunlesi writes
A Florida judge on Tuesday set bail for George Zimmerman at $ 9,000 and ordered a number of conditions for his freedom -- including that he not possess weapons -- while he awaits trial on charges he pointed a shotgun at his girlfriend . He was released from the John E. Polk Correctional Facility on Tuesday afternoon . He did n't speak with the media . It was unclear where he was headed . Zimmerman was arrested Monday at his girlfriend 's Apopka home , four months after he was acquitted of murdering teenager Trayvon Martin . Earlier , Zimmerman said little as a judge , during Zimmerman 's first appearance Tuesday afternoon in Seminole County court , said he found probable cause for Zimmerman 's arrest on a felony charge of aggravated assault and misdemeanor counts of domestic violence battery and criminal mischief . Zimmerman 's arraignment has been scheduled for January 7 . A prosecutor revealed a new allegation against Zimmerman while trying to argue for a higher bail -- that Zimmerman tried to choke his girlfriend a week and a half before Monday 's alleged shotgun incident , and that Zimmerman had talked about suicide . Assistant State Attorney Lymary Munoz argued for $ 50,000 bail , saying that new information should heighten concern for the accuser 's safety , though the alleged incident had n't been reported to police . The new allegation is not reflected in the preliminary charges . But Judge Fred Schott cited the choking accusation when he put the bail at $ 9,000 , saying it prompted him to set it higher than the $ 4,900 requested by the defense . Jeff Dowdy and Daniel Megaro , the public defenders representing Zimmerman , told reporters afterward that they had n't known of the choking allegation previously . "  That was news to us , " Dowdy said . " ... That was not contained in the arrest report , and that 's the first we 've heard about it . " Schott put conditions on Zimmerman 's bail : That he can not go to two Florida addresses ; he can not have contact with the accuser , Samantha Scheibe ; he can not possess weapons ; he must wear a monitoring device ; and he can not travel outside Florida . The judge initially said Zimmerman could return to one of the banned addresses with law enforcement to retrieve his belongings , but later -- at Munoz 's urging -- revsersed that allowance , saying a third party could get the belongings instead . Megaro told reporters he was confident Zimmerman would be acquitted . "  He 's maintained his innocence , I 'll tell you that , " Dowdy said Megaro was asked about Scheibe 's alleged claims that Zimmerman talked about suicide . "  He 's back in jail . Obviously that causes a certain amount of anxiety and stress on somebody . I would not characterize him as what the state attorney has said , meaning he 's suicidal and volatile . We did not get that impression from him , " Megaro said . Zimmerman 's public defenders said Tuesday they were appointed to the case because Zimmerman said he could n't afford an attorney . He is unemployed , according to a police report , and has about $ 150 to his name with debts of $ 2.5 million , according to his request for a public defender . Frank Taaffe told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " that he paid the bond for his friend . Zimmerman claims dispute arose over alleged pregnancy Zimmerman was arrested Monday afternoon at Scheibe 's Apopka home after she called 911 , said Dennis Lemma , chief deputy with the Seminole County Sheriff 's Office . Zimmerman told police the argument erupted after he tried to leave because Scheibe was pregnant and wanted to raise their child by herself , though police say Scheibe disputed the account . "  She told me it was better if we co-parented and she raised the child on her own , " Zimmerman said to a 911 dispatcher in a separate call . "  I said , ` Are you sure this is what you want to do ? ' She said , ` Yes . ' " Zimmerman continued , "  As soon as I started packing up my stuff to leave , she just completely changed . " Asked to elaborate , Zimmerman said he wanted to leave amicably , but Scheibe "  just started smashing stuff , taking stuff that belonged to me and throwing it outside , throwing it out of her room , throwing it all over the place . "  I guess she thought I was going to argue with her , but she 's pregnant . I 'm not going to put her through that type of stress . " In a question-and-answer session after Monday 's news conference , Lemma told reporters , "  At this time , the victim has disclosed to us that she is not pregnant . " Differing 911 calls According to a police report about the incident , Scheibe said that after an argument , Zimmerman broke a table with a shotgun and then pointed it at her "  for a minute . " Scheibe called 911 at 12:30 p.m. ET , Lemma said . On a 911 call recording released by police , a woman can be heard telling authorities : "  He 's inside my house breaking all my  things  because I asked him to leave . " The woman then says to someone at the house , "  I 'm doing this again ? You just broke my glass table . You just broke my sunglasses and you put your gun in my freaking face and told me to get the  expletive  out . " A man is heard telling her to calm down , but then she tells the dispatcher that the man just pushed her out of the house and locked the door . In his 911 call , Zimmerman says that his girlfriend was , "  for lack of a better term , going crazy on me " and throwing his things out . He says the woman is outside with police . Asked why he is calling , Zimmerman says , "  I just want everyone to know the truth . " He says he never pulled a firearm and that it is in a bag , locked . He says she was the one who broke the table . When deputies arrived at the house , Scheibe gave them a key . When they pushed open the door -- which was blocked by several small pieces of furniture -- they found Zimmerman , who was sitting and unarmed , Lemma said . He was passive and cooperative , Lemma said . The sheriff 's office was seeking a search warrant to look for two guns deputies believed were inside the home , he said . According to the police report , Zimmerman had locked up the guns before police arrived . Zimmerman 's wife has doubts about his innocence Scheibe ` in a safe place , ' mother says Scheibe 's mother , Hope Scheibe , said on Monday , "  My daughter is doing good , and she 's in a safe place . " Scheibe and Zimmerman have been friends for 11 years , and Zimmerman has been living with her for the past several months , her mother said . Zimmerman 's estranged wife , Shellie Zimmerman , filed for divorce on September 5 and the papers were served Monday night while he was in jail . Shellie Zimmerman 's attorney , Kelly Sims , said it was the first opportunity to give him the documents . Days after the filing , Shellie Zimmerman called 911 and alleged that her husband had threatened her -- one of several brushes that George Zimmerman has had with law enforcement since he was acquitted in July of murder and manslaughter in the 2012 shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin . Recent contact with authorities Police detained George Zimmerman on September 9 after his estranged wife told a 911 dispatcher that he had threatened her and her father at her father 's house in Lake Mary , Florida . But earlier this month , Lake Mary police said no charges would be filed , saying there was insufficient evidence to prosecute the case . In late September , Shellie Zimmerman told NBC 's Matt Lauer on the "  Today " show that she had doubts about her husband 's innocence in the Martin case . Zimmerman also has been stopped for speeding twice since his July acquittal . He was pulled over the first time in Forney , Texas , in July and told the police officer he had a concealed weapon permit and a gun in his glove compartment . The officer wrote on his incident report that he gave Zimmerman a verbal warning . Zimmerman was pulled over in early September going 60 mph in a 45-mph zone in Lake Mary and received a $ 256 ticket . He was not carrying a weapon at the time . National headlines Zimmerman fatally shot Martin in the Sanford neighborhood where Zimmerman and Martin 's father lived in February 2012 . Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , had a confrontation with the unarmed African-American teen after calling police to report a suspicious person , and he said he shot Martin , 17 , in self-defense . Zimmerman was acquitted by a six-person jury in July on second-degree murder and manslaughter charges . The high-profile case sparked a heated nationwide discussion of race as well as debate over Florida 's "  stand your ground " law . On Tuesday , the Martin family released a statement through attorney Benjamin Crump . "  We , like many others , are watching these latest proceedings against a man who killed our son with a keen interest , however , we 're more focused on the Trayvon Martin Foundation and defining his legacy , " the statement read . In an interview with The Washington Post , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said the Department of Justice will announce a decision "  relatively soon " on whether Zimmerman should face civil rights charges .	A friend of George Zimmerman tells HLN 's Nancy Grace that he paid the bail Prosecution alleges Zimmerman tried to choke girlfriend days before arrest Judge cites new allegation in bail decision ; sets conditions including weapons ban Zimmerman is $ 2.5 million in debt , according to application for public defender
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian pro-government Basij militia members dispersed crowds of protesters here Thursday -- sometimes with force -- witnesses said . Protests by Iranians , such as this one on June 15 , have been defended by the reformist figures . An estimated 2,000 to 3,000 people crowded the streets in different locations of the city , and headed toward Tehran University , the site of a student uprising in 1999 . Several protesters were hit on the arms and backs by the Basij , pro-government militia members , while elsewhere riot police released tear gas into crowds . Iran 's state-funded Press TV described the crowd size near the university in the hundreds . Some of the protesters shouted "  Allah u Akbar , " or "  God is Great " and "  Ya Hussein , Mir Hussein " referring to opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , the witnesses said . Police blocked roads leading to Tehran University , while some protesters set trash cans afire so smoke would counter the effects of the tear gas . When crowds tried to gather between 4 p.m. and 5 p.m. in Revolution Square , hundreds of security forces were waiting for them , witnesses told CNN . Watch scenes of protesters and street clashes " Most of the security forces were uniformed officers wearing helmets and holding batons and shields , though many wore plain clothes . The forces ordered bystanders to move along , the witnesses said . There were at least five reports of clashes during this time . Over the next two hours , the crowds grew to around 3,000 , but witnesses said security forces grew too . Many of the protesters left Revolution Square and marched to side streets and neighborhoods a few kilometers away . Many held up victory signs and clapped . The contents of several Dumpsters were set afire . See the protests and violence through Iranians ' own photos Witnesses said they heard several pops that sounded like gunshots and saw security forces fire what appeared to be pepper spray towards the crowds on several occasions . Some of the chants heard Thursday were familiar refrains that have been repeated often in recent days : "  Death to the Dictator ! " "  Death to Khamenei ! " But a new phrase entered the lexicon on Thursday that referred to Mojtaba , the son of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamanei : "  Mojtaba bemire , rahbariroh nagiri , " they chanted : "  Die , Mojtaba , so you do n't become the supreme leader ! " During the past week , rumors have surfaced that Mojtaba has taken over the pro-government Basij militia and that his father is grooming him to be the next supreme leader . Thursday marked the first time protesters chanted against him . By nightfall , most of the demonstrators headed home . At 10 p.m. Tehran time two sources told CNN the chants of "  God is great ! " were louder than usual in their neighborhoods . The demonstration took place on the 10th anniversary of a student uprising that posed a major threat to the Islamic regime . On Thursday , the protesters used the anniversary to resume demonstrations against the outcome of the contested June 12 presidential election . Iranian-American journalist Jason Rezaian said Iranians have been scared since last month 's bloody crackdown on those who protested the accuracy of election results . Incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the winner by a landslide over reformist candidate Moussavi , his chief rival , who declared the election rigged . Moussavi 's supporters took to the streets by the thousands in the aftermath of the vote until the protests turned bloody as security forces cracked down . Iranian state-run media said 20 people have been killed and more than 1,000 have been detained . On July 9 , 1999 , known in the Iranian calendar as the 18th of Tir , 200 students protested the closing of a reformist newspaper , Salaam , which supported moderate President Mohammed Khatami . Hard-line activists entered dormitories in Tehran University , broke windows , set fires and attacked students . Six days of protests ensued . According to Human Rights Watch , more than 25,000 people participated , making the demonstrations the biggest threat to the Islamic regime since its inception in 1979 . CNN 's CNN 's Reza Sayah and Moni Basu in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	July 9 marks 10th anniversary of turning point in Iranian reformist movement Massive protests rocked Iran in the days following the June 12 election Supporters of opposition candidates questioned the legitimacy of the vote IRNA : Police chief urges citizens of Tehran to consider leaving
What would you do if you went to the library in search of "  The Adventures of Captain Underpants " for your child , or to re-read Toni Morrison 's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel "  Beloved " only to find that the book had been pulled from the shelves because another patron objected to its content ? It happens in the United States more often than many realize . At least 464 formal complaints were filed in 2012 seeking to remove books from libraries or schools , according to the American Library Association , a sponsor of Banned Books Week , which runs September 22-28 . Its mission is to celebrate the freedom to read and highlight the pitfalls of censorship . Modern children 's books help families explore diversity The annual event started in 1982 , the same year the Supreme Court ruled that students ' First Amendment rights were violated when Kurt Vonnegut 's "  Slaughterhouse-Five " and eight other books were removed from school libraries . Despite the legal precedent , schools and libraries still receive formal challenges to remove books from library shelves or nix them from reading lists to protect children from material some see as inappropriate . Just this month , a North Carolina school board voted to ban Ralph Ellison 's "  Invisible Man " based on complaints from the parent of an 11th-grader . The board is reportedly scheduled to reconsider its decision . The targets of challenges have changed over the years , but the reasons remain fairly constant , said Deborah Caldwell-Stone , the ALA 's deputy director of the Office for Intellectual Freedom . "  Sexually explicit content and offensive language continue to be the main reasons , " she said . The Office for Intellectual Freedom compiles lists of attempts to ban books in libraries and schools based on media reports and reports filed directly with the office , which means it documents only the complaints brought to its attention . For each challenge recorded , the ALA estimates there are four to five more that go unreported . For similar reasons it 's also hard to pin down exactly how many challenges succeed . A book might be pulled without the public 's knowledge , or a ban might be overturned when appealed by teachers , parents and students . Books from Dav Pilkey 's "  Captain Underpants " series , which chronicles the adventures of two fourth-grade pranksters , were the most frequently challenged books in 2012 , along with acclaimed bestsellers "  Beloved , " by Toni Morrison , "  The Kite Runner " by Khaled Hosseini and "  Looking for Alaska " by John Green . ` Bluebird ' : A boy , a bird and bullies Most of the titles were making repeat appearances at the top of the list , owing to what Caldwell-Stone calls the "  viral " nature of book challenges : A book is the target of a ban in one community , then someone from another community hears about it and makes his or her own challenge . So what do authors do when their books are targeted ? We spoke to two authors whose books made the most-challenged list in 2012 . A children 's book ` we could stand behind ' Justin Richardson is the co-author of "  And Tango Makes Three , " a children 's book about Roy and Silo , a pair of male penguins who successfully hatched an egg at New York 's Central Park Zoo . "  And Tango Makes Three " was the fifth most frequently challenged book in 2012 , the ALA reported . On whether Richardson thought "  And Tango Makes Three " would be controversial : "  We did anticipate that there would be objections from some corners to our book . We never anticipated that we would become -LSB- one of -RSB- the most challenged book five years in a row . " On how it changed the way they wrote the book : "  It encouraged us to write a book that we could stand behind . We chose our words very carefully in writing this book , and in part we chose them carefully because we knew there was a possibility that it would be challenged "  For example , there 's no anthropomorphisation in the book , we never said Roy felt a certain way because we did not want to attribute anything to the penguins in the order of a human intention because that 's something that could very easily be criticized , and fairly so , as reading our own agenda into the penguins ' actions . That was one way the book was shaped in anticipation of criticism . "  At the same time , you do n't write books for critics , you write it for people who will benefit from it and enjoy it . Ultimately there will be many more of those people than critics . We were writing for young children who had families like those in the book . We also felt it was important to have our facts straight because one of the points people defending the book observed is that this is actually a true story . We visited the penguins and interviewed zookeepers and vetted it with Central Park Zoo to make sure we were n't misstating the true events . " On how he and his co-author responded to attempts to ban the book : "  Every challenge is different . The first challenge that we heard of was the most disturbing , and that was because of the way it was handled . "  A librarian had received a challenge about the book , and her response was to take the book out of the fiction section and place it into the nonfiction section because that section was much less frequently browsed . Naturally , we were extremely displeased and wrote a letter of complaint to the newsletter of the American Library Association . "  Very shortly after that , or maybe as result of that event , librarians across the country and organizations who saw it as their charter to defend books got on the issue , and we were lucky to be championed by them , including the ALA , the Office for Intellectual Freedom , Pen American Center , and numerous local affiliates of the ACLU . When you know you have those organizations behind you and the United States Constitution in your corner , all of those challenges become less upsetting . "  We 've dealt with them in a number of different ways , but our preference is to let organizations and folks on the ground in the community to do their work so there 's a local solution to the challenge . It 's far better than having two New York authors call up a town and say ` Hey you 're violating the United States Constitution . ' We 'd rather have a group of parents go to a board meeting and work this out . However , when a librarian has worked particularly courageously we 'll send an e-mail to support her . "  We 've written school board members and let them know that there is a precedent and Supreme Court ruling on the subject . In each case where there 's an open challenge , a school will go through the process where they appoint a committee or take it to the school board to investigate what the actions should be . You could look at them negatively and say there 's a certain amount of reinventing the wheel because the legal precedent is quite clear . At the same time , allowing the school community to go through the process of figuring that out and debating it I think has an unquestionable value , and that 's one reason we like to leave it to them . " On how it affected his views on censorship : "  It 's strengthened my appreciation for the importance of protecting the freedom to read . "  I think we handle -LSB- public challenges -RSB- to books pretty well as a country . But I think there 's a greater problem which is secret challenges to books and soft bans ; when a school official objects to a book and checks it out and fails to return it , or when a school librarian reads news about a particular book and is afraid to order it for the library . That self-censorship is something that I do n't believe we have an answer to . " A novel that ` needed to feel uncomfortable ' Jay Asher is the author of "  Thirteen Reasons Why , " a young adult novel about a teen who commits suicide and leaves behind audio recordings sharing 13 reasons she decided to end her life . "  Thirteen Reasons Why " was the third most-challenged book in 2012 , according to the ALA. . On whether Asher thought "  Thirteen Reasons Why " would be controversial : "  I was writing a book about issues that make most people uncomfortable , including me . That alone , I knew , could make it controversial . But these are issues people do experience . To emotionally reach people , I had to write my story honestly . But I also wanted the book to be available to as many people as possible , so I did write a slightly less-graphic alternate versioan of one scene . I let my publisher decide which to publish , and they correctly chose the more intense scene because readers needed to feel uncomfortable there to understand what the character was going through . " On how he responded to attempts to ban the book : "  The times I 've heard about challenges , there have been people in those communities defending my book . In one , there was a school board meeting to decide whether to remove my book from the library , and a parent read aloud one scene without context . It took a student at the school , stepping up to the microphone , to teach those adults about context . As a result , the book remained in the school . Other times , principals have concerns about my book being used in the classroom , and a teacher will contact me to see what I can do to help the principal make a decision . I send them e-mails from readers expressing what they gained from reading the book . I know why I wrote my book , and I know what readers are getting from it . I would have no problem attending a meeting if I thought it would help the decision makers be less afraid . " On how it affected his views on censorship : "  Having spoken to thousands of teens since my book came out , I even more firmly believe that books dealing with these issues need to be written as emotionally honest as possible . Not only is it appropriate , it 's responsible . If people are dealing with it , we need to talk about it . Otherwise , we contribute to the main reason people do n't reach out for help . I consistently hear readers say my book was the first time they felt understood , which is sad . I 'm sure many people around them would understand . If my book proves that there are people who get what they 're going through , I 'm honored . The very day I found out ` Thirteen Reasons Why ' was the third most-challenged book , I received an e-mail from a reader claiming my book kept her from committing suicide . I dare any censor to tell that girl it was inappropriate for her to read my book . "  If a parent feels their child should n't read a book , that 's their prerogative . "	"  The Kite Runner , " "  Beloved , " "  Looking for Alaska " among most frequently challenged American Library Association : At least 464 complaints to remove books filed in 2012 Sexually explicit and offensive language most common reasons cited for challenges
Erbil , Iraq  CNN  Jana was a 19-year-old in her final year of high school , with dreams of becoming a doctor . Then , ISIS came to her village last August , and her world collapsed . She described to me in chilling detail , how the jihadis first demanded that members of her Yazidi religious minority convert to Islam . Then they stripped villagers of their jewelry , money and cellphones . They separated the men from the women . A United Nations report explained what happened next . ISIS "  gathered all the males older than 10 years of age at the local school , took them outside the village by pick-up trucks , and shot them . " Among those believed dead were Jana 's father and eldest brother . A different fate lay in store for the women . Jana described how girls like herself were separated from older women , then bussed to the city of Mosul . There they were put in a big three-story house with hundreds of other young women . The men of ISIS came periodically , and chose up to three and four girls at a time to take home with them . "  These women have been treated like cattle , " explained Nazand Begikhani , an adviser to the Kurdistan Regional Government on gender issues . "  They have been subjected to physical and sexual violence , including systematic rape and sex slavery . They 've been exposed in markets in Mosul and in Raqqa , Syria , carrying price tags . " Perhaps more importantly , Begikhani is also a researcher at the UK-based University of Bristol 's Gender and Violence Research Center . According to the field research and testimonials of Begikhani 's team , ISIS kidnapped more than 2,500 Yazidi women . Meanwhile Narin Shiekh Shamo , a Yazidi activist based in Iraqi Kurdistan has compiled the names of at least 4,601 Yazidi women currently missing . In the first month after the mass abductions , Shamo says she was receiving calls and messages from up to 70 different hostages a day . Now , she ca n't reach a single hostage . After more than a decade reporting on conflict in the Middle East , I was still ill-prepared to hear about the scale of this kidnapping and modern day enslavement . Suddenly , the words of a 19-year-old ISIS imprisoned fighter whom I interviewed last weekend in a Kurdish prison in northern Syria made sense . The young man , horribly disfigured from bullet wounds to his abdomen and arm received during his year of fighting on the frontlines , described how ISIS attracted fresh recruits with the offer of cash and "  wives . " ISIS actually justified its enslavement of Yazidis in its own online magazine . "  One should remember that enslaving the families of the kuffar -- the infidels -- and taking their women as concubines is a firmly established aspect of the Shariah , or Islamic law , " the group announced in the ISIS publication "  Dabiq . " The Kurdish authorities say they have rescued around 100 Yazidi women , in part through the payment of ransoms to Arab tribesmen who acted as intermediaries . Thousands of women remain hostage . And with ISIS successfully defending its territory from a loose coalition of Iraqi military , Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga , Syrian Kurdish militants and US-led airstrikes , it does n't look like a white knight will charge in to rescue these poor women any time soon . Begikhani said all of the 100 Yazidi women rescued from ISIS appeared to have been systematically raped , likely by more than one man . The 19-year-old girl I spoke with here in Iraqi Kurdistan was deeply traumatized , and incapable of showing any joy or humor . Her mother and two brothers are still being held hostage by ISIS . Asked what she would say if she met the 70-year-old Arab man who took her home and ordered her to convert to Islam at gunpoint , she says : "  I would n't want to tell him anything . I just want to kill him . " Jana says she has given up her dream of becoming a doctor . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report .	Young Yazidi woman says ISIS jihadis kidnapped her and other women , and raped them Yazidi women treated like cattle , says one adviser to Kurdistan government on gender ISIS has kidnapped more than 2,500 Yazidi women , according to research by his team ISIS actually justified its enslavement of Yazidis in its own online magazine
CNN  -- Federal authorities have identified a suspect in the armed robberies of 10 banks in four states , crediting surveillance photos they posted on electronic billboards throughout the South . The FBI says this surveillance image shows Chad Schaffner , who they say robbed at least 10 banks this year . Chad E. Schaffner , who was released from Indiana 's prison system last year following an armed robbery conviction , was identified as the man on the billboards , making him a suspect in the robberies in Kentucky , North Carolina , South Carolina and Tennessee , the FBI said Thursday . Schaffner may have been in the Morristown , Tennessee , area this week , according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court . A woman believed to have had a brief relationship with him alleges he was in her Morristown-area apartment and threatened to kill her children if she told authorities he was there , an FBI special agent says in the complaint . The FBI posted photos of the robberies , occurring from May to last week , on electronic billboards in eight Southern states , in part because the robber made no apparent attempt to cover his face . Surveillance images showed a man with tattooed arms , close-cropped hair and a goatee pointing a pistol . The FBI posted the images as part of a partnership with owners of electronic billboards . "  This case is an emblematic example of the importance of public/private sector alliances in bringing criminals to justice in today 's information age , " Richard Lambert , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Knoxville , Tennessee , division , said in a news release Thursday . No one was hurt in the robberies , but Schaffner , who turns 37 on Monday , should be considered armed and dangerous , the FBI said . "  This guy has made no effort to hide the gun , " FBI agent Kevin Keithley said earlier this week , before Schaffner was named a suspect . "  He has threatened the use of it in every bank robbery he has committed . He has put the gun in the faces of tellers , threatened to use the gun against them . " Schaffner is white and about 6 feet tall , weighs 200 pounds , and has brown hair , brown eyes and tattoos on his forearms , the FBI said . He may be driving a black 1994 GMC Jimmy pickup truck with Tennessee license plate 360 WLN or a red 1994 Chevrolet S10 pickup with South Carolina license plate EVE 177 , according to the FBI . Anyone with information on his whereabouts should call the FBI or local law enforcement , the FBI said . The last two bank robberies happened in Morristown and Jefferson City , Tennessee , on August 18 . On Tuesday -- a day after the billboards started showing images of the robberies -- a man told the FBI that Schaffner was in the Morristown area at the time of the last two holdups , according to the complaint filed in court . The man said he 'd known Schaffner for about two months , the complaint says . FBI agents also twice interviewed the Morristown-area woman this week , having heard she 'd had a two-week relationship with Schaffner , according to the complaint . During the first interview , she told agents outside her apartment that she did n't know him , the complaint says . The next day , she told authorities that she did know Schaffner , and that he had been in her apartment with her children while she talked with the agents outside , the complaint says . She said he threatened to kill the children if she told the agents about him , according to the complaint . She told authorities that after the agents left , Schaffner left the area in a vehicle , according to the complaint . A warrant was issued Thursday for Schaffner 's arrest . He has been charged in U.S. District Court in Tennessee 's eastern district with two counts of bank robbery and two counts of use of a firearm during a bank robbery . Schaffner was released from an Indiana prison in December , the FBI said . He was convicted of armed robbery in Indianapolis , Indiana , and sentenced in June 2008 . He has several other convictions in Indiana , including for burglary , armed robbery , resisting law enforcement and purchase of a handgun without a license , according to the Indiana Department of Correction .	Chad Schaffner named suspect in 10 bank robberies in four states Identification came after surveillance images posted on billboards in the South FBI : Woman alleges Schaffner threatened to kill her children in Tennessee Surveillance images from robberies show man with no mask
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy has taken a tragic toll on the residents of the mid-Atlantic 's barrier islands . All along the coast , hundreds of homes were lost , and thousands of people still have no power after Sandy wreaked havoc . The impact is not unlike many other destructive recent storms in the United States , such as Ivan , Katrina and Ike . So what can be done ? In their natural state , the barrier islands that line about half of the U.S. coast , including most of the region affected by Sandy , are mobile and change constantly in response to wind , waves , tides and sea level . In fact , these islands owe their very existence to storms and the long-term rise in sea level of the past several thousand years . But much of today 's coastline is a complex hybrid of a natural , dynamic landform overprinted with decades of immobile human development . Taking the dynamic nature of these barrier islands into account as we rebuild after major storms can help reduce the vulnerability of the local infrastructure to the inevitable next big storm . Beaches and dunes are the first line defense from ocean waves and storm surge , protecting the island 's interior . When dunes erode and fail , much of the sand is carried up onto the island as overwash . While a failed dune in a coastal community makes it more exposed to the next storm , dune failure can make an undeveloped barrier island stronger by adding elevation to its core . This is how the barrier islands were built in the first place . During Superstorm Sandy , broad swaths of the coastline from North Carolina to Massachusetts experienced dune failure and massive overwash . The sand washed onto and across the barrier islands , filling roads , yards and living rooms . This overwash sand instantly added several feet of elevation to the islands . On a natural barrier island , this new elevation reduces the chance of inundation from the next storm . And as New Yorkers learned , a couple of feet can make all the difference between inconvenience and catastrophe . As the army of bulldozers and other earth-moving equipment deployed along the coast suggests , current efforts appear headed to restore the islands to their pre-storm state . Pushing the sand off the streets and back onto the beach removes the elevation that would have added freeboard above future floods . On a developed shore , this excavation of the roads is absolutely necessary to regain the dunes that are the first line of defense . But , everyone must understand that by resetting the island back to pre-storm conditions , the long-term risks are increased . Then there is the issue of rising seas . Sea level has risen 6 to 9 inches along the New Jersey coast since the last big storm in 1962  the Ash Wednesday storm  . Some residents say the 1962 storm barely reached their doorstep , while this time Superstorm Sandy flooded them by a foot . Although Sandy and the 1962 storm differ in their details , 50 years of sea-level rise certainly allowed water to reach areas that would not have been reached otherwise . What we know about storms , sea-level rise and barrier island response can be applied to redevelopment of the New Jersey coast . We can either try to thwart the natural response -- requiring increasing investment in construction and maintenance of storm protection structures -- or adapt by relocating farther away from the beachfront and upward as the barrier islands move . There is historical precedent for adaptation by moving . In New Jersey , some pre-WWII beachfront communities had moveable houses . In 1888 , the Brighton Beach Hotel on Coney Island was moved several hundred feet back from the ocean by six steam locomotives . There are difficult choices to be made in our response to Superstorm Sandy . Doing nothing other than rebuilding is an easy choice and least expensive in the near-term , unless the next "  superstorm " comes next year , or even this winter . Hundreds of miles of the East Coast where dunes were eroded or no longer exist are now more vulnerable than ever . Protecting the entire coast with coastal structures like sea walls is not feasible or even desirable ; there are aspects of coastal armoring that have negative consequences . A practical response will be a blend of all the realistic options . This requires identifying which areas can adapt best , prioritizing which will receive the most protection and which will receive the least , or even none . This will be a challenging process . But , if undertaken jointly by citizens , policymakers and scientists , it could be a refreshing response and yield a coastal environment that is more resilient and economically and environmentally sound . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of E. Robert Thieler , Nathaniel G. Plant and Hilary F. Stockdon .	E. Robert Thieler , Nathaniel Plant , Hilary Stockdon : We need a solution after Sandy They say during Superstorm Sandy , coastlines experienced massive overwash Restoring the barrier islands to their pre-storm state increase long-term risks , they say Thieler , Plant , Stockdon : It 's better to move up and away from the beachfront
CNN  -- Once again , Obamacare has made its way back before the Supreme Court . The high court decided Tuesday to review two challenges by for-profit corporations and their religious owners over comprehensive contraception coverage required by the Affordable Care Act . And if the justices follow more than 200 years of constitutional law and history on what it means to enjoy the free exercise of religion in America , the court should yet again hand a victory to the act . It had little choice but to agree to hear the cases this term . Using unprecedented legal reasoning , three federal circuit courts of appeals have ruled that secular , for-profit business corporations and/or the individuals who own them have a valid claim that the mandate to provide no-cost , FDA-approved contraception in their employer-sponsored health plan violates their asserted right to the free exercise of religion . Two other federal circuit courts of appeals have rejected these claims ; the Supreme Court frequently steps in to resolve such disagreements among the federal courts of appeals . Unless the Supreme Court reverses these radical decisions , the consequences could reach far beyond the Affordable Care Act , making this particular roadblock for Obamacare more problematic in the long term than the well-publicized problems associated with the health exchange website 's rollout . By accepting the religious free-exercise claims , these three federal courts have turned first principles of religious freedom , as well as fundamental tenets of corporate law , on their head . From the nation 's founding until today , the Constitution 's protection of religious liberty has been seen as a personal right , inextricably linked to the human capacity to express devotion to a God and act on the basis of reason and conscience . Business corporations , quite properly , have never shared in this fundamental constitutional tradition for the obvious reason that a business corporation lacks the basic human capacities -- reason , dignity and conscience -- at the core of the right to free exercise of religion . Obviously not "  persons " in the usual sense of the word , these corporations are also not religious organizations , which have historically received some constitutional protection and are , in fact , given exemptions from the contraception mandate . These businesses do not hire employees on the basis of their religion and their employees are not required to share the religious beliefs personally held by the corporation 's owners . In all of American history , secular , for-profit corporations have never been understood to "  exercise " religion -- have you ever seen Exxon Mobil in the pew next to you at church ? -- and have never been protected by the right to free exercise . To be sure , the devout individual business owners behind the corporations in these challenges have their own personal rights to exercise their religion , but those rights have nothing to do with Obamacare 's contraception coverage requirement . Why ? Because federal law does not require the individuals who own the company to personally provide health care coverage or to satisfy any other legal obligation of the corporation . The law places requirements only on the corporate entity . To conflate the corporations in these cases with their owners violates basic principles of corporate law . When business owners create a corporation as the means of carrying out their business , they create a distinct legal entity with rights , obligations , privileges and liabilities that are different from the individuals who set up the corporation . This generally works to the benefit of the individual owners , which is why people choose to incorporate in the first place . And it means that certain rights specific to individuals do not carry over to the corporate form . For example , the Supreme Court has held that an individual acting in his personal capacity has the right to "  plead the Fifth " and refuse to turn over documents that could incriminate him , but that same individual acting in his official capacity as a corporate owner has no such right against self-incrimination . Like the right to the free exercise of religion , the right against self-incrimination has always been understood to be a personal right of freedom and conscience that artificial corporate entities simply do not share . A business owner simply does not have the right to move back and forth freely between individual and corporate status to obtain all the advantages and avoid any of the disadvantages of the respective forms . Whether you have cheered the misfortunes Obamacare has suffered over the past month or bemoaned them , the distortion of basic principles of corporate law and free exercise jurisprudence by the three federal courts that have endorsed the corporate challenges to the ACA 's contraception mandate should be troubling . The Supreme Court , as always , will have the final say . If the justices follow more than 200 years of constitutional law and history , not to mention basic principles of corporate law , the court should hand another victory to Obamacare . I 'm sure the administration -- and more importantly , the women and their families who risk losing important health benefits to which they are legally entitled -- would welcome the win . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elizabeth B. Wydra .	Elizabeth Wydra : Supreme Court to review contraception challenge to Obamacare Owners of corporations say providing that coverage violates religious freedom , she says She says business owner ca n't shift between individual , corporate status for advantage Wydra : If justices follow more than 200 years of law , they 'll hand victory to Obamacare
CNN  -- London may be the center of attention this summer , but venture beyond the Olympic Stadium and you 'll find the real British Isles , a world of ancient thatched cottages , monumental castles , elegant university towns and jagged peaks . You wo n't have to travel far to see why the British landscape so inspired the Romantic poets , why A-listers flee the city for tiny medieval villages and why a pint in a pub selling hammers and nails tastes finer than any other on Earth . England : The Cotswolds For a slice of picture-postcard England , the Cotswolds make an easy excursion from London but feel half a world away . The wool trade boomed in these rolling hills in medieval times and today the region is littered with achingly pretty villages , elegant old mansions , graceful churches and atmospheric pubs , most largely unchanged for centuries . Wander between rows of honey-colored almshouses and thatched cottages , browse the antiques shops or stop for a cream tea and you 'll feel transported back in time . Away from the tourists in Burford and Broadway you 'll find quieter spots such as Chipping Campden with its long curving high street . Leading members of the arts and crafts movement were so enamored by the town they made it their home in the early 20th century , and their founder , William Morris , settled in nearby Kelmscott in a gloriously unassuming riverside mansion . Another hidden gem , Painswick , lies to the west with its elegant rows of medieval terraced housing and wonderful rococo gardens . For the best pint , head to the Falkland Arms in Great Tew , a place so special I barely wish to share it . England : Cambridge Soaked in history and riddled with historic buildings , the university town of Cambridge exudes a dreamy air of Old World sophistication . The august colleges , hushed quadrangles , manicured lawns and cobbled laneways give way to "  The Backs , " a stretch of picturesque gardens bordering the meandering River Cam . Cambridge is an exclusive kind of place where gowned cyclists ply the streets and the academic elite debate life-changing questions in dimly lit pubs . You can visit many of the University 's 31 colleges , but do n't miss the extraordinary King 's College Chapel . Its mesmerizing fan-vaulted ceiling is best appreciated during Evensong when you can listen to the college 's celebrated choir as you ponder your place in the universe . Art lovers should follow up the grand neoclassical Fitzwilliam Museum with the unassuming Kettle 's Yard , a treasure trove of 20th-century art , ceramics and sculpture . For the quintessential Cambridge experience , hop on a chauffeur-driven punt to the sleepy village of Grantchester . Once a favorite haunt of the influential Bloomsbury Group of writers , intellectuals and artists , this is the place for afternoon tea at the tranquil Orchard Tea Garden . From Cambridge , it 's a short trip north to the charming town of Ely and its magnificent cathedral , whose soaring towers dominate the flat marshy fenland that surrounds the town . England : Lake District England 's largest protected outdoor playground , the Lake District National Park , is a wild and winsome place full of craggy peaks , glittering lakes and moody fells . For walkers and climbers , there 's a wealth of routes from which to choose . Try the Langdale Pikes , a chain of rugged hills offering spectacular views or for something less taxing , the Borger Dalr route . The region provided ample inspiration for some of England 's finest writers and poets , and today you can follow the William Wordsworth trail from his childhood home in Cockermouth to tiny Dove Cottage in Grasmere , and the more tranquil Rydal Mount in Ambleside , where you can sit in the house where he once tested his verse . Beatrix Potter 's bucolic 17th-century farmhouse , Hill Top , is also here and scenes straight from her books lie around every corner . Many of the main sights get extremely busy , as do cruises on the largest lake , Windermere . Instead head for Coniston Water , where a trip on the restored 19th-century Steam Yacht Gondola offers captivating views of the surrounding hills and drops you off at Brantwood , the fascinating former home of John Ruskin , Victorian art critic , philosopher and philanthropist . Scotland : The Highlands and Islands Big skies , craggy mountains , steely-gray lochs and cascading falls , the majestic , wild expanses of the Scottish Highlands are every bit as romantic as their celluloid reputation . The grand vistas , lonesome castles and isolated pubs where you can warm yourself by a peat fire , sip a dram of whisky and put the world to right are all just waiting to be explored . You can hike , bike , ski and fish , feast on seafood , dance a jig or even toss a caber  a large wooden pole thrown as a test of strength during the traditional Highland Games  . The mercurial landscape of the Cairngorms National Park makes an excellent place to start . Sculpted by glaciers and home to golden eagles , wildcats and red deer , the ancient forests and bleak moorland here are simply spectacular . For pure romance , head to Eilean Donan Castle . Perched on a rocky islet on the edge of Loch Duich , it is one of Scotland 's most iconic sights . Nearby is the glorious Isle of Skye or head for the Hebrides to marvel at the mysterious standing stones at Callanish and dip your toes in the azure waters off Lewis and Harris . Possibly Scotland 's most spectacular setting though is on far-flung Orkney , where you 'll find the wonderfully preserved Skara Brae . The village , which predates the Egyptian pyramids , remains a testament to the ingenuity of the people of the day . Wales : Snowdonia and North Wales North Wales is one of the country 's most spectacular and traditional regions . Its high mountains and rough terrain deterred waves of invaders over the years , and its finest landscapes are protected as part of Snowdonia National Park . Snow-capped mountains , tumbling rivers , Stone Age burial chambers and Roman forts all lurk here . It 's an excellent spot for gentle hiking or challenging climbs but rather than tackle the busy Mount Snowdon , head instead for Cader Idris , a legendary peak said to be an entrance to the underworld . Capel Curig makes a good base for walkers and climbers , but history buffs should head to one of the magnificent medieval castles that dot the area . The intimidating fortresses at Harlech , Beaumaris , Conwy and Caernarfon jointly form a UNESCO World Heritage Site and are intriguing places to explore . Alternatively , catch the dramatic Ffestiniog Railway to the slate mines at Blaenau Ffestiniog to learn about the human side of Wales ' industrial heritage . A short trip south and you enter an entirely different world at the whimsical Italianate village of Portmeirion . Set on a tranquil peninsula , this bizarre enclave was the brainchild of Welsh architect Sir Bertram Clough Williams-Ellis . Ireland : Kerry Gorgeously green and incredibly friendly , the lush scenery and unique atmosphere of Kerry have made it one of Ireland 's most popular regions . Here , emerald forests drip with moss , dramatic peaks lie shrouded in mist and water trickles everywhere . Head out from the tourist honeypot of Killarney around the Ring of Kerry with its glorious views , sandy beaches and ancient ruins . It 's a busy route in summer and the best way to leave the crowds behind is to take a trip to the early Christian monastery of Skellig Michael . Seven miles offshore and up 600 steep steps , you 'll find the 6th-century beehive huts of what was once one of Europe 's most remote religious communities . The sense of isolation here is humbling , and the views are nothing short of spectacular . Alternatively , you could take a trip in a pony and trap across the beautiful Gap of Dunloe which is flanked by Ireland 's highest mountains , the McGillycuddy 's Reeks . Whatever you do , do n't miss the Dingle Peninsula with its vast stretch of golden sand at Inch , scenic Conor Pass and beguiling eponymous town where you can down a pint in the wonderfully atmospheric Dick Mack 's pub/hardware store . Northern Ireland : the Causeway Coast Northern Ireland 's troubled reputation has been hard to shake off , but wander this way and you 'll be rewarded with the peace and tranquility of a place the world has yet to discover . Beyond Belfast 's black taxi tours , urban regeneration and stunning new Titanic experience , the biggest draw is the otherworldly Giant 's Causeway . Here , more than 38,000 interlocking basalt columns form a patchwork of stepping stones that stretch out into the sea . This extraordinary landscape marks the start of the legendary Finn McCool 's bridge to Scotland , although a rival theory suggests it 's merely a geological phenomenon formed 50 million to 60 million years ago . From here the beautiful Causeway Coast stretches in both directions . Head east to reach Carrick-a-Rede , where a narrow swaying rope bridge connects the mainland to a little island traditionally known for its salmon fishing , or go west to the dramatic ruins of Dunluce Castle . Perched on a clifftop , the fortress partly collapsed into the sea in 1639 and today a narrow bridge forges the gap between the main castle and its courtyard . Alternatively , you could just hop on the historic train line to Bushmills , where you 'll find the world 's oldest legal distillery .	In the Cotswolds , visit elegant mansions , graceful churches and atmospheric pubs Gowned cyclists ride the streets of Cambridge while academics debate Do n't skip the snow-capped mountains and Stone Age burial chambers of Northern Wales Do n't miss Ireland 's Dingle Peninsula with its vast stretch of golden sand
CNN  -- Two Pennsylvania men convicted of a hate crime in the beating death of an undocumented Mexican immigrant were each sentenced Wednesday to spend nine years behind bars , according to a U.S. District Court statement . Derrick Donchak , of Shenandoah , and Brandon Piekarsky , of Shenandoah Heights , were found guilty in federal court in October of several charges , including hate crimes and depriving the victim Luis Ramirez of his civil rights . The two were acquitted of murder charges in state court and convicted of simple assault . During the federal trial , witnesses testified that racist language was used before and during the attack and that Ramirez was kicked in the head repeatedly after he fell down . The defendants , they said , did n't want immigrants in their neighborhood and repeatedly ordered Ramirez to leave . Attorneys for the defendants said the encounter had been no more than a fight fueled by testosterone and alcohol . Three former Pennsylvania police officers were also charged , accused of trying to cover up the incident . In January , a federal jury found former Shenandoah Police Chief Matthew Nestor and officers William Moyer and Jason Hayes not guilty of conspiracy to obstruct a federal investigation in Ramirez 's July 2008 death . Nestor , however , was found guilty of falsifying reports , and Moyer was convicted of lying to the FBI . Hayes , who was also accused of falsifying police reports , was acquitted of the two charges against him .	NEW : Two Pennsylvania men were sentenced to nine years in prison They were convicted of a hate crime in an undocumented Mexican immigrant 's death Witnesses say the defendants did n't like Luis Ramirez living in their neighborhood Witnesses also testified that Ramirez was kicked in the head
CNN  -- O.J. Simpson is 66 and has spent nearly all of his seventh decade in a Nevada prison after his conviction on kidnapping , armed robbery and other charges for busting into a Las Vegas casino to try to reclaim items he felt were rightfully his . And he 's had enough . His nearly five years in custody "  have been somewhat illuminating at times and painful a lot of times , " Simpson told two Nevada parole board members Thursday via closed-circuit TV from prison . "  I missed my two younger kids who worked hard getting through high school , I missed their college graduations , " he said , seemingly emotional as he talked . "  I missed my sister 's funeral . I missed all the birthdays . " The football legend could learn whether he 'll have less time to spend in prison in two weeks , when the parole board comes back with its decision . If a majority of the seven on the parole board vote in his favor , he 'll have some hope but wo n't be free , according to multiple reports , including from CNN affiliates KSNV and KTNV . That 's because he 'd still have to serve more of his term -- at least four years more , according to these reports . In his worst case scenario , Simpson remains behind bars for decades more . After his 2008 conviction , he was sentenced to up to 33 years in prison . Watch : The rise and fall of O.J. Simpson Simpson portrayed himself as a model inmate since his arrival , saying he had promised prison officials "  I would be the best prisoner they have ever had here ,  and  I think , for the most part , I 've kept my word on that . " Recalling conversations with other inmates , specifically the many like him who are incarcerated for trying to rob others , Simpson said his case stands out -- and , because of that , he should have his prison term cut . "  The difference between all of their crimes and mine is that they were trying to steal other people 's property , they were trying to steal other people 's money , " the pro football hall-of-famer argued . "  My crime was trying to retrieve , for my family , my own property . " A Nevada jury , however , did n't see it that way . They convicted him on October 3 , 2008 -- the 13th anniversary of his controversial acquittal in the 1994 killings of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and Ronald Goldman . The former Heisman Trophy winner , record-setting NFL running back and movie actor had enlisted the help of Clarence "  C.J. " Stewart and four others to get sports memorabilia that Simpson claimed belonged to him from dealers Bruce Fromong and Al Beardsley . The six men confronted the dealers in a room at Las Vegas ' Palace Station Hotel and Casino on September 13 , 2007 , brandishing weapons but not firing them . Four of those men testified against Simpson -- each getting probation in exchange for his testimony -- while Stewart stood trial alongside him . So does Simpson regret what he did ? Watch : O.J. Simpson on 2007 conviction : "  I thought I was innocent . " On Thursday , as he did during his trial and has in subsequent appeals , he went on the defensive . Simpson said he 'd talked with his kids , his sister and his brother-in-law -- the latter two , he said , "  were originally going to go with me " -- before going to the hotel . He also talked with two lawyers , one he knew and another he did n't . "  My intent was not to rob from anybody , " said the onetime University of Southern California and Buffalo Bill great . "  I knew both of these guys who had my stuff . I was a little upset with them , and I think I was n't as civil as I should have been . " One mistake he admits : Bringing "  some guys with me who I did n't know and one I did n't trust . " "  And that 's on me , " Simpson said . "  For that , I 've been here for five years . " Tony Bommarito was one of those who did n't buy similar arguments during Simpson 's trial . While Bommarito was an alternate juror , he did agree with the verdict . Talking with CNN earlier this week before Thursday 's parole board hearing , Bommarito did n't say specifically whether he thought Simpson should walk free now . But he did say the 33-year maximum sentence "  seems like a lot for what he did in that scenario . " "  I would have thought 10 or 15 years , " Bommarito said . "  The longer sentence  made me think that ... was there some bias there , maybe ? Maybe they were thinking about the old trial ? " Gallery : The rise and fall of O.J. Simpson CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	O.J. Simpson was sentenced to 33 years for his role in an incident at a Las Vegas A Nevada jury convicted him on 12 counts , including kidnapping and armed robbery He asks a parole board to cut his sentence , saying he 'd only gone to get his property Simpson laments missing graduations , birthdays and a funeral in 5 years in custody
CNN  -- Announcement of a Nintendo 2DS handheld console is causing a collective "  eh " among fans of the pioneering gaming company . The new console hopes to entice the entry-level gamer  i.e. kids  with a large catalog of games designed for the Nintendo 3DS and DS while appealing to parents with a low price point  $ 129  . Unlike its counterpart , the 2DS does not have 3-D visual effects , nor can it be folded shut like other DS handheld consoles . Instead , the 2DS remains flat and fixed , much like a tablet . The controls are similar to other Nintendo handheld consoles and screen sizes are the same as the 3DS unit . While critics are split over whether this is a good idea for the company in the long term , fans in forums and social media are shaking their heads . Some are asking why a 2DS model is needed when 3-D can be turned off on the current console , while others are calling for Nintendo executives ' heads . Much of the confusion lies in the naming convention . While the Nintendo DS can only play DS games , the 2DS and 3DS can play games designed for the DS or the 3DS . The problem arises because the games are clearly labeled for the DS or the 3DS , but not for the 2DS , and could have parents wondering , "  Where are the 2DS games ? " It was a similar problem when the Wii U was announced and players could n't play Wii U on Wii systems . The names were n't distinct enough to create separation for a casual audience . The move to a non3-D environment for the handheld console is a welcome one to some fans . "  Oh I 'm so happy they 're creating a 2DS , " said @omglazerkittens on Twitter . "  That 's the whole reason I have n't bought one yet . " Nintendo , for its part , has said the new device is designed for young kids , despite having promotional videos with adults using it . Despite the nonplussed reaction from many older gamers , some fans understand the need for a device aimed at the young audience . The new console may appeal to "  parents who want to buy their kids PokÃ © mon and a 3DS at an affordable price , " wrote Haziq , a member of popular online video-gaming forum NeoGAF . "  Plus , the flat design kind of reminds me of a tablet . I would n't be surprised if this is Nintendo 's way of directly competing with that market for small kids . " The October 12 release for the Nintendo 2DS is the same day the company plans to launch the latest titles in the Pokemon universe , "  Pokemon X " and "  Pokemon Y. " But other gamers are n't so quick to accept the need for the new console or Nintendo 's explanation . "  To those who say the 2DS is a kid-friendly option , where does the inability to protect the screen with folding fall into that ? " wrote @JustinMcElroy on Twitter . Twitter user @kellyherron27 wonders whether Nintendo is not happy with the 3DS market anymore . "  Feels like they 're saying , ` OK , so our novelty really is a gimmick . Oops . ' " But in explaining the need for the Nintendo 2DS , another NeoGAF member may have offered the most clear-eyed assessment . "  Parents will be buying this for kids and that 's the point , hence the price , " wrote Alpha_eX . "  They 're aiming at kids wanting the new PokÃ © mon game and if parents can get it cheap , it 'll sell over a more expensive 3DS model . " "  This console is n't aimed at any of us  adults  . "	Many gamers appear less than excited about Nintendo 's forthcoming 2DS console The handheld device does not have 3-D visual effects and is shaped like a small tablet Console may be aimed at kids , not adults
CNN  At least 49 people , including 10 children and five women , were killed this week by Syrian government forces in a village north of Aleppo , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Saturday . The opposition monitoring group said the deaths in the village of Retian on Tuesday included 13 rebels with their families -- most killed in their homes without resistance . The forces were identified by the group as fighters backed by Hezbollah and non-Syrian fighters . In addition , at least four people -- including two women and two soldiers -- were killed and others injured in an explosion in the city of al-Qardaha in Lattakia province , the birthplace of President Bashar al-Assad , the London-based monitoring group said Saturday . Syrian state television reported the blast was caused by a car bomb in the parking lot of al-Qardaha hospital . The explosion was the first in al-Assad 's hometown in the four-year conflict . The monitoring group said Saturday that it documented more than 30,000 civilians deaths and injuries in the past year . The Observatory has demanded that all parties in the conflict refrain from attacking civilian and densely-populated areas . The Observatory said it has documented the deaths of 5,812 civilians , including 1,733 children and 969 women , during aerial and barrel bomb assaults . Activists have blamed government forces for most of the aerial assaults and casualties . The activist group also said 1,102 civilians , including 234 children and 133 women , were killed from mortar and tank shells , rockets , explosive propane gas cylinders and cannon shells launched by the Nusra Front , Jund al - Aqsa Organization , rebel and Islamic fighters in several Syrian provinces . The Observatory said it is seeking the involvement of the United Nations Security Council and requesting a U.N. resolution that would allow for war crimes and other international criminal court charges in connection with the civilian deaths . Syria 's civil war has been raging since 2011 , when a government crackdown on protests in the city of Daraa spiraled into a full-blown armed conflict . Few areas have been spared by gunfire , bombing , airstrikes , even reported chemical attacks . The violence comes not just from troops loyal to al-Assad -- who has been criticized and isolated by much of the world -- but a number of rebel groups , some of them considered moderates and others extremists , such as the al Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra Front , and ISIS . The impact on civilians has been horrific . Staffan de Mistura , the United Nations special envoy for Syria , reported in January that some 220,000 people had been killed and 1 million wounded . Some 7.6 million have been displaced because of the fighting , with the return of polio , typhoid and measles to Syria symptomatic of the health crisis there . The war has also produced 3.3 million refugees , most of whom ended up in camps in Turkey , Lebanon , Iraq and Jordan . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	Explosion in al-Assad 's hometown kills at least four Some 220,000 people had been killed and 1 million wounded in Syrian civil war
CNN  The picture says it all : a black eye . Cuts and scrapes all over his face . A swollen lip . Police say the mugshot was taken after William Mattson was accused of sexually assaulting a woman . The police department in Conway , South Carolina , posted the photo on its Facebook page along with an explanation that its officers had gone to a residence about 1 a.m. Thursday after reports of a sexual assault . They found 52-year-old Mattson in the condition seen in the photo . According to police , the injuries were inflicted "  by someone acting in defense  of  the victim . " Conway Police charged Mattson with first-degree criminal sexual conduct . He is being held at the J. Reuben Long Detention Center in that city , just inland from Myrtle Beach .	William Mattson is charged with criminal sexual conduct in Conway , South Carolina Police : Someone acting in defense of the alleged victim injured him before officers arrived
CNN  -- A Saudi court that sentenced a journalist to 60 lashes for her work on a controversial television show has summoned a second woman affiliated with the TV station . The Saudi information ministry said Sunday that a Jeddah court has asked the second journalist to appear because of her work as a coordinator with the Lebanese Broadcasting Corp. . The woman was set to appear on Monday , but the hearing has been postponed because she is ill , said a ministry official , who could not be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . The show in question , "  A Thick Red Line , " explores social taboos . In one episode , a Saudi man , Mazen Abdul Jawad , bragged about his sex life . Saudi authorities put him on trial and sentenced him to five years in prison and 1,000 lashes . Soon afterward , the court sentenced journalist Rosanna Al-Yami who worked as a coordinator and guest-booker for the show . In addition to the 60 lashes , Al-Yami is banned for two years from traveling outside Saudi Arabia . While the charges against her include involvement in preparing the program , she was not involved in setting up the episode in which Abdul Jawad appeared , said his lawyer Suleiman Al-Jumeii . Al-Jumeii said that Al-Yami has opted not to appeal the court 's verdict . Al-Jumeii does n't represent the journalist , but said he is keeping tabs on cases dealing with "  A Thick Red Line . " The lawyer is attempting to pursue an appeal for his client and get his case heard in a special court that only deals with media matters . CNN has attempted to get comments from Al-Yami and her attorney . Abdul Jawad , 32 , an airline employee and divorced father of four , spoke openly on the show about his sexual escapades , his love of sex and losing his virginity at age 14 . That episode caused an uproar in deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , where sharia , or Islamic law , is practiced . Pre-marital sex is illegal , and unrelated men and women are not permitted to mingle . Saudi authorities shut down LBC offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after the interview aired a few months ago . Abdul Jawad was arrested shortly after the program aired and charged with violating Saudi Arabia 's crime of publicizing vice .	Second journalist summoned over controverial Saudi television show Saudi court sentenced journalist another woman , Rosanna Al-Yami , to 60 lashes for her role Man 's sexual boasts on show led to five-year prison sentence Saudi authorities shut down network 's offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after interview aired
Hoylake , England  CNN  -- The British Open is Rory McIlroy 's to lose . On a day when the weather finally bared its teeth at Royal Liverpool , so did the Northern Irishman . At one stage of this historic championship round -- with two tees in operation for the first time ever -- another dynamic 25-year-old threatened the fairytale Merseyside had been dreaming of . Rickie Fowler tied McIlroy for the lead as the two-time major champion toiled amid the thick and unforgiving rough of Hoylake 's 12th hole . But that seemed the catalyst for the home favorite to turn on the afterburners , as two eagles on his final three holes wrested the famed Claret Jug ever closer to his clubhouse locker . The roar that followed his three on the final green was of the pitch one expects to greet the winning putt . It may well prove to be the telling blow . A six-shot lead going into a final round that should see a return to the benign weather of the first two days means a third major of McIlroy 's fledgling career is within touching distance . Fowler 's only hope is to recapture the furious pace he set early on Saturday . Seven birdies drew him level with McIlroy before three bogeys halted a gallant charge . He will make up a final group with a combined age 14 years junior to that of five-time Open champion Tom Watson , who sits on five-over for the tournament . Spain 's Sergio Garcia and Dustin Johnson , from America , both lie on nine-under with Frenchman Victor Dubuisson a further shot behind . But McIlroy is in such form it 'd take a return to the dark days of his Augusta meltdown in 2011 to derail his procession towards Hoylake 's honors board , and entry to an exclusive club . Only Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods managed to win three majors in the modern era by the age of 25 . By Sunday night , McIlroy could have 75 % of a career grand slam sewn up and make that twosome a supremely talented hat-trick . "  I never thought I 'd be able to be in this position , " McIlroy told reporters as torrential rain crashed down on the media centre roof , justifying the decision to send the players out early . "  I 'm going to try and put all that out of my head because it would be way too much to think about , way too much to ponder . "  Not a lot of people have achieved a career grand slam and if everything goes the right way tomorrow , to get to three-quarters of the way there is some achievement by the age of 25 . "  I 'd be in pretty illustrious company , I do n't want to get ahead of ourselves but it would mean an awful lot . First things first , play a good solid round tomorrow and if that means I 'm going to Augusta with a bit of hype then so be it . " It was fitting that a biblical downpour erupted just as McIlroy filed in to face the gathered press , for Hoylake has proved something of a perfect storm for him . Intent on improving his record in golf 's oldest major , McIlroy spent the weeks leading up to the tournament shaping his game on the links courses of his native Northern Ireland . It has made quite a difference . The 25-year-old has arrested a decline that saw finishes of 25th , 60th and 116th in the last three years and now sits one solid round away from landing his first Open title . With savage thunderstorms sweeping northwards , the R&A decided to operate two starting tees for the first time in the tournament 's history , sending groups of three out from 9am . This meant after a twilight finish on Friday , McIlroy barely had time to hit the gym and watch a movie , as he has done after both rounds so far , before he was due back at the course . And like yesterday , his start was sluggish . A bogey on the first , coupled with playing partner Dustin Johnson 's birdie , saw his four-shot lead chopped in half immediately . He canceled out that error with a birdie on the fifth but seemed more content to protect his lead than exert himself to extend it . Fowler was the opposite . In weather that would make most Californians recoil in horror , the 25-year-old reveled in the hanging cloud and spitting rain that swept across the Wirral Peninsula . He recorded four birdies in six holes to close the gap on McIlroy , with Garcia fighting to keep pace in the same group . When Fowler rolled in a 30ft putt on the 11th , a shot for shot Sunday battle between the Florida neighbors who first met at the amateur Walker Cup battle between the U.S. and Great Britain and Ireland in 2007 looked likely . Another birdie on 12 took Fowler to 12-under and when McIlroy missed a short par putt on the same green not 15 minutes later , the Open had joint-leaders . If McIlroy was in any way perturbed , he did n't show it . In fact , he seemed to welcome the challenge . The contours of this strip of land on the west coast mean its predators are forever catching glimpses of each other . A huge gallery gathered around the 15th hole speculated as to whether the clamor back on the 14th meant McIlroy had made a birdie . Seconds later , the huge scoreboard to the right of the green confirmed he had . That fleeting Fowler share had now become a two-shot deficit . McIlroy refused to relinquish his grasp on his rival 's throat . A booming drive down the 16th and perfectly flighted approach offered an eagle chance which was duly swallowed whole . By this stage , Fowler had bogeyed three holes out of four -- his round of 68 would include eight birdies and four bogeys in total . Despite dropping a shot on the 17th , a ferocious McIlroy drive on the 18th was complemented by a five iron that landed barely 10 feet from the hole . The putt held its line and disappeared . McIlroy fist-pumped as thousands flanking the final hole rose to their feet . "  The support this week has been fantastic , " he added . "  It 's a pleasure to play in front of crowd like this . "  Walking onto the 18th green today I got goose bumps -- how loud it was , how much I support I felt from them . "  I said yesterday I want to try and give them something to cheer for and I 'll try and do the same thing tomorrow . "  I was conscious that Rickie was getting closer but I never panicked and stayed patient . It was nice to come up with the goods when I needed them . "  I felt like those two shots on 18 deserved an eagle . " Barring a meltdown of similar proportions to the one McIlroy suffered at The Masters in 2011 , when he blew a four-shot lead in the final round , the title is his . The 2012 U.S. PGA Champion 's lead is the largest at this stage since Tiger Woods won in 2000 at St Andrew 's . But having stormed from seven shots back to win the PGA Championship at Wentworth in May , McIlroy knows how quickly a lead can evaporate . "  I wanted to try and be as far ahead as I could , that 's why I was grinding over that putt at the last , " he explained . "  Whenever you have such a big lead you really ca n't think anyone else but yourself . " Few people around Hoylake tomorrow will be thinking of anyone else either . Read more : McIlroy excels as Woods scrapes through on day two Read more : ` The People 's Open '	Rory McIlroy six shots clear after three rounds of Open Championship at Hoylake America 's Rickie Fowler second ; Sergio Garcia and Dustin Johnson tied for third Threat of thunderstorms sees round three start from two tees for first time ever
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- Quincy Jones moved to Seattle as a child and discovered a passion for music that would bring him global success as a musician , composer and producer . He talks to CNN about music , working with Michael Jackson , and the city he grew up in . Quincy Jones : "  You have to believe and trust yourself . " CNN : How would you describe Seattle ? Quincy Jones : Seattle is like a global gumbo , a melting pot with all kinds of people -- the rich , the poor , white people , some Chinese , Filipino , Jewish and black people -- they 're all here . CNN : What was it like when you first arrived in the city ? Quincy Jones : It was diametrically opposite to where I 'd come from . I was born into a black ghetto in Chicago , during the depression . Where we came from , there were machine guns , there were gangsters everywhere . At 11 years old we broke into a building to get some lemon meringue pie . As we were leaving , I spotted a splendid piano in the corner . I put my hands on the piano and somehow every cell in the body , everything in me knew that 's what I would be doing for the rest of my life . It 's just astounding . That moment changed my life . CNN : Why is revisiting your old high school in Seattle important to you ? Quincy Jones : It 's easier to get to where you think you want to go if you know where you come from . The diversity here in the 1940s was awesome . As a kid , education is what provides you with a foundation . This is one of the greatest high schools America has ever seen . Garfield -LSB- High School -RSB- makes my heart and soul smile . It 's astounding the people that came out of this place -- Jimi Hendrix and Bruce Lee went to school here . Everyone keeps saying , "  What 's in the water ? " CNN : Your remarkable career started here in Seattle ... Quincy Jones : I always wanted to be a trumpet player . By the time I got to Garfield -LSB- High School -RSB- I was starting to be pretty good . I was in all the bands at the school -- concert bands , dance bands , the gospel bands . Back then , Ray Charles and I used to pretend we were older than we were so that we could sneak into the jazz clubs around the city . Later we started playing in nightclubs ; it was brilliant . See photos of Quincy in Seattle " CNN : You are , arguably , best known for producing Michael Jackson . How did that come about ? Quincy Jones : When I was a musical director we were working together on a film project . He asked me to help him find a producer for his first solo album . Watching him was incredible . He would learn everybody else 's parts -- the dialogues , the songs , the dance steps -- and I saw something in him . I saw a part of him that had never been exposed before . We went all the way to Michael 's soul at that time and it was am amazing experience . CNN : You 're also credited with discovering the talk-show host Oprah Winfrey for the film "  The Color Purple " , which you co-produced with Steven Spielberg . Quincy Jones : I was watching television one morning and I saw this lady on a Chicago station . I thought that if she could sing and act then she is who we 're looking for . One thing led to another and Oprah came in for a screen test . You know the rest . She 's a lady who is touched by God -- such an incredible woman . Whoopi  Goldberg  is the same . It was a great experience , as a producer , doing my first film with Spielberg . I was glad that I had all of that wonderful family to work with . CNN : Tell us about recording the song "  We are the World " in 1985 to raise money for the famine in Ethiopia . Quincy Jones : Lionel Richie  who co-wrote the song with Michael Jackson  called and asked me to be involved in a project to help Africa . I guess they wanted somebody who was crazy enough to work with lots of different people . Everybody flocked to record this song , including Ray Charles , Stevie Wonder , Bruce Springsteen , Dan Aykroyd , Bob Geldof ... CNN : You 've often said that music gave you your freedom , how is that ? Quincy Jones : Music to me , at that time became a passion . It was even deeper than that because we had a strange family background . My mother was in the mental institution since I was seven , with dementia . Things were n't working out in the family sense . I did n't know my mother so I made a pact with my soul and said if I do n't have one I do n't need one , and I made music my mother . Watch Quincy Jones on My City_My Life " Probably if I had a great family I would have been a pitiful musician , you never know . Music became my mother and it was a passion -- a total passion . CNN : What 's your approach to life ? Quincy Jones : I 'm always prepared and I mix science with the soul . You do whatever it takes to get that balance . You have to turn all of your drunken dreams into sober realizations . I think I was blessed with the ability to see things and make them happen before everybody else saw them -- whether it 's with Oprah or Michael or Will Smith , who I also discovered  for the television program "  The Fresh Prince of Bel Air "  . You have to believe and trust yourself . CNN : You have achieved remarkable success , yet you are very humble . What will your legacy be ? Quincy Jones : I hope that on my tombstone it says "  Born 1933 , died 2043 " . I hope that 's my legacy .	Musician , composer and record producer Quincy Jones grew up in Seattle "  Seattle is like a global gumbo , a melting pot with all kinds of people , " he says Of his work with Michael Jackson , he says : "  We went all the way to his soul " "  You have to turn all of your drunken dreams into sober realizations " , says Jones
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- They are an exclusive group of globe-trotting Internet investors , startup founders and tech junkies . Or you can just call them "  Geeks on a Plane . " The "  Geeks on a Plane " project  yes , that 's really what it 's called  , is an invite-only tour for startups , investors and executives to learn about burgeoning technology markets worldwide . Organized by 500 Startups , a Silcon Valley firm that helps fund emerging tech companies , the tour brought 42 tech insiders last week to Sao Paolo , Brazil . "  We are trying to understand what innovations are happening here ... and what role investment or partnership with Brazilian companies can play in this blossoming of the Brazilian economy , " Evan Henshaw-Plath , the pony-tailed founder of startup Cubox , said upon arriving at the group 's swank downtown hotel . The tech sector in the world 's sixth-largest economy is abuzz , prompting venture capital funds to invest in local startups and luring foreign firms to its growing market . Brazil now boasts the second highest number of Facebook users after the United States , and local tech industry leaders are fond of pointing out that Instagram co-founder Mike Krieger is from Brazil . "  It 's the hottest place in South America . As we come here we 're learning more and more that enforces that belief , " said Tim Falls of Sendgrid , a Colorado-based tech company that 's interested in expanding to Brazil . The traveling geeks spent the week networking , attending conferences and visiting local firms such as Predicta , a company founded in 2000 that specializes in online marketing . Predicta 's co-founders told their visitors about potential pitfalls in the Brazilian tech sector , like a shortage of skilled programmers and employee benefits that can inflate salaries by 120 % . But they also hammered home the country 's selling points . "  Brazil has a very stable economy , " Predicta President Marcelo Marzola said . "  Also , Brazilians are a very creative people by nature , so we 're able to make a lot of creative stuff . " The main attraction for investors , however , is a booming consumer market . Brazilians already spend $ 13 billion a year online , with only 40 % of the population regularly connected to the Internet -- a figure that seems poised to grow . There are n't any official figures , but tech sector experts here say the number of startups has tripled in the past three years . Global venture capital funds are taking notice . "  We made five or six investments in Brazil over the last nine months , " said 500 Startups co-founder Dave McClure . "  So we 're looking at expanding that and doing more in Brazil . " Other visiting entrepreneurs are interested in opening offices here . E-commerce website Etsy , which specializes in selling handmade crafts , was impressed by the size of the market , but put off by the bureaucracy and costs . "  I 'm interested , ; I 'm convinced . But I 'm not convinced that it 's the next easiest place , " said Etsy CTO Kellan Elliott-Mcrea . The visit was n't all work and no play . The itinerary included a day trip to a water treatment plant to get a closeup look at reverse osmosis . The Brazil tour was the latest in a series of Geeks on a Plane trips that have brought tech execs and investors to India , China , Japan and other countries . Future tours are planned for Eastern Europe and the Middle East .	A group of 42 Internet investors and startup founders recently toured Brazil Geeks on a Plane helps partner Silicon Valley with the international tech sector Trips are also planned to Eastern Europe and the Middle East
CNN  -- A Rutgers University football player remained in intensive care Monday after suffering a spinal cord injury while making a tackle in the fourth quarter of a game against Army on Saturday . Junior defensive tackle Eric LeGrand has no movement below his neck due to the injury at the C3 and C4 level of the spinal cord , according to a statement from the university 's athletics department . Doctors at Hackensack University Medical Center performed emergency surgery on LeGrand overnight Saturday to stabilize his injured spine , the university said , but hospital officials declined to comment Monday about LeGrand 's injury or condition , citing patient privacy laws . Generally , the higher up on the spine an injury occurs , the more the nervous system is affected . LeGrand 's injury occurred in the middle of the neck . Doctors said Monday that with many spinal cord injuries , the first 72 hours after surgery give a good indication of how much function a patient may recover . "  Eric is in good spirits , and we are praying for a full recovery , " LeGrand 's family said in statement . The Scarlet Knights ' head football coach , Greg Schiano , affirmed the family 's optimism . "  Eric , his family and the Rutgers Football family believe he will recover , " Schiano said . "  We ask our fans and the entire Rutgers community to believe and pray for Eric as he begins the recovery process . " One of those fans praying for LeGrand is former Penn State University football player Adam Taliaferro . Ten years ago , Taliaferro made a tackle in a game against Ohio State that would alter the course of his life . "  Unfortunately , I had my head down a little bit , " Taliaferro said , recalling the hit that shattered his C5 vertebrate -- slightly lower on the spinal cord than LeGrand 's injury . "  I went to roll over to get up , and nothing happened . I said , ` Doc , I ca n't move . ' " After his injury , Taliaferro says , he was mentally in shock . His family and teammates helped him stay positive , but his doctors were cautious . They never told him he would n't walk again , but they never said he would , either . "  They do n't want to give you false hope , but I was under the impression that said , ` Hey , I am going to get through this thing , ' " Taliaferro said . The weeks went by -- no movement . Until finally , five weeks after his injury , Taliaferro wiggled a toe . "  When I got that movement , that 's when I really started to believe that I was going to walk again , " he said . Four months later , Taliaferro took his first steps . Today , a decade later , he says he walks "  pretty normally " and works out routinely to maintain the movement he has recovered . He says the benefit of being a football player aided his recovery . "  You 're used to working hard . You 're in the best shape of your life , " he said . On Sunday , Taliaferro watched the footage of LeGrand 's injury sustained as he made an open field tackle on a punt return . Immediately after the collision , LeGrand is seen on his back with his legs sticking straight out at a 45-degree angle , unmoving except for a shake of his head . "  I watched him moving his head , and like myself , he was probably trying to get up , " Taliaferro said . "  I certainly 100 percent understand what he was going through laying there . " Last season , as a backup defensive tackle , LeGrand played in all 13 games , according to the Scarlet Knights online roster . In 2008 , LeGrand played his first collegiate game against North Carolina . At Colonia High School in New Jersey , LeGrand was a starter on his high school football team .	Eric LeGrand has no movement below his neck Doctors performed emergency surgery overnight Saturday His family is praying for a full recovery
CNN  -- Think of Baghdad and for most people what comes to mind is a city of damaged buildings and concrete checkpoints . This is what Caecilia Pieri expected the first time she visited the Iraqi capital just months after the American-led invasion in 2003 . Baghdad has a history dating back to ancient Mesopotamia and was later one of Islam 's great capitals . But Saddam Hussein 's closed regime left the modern city unknown to the outside world . "  I had no idea what to expect , but had heard that the modern city had nothing to offer , " said Pieri . She was astonished to find a city that she fell in love with . And , surprisingly , what most enthralled her was Baghdad 's 20th century architecture , including buildings commissioned by Saddam . "  Despite the dust and the traces of looting , despite the U.S. Army and the disorder , I fell in love with the modern city , " said Pieri , now head of the Urban Observatory at the French Institute of the Near-East in Beirut . "  I discovered the garden city , the beautiful architecture , the lovely houses with central courtyards and roof terraces , the people who were welcoming to foreigners . "  In the 20th century , Baghdad managed to mix traditional features , methods of building and details of decor with modernity . "  Brickwork has been used in Iraq for 5,000 years , and gives features that you do n't see in Syria or Lebanon . " Pieri was so captivated that she wrote a PhD on the 20th century architecture of Baghdad and later a book called "  Baghdad Arts Deco , " published last year . The architectural boom continued under the dictatorship of Saddam , who ruled from 1979 until he was removed by the invasion in 2003 , said Pieri . Also on Inside the Middle East : Saudi Women : Pampered or oppressed ? "  Of course there was great architecture built under Saddam Hussein , " she said . "  He was really fond of architecture , and I could even say that it 's a cliche that many dictators were ... see what Mussolini or Hitler commissioned . "  But he was not very consistent in his choices . He happened to commission either great works by great architects , or very kitsch architecture by others . " Great architecture of Saddam 's regime includes the Baghdad Mayoralty by Hisham Munir and the Ministry of Finance by Qahtan Madfai , both from the 1980s , according to Pieri . "  Among the kitsch ones are the horrible Monument for the Unknown Soldier , by the Italian Marcello d'Olivo  1982  and the sadly famous Arch of Victory  1983  by Khalid ar-Rahal and Mohammed Ghani , " she adds . Hisham Ashkouri , a Baghdad-born architect who now works in the United States , said , "  Baghdad is a beautiful city with an incredible history , it 's one of the nicest cities anywhere . " Ashkouri , who worked with Hisham Munir , designer of the Baghdad Mayoralty , in Iraq before moving to the United States , added , "  There are some historic homes from the Ottoman era that need to be preserved . We should also open our minds to the 20th and 21st century architecture . There was some incredible work in the 1950s . " As well as being attractive , the buildings were ahead of their time in terms of the environment : Sustainable and suitable for the climate with their thick walls , says Pieri . The city she speaks of is a world away from that seen by most people on television news reports . "  The images on TV focus on events and usually bad events , so they do n't have the time to give an insight into the background landscape , " she said . Since that first visit in 2003 , however , Pieri has witnessed a decline that has seen the city divided by concrete walls , blocks and checkpoints . Also on Inside the Middle East : ` Victims of injustice ' in post-revolution Egypt speak out "  Because of the sectarian violence , a decision was taken to divide the city into separate zones . It 's frozen the conflict but has n't brought any fundamental solutions . "  Now when you drive down a main road , you see concrete walls or blocks blocking off the side streets , " she said . Other problems the city faces include empty buildings being taken over without regulation ; once attractive brick buildings being patched up with concrete and metal and courtyard gardens being built on . "  There are no regulations , so many of the central areas are being transformed into second rate commercial buildings . In some residential neighborhoods , many of the buildings were left empty or went to people who could n't afford to maintain them properly or transformed the gardens into warehouses , " Pieri said . And then there 's the dust . Also on Inside the Middle East : Gaza music students find smart ways around travel ban "  Saddam Hussein cut down many palm trees , both in the city and in the desert , " said Pieri . "  Now the dust from the desert is really attacking the buildings . It makes them look more dilapidated now than  they  did during the war . " There are signs of hope for the future though . There have been programs to re-plant palm trees and the Baghdad Mayoralty held a conference , which discussed preserving the city 's heritage , according to Pieri . "  There 's the beginning of a wider awareness that  Baghdad 's  modern heritage is to be preserved , " she added . "  People are becoming more and more aware that they have something very special in front of their eyes . " After the invasion , Ashkouri 's company ARCADD announced plans for a privately funded $ 13 billion Baghdad Renaissance Plan for a new central business district with easy pedestrian access to the historic center and waterfront . However , the plan remains on hold because of security concerns . "  If it 's the last day of my life I will do it , but it would be a terrible mistake to start now because of the violence in the city . The city requires a lot of reconstruction of the sewers , the water , the roads , the electricity systems . That needs to be the first step , " said Ashkouri . "  There are efforts to rebuild the city which is remarkable in light of the security situation . "	20th century architecture and traditional styles produce an attractive low-rise city Some great buildings -- and some bad ones -- were erected under Saddam Hussein Concrete barricades , dust and neglect have damaged the architecture in recent years
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court can seem a distant , dusty place , far removed from what young people , especially , see as relevant in their lives . It 's an institution closed to cameras , with justices issuing dense written opinions while working mostly from their private chambers . So how do you get high schoolers interested in the important judicial stakes that affect everyone ? Attorney Josh Blackman has found a way , using digital technology to give students the power to pick high court winners and losers through an interactive hands-on nationwide competition . Through his FantasyScotus.org website , Blackman created a nationwide teaching tool involving 200 classes around the country , and growing . Using a fantasy league concept popular with sporting events , Blackman organized a web-based game where students analyze current high-profile cases , then predict the outcomes . Points are awarded , and winners get bragging rights , badges of honor and Internet recognition . "  It 's not dry history , these cases are live , they 're new , " Blackman told CNN . "  The big thing is they have n't been decided . High school students in the past have been told to accept the law , but here they can participate and have a stake in the outcome , by making predictions . " The 26-year-old Staten Island , New York , native created the lesson plans in his spare time , with the help of a few friends . He works as a law clerk for a federal judge in western Pennsylvania and hopes to be a law professor one day . The year-old project is an offshoot of a larger fantasy league he also created , targeted at adult court aficionados . Blackman explains he did all this initially as a hobby -- "  almost as a joke " -- after a colleague dared him to test his skills at picking the winning side in several big Supreme Court cases in 2009 . "  People around the world play it and seemed to like the original version , but then teachers started calling me , saying they were using it as an educational tool . They said it was too hard to navigate , " said Blackman . "  So we modified things , making it easier to operate , using basic English and a simple points system . " Through his nonprofit Harlan Institute -- named after the first Justice John Marshall Harlan -- Blackman also gathered a teacher advisory network , having volunteer lawyers appear via Skype to various classrooms . A recent "  Teach-A-Thon " found him and other attorneys advising students on court prediction strategy in seven schools -- from Iowa , Michigan , Virginia and elsewhere , even Canada . Among the Supreme Court cases the students are predicting : whether states can ban "  violent " video games from being sold to minors and the free speech rights of an angry anti-gay church group that protests loudly at the private funerals of military personnel killed in wars overseas . Rulings in those appeals are expected next spring . One attractive feature for cash-strapped schools is that the FantasyScotus project is free . Funding comes from private donations , combined with the relatively inexpensive operating costs . Technology also allows volunteer lawyers to advise students without having to leave their offices , through computer video linkups . In addition to enlisting teachers and lawyers , the project is working with iCivics , the education resource founded by retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor . "  It 's been blast , seeing young people connect with the law in a way I never had the opportunity to when I was a kid , " Blackman said . "  They 're looking at the Constitution now not as this dead document , but something they can participate in , where they can try and make a difference . " Technology is music to Scalia 's ears "  It 's a brave new world . " So says Justice Antonin Scalia on the technological changes occurring in his court and in his own life . The 74-year-old jurist revealed his heavy use of an iPod media player and iPad portable tablet computer , for both work and pleasure . Speaking at a recent black-tie dinner sponsored by the conservative Federalist Society , Scalia said his musical tastes tend to opera and classical works , which he proudly noted he downloads himself . Many of his fellow benchmates shun technology , preferring to handwrite the first drafts of their opinions and communicate through formal hand-delivered paper messages . But the senior associate justice says he relies on his computer so much , he "  can hardly write in longhand any more . " And his iPad is filled with the reams of legal briefs he needs to read up on pending and current cases . He can now take his caseload anywhere he says , and does not have to "  schlep the -LSB- written -RSB- briefs around . " But Scalia told the audience another powerful communication device will not soon invade his courtroom : television . As he has said many times before , the justice worries that greater public access to the open sessions where the court conducts oral arguments would not necessarily be a good thing . "  Familiarity breeds contempt , " he said . "  The fact that the court is somewhat removed is a good thing . " C-SPAN and other broadcasters have long pushed to televise the court arguments , with support from several lawmakers . Only audio of the sessions is available , but those recordings are released days after they happen . The public , of course , can attend in person , but seating is limited and requires waiting in line . Scalia admits most of the cases are fairly boring , about such areas of law as bankruptcy and utility taxes . What he worries about are the hot-button cases like abortion and gay rights , where isolated comments by the justices aired by the media could be taken out of context . And one televised event you are not likely to see Scalia attend is the State of the Union , which he compared to "  cheerleading sessions . " As judges , the justices are not supposed to show any favoritism , so they sit there politely in their black robes . "  I do n't know at what point that happened , but it has happened , and now you go and sit there like bumps on a log while applause lines cause one half of the Congress to leap up while -LSB- the other -RSB- causes the other half to leap up , " he said . "  It is a juvenile spectacle . And I resent being called upon to give it dignity . " Sitting in the Federalist Society event at a local Washington hotel was Scalia 's conservative colleague Justice Samuel Alito . He came under some criticism after January 's State of the Union for mouthing the words "  not true " when President Obama slammed the court 's ruling in a controversial campaign finance case . Alito later said he felt "  like the proverbial potted plant " at such occasions and would not be attending in the near future . Scalia was more blunt : "  You just sit there , looking stupid . " For the generally verbose and animated jurist , sitting still for an hour or more at such a gathering may be an exercise he would just as soon avoid . And he does . Shooting with friends So what does Scalia do in his free time ? Take a field trip with the newest justice . He and Elena Kagan , both native New Yorkers , were seen recently at a suburban Washington gun range , according to legal sources . Scalia had invited Kagan , 50 , for an afternoon of target practice soon after she joined the high court . The ideological opposites were spotted skeet shooting , with the more experienced Scalia offering tips on holding the shotgun for the apparent novice . Skeet involves firing at clay targets propelled into the air from various angles . Scalia is a member of the Fairfax Rod and Gun Club , but neither the company nor the court would comment officially on the excursion . Sources close to both justices say Scalia and Kagan have gotten along famously in their first few months together on the bench . The conservative Scalia , those sources say , has warmly embraced his new liberal colleague and fellow Harvard Law School alum . Scalia has been a longtime gun owner and hunter . As a high school student , he was a rifle team member . As he once recalled , "  I used to travel on the subway from Queens to Manhattan with a rifle . Can you imagine doing that now in New York ? I mean , ` There 's a man with a gun ! ' " On a more serious note , Scalia drew criticism after going shotgun hunting in Louisiana with then Vice President Dick Cheney at a time when the court was considering an appeal over access to Cheney 's internal records . Critics called it a conflict of interest and asked him to step down from the case , but he refused . To make things worse for the 2004 private trip , the hunting party did n't get many ducks .	Attorney getting students interested in important cases that affect everyone FantasyScotus.org is a teaching tool involving 200 classes around the country In the game , students analyze current high-profile cases , then predict the outcomes Among cases students are predicting : video game ban , anti-gay church group at funerals
CNN  -- Washingtonians from both sides of the aisle gathered this week to see actor Kevin Spacey in concert , a benefit for the Kevin Spacey Foundation . "  Good evening and welcome to an evening to benefit the Frank Underwood Super PAC , " Spacey joked to the sold-out crowd , with a guest list including Dr. Jill Biden , several members of Congress and business leaders . Underwood is the ruthless politician Spacey plays as the star of "  House of Cards . " During his performance Monday night , at Washington 's Sidney Harman Hall , he threw in Underwood impersonations among his set list , which ranged from Sinatra to "  Piano Man , " and an "  All Night Long " duet with Jeff Goldblum . Yes , that Jeff Goldblum . In between songs , Spacey shared lessons from what he dubbed "  Frank Underwood 's Guide to Philanthropy . " "  Generosity is its own form of power , " he said in his signature Underwoodian Southern drawl . Spacey 's foundation strives to "  send the elevator back down " by training and mentoring emerging artists through scholarships and funding . The actor 's commitment to arts accessibility and paying it forward was front and center throughout the benefit , which raised over $ 700,000 for the foundation . "  The most important thing to me is not a financial or monetary thing . When I 'm in a workshop and I see that kid in the corner who is really shy and wants to be involved but does n't know how , maybe is a little scared . I was that kid , " Spacey said . "  I want that kid ... to have an experience of realizing something about themselves that they did n't know that they were capable of . That 's the moment I live for . " ` House of Cards ' : Season 2 brings more dirty dealing Spacey said that House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , R-California , and Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer of Maryland , both in attendance , were "  instrumental " in developing the role of Frank Underwood , although McCarthy was n't initially willing to work with him . "  When I first asked to meet  McCarthy  , he refused to meet me , " Spacey told reporters after the show . "  Until he found out I was playing a Democrat . " Although both McCarthy and Hoyer came out publicly against the show 's portrayal of Congress , Spacey said , "  You 've got ta thank Frank Underwood for getting both sides of the aisle to agree on something . " Spacey 's next project will use his distinctive voice in a different way , starring alongside Alec Baldwin in Dreamworks ' animated feature "  Boss Baby . " ` House of Cards ' renewed for third season	Crowd at actor Kevin Spacey 's sold-out benefit concert includes members of Congress The event raised over $ 700,000 for the actor 's foundation
CNN  Gary Owens , the veteran voice-over artist with a rich baritone and a career that spanned various entertainment industries , has died . He was 80 . Owens had been a diabetic since he was 8 . He died Thursday surrounded by relatives at his Los Angeles area home , his son Chris Owens said . "  His body just kind of failed . We are grateful that he died so peacefully with all of us present and that he was able to remain vital throughout his life . I would like people to remember how good my father was . It would be hard to count how many times people approached my brother and I to tell us how much they loved working with my dad . " The veteran radio personality had been part of the entertainment industry since his teenage years , and will be remembered for his deep baritone and nuanced comedic timing . Owens was the announcer on "  Laugh-In , " a sketch show starring Dan Rowan and Dick Martin . His list of accolades was not limited to one particular entertainment industry . He hosted syndicated radio shows in a series of markets , and appeared on TV shows such as "  Mad About You , " "  Sabrina , the Teenage Witch , " "  Roseanne " and "  That '70s Show . " Owens was a busy man . He also wrote books and did commercial voice-overs and TV promo spots , his son said . His voice-over work included notable series such as "  America 's Funniest Home Videos " and "  Wonderful World of Disney . " He also appeared in 3,000 cartoons either as a narrator or a superhero , including Space Ghost and Batman , according to his family . "  He always said he was one of the luckiest men because ... he got to achieve everything he dreamed of , " Chris Owens said . "  He got to work with greats like Bob Hope , Neil Simon -- all the great people he admired , including Walt Disney . Even his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is right next to Walt Disney 's . " In 1996 , the South Dakota native was inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame in Washington , and the National Television Hall of Fame five years after that . Owens is survived by his wife , Arleta Owens , and one other son , Scott Owens . People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report	Owens , 80 , died Thursday surrounded by relatives at his Los Angeles area home , his son says "  His body just kind of failed , " his son says
CNN  -- He does n't have an agent . He does n't have a publicist . He does n't even seem to have a fixed address . Yet , in by-the-numbers Hollywood , Bill Murray has turned his unpredictability into an asset . Want to get hold of him ? Call his 800 number . Maybe he 'll get back to you .  Maybe he wo n't . In fact , he probably wo n't .  You almost certainly wo n't find him among the glitterati in Los Angeles , but if you 're at a Charleston , South Carolina , birthday party ; or a house party in Scotland ; or the Salt Lake City airport , you might run into the star . Indeed , there 's an entire website devoted to "  Bill Murray stories . " Such is his impish image that it 's subtitled -- after an alleged Murray quote -- "  No one will ever believe you . "  There 's a Tumblr , too . "  If his three and a half decades in the public sphere have taught us anything about the actor , it 's that he simply does not give a good goddamn , " wrote GQ 's Dan Fierman in a 2010 interview . Does n't he know better ? Does n't he realize he should dress in fashionable clothes and not shorts and Hawaiian shirts ? Does n't he realize that he 's supposed to glide around in limos and Lexi ? Does n't he realize he 's a celebrity , dammit , and celebrities are supposed to be -- arrogant sniff -- special ? Here are more than five reasons why he 's the greatest star going : He does the movies he wants to do . Some movie stars will do anything for a paycheck . Others , like George Clooney , have a code of sorts : "  One  low-budget indie  for me , one  big-budget blockbuster  for them . " Bill Murray 's code is : I 'll do whatever the hell I want . His new film , "  St. Vincent , " lives up to the Murray ethos . It 's an indie film with a rookie writer/director , Theodore Melfi . Murray took the role almost casually after Melfi , a neophyte , left a series of increasingly urgent messages for the performer . His role ? A crusty old man -- a stroke victim -- who befriends a young boy . There 's no rhyme or reason to what makes a Murray movie . He 's become a part of Wes Anderson 's troupe , appearing in "  Rushmore , " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel , " "  Moonrise Kingdom " and "  The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou " in roles large and small . He made an awards bid , playing Franklin D. Roosevelt in "  Hyde Park on Hudson , " and took a small part in an attempted blockbuster , the big-screen version of "  Get Smart . " It 's nothing new for Murray -- in the early '80s , he was uncredited in "  Tootsie , " made the biggest comedy of all time in "  Ghostbusters " and then turned to a pet project , "  The Razor 's Edge . " He 's never looked back . "  I think we 're all sort of imprisoned by -- or at least bound to -- the choices we make , and I think everyone in the acting business wants to make the right choices , " he told Esquire in 2012 . "  You want to say no at the right time and you want to say yes more sparingly . " He works more than people think . It feels like Murray goes years between movies -- and , once upon a time , he did . Except for a small but nice turn in 1986 's "  Little Shop of Horrors , " Murray went four years between "  Razor 's Edge " and "  Scrooged " -- he used the downtime to study at the Sorbonne -- and he made just a handful of films during the early and mid '90s . "  I 've retired a couple of times . It 's great , because you can just say , ` Oh , I 'm sorry . I 'm retired , ' " he told GQ 's Fierman . "  And people will actually believe that you 've retired . There are nutters out there that will go , ` Oh , OK ! ' and then leave you alone . " But since 1998 's "  Wild Things " and "  Rushmore , " there 's been plenty of Murray , including nine projects in 2014-15 alone , according to the Internet Movie Database . He wo n't be pressured into "  Ghostbusters 3 . " Or any comedy , actually . Will Murray pop up in the new "  Ghostbusters , " now being helmed by Paul Feig and starring a number of comic actresses ? Who knows ? In 2010 he was adamant that he was n't going to do it for the  presumably substantial  money . "  It 's the studio that really wants this thing . It 's a franchise . It 's a franchise , and they made a whole lot of money on ` Ghostbusters , ' " he told Fierman . And he 's not so keen on a straight comedy , either . "  I think there 's something that I can bring to a comedy today , but I do n't know where to bring it , " he said in 2012 . "  I know that if I ever feel that I need to make a funny movie , I 'll figure out how to write one . I 'll get it done . If I ever get some ambition , I 'm gon na get some s *** done . " He may look nonchalant , but he takes acting seriously . Perhaps Murray 's most important teacher was improv great Del Close , with whom he worked at Chicago 's Second City . "  He taught people to commit , " he told Esquire . "  Like : ` Do n't walk out there with one hand in your pocket unless there 's somethin' in there you 're going to bring out . ' You got ta commit . You 've got ta go out there and improvise and you 've got ta be completely unafraid to die . You 've got to be able to take a chance to die . And you have to die lots . You have to die all the time . " And he thought he was going to win an Oscar for "  Lost in Translation , " which earned him his only Academy Award nomination . "  The one time I got a bunch of prizes , I just assumed I 'd win them all , " he told GQ . "  Because I 'd been winning them all . I was n't disappointed or anything , but I was surprised . " He 's from a big family and he has a big family . Murray is the fifth child of nine . A number of his siblings are also in show business , including former "  SNL " writer and cast member Brian Doyle-Murray , "  Mad Men " actor Joel Murray and actor-writer John Murray .  A sister , Nancy , is a Dominican nun but also acts ; she put on a one-woman show about St. Catherine of Siena . He 's also a father to a brood of six with two wives , and he takes fatherhood seriously -- and cheekily . While preparing for dinner during the Esquire interview , he told his then 10-year-old son , Lincoln , "  You 're going to have to get dressed nicely . And you need a shower . That 's an order . " His son responded , "  Yes , sir . " He also accompanied son Jackson to a 2013 Clemson-Florida State game in Clemson , which Jackson attends . As a witness reported on Billmurraystory.com , "  As I approached I noticed a young college girl covered in Seminole attire walk over to Murray and hand him an FSU themed football asking if he would sign it . Murray took the football from her , said "  Go Tigers " , PUNTED the football over the road into a big group of bushes , and ran off . It was single-handedly the funniest thing I have ever witnessed ! " He likes hanging out with you .  Well , maybe not you personally , but non-celebrity types . The "  Murricane , " as friend Mitch Glazer calls him , is n't much for security . He told The Associated Press ' Jake Coyle that he generally trusts the public : "  Most people are fine , " he said . The security was n't worth it psychologically . "  From the first time I was ever given a bodyguard , I thought , ` Oh my God , I 'm going to be assassinated . ' It made me think I was going to be shot . So I never liked it . I never liked the sensation of it , " he told Coyle . But the 800 number ? That exists for a reason . "  When the phone started ringing too many times , I had to take it back to what I can handle . I take my chances on a job or a person as opposed to a situation , " he told Esquire . Glazer is often his intermediary -- and , famously , the butt of one of Murray 's favorite jokes . Glazer is married to actress Kelly Lynch , and when Murray sees Lynch 's film "  Road House " on TV , he 'll call Glazer when the Lynch-Patrick Swayze sex scene comes on . "  Bill once called him from Russia , " Lynch told the A.V. Club . And then there 's ... well , you know . Several more reasons why we love Bill Murray : • He crashed an engagement photo shoot . • He did karaoke with complete strangers . • He was busted for an allegedly drunken ride ... in a golf cart . In Stockholm . • He bartended at SXSW . Regardless of what you ordered , you could only get tequila . • He read poetry to construction workers . Perhaps his old friend and "  Groundhog Day " director , Harold Ramis , put it best . Murray is "  all the Marx Brothers rolled into one : He 's got the wit of Groucho , the pantomimic brilliance and lasciviousness of Harpo , and the Everyman quality of Chico . " Do n't ever change , Bill .	Bill Murray has made a career out of unpredictability Actor has crashed photos , popped up in surprising places His movies run the gamut from indie to blockbuster Newest is "  St. Vincent , " in which he plays old man recovering from stroke
One video shows more than 100 prisoners paraded across the desert in their underwear , then lying face down as militants unleash a hailstorm of bullets into their bodies . Other images show crucifixions and public executions in towns overrun by terrorists . And recent footage showing the beheading of a second American journalist proves that ISIS wants the world to know how brutal it can be . The insurgents are experts at using footage of their crimes as propaganda to terrify those who disagree with their radicalism and to threaten foreign leaders . The visuals are as much a part of ISIS ' terrorism as its bloody march across the Iraq and Syria . In the video of American Steven Sotloff 's decapitation , the executioner has a stern warning for the U.S. President : "  I 'm back , Obama , and I 'm back because of your arrogant foreign policy towards the Islamic State , " the man says in the video , released just days after fellow journalist James Foley was beheaded . "  Just as your missiles continue to strike our people , our knife will continue to strike the necks of your people . " Even a 7-year-old child was photographed holding a severed head . The picture was reportedly taken in Raqqa , the ISIS stronghold in Syria , where the boy 's Australian father had taken his family to join the fight . More decapitations Publicized beheadings had actually stopped in years past A decade ago , al Qaeda -- the terror group that spawned ISIS -- made headlines with a series of decapitations , including those of Americans Nicholas Berg and Eugene "  Jack " Armstrong . Top al Qaeda official Ayman al-Zawahiri criticized the gruesome antics , and the decapitations stopped . But al Qaeda has since disowned ISIS , and al-Zawahiri has not condemned Foley 's execution . That means the beheadings could continue . But it 's not just Western captives who fall victim . Last week , a Kurdish man was executed in front of a mosque in Mosul in a video called "  A message written in blood , " notes Charlie Cooper , Middle East researcher at the Quilliam Foundation . But because that message "  was directed at the President of Iraqi Kurdistan , this particular piece of propaganda did not receive widespread coverage in the international media , " Cooper wrote in a piece for CNN.com . "  They have shown their willingness to kill anyone in their path -- not just Americans , not just Westerners , but Iraqis of all faiths , of all sects , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . "  They 've shown their complete barbarism in doing that . " The media 's role Cooper said the media has a responsibility to treat ISIS propaganda carefully . "  Every time a still or clip from an ISIS video is shown , the group gets what it wants : the oxygen of publicity , " he wrote . "  Of course , it is necessary that people the world over are aware of the atrocities occurring at the hands of ISIS , but journalists must be careful not to do the jihadists ' job for them . " The decision on whether to publicize parts of the recent beheading videos have even divided journalists . International broadcaster Al Jazeera said it had decided not to show any images of Sotloff from the video -- a more conservative position than other TV networks . "  We suggest all media do the same , " Al Jazeera 's public relations account said via Twitter , using the hashtag #ISISmediaBlackout . And while the video has been blocked from various video sharing platforms , they have also reappeared as many times , Quilliam senior researcher Erin Marie Saltman wrote . She said that kind of trend "  once again emphasizes that the new frontline for counter-terrorist practitioners is online extremism . " Glossy recruitment tools Part of the problem is the radicals are extremely tech - and media savvy . "  We are way behind . They are far superior and advanced than we are when it comes to new media technologies , social media , when it comes to video production qualities , and in disseminating their propaganda over the Internet , " said Maajid Nawaz , a former jihadi and author of "  Radical : My Journey out of Islamist Extremism . " Some videos used by the terrorists rival the production quality of Hollywood films . One hourlong video shows a collection of bombings , executions , kidnappings and beheadings . As one roadside bomb blasts a vehicle into the sky , two men in the background of the video chuckle . The recruitment tactics can be both blatant and subtle . For about $ 10 , supporters can buy a shirt with ISIS ' logo and phrases such as , "  We are all ISIS " and "  Fight for Freedom , Until the Last Drop of Blood . " And it may be no accident that a militant with a British accent fronted the video of Foley 's death . That kind of tactic could inspire more foreign jihadists , a former ISIS fighter told CNN . "  It is possible that the goal was to project the image that a European , or a Western person , executed an American so that they can showcase their Western members and appeal to others outside Syria and make them feel that they belong to the same cause . " MAPS : Where do jihadis come from ?	ISIS militants are getting increasingly tech - and media savvy Some of their videos rival Hollywood features in production quality Beheadings by ISIS have increased after al Qaeda disowned the group "  Our knife will continue to strike the necks of your people , " a militant warns Obama
Washington  CNN  -- Living in a public park as a means of protest is not protected by the First Amendment , a federal judge said Tuesday in rejecting an Occupy DC demonstrator 's request to keep park police from enforcing a ban on camping . Dane Charles Primarano sought a temporary restraining order prohibiting the National Park Service and its police department from taking action against protesters found sleeping in or in possession of camping gear in Washington 's McPherson Park and Freedom Square . Primarano , who represented himself , argued that camping at the park is a form of constitutionally protected free speech . Judge James Boasberg disagreed , saying it is a matter of public policy , not constitutional law . The setback for protesters came on the first full day of the camping ban enforced by U.S. Park Police . Authorities told protesters Monday that they had to remove camping gear such as sleeping bags and housekeeping materials but could keep their tents so long as one flap remains open at all times . Protesters said Tuesday that police had told them they had "  a few hours " to remove a large blue tarp they had draped over a statue of the park 's namesake , Civil War Gen. James B. McPherson . Protesters have dubbed the tarp , covered with stars , the "  tent of dreams . " They decided later to let police decide what to do with the tarp . Authorities did not immediately remove it . Separately , a man attempted to tear the tarp down . He was stopped by protesters . Another man , or perhaps the same man , later cut some of the ropes holding up the tarp . He was removed by police . The tarp remained up . Protesters who had struggled to stay awake overnight vowed to stay strong early Tuesday . "  I had more fun in the park last night than the whole time I 've been here , " said demonstrator Amanda Rickard . "  We were out here playing guitar , singing , playing drums , Scrabble , card games , you know , just stuff to keep us busy so we can stay here and stay awake . " But one protester said he would n't be surprised if the mandate against camping gear and sleeping in the park takes its toll on protesters . "  To be honest , I do n't know how long we can keep this up , " Kevin Wiley said after a sleepless night . It was clear protesters did not like the rules . "  No justice , no sleep , " one protester scrawled on a tent . Another sign , written in white paint on a blue tarp , said : "  Evicted from home by the banks . Evicted from the tent by the police . 99 % has no safe place to rest . " But Wiley said they were trying to abide by the rules to "  show we are law-abiding citizens . " "  We 're not out here just trying to have a good time . We are out here for a political message , " he said . Protesters had made arrangements to sleep off-site in shifts , said Rickard , who acknowledged nodding off for about 10 minutes overnight . In another court hearing Tuesday on a case brought by Occupy DC protesters , Boasberg said he would rule within two days on a request that park officials be prohibited from seizing tents and other property without evidence of a crime , an emergency or a warrant . Occupy DC is part of a larger activist surge that began last year in New York and quickly spread across the country . While the protesters have highlighted a number of causes , the overarching theme has remained largely the same : populist anger over what activists portray as an out-of-touch corporate , financial and political elite . On Monday , City Hall in Oakland , California , reopened after a violent weekend clash between police and protesters that resulted in about 400 arrests . Authorities said protesters broke into the building and committed acts of vandalism inside . Police in Charlotte , North Carolina , also dismantled several tents at an Occupy camp there . "  We 're doing the right thing , peacefully and quietly , " protester Malachi Vinson told CNN affiliate WCNC . "  We 're expressing ourselves in a better way than anyone else would . " CNN 's Athena Jones , Joe Sutton , Courtney Battle , Paul Courson , Brian Todd , Dugald McConnell and Stacey Samuels contributed to this report .	A man attempts to tear down the "  tent of dreams " tarp ; protesters stop him A federal judge denies a restraining order on the camping ban Washington protesters vow to stay strong despite a sleepless night Over the weekend , protesters and police also clashed in Oakland , California
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton was in the White House on multiple occasions when her husband had sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky , according to newly released documents . The National Archives released 11,000 pages of Hillary Clinton 's schedule as first lady . The National Archives on Wednesday released more than 11,000 pages of Clinton 's schedule when she was first lady . Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign pushed for the documents ' release , arguing that their review is necessary to make a full evaluation of Clinton 's experience as first lady . But the documents also provide a glimpse into Clinton 's life during her husband 's publicized affair . The scandal involving former president Bill Clinton and Lewinsky , first broke in the national media on January 21 , 1998 . According to the documents , Hillary Clinton started that day at a private meeting in the White House . She later made an appearance at a college in Baltimore , Maryland , and stayed there until late in the afternoon before returning to the White House for a black-tie dinner . Watch where Hillary Clinton was during the scandal " The schedules reveal where Clinton was , but provide no indication of how she dealt with the controversy . Carl Bernstein , who wrote a biography of Hillary Clinton , said there was much more going on behind the scenes . "  She was on the telephone with her aides , she was trying to learn more about what the press was doing , she did not want to give the impression of a firestorm that was raging outside , " he said . On the day her husband made his first public admission -- August 16 , 1998 -- she was on a trip to Martha 's Vineyard . She had no public schedule for the days that followed . And on December 19 , 1998 -- the day the House voted to impeach her husband -- the calendar shows a holiday party . A dance between the president and first lady is listed as "  optional . " The papers show Hillary Clinton had no public schedule on the day independent counsel Kenneth Starr was appointed to investigate Bill Clinton 's affair with Monica Lewinsky , or on the day Bill Clinton was deposed in the case . On the day the affair began -- November 15 , 1995 , according to Starr 's report -- Hillary Clinton had a private meeting and a meet-and-greet with then-Vice President Al Gore and Nobel Prize winners . Lewinsky said she and the president had an encounter in the bathroom outside the Oval Office study on January 7 , 1996 . This is the same day the president and his wife had a small dinner gathering at the White House , according to the documents . The president and Lewinsky also had a sexual encounter on February 4 , 1996 , according to Lewinsky . On this day , the president and Hillary Clinton went to the National Governors Association annual dinner . Hillary Clinton kept up a busy schedule as the affair spiraled into impeachment . Thousands of pages are marked by redactions -- blacked-out information like the names of people who attended meetings . "  This is not about someone who is eager to shine a light on her full record . That 's the point . And at the same time , some of this is understandable -- when you 're running for office , the slightest thing can be misinterpreted , " Bernstein said . But the schedules also show her involvement in policy -- she dove into health care reform just three days after her husband 's inauguration in 1993 , and dozens of related events followed . Despite her efforts , the Clinton health care reform foundered in Congress . Tom Fitton , president of Judicial Watch , said the trove of documents "  shows she was a co-president , " revealing an "  extraordinary extent of meetings for an unelected official to be meeting with cabinet officials . " The documents cover nearly 2,900 days . An additional 27 days will be posted in the near future , the archives said . The documents are among those at the center of a legal battle between the archives and Judicial Watch , a conservative public interest group that has long urged a speedier release of files from the Clinton White House years . In a court motion this month , the archives promised to release the schedules by the end of the month but said it will need "  one to two years " to process remaining documents , including more than 20,000 pages of call logs -- well after the November 4 presidential election . A Clinton spokesman said the lawsuit had nothing to do with the release , and the Clinton team had nothing to do with the redactions . A key aide to the Clintons actually fought to un-redact some parts , the spokesman said . According to the archives statement , 4,746 of the schedules have redactions that largely relate to privacy concerns including Social Security and telephone numbers and home addresses . "  We 'll look them over , and may ask the court for relief if it looks like something important is missing , " Fitton said of the redacted information . He said Judicial Watch continues to demand phone logs from Clinton 's time in the White House . The documents are from the files of Patti Solis Doyle , director of Clinton 's scheduling as first lady , the archives said in a statement . Doyle stepped down as Clinton 's presidential campaign manager in February after a string of poor showings in primaries . "  Arranged chronologically , these records document in detail the activities of the first lady , including meetings , trips , speaking engagements and social activities for the eight years of the Clinton administration , " the archives said . The records were simultaneously released on CD-ROM at the William J. Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock , Arkansas , and at the archives in Washington . The documents are also available for view on the Clinton Library 's Web site . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alexander Mooney and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	Documents shed light on Clinton 's schedule during affair and resulting scandal Papers also document her involvement in policy , specifically health care reform More than 11,000 documents cover nearly 2,900 days
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Filipino film "  Himala " has been awarded the CNN APSA Viewers Choice Award for Best Asia-Pacific Film of all Time . "  The Screening Room " presenter Myleene Klass arrives at the Asia Pacific Screen Awards in Queensland , Australia . Thousands of CNN viewers voted on "  The Screening Room " Web site to honor Ishmael Bernal 's 1982 film with the accolade , which is jointly awarded by CNN and the region 's prestigious Asia Pacific Screen Awards  APSA  . "  The Screening Room 's " Myleene Klass presented the award Tuesday in front of a crowd of over 700 film industry figures at a special ceremony on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia . Bernal 's austere tale of a young woman who goes on a healing crusade after seeing a vision of the Virgin Mary , which stars Filipino actress Nora Aunor , took the prize with 32 percent of the vote . It came in ahead of ahead of more widely known films like Japanese Akira Kurosawa 's "  Shichinin no samurai "  "  Seven Samurai "  , which took second place and "  Wo hu cang long "  "  Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon "  by Taiwan 's Ang Lee , which snared third . Other films in the shortlist included Chan-wook Park 's "  Oldboy " from South Korea and Japanese animation master Hayao Miyazaki 's animated film "  Sen to Chihiro no Kamikakushi "  "  Spirited Away "  . "  Whatever the reason , I do feel we deserve this award , " said "  Himala " producer Bibsy Carballo , "  If only as a tribute to our people who in once a great while decide to come together as one , forget their petty squabbles and divisiveness , and make a declaration of support for this troubled nation , and its tremendously talented and good-hearted if unfortunate population . Long live ` Himala ! ' " When it was first released in 1982 , "  Himala " was picked for the official selection at Berlin International Film Festival , as well as a number of other festivals , and Nora Aunor was nominated for Best Actress . A total of 32 films representing 17 countries from Kazakhstan to Korea and the Islamic Republic of Iran to India were finalists at this year 's Asia Pacific Screen Awards . Kazakh picture "  Tulpan , " by director Sergei Dvortsevoy , which tells the story of a family of sheep and goat herders , took home the main feature prize . Other winners included Israeli director Ari Folman 's animated feature "  Waltz with Bashir , " which took Best Animated Feature . Best Documentary was given to South Korea 's "  63 Years On " by Dong-won Kim and Achievement in Directing was awarded to Turkish filmmaker Nuri Bilge Ceylan for " Üç maymun "  "  Three Monkeys "  . The 2008 APSA International jury which presided over the shortlisted films was led by veteran Australian director , Bruce Beresford known for films like "  Driving Miss Daisy . " Asia Pacific Screen Awards Chairman Des Power said : "  There is a growing fascination and respect for films from this diverse region . "  It is a tribute to the filmmakers that they now have a globally recognised award and the broadcast reach of CNN International to promote their work . " Watch "  The Screening Room 's " Asia Pacific Screen Awards show at the following times : Wednesday 26 November : 0930 , 1830 , Saturday 29 November : 0830 , 1900 , Sunday 30 November : 1730 , 1830 , Monday 1 December : 0400  all times GMT	Filipino film , "  Himala " wins CNN Asia Pacific Screen Awards Viewers Choice Award Ishmael Bernal 's film beat Akira Kurosawa 's "  Seven Samurai " to the top prize CNN "  The Screening Room 's " presenter Myleene Klass awarded the accolade
CNN  -- Rivers are the arteries of our infrastructure . Flowing from highlands to the sea , they breathe life into ecosystems and communities . A levee breach in the Sacramento-San Joaquin River System could have dire effects , a new report says . But many rivers in the United States are in trouble . Rivers in Alaska , California and the South are among the 10 most endangered , according to a report released Tuesday by American Rivers , a leading river conservation group . The annual report uses data from thousands of rivers groups , local governments , environmental organizations and citizen watchdogs to identify waterways under imminent threat by dams , industry or development . "  Our nation is at a transformational moment when it comes to rivers and clean water , " said Rebecca Wodder , president of American Rivers . "  Water is life , yet our nation 's water infrastructure is so outdated that our clean drinking water , flood protection and river health face unprecedented threats . " American Rivers has released its annual endangered rivers report since 1986 . The report is not a list of the nation 's most polluted waterways , but highlights 10 rivers facing decisions in the coming year that could determine their future . Here is American Rivers ' Most Endangered Rivers list for 2009 : 1  Sacramento-San Joaquin River System Location : California Outdated water and flood management puts California 's largest watershed at the top of America 's most endangered rivers list for 2009 . A recent breach in the delta 's 1,100-mile levee system could have dire effects on surrounding ecosystems , farming and agriculture , commercial fishing and California 's civil infrastructure . State and federal authorities are looking at alternative water-management strategies for the river system , which serves 25 million Californians and more than 5 million acres of farmland . 2  Flint River Location : Georgia The Flint is one of 40 rivers nationwide that still flow undammed for more than 200 miles . Conservationists say that dams proposed by Georgia lawmakers would bury more than 50 river miles , destroy fishing and boating opportunities and cost taxpayers millions of dollars . The American Rivers group believes that fixing the state 's leaky pipes , using water meters and minimizing water waste would be a cheaper and more cost-effective alternative . 3  Lower Snake River Location : Idaho , Washington , Oregon The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has built four dams to irrigate and generate energy for the Northwest , but these dams also prevent salmon and steelhead trout from reaching their spawning areas . Every year , those dams kill as many as 90 percent of juvenile salmon and steelhead trout that migrate downstream to the ocean . Conservationists say that removing the dams would eliminate a growing flood threat in Lewiston , Idaho , and create an opportunity to modernize the region 's transportation and energy systems . 4  Mattawoman Creek Location : Maryland A highway development project here jeopardizes one of the Chesapeake Bay 's few remaining healthy streams . The project threatens clean water sources , thousands of acres of forests and wetlands , and an internationally-renowned , multimillion-dollar largemouth bass fishery . 5  North Fork of the Flathead River Location : Montana A proposed coal-mining project across the Canadian border puts Montana 's North Fork of the Flathead River in jeopardy . An estimated 50,000 acres of the Flathead headwaters could be transformed into an industrial gas field . The projects threaten the river 's clean water , local agriculture , fish and wildlife and recreational industries such as rafting , camping , fishing and boating . American Rivers and its partners have called on local Canadian governments and the U.S. State Department to work together to halt these projects . 6  Saluda River Location : South Carolina Excess levels of sewage waste threaten the drinking water of more than 500,000 South Carolina residents , conservationists say . Sewage in the river increases phosphorous and algae levels , depletes oxygen , and kills fish and other aquatic life . American Rivers is asking the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control to improve sewage-treatment standards and ensure the river reduces its phosphorous levels by 25 to 50 percent . 7  Laurel Hill Creek Location : Pennsylvania Known for its fishing , swimming and kayaking , this popular vacation spot faces threats from a bottling plant and tourism-related development . Without adequate planning and safeguards , withdrawals will continue to exceed the creek 's reasonable capacity , putting recreation , the local water supply , and fish and wildlife in jeopardy . 8  Beaver Creek Location : Alaska One of the nation 's last wild rivers faces extinction if an oil - and gas-development project constructs 600 miles of roads and pipelines , airstrips , drilling pads , and gravel mines along the creek . Alaska native communities depend on the area for subsistence hunting and fishing . It 's also a popular destination for anglers , boaters , skiers and hunters . 9  Pascagoula River Location : Mississippi The U.S. Department of Energy wants to hollow out natural salt domes 30 miles northwest of the Pascagoula to create a storage area for up to 160 million barrels of oil . A pipeline 330 miles in length would be constructed to withdraw water from the Pascagoula to dissolve the salt domes and distribute oil to and from the site . The DOE predicts 18 oil spills and 75 spills of salty , polluted water during the construction and initial fill of the hollowed domes , damaging rivers , streams , and wetlands in the basin , conservationists say . 10  Lower St. Croix National Scenic Riverway Location : Minnesota , Wisconsin Rezoning of a 26-mile stretch of the river 's state-protected section would allow for the construction of a major development on the riverfront . American Rivers believes the development could lead to land erosion along the river and more storm run-off while harming the region 's biodiversity . "  Being named as one of America 's most endangered rivers is not an end for the river , but rather a beginning , " said Wodder . Through the collaborative efforts of citizens and local , state and national governments , a number of waterways from past American Rivers ' endangered lists have been preserved . "  With the listing comes a national spotlight and action from thousands of citizens across the country , " Wodder said . "  These 10 rivers have a chance to be reborn and to serve as models for other rivers all across America . "	Report : Rivers in Alaska , California and Georgia are among the 10 most endangered Report released Tuesday by American Rivers , a leading river-conservation group Waterways from past American Rivers ' endangered lists have been preserved
London , England  CNN  -- The officer in charge of the British nuclear submarine that ran aground in October has been removed from command , the Ministry of Defence said Saturday . Andrew Coles had been commanding officer of HMS Astute , which the United Kingdom calls its most powerful attack submarine . "  Commander Coles will continue to serve in the Royal Navy and he will be reappointed to a post where his talents and experience can be used to best effect , " a ministry statement said . "  A new commanding officer will be appointed as soon as possible . " The HMS Astute ran aground off the Isle of Skye , in northern Scotland , while doing sea trials . Its nuclear propulsion system was not damaged in the incident and its reactor was declared safe , with no environmental impact , the ministry said . It was eventually pulled free and escorted back to port . The submarine can carry a mix of as many as 38 Spearfish heavyweight torpedoes and Tomahawk land-attack cruise missiles , according to the ministry .	Cmdr. Andrew Coles had been in charge of HMS Astute The submarine ran aground off Scotland in October The Ministry of Defence says he will be reappointed within the navy
With a congressional hearing set for week 's end , President Obama vowed Monday to hold the Internal Revenue Service accountable if reports of political targeting turn out to be true . "  If in fact IRS personnel engaged in the kind of practices that have been reported on and were intentionally targeting conservative groups , then that 's outrageous . And there 's no place for it , " Obama told reporters . "  And they have to be held fully accountable . Because the IRS as an independent agency requires absolute integrity , and people have to have confidence that they 're ... applying the laws in a nonpartisan way . " Documents set to be released this week by the IRS watchdog show that the agency targeted tea party organizations and other groups focused on government spending and the federal debt that were seeking tax-exempt status . The IRS also applied extra scrutiny to applicants with statements that "  criticize how the country is run " or that sought to educate the public on how to "  make America a better place to live , " designations that would have included conservative political groups looking to apply for 501  c   4  status . Those disclosures are included in the appendix of an inspector general 's report , obtained by CNN , that has caused widespread anger among lawmakers on both sides of the aisle as well as conservative groups . CNNMoney : What 's behind the IRS flap An IRS official admitted Friday that the agency made "  mistakes " in the past few years with tax-exempt status applications submitted by groups with the words "  tea party " or "  patriot " in their names . Multiple conservative groups have said their applications were delayed and returned with lengthy requests for supporting materials , sometimes including website printouts and lists of guest speakers . Obama said he learned of the allegations through news reports on Friday and did n't want to comment on any findings by the Treasury Department inspector-general that oversees the IRS -- but if true , he said , "  It is contrary to our traditions , and people have to be held accountable , and it 's got to be fixed . "  So we 'll wait and see what exactly all the details and the facts are , " he said . "  But I 've got no patience with it , I will not tolerate it , and I will make sure that we find out exactly what happened on this . " IRS chief to face Congress on Friday The Republican-led House Ways and Means Committee , which oversees the IRS , announced it would hold a hearing on the allegations Friday morning . Slated to testify are Steve Miller , the acting IRS commissioner ; and the Treasury inspector-general investigating the complaints , J. Russell George . Michigan Rep. Dave Camp , the committee 's Republican chairman , said the disclosure by the IRS "  is both astounding and appalling . " "  The Committee on Ways and Means will get to the bottom of this practice and ensure it never takes place again , " Camp said in a statement announcing the hearings . Rep. Sander Levin , the panel 's ranking Democrat , added that "  a thorough and bipartisan investigation and effective remedial action " was essential . And in the Senate , Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus called for a full investigation as well . "  We need to know who knew what , and exactly what mistakes were made , " said Baucus , D-Montana . "  The American people have questions for the IRS and I intend to get answers . " IRS officials knew of agents ' tea party targeting in 2011 In 2010 , Baucus called on the IRS to look into whether some groups were abusing their tax-exempt status by making politics their primary activity . Sen. Orrin Hatch , the committee 's top Republican , wrote a letter to Baucus calling for an immediate hearing . "  Bipartisanship on this issue is critical since both Democrats and Republicans have expressed considerable interest in these matters over the past couple of years , " Hatch wrote . "  As the sole committee of jurisdiction over the IRS , it is critical that Finance Committee play a leadership role in examining this issue . " Flood of tax-exempt claims followed court ruling The applications in question were processed by an office in Cincinnati that handles most applications for 501  c   4  status and had seen the number of applications rise sharply beginning in 2010 , the year of the Supreme Court 's Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission ruling , which blessed unlimited campaign spending by corporations . Tax-exempt groups became a popular channel for the new wave of political spending . Marcus Owens , the former director of the IRS division under fire , said the IRS receives about 60,000 applications for tax-exempt status every year . Most of them are from civic groups like parent-teacher associations , scout troops or sports leagues , and they 're quickly approved . But Owens said organizations seeking tax exemptions that appear to be involved in politics should get a closer look from the IRS based on their actions -- "  but not by name , like they were here , which was a mistake . " The inspector-general 's report indicated the agency 's practice of singling out conservative groups began as early as March 2010 , and in July of that year , unidentified managers within the agency "  requested its specialists to be on the lookout for tea party applications . " In August , specialists were warned to be on the lookout for "  various local organizations in the tea party movement " applying for tax-exempt status . Timeline : IRS wrestled with which groups to scrutinize In June 2011 , a briefing paper noted that groups focused on government spending and debt , as well as organizations criticizing how the government was being run , were also singled out for extra inspection . Officials at the Internal Revenue Service knew in June 2011 that their agents were targeting conservative groups for additional scrutiny on tax documents , the report indicates . Owens said the IRS used to have a set of "  tripwire " actions that drew the agency 's attention , but he said those standards were largely abandoned during a reorganization in the early 2000s . The reorganization was aimed at finding more money , and tax-exempt groups "  do n't produce any tax revenue for the government regardless . " "  What was wrong was using criteria that look like they were focused only on one end of the political spectrum , " Owens said . Craig Holman , who monitors campaign spending for the liberal watchdog group Public Citizen , said the "  vast majority " of 501  c  4  groups are legitimate . But the others are "  primarily involved in elections " and helped funnel more than $ 1.2 billion in secretive campaign money into the 2012 elections , and the IRS needs to crack down on them , he said . "  They should not be partisan , or single out the tea party , " Holman said . "  But they should look for political groups , and they 're not . They never prevented any of them from registering as nonprofit social welfare organizations . " And now that the issue has become a political hot potato , they 're not likely to , he said . "  This controversy means they will never enforce the tax code , " he said . "  We are going to see the IRS hide . " Who knew what , and when ? Lois Lerner , the head of the Cincinnati-based IRS office that oversees tax-exempt groups , did not respond to requests for comment from CNN on Monday . Lerner is the IRS official who publicly admitted Friday that agents used the keywords "  tea party " and "  patriot " to flag applications for further review -- but she stressed that was done as a "  shortcut " for picking the applications to review , not out of "  political bias . " Lerner said in a Friday conference call that she "  did not feel comfortable answering " as to when senior IRS officials became aware of the situation . She said the IRS has implemented changes to prevent similar mistakes in the future but could not say that any IRS employees had been disciplined . But a congressional source familiar with the inquiry understood that Lerner knew of the targeting in 2011 and sent letters to Congress this year without disclosing the extent of her knowledge . And Republicans are questioning why Miller -- who the IRS said was informed of the problem in May 2012 -- did n't raise it when lawmakers asked questions about the issue the following June and July . "  An apology is not sufficient , " Camp said . "  There have been enough excuses and delays , and now it is time for the IRS to answer to the American people . " Opinion : IRS abuses power in targeting tea party The IRS did not respond to questions about why Miller did n't inform Congress nor to questions about when its previous commissioner , Doug Shulman , found out . Shulman told a March 2012 Ways and Means hearing that his agency did not target conservative groups for political reasons . "  I can give you assurances . We pride ourselves in being a nonpolitical , nonpartisan organization , " said Shulman , who was appointed by President George W. Bush . "  There is absolutely no targeting . This is the kind of back and forth that happens when people apply for 501  c   4  status . " The IRS has told Congress that Shulman did not know about the targeting of conservative groups when he made that appearance , said Antonia Ferrier , a spokeswoman for Hatch .	The IRS must "  answer to the American people , " Ways and Means chairman says IRS chief , Treasury inspector-general face House committee Friday Obama calls the IRS 's alleged targeting "  outrageous , " vows to hold IRS accountable IRS officials knew as early as 2011 the applications were being targeted
Before we had "  16 and Pregnant , " push-up bras for tweens or mandatory sex education , girls like Donna Liska-Johnson learned about the birds and the bees from author Judy Blume . Liska-Johnson was 11 years old when her aunt gave her a copy of Blume 's breakthrough novel , "  Are You There God ? It 's Me , Margaret . " She formed an instant bond with 12-year-old Margaret Simon who , like her , was embarking upon puberty at a time when people did n't talk openly about boys , bras and periods . She had finally found someone she could relate to . "  I would close my door and the world would fall away , " she said . Blume 's first-person narrative "  always connected me with the character because she wrote so close to the heart . " Believe it or not , it 's been nearly 43 years since "  Are You There God ? " jump-started Blume 's prolific career , which changed the way a generation of readers learned about menstruation , masturbation and sex , among other growing pains . Though she 's had her critics over the years , Blume , who turned 75 this year , can still draw a crowd in this latest chapter of her career , which includes a forthcoming novel and the first major motion picture adaptation of one of her novels -- and it 's not "  Are You There God ? " "  Tiger Eyes , " which opened June 7 , may not be Blume 's most popular book , but it 's the one she and son Lawrence Blume  the inspiration for Fudge  had always wanted to bring to the big screen . Both said they felt a strong connection to lead character Davey Wexler , a teen whose mother uproots her from New Jersey to visit relatives in New Mexico after her father is killed in an armed robbery . Plus , it was the only novel they could film in 23 days on a budget that only allowed them to cast three professional actors from outside New Mexico , said Lawrence Blume , who directed the film and co-wrote the screenplay with his mother . Still , they managed to pull together a strong cast that included Willa Holland , best known for her roles in the OC and Gossip Girl and former pink Power Ranger Amy Jo Johnson . American Indian activist Russell Means was cast as the father of Wolf , who is played by Means ' real-life son , actor Tatanka Means . Even Blume and her husband , the film 's executive producer George Cooper  who she met while writing the book , dedicating it to him  , have cameos . Because of religious themes in the movie and Blume 's own heritage , the film has shown at Jewish film festivals including the Atlanta Jewish Film Festival , where it was screened on a Sunday afternoon in February . For Blume 's fans , though , it probably did n't matter which film was showing as long as she was there to talk about it . A sold-out crowd showed up to the suburban Atlanta movie theater for a screening and Q&A of "  Tiger Eyes , " many carrying tattered copies of Blume 's books for her to sign afterward . Among them was Donna Liska-Johnson , now a 44-year-old special education teacher with a bookshelf full of first edition Judy Blume novels procured via eBay . She arrived two hours early with copies of "  Are You There God ? " and "  Tiger Eyes " in hand and a purple fabric flower in her hair , a play on the word bloom , she said . When her turn came to meet her hero , she got choked up , struggling for words and fighting back tears while her husband gently rubbed her back . "  I can die happy now , " she said after regaining composure . "  It 's kind of like meeting a superhero . " Across the table , Blume smiled patiently and nodded her head in the gracious , knowing way of someone who 's used to this sort of thing . Normally , Blume keeps a box of tissues on the table at book signings , she said , keenly aware of her effect on fans . Usually , they 're mothers and wives , teachers , doctors or cancer survivors  like Blume herself  in their 20s , 30s , 40s and beyond . In her presence , though , they revert to gushing , hand-wringing teens who show their excitement through nervous laughter , professions of adoration or tears . "  I represent to them something from their childhood , wherever she was in her life when she was reading those books , " Blume later said . Dressed in a sleek black ensemble of straight-legged jeans , fitted leather jacket , short leather boots and patchwork scarf , Blume carried herself with the poise and confidence of someone who has spent decades in the public eye writing and talking about herself . To answer some of the recurring questions , she maintains a website decorated with cartoon bodies bearing Blume 's head and containing annotated bibliographies , information on her battle with censorship and tidbits like her favorite color . She wears her signature friendly grin whether she 's chatting with a fan or demanding extra lighting for a book signing . She does n't hesitate to speak her mind if , say , someone asks her to sign the 1981 unauthorized biography purportedly "  based on firsthand information from the writer herself . " "  I 'm not sure if I want to sign this . I did n't even write it ! " she wondered out loud before deciding to acquiesce with the note , "  Do not believe anything you read in this book ! " The fan apologized , but Blume flashed her grin and told her not to worry . "  Do n't be sorry . I 'm so glad you came , " she said , beaming . Blume is evolving with the times in other ways , having cultivated a respectable Twitter following of more than 82,000 "  tweeps " whom she gave out a shout-out to during Sunday 's screening . She uses Twitter to share information about screenings and thoughts like how one advantage of turning 75 is that she no longer has to take off her shoes at airport security . Otherwise , little has changed over the years within the pages of her classics , she said . Sure , in new editions , Margaret 's sanitary napkin and belt have been replaced with adhesive pads . Fudge , the insufferable younger brother of Peter Hatcher , has new electronics . Otherwise , the struggles of her protagonists still resonate with her devoted fanbase . "  I do n't think people change ; electronics change , the things we have change , but the way we live does n't change , " Blume said as she waited in the lobby Sunday for the screening . A few changes were made in transition from novel to film , which became the natural focus of questions after the screening . Why was the relationship between Davey 's mother and her nerdy suitor downplayed , one person wondered , or why did Davey 's aunt became her mother 's sister in the film instead of her father 's sister ? Blume and her son assured the audience that changes were made to preserve the film 's narrative flow , which can be challenging in adapting a first-person novel . "  There 's only so many times she can go to her room and slam the door , " Blume told the audience . "  I think a lot of stuff in the movie is better than the book . " She also told the audience that cries a lot when she 's writing , especially if she 's on the right track . "  I know it 's working when I 'm writing a book if I 'm laughing or crying , " she told the audience during a Q&A session after the screening . If so , it bodes well for the film , during which she still tears up even though she 's seen it several times . Audience member Melissa Rabb admitted that she "  cried like a baby " during the screening . Her real reason for showing up was to meet Blume for the second time in her life . She 'd brought with her a copy of "  Deenie " that Blume signed 30 years ago , when the author visited Rabb 's elementary school in Calhoun , Georgia . During the book signing , the two shared stories of cancer treatment while Blume signed Rabb 's tattered paperback for the second time . "  Glad we 're both still here 30 years later . "	NEW : Film adaptation of Judy Blume novel "  Tiger Eyes " opens nationwide Friday Tiger Eyes screenings earlier this year drew scores of nostalgic fans "  It 's kind of like meeting a superhero , " fan says
CNN  -- The death toll rose to 75 Sunday on Brazil 's southeast coast after three days of torrential rains unleashed a series of deadly mudslides , an emergency official said . Dozens of people were killed when a large part of a mountain collapsed as mud Friday , sliding into the upscale Sankay Inn resort in Angra dos Reis , two hours west of Rio de Janeiro . More than 3 inches of rain has accumulated in Rio 's western regions since the end of last week , according to Geo-Rio , the state official weather forecast center . Brazilian forecasters are predicting more rain to come in Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo . Angra dos Reis is a popular destination for wealthy vacationers and celebrities , many of whom were spending New Year 's in the resort town . According to local reports , the 24-year-old son of French President Nicolas Sarkozy was among the vacationers in the area this week . Pierre Sarkozy , 24 , was staying at the home of Ivo Pitanguy , a top Brazilian plastic surgeon and a family friend , the reports said . The town is also home to one of Brazil 's major nuclear plants -- the Central Nuclear Almirante Álvaro Alberto complex , managed by Electronuclear . Officials at the power plant denied reports they would shut down operations due to safety concerns raised by local officials . The inundations began Wednesday . Erosion caused by the deluge created a massive crack in the Rio-Santos Highway , forcing authorities to shut down the road Saturday night . Rio de Janeiro 's State Governor Sergio Cabral on Friday declared three days of mourning and ordered the state 's civil defense rescue teams on duty round the clock . In the poorer suburbs of Rio de Janeiro 's Zona Norte , several makeshift homes built on steep slopes fell victim to mudslides , leaving at least 350 people homeless , the officials said . In nearby Jacarepagua , rescuers carried three bodies of a family of four from the wreckage of their hilltop home after it was hit by a mudslide . CNN affiliate Record TV broadcast the rescuers ' attempt to find the family 's toddler , Mariana . After sifting through rubble , the rescuers heard her cries emanating from beneath the rubble , dug her out and carried her to safety amid cheers . But hours later , the television station reported that the girl had died . Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva told reporters he will send marine and naval forces to aid in rescues in remote coastal areas where more bodies were believed to be trapped . CNN 's Helena DeMoura contributed to this report	NEW : Death toll rises to 75 in floods More than 3 inches of rain accumulated in Rio 's western regions , with more expected Death toll from mudslide at upscale resort in Angra dos Reis is 41 ; dozens injured Rio de Janeiro State governor declares 3 days of mourning , calls up rescue teams
New York  CNN  -- Major League Baseball will probably move Monday to suspend New York Yankee Alex Rodriguez amid allegations involving the use of performance-enhancing drugs , two sources close to the decision told CNN on Sunday . The length of the suspension was not known nor was the timing of any announcement . A number of news outlets reported Sunday night the suspension will be for at least 214 games , meaning it would end in the 2015 season . Major League Baseball was negotiating with the 38-year-old slugger last week about a deal for a lengthy suspension rather than a lifetime ban over the Biogenesis scandal , according to several outlets . A-Rod is accused of having ties to the now-shuttered Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in south Florida and taking performance-enhancing drugs . He has denied the accusation . The Biogenesis scandal has already ensnared one star : 2011 National League MVP and Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun . Last month , Braun was suspended without pay for the rest of this season for violating the league 's drug policy , baseball Commissioner Bud Selig announced . All about A-Rod Rodriguez has missed the entire 2013 season so far after undergoing hip surgery , and he told reporters Saturday he plans to rejoin his teammates for Monday night 's game in Chicago against the White Sox . Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said he 's ready to put Rodriguez in Monday 's lineup . "  If he 's in there , I 'm going to play him , " Girardi told reporters Sunday night . Rodriguez and the league may be in for a lengthy legal fight , said CNN 's Rachel Nichols . Usually , suspensions related to drug offenses are made under the players ' collective bargaining agreement , allowing suspended players to keep playing while their cases are being appealed . Nichols said , however , "  That 's probably not going to be the case with A-Rod . We 're expecting him to be suspended under the commissioner 's powers , which means that he would not be able to play while he 's doing an appeal , which is why the court system might get involved . " Rodriguez is considered one of the game 's greatest sluggers . He has 647 home runs -- the fifth most ever -- in 19 seasons . In 2009 , he had an outstandng postseason in helping the Yankees win their most recent World Series title . He holds the largest contract ever in American sports , signing with the Yankees in 2007 for $ 275 million over 10 years . Rodriguez said Friday he believes his contract makes him an attractive target for a baseball ban or suspension . "  There 's more than one party that benefits from me not ever stepping back on the field -- and that 's not my teammates and it 's not the Yankees fans , " he said . Rodriguez has admitted using banned substances in the early 2000s but also has denied taking any after 2003 . He has never been suspended by the league for a drug violation . Rodriguez may not be the only player facing suspension Monday as a result of the Biogenesis scandal , with reports of more than a dozen others possibly being punished . First-time offenders receive a 50-game suspension , so if they begin their punishments Monday , they could be back playing before the opening rounds of the playoffs . Major League Baseball sued Biogenesis and several men associated with it in March , alleging the clinic supplied banned performance-enhancing substances to a number of current and former professional baseball players like ex-Boston Red Sox slugger Manny Ramirez . A Miami-Dade County circuit court judge decided last month the lawsuit could proceed . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : Girardi says if A-Rod is ready Monday , ` I 'm going to play him ' He is accused of taking performance-enhancing drugs Some reports say it would be a 214-game suspension Rodriguez plans to return to the Yankees from rehab Monday
CNN  -- Health officials will be comparing samples to determine if two newborn infants were infected with the same strain of the bacteria that led to the rare infections that killed one and sickened another in the past month . One newborn in Missouri died from an infection caused by a type of bacteria called Cronobacter sakazakii . Another newborn baby was sickened in Illinois , but is recovering from the infection , according to the state health departments . Health officials Friday were gathering information about each newborn , including what they ate and where they were , in an effort to trace the sources of the infections . Early indications led authorities to suspect a link to powdered infant formula . The Centers for Disease Control and Infection and the states ' health departments have been testing samples of open containers of infant formula , according to the CDC 's Dr. Robert Tauxe , and the Food and Drug Administration has been testing samples of unopened powdered formula . "  So far no formula samples have yielded Cronobacter , " according to Tauxe , who is the CDC 's deputy director for the Division of Foodborne , Waterborne and Environmental Diseases . Cronobacter infections are very rare , according to the CDC , which says only four to six cases are reported per year . Some of these infections have been linked to powdered infant formula in the past , according to the Illinois Department of Public Health . However , at this time , it has not been established that infant formula was the source of either of the latest infections , according to the CDC . Late Wednesday , Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced it had pulled from its outlets nationwide all cans of Enfamil Newborn powdered formula that matched the size and lot number of the formula used for the baby who died in Missouri . The retailer said it removed the product "  out of an abundance of caution " until the investigation determines the source of the infection . "  We really do n't have evidence that the two infections are related to each other , " Tauxe told CNN . "  Those two cases that occurred this past month may just be a coincidence . " He said CDC labs will compare samples of the bacteria from both states in an effort to determine if they came from the same source . Tauxe cautions that these tests can take a long time -- "  up to a month . " Cronobacter can cause life-threatening infections in newborns . It 's fatal in nearly 40 % of cases , according to the CDC , and some of those who survive can be left with severe neurological problems . Because Cronobacter is not monitored by PulseNet , a national network of state and local health departments and laboratories that is coordinated by the CDC  and works with the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the FDA  , the CDC has alerted public health officials to be on the lookout for any other cases , Tauxe said . While breastfeeding is the healthiest and safest option to feed newborn infants , it 's not always possible for mothers to do so . Commercially prepared liquid infant formula is generally safe because it 's been canned , Tauxe said , but powdered infant formula is not completely sterile . The Illinois Health Department says "  formula can become contaminated with C. sakazakii through the raw products used to make the formula , contamination after pasteurization or during preparation of reconstituted formula for infant feeding . " There are steps parents can take to reduce infection in newborn babies : -- Prepare only a small amount of reconstituted formula for each feeding so as to reduce the amount of time the formula is held at room temperature . -- Do not hold reconstituted formula for longer than two hours without refrigeration . -- Throw out any formula left in a bottle after a feeding . -- Minimize the time reconstituted formula is held in the refrigerator before feeding .	Initially , authorities suspected a link to powdered infant formula Tests so far have not found contamination in formula , Dr. Robert Tauxe says Wal-Mart has pulled a brand of formula from its shelves Only four to six cases of this type of infection are reported per year
CNN  Manchester City and Ivory Coast football star Yaya Toure has called on the media to be more respectful in its attitude towards religion after the Charlie Hebdo attack . Twelve people were killed by brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi at the French satirical magazine 's offices last week , with the gunmen reportedly yelling , "  We have avenged the Prophet " while carrying out the attack . While Toure -- a Muslim himself -- advocates freedom of speech , he feels news outlets also have responsibilities . "  As a Muslim I always believe in the way people can say what they want to say , " he told CNN 's Amanda Davies . "  But for me , the most important thing is that we know something that sometimes the newspaper is doing a lot -- and they 're trying to do too much , and sometimes they do it not with respect . " "  Everybody has his point of view -- everybody has something to say about that , " Toure added . "  Of course it 's a newspaper trying to say something . But sometimes it hurts people . " Depicting Mohammed is offensive to many Muslims and the magazine 's past cartoons of the prophet apparently motivated the attackers in last week 's slaughter . The City midfielder says he was disappointed to hear of the attack on Charlie Hebdo -- and he now fears for the safety of his Muslim friends in the French capital . Currently on international duty with Ivory Coast ahead of the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations which begins this week , Toure spent a season playing in the French Ligue 1 with Monaco in 2006-07 . "  When you hear something like that it 's a bit disappointing , " he said , referring to the attack on the Charlie Hebdo office . "  I feel very sorry for the families -- they lost their friend , father , or their husband , you know . "  Of course I have a friend in Paris , I have people who I work with . You get a bit confused , a bit afraid , because , as a Muslim , I have a friend and they are Muslim as well and I 'm afraid of what is going to happen . " The latest Charlie Hebdo issue has also been highly controversial , largely because on its cover is an illustration of a tearful Prophet Mohammed , holding up an "  I am Charlie " sign accompanied by the words "  All is forgiven . " The new cover was met with mixed emotions -- with some calling it a bold example of free speech and others criticizing it as needlessly offensive to Muslims .	Yaya Toure believes newspapers must depict religion in a more respectful way Toure fears for the safety of his Muslim friends in Paris The Manchester City midfielder is currently with Ivory Coast ahead of the Africa Nations Cup
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- When Susana Trimarco 's daughter Marita Veron was 23 , she vanished from their hometown in Argentina , a suspected victim of a human trafficking and prostitution ring with links throughout Latin America and Europe . Marita Veron , who is missing , hugs her daughter Micaela . Police believe Marita was forced into sexual slavery . Trimarco , 54 , has spent the past 6 1/2 years searching for her daughter , often putting herself at risk . While chasing down leads on Marita 's whereabouts , she 's entered dark and dangerous brothels and confronted pimps and politicians who , she says , are complicit in her daughter 's disappearance . She has won accolades throughout Latin America , Europe and the United States for her work . But Marita is nowhere to be found . "  Marita is a wonderful and caring girl . My life will be completely absorbed with this fight until she is back and safe , " Trimarco said . On April 3 , 2002 , Veron left her house in the northern Argentine province of Tucuman early for a doctor 's appointment . She was wearing a turquoise shirt , blue jeans and old white sneakers . As she left the house , she told her mother , "  Do n't worry . I 'll be back soon . " Those were the last words the two exchanged . The investigation that has followed has led police and Trimarco to believe that she was kidnapped and forced into prostitution , either in rural Argentina or Spain . So far , a series of random clues has failed to provide any concrete information on Marita 's whereabouts . Now , art is imitating life on Argentina 's airwaves . Trimarco 's story has become the basis of one of Argentina 's most popular nighttime soap operas , "  Vidas Robadas , " or "  Stolen Lives . " Watch art imitate activism " The program premiered in March on Telefe , one of Argentina 's largest television networks , to a lukewarm response . But as the storyline and characters evolved and word started to spread , the audience grew , and it became water-cooler television . "  Stolen Lives " attracts more than 2 million viewers nightly , a considerable feat considering Argentina 's population is only 40 million . The show 's plot centers on widowed anthropologist Bautista Amaya  played by Facundo Arana  and Rosario Soler  Soledad Silveyra  -- the mother of a young kidnapped girl , based on Trimarco -- who team up to unravel an underground prostitution ring . "  With every performance , I try to display the inner feelings of this woman who is suffering , to transmit her grief , " Silveyra said . "  As an actress , I feel an enormous responsibility . " The usual telenovela themes of love , passion and revenge are ever present in "  Stolen Lives , " but the show strives to expose an issue that has remained in the dark in Argentina until recently . Human rights groups in Argentina estimate that 800 women have gone missing at the hands of human traffickers since 2007 . Worldwide , about 800,000 people are trafficked across borders annually , according to the U.S. State Department . "  I am delighted that the show has been able to bring this topic to light , because no one ever talked about human trafficking in Argentina before , " Trimarco said . "  Stolen Lives " is the latest in a series of recent Argentine telenovelas that dissect important social issues while also aiming to entertain . One of the most important was the 2006 hit "  Montecristo , " which examined crimes against humanity committed by Argentina 's military during the 1970s and 1980s . Local versions of "  Montecristo " are produced in nine countries around the globe , including Turkey , Portugal , Mexico and Russia . "  With these types of telenovelas , we are able to bring something entirely new to the public debate . And because we take a take a fictional and not a journalistic approach , we are able to attract and keep more viewers , " Telefe programming director Claudio Villarruel said . "  Montecristo " helped reunite children of Argentina 's Dirty War who "  disappeared " with lost family members . The Dirty War happened from 1976-83 , when the government carried out a secret campaign to purge the country of those it considered to be dissidents . "  Stolen Lives " is making a similarly strong impact . Trimarco established a foundation in her daughter 's honor , Fundacion Maria de los Angeles , last year in Tucuman . It counts U.S. Ambassador to Argentina Earl Wayne and Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner among its supporters . According to Trimarco , the foundation has rescued 360 women and children from trafficking networks , and leads on missing people continue to pour in . Argentina passed its first national law against human trafficking this year , a law that Trimarco lobbied hard to get passed . Meanwhile , praise rings from home and abroad . In May , "  Stolen Lives " was declared a show of "  social interest " by the Buenos Aires City legislature . In 2007 , Trimarco received the U.S. State Department 's "  International Women of Courage Award " from Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice at a ceremony in Washington . Later this year , Trimarco will travel to Spain to speak about human trafficking with lawmakers from the European Union . "  It 's just like Condoleezza Rice told me : My screams are being heard all over the world , " she said . Trimarco travels around Argentina constantly , educating people about human trafficking , and following up on clues about Marita . She is also raising Marita 's daughter , Micaela , 9 . With all the publicity surrounding the case and the success of "  Stolen Lives , " Trimarco has herself become a target . Her accusations of political and police involvement have led to death threats , she says . Still , she remains committed to the cause and says that collaborating with the producers of "  Stolen Lives " to tell her story has helped give her the strength to continue searching for her daughter . "  I 'm content , because my pain is now serving a purpose , " she said .	Argentine woman vanished in 2002 ; it 's believed she was forced into prostitution ring Argentine soap opera , based on Marita 's mother 's search , probes human trafficking Mom : "  My life will be completely absorbed with this fight until she is back and safe " Mother Susana Trimarco 's foundation tries to save women , children from sex slavery
CNN  -- Gasoline prices have jumped another nickel , to 55 cents a gallon more than a year ago , according to a study published Sunday . The average price for a gallon of regular is $ 3.18 , the Lundberg Survey found . That 's up 5 cents from two weeks ago , publisher Trilby Lundberg said . "  That is a significant bite for motorists considering the continued deep unemployment , " Lundberg said . And it comes amid a "  very wide and deep glut of gasoline supply , " she added . The spike is partly due to events in the Middle East and north Africa , Lundberg said . The most common benchmark for crude oil is West Texas Intermediate on the futures market . That crude is "  glutted , in serious oversupply , " she said . "  But U.S. refiners use many other crudes , some of which have been jumping on Middle East tensions . " The gasoline glut has helped prevent prices from rising even more , she said . Gas prices may rise another nickel or dime in the coming weeks , Lundberg said . "  It would of course be far more if Middle East problems augmented and caused oil prices to skyrocket , " she said . Prices at the pump have risen 49 cents a gallon since late September . The Lundberg Survey tallies average gas prices at thousands of gas stations nationwide . Here are the latest average prices in some U.S. cities : - Billings , Montana - $ 2.95 - San Francisco - $ 3.54 - Houston - $ 2.98 - St. Louis - $ 2.99 - Tulsa , Oklahoma - $ 3.01 - Baltimore - $ 3.09 - Atlanta - $ 3.11 - Boston - $ 3.21 - Las Vegas - $ 3.20 - Minneapolis - $ 3.18	Middle East tensions are behind the increase , survey publisher says Prices have risen 49 cents since September
CNN  -- In the U.S. Senate , where power extends from seniority and most politicians pride themselves on longevity , Daryl Chappelle has humbly outlasted them all . Retiring Thursday after 41 years , the Senate subway car operator has served longer than any current member of the Senate and all but two members of the House . Longevity that is hard to grasp Chappelle came to the Senate , not long out of high school , in 1972 . First a worker with the night labor division , he then moved into his second and final job as a subway driver/mechanic . Ever since , the 62-year-old 's office has been a single swivel seat inside a small open-air jostling train cab . His task has been to carry senators back and forth from the Capitol to their office buildings . By one estimate , Chappelle has made the trip 130,000 times . The longevity is hard to grasp , from an era where many Americans expected to work in a single place for 30 or 40 years . The Watergate scandal . The Cold War . The Clinton era . September 11th . Chappelle has worked in the Capitol during every historic event the nation has seen since the time of Richard Nixon . When he began , the Berlin Wall was barely a decade old and Afghanistan still had a king . And in all that time , Chappelle never once stepped onto the Senate floor . Until Thursday . 41 years , then first steps onto the Senate floor "  That was incredible , " the bespectacled man beamed as he told CNN about the trip two floors above the subway , into the much more majestic Senate chamber . "  That was really special . I do n't know how else to describe it . Incredible , " he said . Top leaders from the Republican and Democratic parties took to the floor to recognize Chappelle , the man who had almost no power except for what he was able to do with the few minutes American leaders sat on his train . What he did was smile . "  He has a smile the covers his whole face , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said in a tribute on the Senate floor . That smile has made Chappelle a bit of a legend in the echoing , sterile Capitol Hill halls . He wears it for the crankiest of politicians and on the longest of overnight sessions . "  He 's the happiest guy you ever met , " followed Reid 's adversary , Republican Senate Leader Mitch McConnell . "  He has a genius for lifting people 's spirits . " McConnell relayed the story of one of his staffers who on her first , nervous day on the Hill , asked Chappelle for directions . The subway operator gave them to the young woman and then , McConnell recounted , he said something simple that she never forgot in the overstressed workplace : "  Everything will be alright . " Lines outside his subway car The job of subway driver is monotonous . Shuttling back and forth , back and forth , underground for the one-to-two-block distance between buildings . Responding to a buzzer that senators can sound when they are in a particular hurry . It is the kind of job and Chappelle is the kind of worker that both parties talk about in vague rhetoric all the time . But Thursday , Chappelle took in very specific congratulations from the powerful and nearly-powerful all day long . Small lines formed as senators , staffers and visitors stood by his subway car to shake his hand and offer goodbye hugs . Dozens of reporters signed a card for him .  Disclosure : including this reporter . "  Congress may not have a high approval rating these days , " McConnell said as Chappelle sat in the chamber listening , "  but nobody who ever has had the pleasure of riding Daryl 's train can leave without feeling a little bit better about this place . "	There is a small subway service that runs under the Capitol Daryl Chappelle has been a driver for 41 years and now he 's retiring He 's been around since the Nixon years , and has outlasted just about everybody He stepped onto the Senate floor for the first time on Thursday , where senators paid a tribute
CNN  -- Tottenham was made to endure a frustrating night at White Hart Lane after being held to a goalless draw by Lazio . In front of watching UEFA President Michel Platini , Tottenham had three ` goals ' disallowed by Romanian referee Ovidiu Hategen during an enthralling contest . Clint Dempsey , Jermain Defoe and Steven Caulker all saw their efforts chalked off as Lazio escaped with a point following a dogged defensive performance . The Italians did hit the crossbar in the first-half when Alvaro Gonzalez 's spectacular volley crashed against the woodwork . Spurs piled on the pressure after the break but failed to find a breakthrough . Liverpool , resting a whole host of big -- name players , came from behind to defeat Young Boys 5-3 in a Group A thriller . Manager Brendan Rodgers gave youth its chance to shine with substitute Jonjo Shelvey scoring twice in the second -- half to seal the win . Liverpool took a fourth minute lead through Juni Ojala 's own -- goal before Raphael Nuzzolo brought the hosts level . Andre Wisdom marked his Liverpool debut by heading his side back into the lead five minutes before the break , only for Ojala to atone for his earlier error by leveling the match . Gonzalo Zarate 's sublime 63rd minute finish threatened to leave Rodgers regretting his decision to leave out the likes of Luis Suarez and Steven Gerrard . But Sebastian Coates equalized just three minutes later , before Shelvey came off the bench to score a classy double . In the group 's other game , Antonio Di Natale grabbed a dramatic 92nd minute equalizer as Udinese claimed a 1-1 draw against big -- spending Russian side Anzhi Makhachkala . Daniele Padelli 's own -- goal had given the Guus Hiddink 's men the lea but Di Natale rescued the hosts at the death . Falcao on fire as Atletico Madrid win Europa League Atletico Madrid began their defense of the Europa League with a comfortable 3-0 win at Hapoel Tel Aviv in Group B. Atletico , who defeated Athletic Bilbao in last year 's final , eased past the Israeli side with goals coming from Cristian Rodriguez , Diego Costa and Raul Garcia Viktoria Plzen came from behind to defeat Portuguese side Academica 3-1 . Wilson Eduardo gave the visitors a 19th minute lead , but three second -- half goals from Pavel Horvath , Michal Duris and Frantisek Rajtoral wrapped up with win for Plzen . Olympique Marseille scored twice in the final stages to rescue an unlikely point against Fenerbahce in Group C . The Turkish hosts appeared to be in line for a comfortable victory thanks to goals from Caner Erkin and Alex. Barton 's English ban to apply in France But Marseille , who gave a debut to midfielder Joey Barton , halved the deficit through Mathieu Valbuena , before Andre Ayew fired home a 94th minute leveller . In the group 's other contest , Oscar Wendt missed an injury -- time penalty as Borussia Monchengladbach were forced to settle for a goalless draw at AEL Limassol . Bordeaux claimed its biggest European victory in more than 10 years by defeating Club Brugge 4-0 in Group D . The French side took the lead through Ludovic Lamine 's 13th minute strike with Yoann Goufrran making it 2-0 at the break . An own -- goal by half -- time substitute Bjorn Engels and a Jussie effort sealed the win . Maritimo and Newcastle both hit the woodwork as they played out a goalless draw in Portugal . Georg Niedermeier rescued a point for Stuttgart in a 2-2 draw against Steaua Bucharest in Group E . The home side had taken a fifth minute lead through Vedad Ibisevic only for Alex Chipciu and Raul Rusescu to give the visitors the advantage . But Niedermeier popped up with five minutes remaining to deny the Romanians and ensure matters ended even . Elsewhere in the group , FC Kobenhavn defeated Molde 2-1 thanks to goals from Claudemir and Andreas Cornelius . Eduardo Vargas scored a hat -- trick as Napoli began its Group F campaign in style with a 4-0 win over Sweden 's AIK Solna . Vargas ' treble and a strike from Blerim DÅ 3/4 emaili sealed the points for Napoli , who also had midfielder Marek Hamsik sent off . Dnipro claimed an impressive 2-0 win over Dutch side PSV Eindhoven courtesy of a Matheus Nascimento strike and an own -- goal from Atiba Hutchinson . In Group G , Genk cruised to a 3-0 victory over Videoton , while Sporting Lisbon was held to a 0-0 draw by Basel . Yuto Nagamoto grabbed a late equalizer as Inter Milan recorded a 2-2 draw in their Group H opener against Rubin Kazan , while Partizan and Neftci ended goalless . In Group I , Hapoel Kiryat Shmona produced one of the most impressive results in its history after holding Athletic Bilbao to a 1-1 draw at San Mames . Minnows Kiryat Shmona clinch Israeli title Lyon eased past Sparta Prague 2-1 with Bafetimbi Gomes and Lisandro Lopez on target for the French side . Bayer Leverkusen endured a frustrating night in Group K after being held to a 0-0 draw at home by Metalist Kharkiv , while Rosenborg went top with a 2-1 win at Rapid Wien . Levante lead Group L following a 1-0 home win over Helsingborgs , while Dutch side Twente were held 2-2 by Hannover . In Tottenham 's group , Maribor defeated Panathinaikos 3-0 with Robert Beric , Agim Ibraimi and Marco Tavares on target . Racism remains "  significant " problem in English football Meanwhile , Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel has closed his Twitter account after receiving racist abuse online . Chelsea issued a statement condemning those responsible and have informed the police following the matter . The statement read : "  We 've been made aware of racist tweets targeted at Mikel which are totally unacceptable , disgusting and abhorrent . "  We 've informed the police and support taking the strongest possible action . "	Tottenham held 0-0 at White Hart Lane by Lazio Spurs boss Andre Villas -- Boas yet to win a home game Liverpool come from behind to win 5-3 at Young Boys Atletico Madrid begin title defense with victory
Like millions of Americans , I was glued to the Olympic Games over the weekend . I loved , simply loved , Ashley Wagner 's strong , athletic performance on ice to one of my favorite songs from Pink Floyd . Truth told , I loved her pre-competition comments more . She told NBC , "  People see figure skaters as these pretty little porcelain dolls that you put up on a shelf . But I am not a soft skater , and I do n't want to be . I am strong ; I 'm powerful ; I 'm athletic . Most importantly to me I feel like I 'm a woman out on the ice . " Powerful . Athletic . A woman . Beautiful words in a world that denigrates female power by using phrases like , "  man up , " "  girlie men " and the "  feminization of our culture . " And , I might add : What is wrong with that anyway ? Last time I checked , roughly half our culture was already as such . I simply do n't equate "  feminine " or "  girly " with "  weakness . " But , plenty of others -- men and women -- do . Conservative Fox News analyst Britt Hume recently blamed a "  sort of feminized atmosphere " for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's woes . It seems , in Hume 's mind , our overly sensitive culture can no long abide a "  masculine , muscular " guy like Christie . Arnold Schwarzenegger urged the crowd at the Republican National Convention in 2004 to support free enterprise and to not be "  economic girlie men . " Yes , he was capitalizing on his Hollywood image , but the phrase drew a standing ovation . Even strong women inadvertently slam female strength . Sarah Palin urged the GOP to "  man up " in 2010 and support Tea Party candidates . Why did n't Palin shout , "  woman up ? " I know , I know . I 've used the "  man up " slam too . It 's fun , cutting and effective . But , upon further reflection , is it ? I love my friend Kelly 's story about "  girlie men . " Nine months pregnant , and standing in line at Dunkin' Donuts behind two male construction workers , she overheard one of them say to the other , "  You 're such a girl . " Kelly , exhausted from getting up at 2:30 a.m. to arrive at work on time snapped , "  Then I 'm sure he 's stronger than you . " I do n't mean to pick on Republicans , but perhaps the use of "  man up , " "  girlie men " and "  the feminization of our culture " are hurting them needlessly . According to a new CNN/ORC poll , a majority of Americans , and women in particular , do not believe the Republican Party understands the problems and concerns of women today . As Republican Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington state told CNN : "  When you look at our position on issues , a lot of times  a  majority of Americans agree with our positions . But it 's the way that we talk about it that does n't resonate , and we have to do a better job . I think it 's fair to say there have been some comments which are offensive and they 're not representative of the entire Republican Party . " Which brings me back to the Olympics . For the first time ever , women will compete in ski jumping . They 've been petitioning to compete in the Games since 1998 . If you 're wondering why it 's taken 16 years , a hint : According to The New York Times , the president of the International Ski Federation , Gian-Franco Kasper , told NPR in 2005 that ski jumping "  seems not to be appropriate for ladies from a medical point of view . Silly manly man .	Carol Costello says Olympic skater Ashley Wagner calls herself a strong , athletic woman Costello : She 's refreshing in light of remarks like "  girlie man " and "  feminization of culture " What 's wrong with feminine ? The GOP should beware of comments like this , she says Costello : In 2005 , ski jumping was not "  appropriate for ladies " ; finally they 're competing
Friends reacted with relief and joy Wednesday to the news that 32-year-old aid worker Jessica Buchanan had been freed after three months in captivity in Somalia . "  We are overwhelmed with gratitude , " said Don Meyer , president of Valley Forge Christian College in Phoenixville , Pennsylvania , from where Buchanan was graduated in 2007 . She and her colleague , Poul Thisted , 60 , were rescued by U.S. special forces in an overnight raid in which nine gunmen were killed , the U.S. military said Wednesday . Buchanan 's family has declined to speak about the rescue until after they speak with her , but others who know her portrayed her as someone passionate about making a difference . It may have been that passion that led her to a job as a regional educational adviser for the Danish Refugee Council 's demining unit . More details on the rescue She had attended a couple of other institutions before settling in at Valley Forge Christian College . There , she undertook one of the school 's most rigorous academic programs , early childhood education . It was a semester of student teaching in Nairobi that opened Buchanan 's heart to Africa . "  She did a semester of student teaching in Africa and that experience just planted in her a love and passion for Africa , " Meyer said . That proved to be a turning point in her life . "  She could hardly talk about Africa without tears in her eyes , " he said . The school where she served as a student teacher -- the Rosslyn Academy in Nairobi , Kenya -- hired her once she was graduated and she worked there as a classroom teacher for two years . Meyer said that , around this time , Buchanan met the man who became her husband and switched jobs . According to the Danish Refugee Council , Buchanan and Thisted were kidnapped in the town of Galkayo in central Somalia on October 25 during a visit to a project site in the area . Officials said that Buchanan 's declining health triggered the rescue operation , but Meyer , who spoke with her family Wednesday , said those reports are overstated . "  She is strong , she is healthy , she is in very good condition , " he said . The Valley Forge Christian College community , with about 1,100 students in suburban Philadelphia , kept close tabs on the aid workers ' kidnapping , he said . They were advised of the incident by the family from the beginning , but were asked to avoid mentioning it publicly . Meyer said they were made sure the cameras that broadcast online the school 's daily services were turned off when they prayed for Buchanan . Buchanan presented Prof. Glenn McClure with a carved elephant after a return from Kenya to thank him for helping her land her teaching job , he said . "  It 's on my bureau and I see it often , " he told CNN . "  I just breathe a prayer ; say ` Help Jessica get through this . ' " Prof. David Scolforo 's daughter , Christine , is a friend and former roommate to Buchanan . "  Every day you woke up wondering , ` Is this the day she 's going to be free or this this going to be the day when you get news saying she 's not coming home forever ? ' " he said . Some of her college friends said they did not even know Buchanan had been kidnapped until news of her rescue broke . "  It was a shock , tears of sadness that that happened to her and tears of happiness that she was rescued by the Navy SEALs , " said Clarimil Christian-Delker , who studied with her . Buchanan is a devoted Christian whose passion for helping those less fortunate took her to Africa , Christian-Delker said . "  Every time we spoke about doing God 's work overseas , her eyes would light up , " she added . The women met nine years ago , and when Christian-Delker faced a family tragedy , Buchanan encouraged her via Facebook . Christian-Delker said she did not suspect that Buchanan 's recent silence on the social media site was a sign that she was living out her own tragedy .	"  Help Jessica get through this , " Professor Glenn McClure used to say She has been passionate about Africa , college president says Jessica Buchanan and Poul Thisted were rescued overnight
CNN  -- Alabama lawmakers are calling on U.S. District Judge Mark Fuller to resign over allegations that he hit his wife "  several times with a closed fist " in an Atlanta hotel room in August . U.S. Sens. Jeff Sessions and Richard Shelby of Alabama released separate statements Thursday calling for Fuller 's resignation . Shelby said Fuller has "  lost the confidence of his colleagues and the people of the state of Alabama . " Sessions said Fuller 's "  unacceptable personal conduct violates the trust that has been placed in him . " According to a police report obtained by CNN , Fuller 's wife , Kelli , suffered "  lacerations to her mouth and forehead " in the August 9 incident at the downtown Atlanta Ritz-Carlton hotel . He also grabbed his wife "  by her hair , pulling it out , " the report says , leading her to suffer "  bruises on her ankle , thigh and knee from being dragged . " Fuller 's wife was "  treated on scene by  paramedics  but refused to be transported to the hospital , " according to news release from the Atlanta Police Department . Fuller spent the night an Atlanta jail after being charged with misdemeanor battery in the alleged domestic violence incident . Earlier this month , he accepted a pretrial diversion without having to admit guilt . The program , typical for first-time domestic dispute offenders , involves a substance abuse assessment and counseling . Fuller 's wife was heard on 911 calls telling dispatchers , "  Help me , please . Please , help me . He 's beating on me . " She agreed to the terms of the pretrial diversion . Following his acceptance into the pretrial diversion program , Fuller said in a statement to CNN , "  I deeply regret this incident and look forward to working to resolve this issue with my family , where they should be resolved . I look forward to completing the family counseling that I voluntarily began several weeks ago and to successfully completing the requirements of the diversion . " Toobin : Wife-beating is not a private matter U.S. Rep. Terri Sewell , D-Alabama , compared Fuller 's infractions to recent incidents in the National Football League . "  If an NFL player can lose his job because of domestic violence then a federal judge should definitely not be allowed to keep his life-time appointment to the federal bench , " she said in a statement . Sewell said she would support moving forward on an impeachment if Fuller does n't resign . Fuller 's attorney said calls for his client 's resignation are "  unwarranted " and said drawing conclusions between Fuller and the "  Ray Rice case ... represents a failure of critical thinking . " Immediately following Fuller 's arrest , all of his cases were reassigned to other judges , his attorney Barry Ragsdale told CNN , and "  no cases are coming to him . " His return to the bench is "  all dependent on when the 11th circuit court investigation is done , " Ragsdale said . Fuller was confirmed to the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Alabama in 2002 . LZ Granderson : Congress , you can impeach Mark Fuller	U.S. District Judge Mark Fuller is accused of hitting his wife "  several times with a closed fist " Sen. Richard Shelby : He 's "  lost the confidence of his colleagues and the people " of Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions : His "  conduct violates the trust that has been placed in him " Rep. Terri Sewell says if Fuller does n't resign , she 'll back an impeachment effort
