Boston  CNN  -- Whisked to Boston to face dozens of charges , including murder and racketeering , captured fugitive James "  Whitey " Bulger made a court appearance Friday and said he could afford a lawyer "  if you give me my money back . " Bulger , 81 , appeared before two federal magistrate judges because he faces two 100-plus-page indictments featuring a litany of allegations dating back to the early 1970s . The accused mobster , who authorities said was the leader of the Winter Hill Gang , "  looks forward to facing the charges against him , " his provisional attorney , Peter Krupp , said after the proceedings . Bulger , arrested after being on the lam 16 years , was transported from California in a private jet , along with his longtime girlfriend , Catherine Elizabeth Greig . They were quickly driven to the courthouse . Bulger , Greig lived good life in Santa Monica Relatives of some of Bulger 's alleged victims were in the packed courtroom . Bulger , shackled when he entered court , did not seek bail or enter a plea Friday . He may ask for bail later . "  He 's a murderer and a destroyer of families , " said Tom Donahue , who said Bulger is responsible for the death of his father , Michael . Donahue and his mother , Patricia Donahue , said the FBI should have found Bulger before this week . "  Bulger  seemed like a very meek man , spoke very softly , was more concerned about what he had , rather than what 's going on in his life , " Patricia Donohue told reporters . Bulger told a judge he has the money to pay for a lawyer "  if you give me my money back . " The FBI said it found more than $ 800,000 in cash at the suspect 's California apartment . Assistant U.S. Attorney Brian Kelly said that , based on a conversation with Greig , prosecutors believe Massachusetts political figure William Bulger will help pay for his brother 's defense . The prosecutor said he believes the reputed mob boss has significant resources . "  He did n't earn $ 800,000 working a paper route along the Santa Monica Boulevard , " Kelly said . William Bulger , former president of the Massachusetts State Senate , smiled at his brother during the proceedings . William Bulger had no substantive comment when he left the courthouse . Bulger vanished in 1995 into lore and became the inspiration for the 2006 Martin Scorsese film "  The Departed . " He was nabbed by the FBI on Wednesday night in Southern California . Bulger was arrested with Greig , who is accused of harboring a fugitive . She made an initial appearance before a judge in a separate hearing in Boston on Friday . Greig will have a hearing for counsel Tuesday . Bulger faces 19 counts of murder , along with conspiracy to commit murder , extortion , narcotics distribution and money laundering charges , the FBI said . He could receive a life sentence if convicted on the more serious charges . Bulger had been living in a Santa Monica apartment and was arrested outside it , the FBI said . Neither he nor Greig put up a fight , authorities said . After the arrests , members of the Fugitive Task Force , which included the FBI and police , searched the apartment . In addition to the cash , 30 firearms and fake IDs were found , the FBI said . A neighbor of the couple , Catalina Schlank , said Greig once confided in her that Bulger was in the early stages of Alzheimer 's . A general manager at Michael 's , a Santa Monica restaurant , said the pair had dined there a few times . They made their reservations under the name of "  Mr. Gasko " through an Internet reservation service , Andrew Turner said . The couple , who lived two blocks away , kept to themselves and always sat at table 23 in the corner of the garden patio , lush with trees and plants , Turner told CNN . In September 2009 , Bulger and Greig allegedly ordered two Grey Goose vodka cocktails , two Chardonnays and foie gras as an appetizer . For an entree , Bulger ate a 10-ounce , 28-day aged New York strip streak , and Greig ate lobster , Turner said . The bill : $ 192 , plus tip , Turner said . "  They were pleasant but they kind of kept to themselves and certainly did not have , as far as I can tell , any interaction with any other guests , " the manager added . The fugitives ' run from the law ended Wednesday . A tipster called the FBI 's Los Angeles office on Tuesday , and the information led authorities to the apartment , said Steven Martinez , FBI assistant director in charge in Los Angeles . He would not divulge the city from which the call came . The end of the manhunt came within days of the FBI launching a publicity campaign , airing ads about Greig in 14 markets across the country where the couple was known to have ties , authorities said . The arrests were a "  direct result " of the media campaign , authorities said . But some law enforcement officials outside the FBI say that the media campaign explanation could be a cover for something else . These non-FBI sources said it seems too easy that after so many years on the run and so much exposure , suddenly a public service announcement that does n't even appear in Los Angeles leads to a tip . They hinted that maybe the explanation was a smokescreen to protect the real tipster from any harm . Tom Fuentes , former FBI assistant director , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that the agency is capable of protecting the tipster no matter how the information came in and there is no reason for a ruse . The version that Fuentes heard from investigators in the case and others is that "  the person that called in the tip did not see the direct announcement but saw the media coverage that the FBI had done an announcement on one of the cable network channels , and they would n't tell me which one . " A law enforcement official with knowledge of the case verified that version of events . A "  tipster was watching national coverage of the FBI campaign , went to fbi.gov , where they saw additional photos , then called the FBI with the tip , " the official said . The Boston FBI officially buttressed that assertion Friday . "  Any claim that the FBI knew Mr. Bulger 's whereabouts prior to the FBI 's publicity efforts this week are completely unfounded , " FBI Special Agent Richard DesLauriers said in a statement . "  When we learned his location , he was arrested promptly . " Carmen Ortiz , U.S. attorney for the District of Massachusetts , said she believes the death penalty is not an option in the federal charges Bulger faces in her district , but that she believes he could face the death penalty for two cases outside the district -- in Florida and Oklahoma . Dick Lehr , who wrote a book about Bulger , described him as a cold-blooded killer whose gang went to lengths to avoid detection . "  When they killed someone -- this is pre-DNA -- they pulled the teeth out , cut the fingers off , tried to make it so the victims , if they were discovered from their graves , could n't be identified . There 's just no bottom . It does n't get much uglier than someone like Whitey Bulger , " Lehr told Cooper . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Sheila Steffen , Michael Martinez , Drew Griffin and Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	NEW : Restaurant manager recalls the pair 's fancy meal James "  Whitey " Bulger looks forward to facing charges , attorney says Bulger 's brother , a former state senator , smiled at the former fugitive during proceedings James Bulger 's girlfriend appears in separate hearing
Nanjing , China  CNN  -- Limited investment options in China means real estate has been a popular choice for consumers looking to expand their portfolios . This , in turn , has helped push China 's housing prices through the roof but many argue that it 's unstoppable , unstable , overpriced and in some cases , even corrupt . Those hoping to buy should expect to pay a hefty price . In the final months of 2013 , home prices in major cities were running about 10 % higher than the previous year . To cool the housing market , the Chinese government has initiated a campaign to build 36 million affordable homes by 2015 . I traveled to Nanjing recently on a program organized by London-based think tank , Institute for Strategic Dialogue , to find out whether this policy has room to succeed . The city was the scene of an unusual protest in September last year . A Chinese man walked into a housing exposition with six crabs tied to a string , each one bearing a sticker . It was n't done for laughs . The Nanjing resident was voicing his anger at developers whom he called "  crawling crabs . " Pictures shared online on Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , showed the writing on the stickers -- each one read "  high housing prices " and "  high land prices . " This was n't a protest you would normally associate with China but it 's a complaint that is gaining more and more traction in Nanjing and one I heard many times during this trip to the capital of Jiangsu province in eastern China . Demand for homes Driving through this city of eight million people , I found it hard to believe that housing is an issue here . On every street there is a protected wall of construction -- and that 's at street level . Look up and towering above is skyscraper after skyscraper . Despite the speed of urbanization , there are not enough homes for everyone . It 's easy to understand why : Workers are leaving the suburbs and rural areas to seek a new life in the bright lights of the city . As a consequence , demand has pushed house prices to rise as high as the expanding skyline . According to China 's National Statistics Bureau , prices for homes in the largest cities have seen an even steeper rise . In December , home prices in Beijing , Shanghai and Shenzhen increased by 16 % to 20 % over the previous year . In Nanjing , prices have increased by 15.6 % . Some economists say runaway growth in this sector is the biggest threat to China 's economic stability . Many , like the crab protester , "  have lost their faith or their trust of the government in controlling the real estate price , " Shen Zhushi , a senior partner at Zhejiang Oversees Investment said . To boost the supply to middle-income families , and in many ways calm discontent over lack of affordable property in cities like Beijing , the government has implemented measures it argues will help to curb house prices . Among the measures : Higher stamp duties and restrictions on the number of homes individuals can own . Beijing also promised penalties for local governments that do not curb prices , saying officials "  will be held accountable " in the event of failure . During my visit , I saw little sign of a cooling market . Those I met felt it was practically impossible to buy a house in the city . I talked with a small group of the four million recent graduates who are struggling to get on the property ladder . Out of the ten I met , only one has been able to buy a home . Another , who wants me to call him Liang , tells me he desperately wants to buy . But for an average worker , it will take five to ten years of savings for a deposit . For a farmer , perhaps even 20 years , Liang added . To help correct the imbalance between supply and demand and ease the burden on the big cities and more importantly the financial burden on its people , the Chinese government finished building four million units of affordable housing by the end of September , according to the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development . Visiting an affordable housing complex In Nanjing , since 2002 more than 90 affordable housing projects have been allocated . And on the ground , it 's full power ahead with construction . Yong Xu , the chief engineer of the Nanjing Affordable Housing Construction Group , told me the municipal government of Nanjing has built 9.66 million square meters of new affordable homes . I traveled some 45 minutes from the city center to see one of the projects for myself . From far away , the government 's commitment looks good . A closer inspection gave me a somewhat different view . The place I visited is called Maigaoqiao venture park project in the Qixia district . High rise buildings practically touch shoulders -- it 's a clinical , even soulless environment . The only bit of color seems to pop from the nurseries surrounding it ; their faÃ § ade still being painted during my visit . I took an elevator to the fourth floor to see one of the apartments . As I entered , a flat-screen TV blasted a Chinese war movie , and adorning one of the shelves was a tiny statue of Chairman Mao . The owner , identified as Mr. Feng , told me he received compensation for moving out of his home in the city center . Despite his forced move , and with officials listening to his every word , he told me he 's happy here . He does n't even flinch when he 's asked by another journalist whether his hour-long commute to work is worth the relocation . Back outside in the communal area , I bumped into a retired worker called Mao and his grandson . Mao told me through a translator that he 's been living here for a month because the house where he lived in the center of Nanjing was torn down to make way for commercial buildings . In return , he was given an apartment , some cash and was told where he would be living . No one asked him where he wished to reside . Despite the picture officials want to portray here of community and generosity , there was definitely a feeling of abandonment and isolation . Not surprising really , there are few buses here , it takes an hour to get to the city center and just the same to get to a hospital . Risk of corruption The campaign to build 36 million affordable homes by 2015 is seen as a centerpiece of Beijing 's strategy to cool its red-hot property market . But from my visit and interactions it seems to have been quite a long way from being a success . Not only has it , and other measures , failed to stem rising property prices -- some have linked the scheme to corruption , with many arguing that only those with connections can obtain affordable homes at a fair price . In January last year , it was reported in China that Zhai Zhenfeng , the director of a municipal housing bureau in the city of Zhengzhou was detained and accused of illegally owning some 29 properties , 11 of which were affordable houses owned by his daughter . This is just one case . China 's National Audit Office says it has discovered local governments mismanaging around $ 465 million set aside for these buildings last year . I put a question about corruption to Nanjing 's Party Secretary Yang Weize . "  Would you agree your policy in curbing property prices has not succeeded and that instead become a hotbed for corruption ? " I asked . The party secretary admitted they face many challenges . "  I do not deny that the real estate industry has corruption especially where there 's an imbalance between supply and demand . But I do not think corruption is the root cause of high house prices , " Yang said . Instead , he looked at the infancy of China 's real estate market . "  Its uniqueness is that our market only began 30 years ago , when we started reforms . That means that it has n't matured enough , " he said . Beijing-based economist Xu Gao from Everbright Securities told me the government urgently needed to implement stronger property control measures . One of the challenges is at a local level -- some district authorities have been accused of auctioning off land , and in many cases resisting or circumventing Beijing 's efforts to cool down the market . By selling land at such a high price , the government risks facing a higher cost of living , construction and labor , and that , Xu argued , will undermine competitiveness , leading to a property bubble . Zhou Yinggang , director for the Center for Hospitality and Research at the Chinese University of Hong Kong also pointed to this controlled supply . "  Land supply is strictly controlled by government and land cost is an important driving force of house bubble , " he said . The central government can argue that it 's doing its part to control high inflation , skyrocketing prices and is in the midst of a nationwide clamp down on corruption . It can even proudly state that it 's being socially just in providing affordable homes for many . Right now that will do little to soothe the concerns faced by the Nanjing crab protester and many others like him whose home ownership dream remains a far-off fantasy . Related story : China 's crazy property bubble	Increased demand for housing has made prices in Nanjing , China shoot through the roof Beijing needs to do more to cool down the market , analysts say CNN reporter visits affordable housing precinct in Nanjing
The Frisky  -- We love men . In fact , we adore them . We like their bodies , their brains , and their strange way of doing things . So it 's always a tricky tightrope when you 're dealing with a guy to know when to be there for him -- and when to cut and run . Since we 're here to help the ladies , we 've created a handy guide that will help you know when your man is just being a dude -- or if you 've got a dud on your hands who needs to be dumped . The Frisky : 7 chubby celebrity men who slimmed down 1 . "  I do n't feel like having sex . " Sure , every man has an off day . But you know what ? Most guys want to have sex all the time . And if you 're not getting it on , on a regular basis , especially because your guy is claiming that he 's just "  not feeling it , " you can bet that your problems are going to turn out to be bigger than a case of the sex blues . In this particular situation , you may want to get to the root of the problem before this supposed dry spell kills your love , too . The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 2 . "  I ca n't stop crying . " Sure , sure , the new man is a metrosexual who is really in touch with his inner-self , does yoga , and gets waxed more than you do . But there 's a limit to how much a woman can tolerate seemingly unmanly behaviors . Crying because there was a death in the family ? Feel free . Prone to weeping at romantic comedies ? Not so much . If your man ca n't control his emotions , and you find yourself feeling like you 're the one wearing the pants in the relationship , you should ask yourself if that 's what you want -- a guy who 'll cry over spilt milk . The Frisky : Boys are taking over pageant contests 3 . "  I 'm thinking about quitting my job . " There are two ways this one can go . He 's dissatisfied with his current work situation , he wants to try something else , and this statement is a prelude to telling you all about his big plans for his next career move . That 's fine . On the other hand , if you 're living together , and one day he declares he 's going to give two-weeks notice today , and so far as you can tell he does n't have any idea what he 'll be doing after that , or how he 'll be paying for his part of your shared bills , this is n't someone who has a work issue . This is someone who has an I-want-my-mommy-to-take-care-of-me issue . 4 . "  I need to tell you something . " This one never , ever ends well . If he has to prepare you for what he 's going to say next , you best brace yourself for what 's coming because it is n't going to be anything good . The Frisky : 12 celebs who denied getting breast implants 5 . "  I think we need to take a break . " Hey , guess what ? This is n't school , and there will be no recess . Relationships are not like a Lego set : created to be dismantled and put back together again . "  Breaks " are what guys who are too weak , scared , or lame suggest because they 're too much of a you-know-what to go ahead and break up with you . Make it easy for this guy . Give him a break from the relationship . A permanent one . The Frisky : Facebook 's new function ? Divorce ! 6 . "  My last girlfriend was crazy . " True , your ex probably said the same thing to his new girlfriend , but you might want to keep an eye on the man whose history includes a long string of relationships with women who are totally temperamental , out of their gourds , or recently released from the state mental hospital . Guys who go out with lunatics think the crazy chick is the issue , but all too frequently he 's the one with the problems . Whether he craves drama , mistakes insanity for passion , or prefers to hook up with ladies who can never truly be intimate , you 're better off letting him move on to the next one -- the next crazy one , that is . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	There 's a limit to how much a woman can tolerate seemingly unmanly behaviors "  I need to tell you something , " never , ever ends well Relationships are not like a Lego set : created to be dismantled and put back together again
On a chilly morning in Barre , Vermont , a random act of kindness warmed the hearts of strangers and spurred another -- and another after that . Kathleen Connors stopped at L&M Diner on Saturday after a 12-hour overnight shift at Central Vermont Medical Center , where she works as a surgical nurse . "  She got her usual breakfast , " L&M manager Tayler Merriam told CNN . "  Hot chocolate with extra whipped cream , a plain pancake and table syrup . " Connors got up to pay her bill , but instead of paying for just herself , she footed the bill for a nearby pair who appeared to be father and son , whom she did n't know . "  I was looking around aimlessly and I had a pocket full of bingo winnings , " Connors said . "  It 's nice to see a family come together on the weekend . " After paying $ 40 for both meals , she got in her truck and went home without a thought . What she did n't know was that her generosity would be repeated -- 46 times -- in the span of 6 hours . "  It was a shocker , " Merriam said , "  It started at 7:30 in the morning and lasted until 10  minutes  after 2 , and we close at 3 . " Customer leaves $ 1,000 tip for dog 's surgery L&M Diner is a relatively small establishment . Housing just 13 booths and 11 seats at the counter , it 's the type of joint that attracts local regulars . Connors is a regular , and she 's known around Barre for her "  bubbly " personality and easygoing nature , according to Merriam . "  I see a lot of people in the restaurant business and she 's one of those people you can carry on a conversation with , " Merriam said . Connors moved to Vermont 10 months ago after living in Massachusetts for the majority of her life . She stops at L&M Diner about twice a week after her shifts at the hospital , just like she did Saturday . "  This is my way of showing my appreciation for Vermont . I love Vermont and I could n't be happier . I love where I work , I love where I live and I love the people around me , " Connors told CNN affiliate WCAX .	A Vermont nurse paid for another table 's meal at a diner after work Almost 50 other diners at the restaurant kept the ` pay it forward ' chain alive Kathleen Connors says she did n't know her generosity would go so far
CNN  -- High up in the Heritage Foundation 's headquarters , a conservative "  who 's who " gathered last week to screen a movie . Conservative media critic Brent Bozell III , who once called much of Hollywood 's work "  clearly out of bounds , offensive and dangerous , " heaped praise on the production and its producer . The producer was famously liberal , award-winning movie mogul Harvey Weinstein , who has produced some of Hollywood 's most controversial films . The film is "  The Giver " -- based on the 1993 Newberry Medal-winning novel by Lois Lowry -- which hit big screens Friday . The dystopian story is based on a script shepherded into production by actor Jeff Bridges , a Hollywood liberal icon who some are floating as a Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate in Montana .  Bridges has ruled out a run . "  The Giver , " which stars Bridges and liberal donor and actress Meryl Streep , tells the story of Jonas , a boy living in a seeming utopia without hunger , pain or war who breaks free of the stifling , colorless "  sameness " when he learns the true horror of how this idyllic state is achieved -- through coercion and memory suppression . Box office report : ` The Giver ' rounds out top 5 Conservatives like Bozell and Heritage Foundation president and former Sen. Jim DeMint see a not-so-subtle message against overreaching government power . "  The Giver " demonstrates how even well-intended government can wind up crushing individual freedoms , turning utopian dreams into dystopian reality . "  It 's refreshing to see Hollywood produce a cautionary tale that demonstrates the danger and sadness inherent in relying on government to protect us from all unpleasantness , " DeMint told CNN . Review : ` The Giver ' based on cerebral gobbledygook Weinstein disputes the political message that conservatives like DeMint see at the movie 's core . He told CNN the movie was made "  without a political agenda . Lois Lowry 's iconic novel was written to make us all think about the importance of things like free choice , emotions and family , and the movie stays very true to that . " The film is being co-produced by Weinstein and Walden Media , a company owned by billionaire Phil Anschutz that has previously backed family-values fare like the C.S. Lewis-derived series "  Chronicles of Narnia " and pushes "  life-affirming " messages in its films . In addition to numerous business interests , Anschutz owns the conservative Weekly Standard magazine . In contrast to Anschutz 's tame productions , Weinstein has previously backed content like the "  Kill Bill " franchise that has pushed boundaries for its ubiquitous violence . Bozell , who as recently as January feuded with Weinstein over his films ' content , offered praise for "  The Giver " and Weinstein 's production . Trailer Park : ` The Giver ' "  The movie is the complete package -- a good story , well told . ... I tip my hat to  Weinstein  . It 's really laudable that he would do this , " Bozell told CNN . Other prominent cultural conservatives are lining up to praise the film 's message . Catholic Archbishop of Philadelphia Charles Chaput dedicated part of his weekly column to the film , saying , "  This is a wonderful film . Nothing in the movie version of The Giver will offend a family . " University of Southern California professor and expert on Hollywood politics Steven Ross chalks up the strange bedfellows behind "  The Giver " to money . "  Politics is politics , business is business , " he said . "  Hollywood is first and foremost a profit-making industry . " ` The Giver ' : Jeff Bridges ' 18-year dream comes true Ross thinks the partnership results in Weinstein 's group hoping to tap a huge opportunity in the Christian and family values market , while conservative activists "  are thrilled to get their message out into the mainstream . " Bozell agrees that conservatives need to embrace Hollywood 's quality while staying true to their values ; that family values and conservative-themed films need to be "  more professional " to be effective . For his part , Weinstein is "  thrilled that the movie is getting fans from both conservatives and liberals . It shows how universal ideals apply to both sides of the political aisle alike , and maybe Washington and the world 's leaders can learn something from ` The Giver . ' " Calls for comment by CNN to Walden Media and Anschutz were not immediately returned .	"  The Giver " is based on Lois Lowry 's 1993 Newberry Medal-winning novel The film , which opened over the weekend , partners conservatives and liberals Conservatives like the message of the consequences of government overreach Liberal producer Harvey Weinstein says the film was made "  without a political agenda "
CNN  -- Thick , handsome mustaches have long been prized by men throughout the Middle East as symbols of masculine virility , wisdom and maturity . But not all mustaches are created equal , and in recent years , increasing numbers of Middle Eastern men have been going under the knife to attain the perfect specimen . Turkish plastic surgeon Selahattin Tulunay says the number of mustache implants he performs has boomed in the last few years . He now performs 50-60 of the procedures a month , on patients who hail mostly from the Middle East and travel to Turkey as medical tourists . He said his patients generally want thick mustaches as they felt they would make them look mature and dignified . "  For some men who look young and junior , they think  a mustache  is a must to look senior ... more professional and wise , " he said . "  They think it is prestigious . " Pierre Bouhanna is a Paris-based surgeon who , for the past five years , has been performing increasing numbers of mustache implants . He says the majority of his patients come from the United Arab Emirates , Iran , Lebanon and Turkey , with men traveling to France to have the surgery performed . More from Inside the Middle East : Paris Hilton whips up a storm in Mecca "  My impression is more and more they want to establish their male aspect , " he said . "  They want a strong mustache . " Both surgeons use a technique -- follicular unit extraction -- in which groups of hairs are taken from areas of dense hair growth to be implanted in the mustache area . Bouhanna said the patients were generally aged between 30 and 50 , and were able to fly home the day after they had the procedure , which costs about $ 7,000  â ‚ ¬ 5,500  and is performed under local anesthetic . They are able to wash the next day , had to abstain from shaving for 15 days , and could expect to see full results after six months . Tulunay said some of his patients had specific looks in mind . "  They have some celebrities as role models , " he said -- Turkish singer and actor Ibrahim Tatlises had a look that many wished to emulate . Politicians in the region had also sought out his services to boost their appeal to voters . Andrew Hammond , a Saudi Arabia-based journalist and author on Arab popular culture , said the mustache has a long history in the region . "  Having a mustache was always a big thing , ever since the Ottoman time , " he said . "  Most Arab leaders have mustaches , or some form of facial hair . I think culturally it suggests masculinity , wisdom and experience . " More from Inside the Middle East : Fast-food-loving Kuwaitis fight fat with stomach stapling Saddam Hussein 's bushy whiskers were among the world 's most recognizable , but all of Iraq 's presidents before and since have also sported mustaches , as did Nasser and Sadat of Egypt  and the kings and sultans before them  , Turkey 's Erdogan  and the two prime ministers before him  , Syria 's Assad  and his father before him  . Christa Salamandra , an associate professor of anthropology at City University of New York , said that "  traditionally , a luxurious mustache was a symbol of high social status , " and had figured heavily in matters of personal honor in the Arab world . Men swore on their mustaches in sayings and folk tales , used them as collateral for loans and guarantees for promises , and sometimes even shaved their opponents ' lips as a punishment . The notion of a man 's personal honor being bound up with his mustache appears to have survived into more recent times in some areas . In 2008 , militants in Gaza abducted a Fatah opponent and shaved off his mustache to dishonor him , while in 2003 , in the lead up to the Second Gulf War , Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri -- a senior aide to Hussein and , like the rest of the former Iraqi leader 's inner circle , himself mustachioed -- created headlines when he yelled "  Curse be upon your mustache ! " at a Kuwaiti counterpart at an emergency summit of Islamic states . Visitors to the region , too , have long seen a value in growing a mustache to help earn respect . The American diplomat Joel Barlow , who in 1795 was posted as U.S. consul to Algiers , wrote to his wife that he had grown a thick black mustache , which gave him "  the air of a tiger , " and had proved useful in his work in the region . More than 200 years later , a unit of American Marines in Iraq 's Sunni stronghold of Fallujah attempted to follow his example in 2004 , growing mustaches in an attempt to help them win local sympathies . In Turkey , different styles of mustache carry their own political nuances . According to one research paper , mustaches with drooping sides signify a conservative , nationalist bent , left-wingers favor mustaches like Stalin , while a "  political religious " mustache is carefully groomed , with "  cleanliness as its guiding principle . " Jenny Soffel contribued to this story .	Cosmetic surgeons say mustache implants are proving popular The biggest demand for the surgery is from Middle Eastern men Many travel from the region to Turkey or France for the procedure Mustaches have long been prized in the Middle East as a symbol of virility
CNN  -- South African President Jacob Zuma urged his countrymen Monday to keep the ailing Nelson Mandela in their prayers . "  He remains an important symbol of our struggle for liberation and of the successful transition from apartheid colonialism to a non-racial and democratic society , " Zuma said in a New Year message to the nation . Read more : 2012 New Year message by President Jacob Zuma "  We should continue to keep the Mandela family in our thoughts and prayers until Tata has fully recovered . " Mandela is sometimes affectionately known as ` Tata , ' or father in the Xhosa language . Last week , Mandela was discharged from a hospital and will continue receiving treatment at his home in Houghton , a Zuma spokesman said at the time . On Friday , Mandela 's granddaughter Zaziwe Manaway told CNN that there 's no truth to social meida rumors that he 's close to death . Read more : Mandela is at home and alert , wants rumors about death to stop , relative says "  That is absolutely not true . My grandfather is well , " she said . "  It can be very , very hurtful for us to hear these messages out there in the social media that our grandfather is going to go home to die . It is insensitive . " Mandela , 94 , was treated for an acute respiratory infection in 2011 . He was hospitalized for a lung infection on December 8 ; and on December 15 , he underwent surgery for removal of gallstones . Read more : Mandela in hospital for tests ` consistent with his age ' Mandela has not appeared in public since the 2010 World Cup hosted in his country . During the time of apartheid in South Africa , Mandela was convicted of sabotage and was imprisoned for 27 years until 1990 . He and former President F.W. de Klerk , who dismantled apartheid , shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 . A year later , Mandela became the nation 's first black president . South Africa last month issued banknotes bearing the picture of Mandela . Read more : South Africa launches banknotes with Mandela image Despite his rare public appearances in recent years , Mandela retains his popularity and is considered a hero of democracy in the nation . South Africans celebrated his 94th birthday in July by participating in good deeds nationwide to honor the legacy of the famous statesman . Citizens performed at least 67 minutes of public service on his birthday , a reference to the number of years he devoted to helping others . Mandela 's impact has extended far beyond the borders of his own country . After he left office in 1999 , he was involved in international situations ranging from conflicts in Africa to the Mideast . In January 2000 , he addressed the United Nations Security Council , appealing for help in ending the brutal civil war between ethnic Hutus and Tutsis in Burundi . In December 2003 , he participated in the signing of the Geneva Accords for peace in the Middle East . A bronze statue of Mandela was unveiled in Parliament Square in London in 2007 , and in 2009 the United Nations designated July 18 as Mandela Day for that year . Read more : No African leader deemed worthy of leadership award	Nelson Mandela has undergone a series of treatments recently The 94-year-old former president was discharged from the hospital last week Mandela will continue receiving treatment at his home , Zuma says He has not appeared in public since South Africa hosted the World Cup in 2010
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A woman whose group has rescued more than 12,000 women and girls from sex slavery has been named the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year . Anuradha Koirala was chosen by the public in an online poll that ran for eight weeks on CNN.com . CNN 's Anderson Cooper revealed the result at the conclusion of the fourth annual "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " "  Human trafficking is a crime , a heinous crime , a shame to humanity , " Koirala said earlier in the evening after being introduced as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2010 . "  I ask everyone to join me to create a society free of trafficking . We need to do this for all our daughters . " Koirala was introduced by actress Demi Moore , who along with her husband , Ashton Kutcher , created DNA , The Demi and Ashton Foundation , which aims to eliminate child sex slavery worldwide . "  Every day this woman confronts the worst of what humanity has to offer , " Moore said of Koirala . "  She says , ` Stop . Stop selling our girls . ' By raiding brothels and patrolling the India-Nepal border , she saves girls from being sold into the sex trade , where they are being repeatedly raped for profit , tortured and enslaved . "  Since 1993 , she has helped rescue more than 12,000 women and girls . Through her organization Maiti Nepal , she has provided more than a shelter for these girls and young women , she has created a home . It is a place for them to heal , go to school , learn a skill , and for some who are infected with HIV/AIDS , it is the place where they can spend their days surrounded by love . " See Koirala 's fan page on CNN Heroes Koirala will receive $ 100,000 to continue her work with Maiti Nepal , in addition to the $ 25,000 awarded to each of the top 10 Heroes honored . "  This is another responsibility to me to work with all your support , " Koirala told the audience after being named Hero of the Year . "  We have to end this heinous crime . Please join hands with me to end this crime . ... Please try to respect the youth . They are the ones who are going to build the next generation . Thank you so much . " Koirala 's speech capped the gala event , which was taped November 20 before an audience of nearly 5,000 and premiered Thanksgiving night on the global networks of CNN . The show opened with a salute to the 33 Chilean miners and five of the people who rescued them last month after the miners spent 69 days underground . "  For 69 days we were amazed by these 33 brave miners , " Cooper said in welcoming the miners onto the Shrine stage . "  Their ordeal was unthinkable ; their rescue , unbelievable . No one has ever been trapped underground so deep for so long and survived . "  They endured a nightmare , experienced a miracle , and in the end became each others ' brothers and heroes . On behalf of CNN Heroes , we salute all 33 Chilean miners . " After the miners sang the Chilean national anthem , two of them -- speaking through a translator and holding the Chilean flag -- expressed their appreciation . "  We want to thank the world , and we want to thank God for your prayers , " Luis Urzua told the audience in Spanish . "  Our families suffered . Our children suffered , too . But thanks to the prayers of the whole world , we could come out of this difficulty , " Mario Sepulveda added . "  Some of our rescuers are here with us tonight , " Urzua said . "  Thank you for bringing us home . You are our heroes . " CNN brought the miners and their rescuers to the United States to attend the tribute show . The five rescuers were selected to represent the many thousands whose talent and effort led to the dramatic rescue . The top 10 CNN Heroes , chosen by a blue-ribbon panel from an initial pool of more than 10,000 nominations from more than 100 countries , were each honored with a documentary tribute and introduced by a celebrity presenter . The program also featured performances by Grammy Award-winners Bon Jovi , John Legend and Sugarland . Rock legends Bon Jovi performed "  What Do You Got ? , " a new song from their greatest hits album , which came out earlier this month . Legend performed "  Wake Up Everybody " along with hip-hop artist Common and R&B singer Melanie Fiona . Sugarland performed "  Stand Up , " a new song from their album "  The Incredible Machine , " which made its debut in October . All three performances echoed the spirit of the CNN Heroes campaign , which salutes everyday people whose extraordinary accomplishments are making a difference in their communities and beyond . Celebrity presenters included Halle Berry , Demi Moore , Jessica Alba , Kid Rock , LL Cool J , Renee Zellweger , Gerard Butler , Kiefer Sutherland , Marisa Tomei , Aaron Eckhart and Holly Robinson Peete . "  CNN Heroes has illustrated the best of humanity through the telling of stories of selfless acts of kindness , courage and perseverance " said Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide . "  We are honored to bring these Heroes the recognition they so deserve . It is a program the entire CNN family is proud of and excited to share with our viewers on Thanksgiving night . " Again this year , producer/director Joel Gallen served as executive producer of "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " Among his credits , Gallen produced telethon events supporting victims of the Haiti earthquake , the 9/11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina . He won an Emmy Award and a Peabody Award for "  America : A Tribute to Heroes . " Preceding the tribute broadcast , CNN and HLN aired a red carpet special , "  Showbiz Tonight @ CNN Heroes , " at 7 p.m. ET/4 p.m. PT . Hosted by A.J. Hammer and Brooke Anderson , the special featured exclusive coverage of celebrity arrivals and interviews , as well as a celebrity-hosted social media suite tapping into the worldwide online passion and interest in the Heroes event . Here are the 2010 top 10 CNN Heroes in alphabetical order : Guadalupe Arizpe De La Vega founded a hospital in Juarez , Mexico , that cares for about 900 people daily -- regardless of their ability to pay . Despite the escalating violence in the city , the 74-year-old travels there several times a week to make sure residents get the care they need . Learn more about Guadalupe Susan Burton was once caught in a cycle of addiction and incarceration . Today , her nonprofit A New Way of Life Reentry Project provides sober housing and other support services to formerly incarcerated women in California . Learn more about Susan With her weight-loss challenge , Shape Up Vicksburg , Linda Fondren is helping her Mississippi hometown battle the bulge . Through free fitness activities and nutrition classes , residents have lost nearly 15,000 pounds to date . Learn more about Linda Anuradha Koirala is fighting to prevent the trafficking and sexual exploitation of Nepal 's women and girls . Since 1993 , she and her group , Maiti Nepal , have helped rescue and rehabilitate more than 12,000 victims . Learn more about Anuradha Narayanan Krishnan brings hot meals and dignity to India 's homeless and destitute -- 365 days per year -- through his nonprofit Akshaya Trust . Since 2002 , he has served more than 1.2 million meals . Learn more about Narayanan Since 1992 , Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow has dedicated his life to helping people in need . Today , his program , Mary 's Meals -- run from a tin shed in the Scottish highlands -- provides free daily meals to more than 400,000 children around the world . Learn more about Magnus Harmon Parker is using his masonry skills to save lives . Since 1997 he has helped build 45 footbridges over perilous rivers in Kenya , protecting people from flash floods and predatory animals . The bridges also connect isolated villagers to valuable resources . Learn more about Harmon Aki Ra is helping to make his native Cambodia safer by clearing land mines -- many of which he planted years ago as a child soldier . Since 1993 , he and his Cambodian Self Help Demining organization have cleared about 50,000 mines and unexploded weapons . Learn more about Aki Ra Evans Wadongo , 23 , invented a way for rural families in Kenya to replace smoky kerosene and firelight with solar power . Through his Use Solar , Save Lives program , he 's distributed an estimated 10,000 free solar lanterns . Learn more about Evans Since 2005 , Texas home builder Dan Wallrath has given injured Iraq and Afghanistan veterans homes of their own -- mortgage-free . He and his Operation Finally Home team have five new custom homes under construction . Learn more about Dan	Anuradha Koirala named 2010 CNN Hero of the Year at Los Angeles gala Gala included appearance by 33 Chilean miners and five of their rescuers John Legend , Bon Jovi and Sugarland performed ; celebrity presenters included Demi Moore Fourth-annual event taped before an audience of nearly 5,000 at Shrine Auditorium
EW.com  -- Former "  Bachelorette " Jen Schefft and her husband Joe Waterman welcomed their second daughter , Charlotte Grace Waterman , on Tuesday , July 31 , People reports . Schefft married Waterman in 2009 , and the couple welcomed daughter Mae Elizabeth Waterman in 2010 . The reality star tweeted , "  Our little Charlotte Grace Waterman was born 7/31/12 weighing 8lbs 3oz ! She is a doll and we could n't be happier ! " Schefft won "  The Bachelor " in 2003 , and starred on "  The Bachelorette " in 2005 . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jen Schefft gave birth to a girl She won "  The Bachelor " in 2003 and "  The Bachelorette " in 2005 Charlotte Grace Waterman is Schefft and her husband 's second daughter
Washington  CNN  -- A hearing continues Thursday to determine the future of John Hinckley Jr. , who shot President Ronald Reagan and three others in March 1981 . After an expected week and half of testimony , a federal judge will consider whether Hinckley should eventually be released from a mental hospital , where he has been a patient since his 1982 trial . The trial ended in a jury verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity . On Wednesday , Hinckley 's lawyers said he is not dangerous and should eventually be released . But prosecutors are fighting that , saying Hinckley has been deceptive about his activities while on visits to his mother in Williamsburg , Virginia . In opening statements , prosecutor Sarah Chasson said Secret Service agents will testify they performed surveillance on Hinckley without his knowledge earlier this year when he was allowed what he was told was unsupervised free time in Williamsburg . On several occasions in July and September , Hinckley was supposed to go to the movies or shopping but instead went to bookstores where he looked at books about Ronald Reagan and presidential assassins , Chasson said . A requirement of Hinckley 's current visitation program is that plans be laid out detailing what he will do when on his own and that medical staff and the Secret Service are informed . According to Chasson , in the first instance in July , Hinckley was supposed to go to the movie "  Captain America . " Later when he saw his "  treatment team , " Hinckley not only maintained he had gone to the movie , but he enthusiastically recommended it . Chasson also quoted from a 1987 diary entry by Hinckley in which he said "  psychiatry is a guessing game " and doctors "  will never know the true John Hinckley . " "  The hospital does n't know what Mr. Hinckley is thinking , and he wants it that way , " the prosecutor said . Hinckley 's attorney , Barry Levine , said the issue is not whether Hinckley has sometimes been deceptive but whether he is dangerous . "  This man is not dangerous and the evidence shows he is not dangerous , " Levine said . He added that Hinckley is "  flawed " but is "  fundamentally decent . " Levine said that in the two and a half decades that Hinckley has been at St. Elizabeths Hospital in Washington to undergo treatment and during his visits outside that facility , there has "  not been a single act of violence . " Since 1999 , Levine said , Hinckley has been taking a drug called Risperdal . Medical websites describe Risperdal as an antipsychotic medication often used to treat bipolar disorder and schizophrenia . Dr. Tyler Jones , director of psychiatry at St. Elizabeths , testified Hinckley also started taking Zoloft in 2005 after complaining about anxiety . Jones said Hinckley had been diagnosed years ago as suffering from depression and from an unspecified psychotic disorder . But Jones said he 's been in remission for both of those disorders for many years . He said Hinckley also suffers from narcissism , which has improved but is still present . Jones said he has interviewed Hinckley but has not treated him . According to Jones , Hinckley 's treatment team was informed by the Secret Service that Hinckley had not told the truth about his activities during several visits . Jones said the medical staff discussed this issue with Hinckley , who initially did not appear to view the issue as a big deal , but later understood it was a serious issue . Although concerned Hinckley was not truthful about his activities , Jones said , "  We did n't feel this constituted an increased risk . " The staff decided to reduce Hinckley 's Christmas visit to his mother from 10 days to five days , and he will not be allowed to have any unaccompanied activities during that December stay . Jones said the staff had considered stronger action including the possibility of revoking Hinckley 's privileges altogether . A September filing by prosecutors said Hinckley "  continues to be deceptive regarding his relationships with and interest in women . " According to the document , in June of 2009 he went on the Internet to find photos of his female dentist . "  When he was caught , Hinckley claimed , falsely , that the dentist had invited him to view her personal photographs . " Asked about the photographs of the dentist , Jones said the photographs were of the woman graduating from dental school and were "  not salacious . " He said the hospital considers Hinckley "  a low risk of violence to himself and others . " Currently , Hinckley is allowed to visit his mother 10 days a month . On July 29 , St. Elizabeths Hospital filed a proposal to increase that . The first step would allow Hinckley to have two visits of 17 days . That would be followed by six visits of 24 days . According to the September government filing opposing the plan , the hospital would then "  be given the sole discretion to place Hinckley on convalescent leave in his mother 's hometown . " After the judge and all the lawyers were in place , Hinckley , now 56 , entered the court wearing a brown sports jacket , dark pants and a striped tie . He shook hands with all his lawyers and sat down . U.S. District Judge Paul Friedman greeted Hinckley and he replied , saying , "  Good morning . " Hinckley 's defense team has listed him as a possible witness at the proceedings but has not revealed if he will definitely testify . Prosecutors want to cross-examine Hinckley and his defense lawyers oppose that . Mental health experts and Secret Service agents will testify , along with Hinckley 's brother and sister . Hinckley 's mother is now 85 years old and is not a scheduled witness . It 's not clear how quickly the judge might issue a ruling on the hospital 's plan to gradually allow Hinckley greater freedom . On March 30 , 1981 , Hinckley waited for President Reagan to leave a Washington Hotel after a speech . He opened fire and hit Reagan , his press secretary James Brady , Secret Service agent Timothy McCarthy and Washington police officer Thomas Delahanty . All survived , but Brady suffered a serious head wound that permanently affected his mobility and his speech . Hinckley , who was 25 at the time of the shooting , was enamored of actress Jodie Foster . He left a letter addressed to her in his Washington hotel room saying , "  Dear Jodie . There is a definite possibility I will be killed in my attempt to get Reagan . "	Defense attorneys want John Hinckley to be transitioned out of a mental hospital "  The hospital does n't know what Mr. Hinckley is thinking , " the prosecutor says The hearing may determine whether to eventually free him from a mental hospital After John Hinckley shot Reagan , he was found not guilty by reason of insanity
Paris  CNN  One of the two main terrorists accused in this week 's attacks in Paris had a long history of jihad and anti-Semitism , according to court documents that CNN obtained in conjunction with French newsmagazine L'Express . In a 400-page court record , Cherif Kouachi was described as wanting to travel to Iraq through Syria "  to go and combat the Americans . " On Friday , security forces surrounded and killed Kouachi , 32 , and his older brother , Said , 34 , in Dammartin-en-Goele , France , the town 's mayor said . The Kouachi brothers were wanted in Wednesday 's massacre at the offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris that left 12 people dead . In the 2007 French court documents , Cherif Kouachi stated in a deposition , "  I was ready to go and die in battle , " and "  I got this idea when I saw the injustices shown by television on what was going on over there . I am speaking about the torture that the Americans have inflicted on the Iraqis . " The court documents -- dated December 2007 -- stem from a 2005 arrest . They say Cherif Kouachi was raised in orphanages and foster homes from a young age , and became involved in a group in Paris ' 19th arrondissement . He was arrested with other young men from that part of Paris for a conspiracy to go to Iraq and fight as jihadists . In the documents , prosecutors outlined strong details of Kouachi 's interest in jihad , interest in martyrdom and strong links to anti-Semitism , attacking and killing Jews . Kouachi stated he came to the idea of jihad through Farid Benyettou , a well-known spiritual leader who 's been long associated in France with supporting jihad and terrorism , and is associated with a mosque in the 19th arrondissement . Through Benyettou , Kouachi was studying how to wield arms and use Kalashnikovs . Under a section titled "  Motivations of Influence " describing Kouachi , court records said he stated "  the wise leaders in Islam told him and his friends that if they die as martyrs in jihad they would go to heaven " and "  that martyrs would be greeted by more than 60 virgins in a big palace in heaven . " The documents also said , "  F  or him any place on earth where there is such an injustice is justification for jihad ; what was going on Iraq was in his eyes such an injustice . " The mosque , called La Mosquee de Stalingrad , has since been demolished and appears to be under construction . Court records show Kouachi said he did n't consider himself a good enough Muslim , and said he had only been to the mosque two or three times before he met Benyettou , and he had been smoking cannabis . Kouachi told investigators he committed himself to the idea of jihad during Ramadan in 2004 . He told his friends he was going to Syria to fight . The documents say when police interviewed his accomplices they stated that Kouachi "  said he was ready to firebomb and to destroy Jewish shops in Paris . " When officials confronted Kouachi with that information , he told them "  that 's not exactly what I said . ... I do n't hide having proposed anti-Semitic ideas , but I would note that I never really would have done that . "	Court documents stemming from 2005 arrest show Cherif Kouachi 's interest in jihad Security forces kill Kouachi and brother after standoff over Paris terror attacks Documents : Kouachi wanted to travel to Iraq via Syria "  to go and combat the Americans "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Officials from the United Nations and the Gulf Cooperation Council were in Sanaa , Yemen , on Monday , hoping to help organize a peaceful transfer of power as witnesses reported violence in the streets . Thirty-one people were killed Monday in clashes in Yemen -- 28 in Sanaa and three in Taiz , according to medical officials . On Sunday , at least 26 protesters were killed and more than 550 were wounded -- hundreds of them by gunshots -- when security forces fired live bullets and tear gas at a massive demonstration in the city , a medic said . The death toll was expected to rise because some were in critical condition , witnesses said . The U.S. Embassy in Yemen issued a statement saying the United States "  regrets the deaths and injuries of many people " in the protests Sunday . "  In this tense situation , we call upon all parties to exercise restraint . In particular , we call on the parties to refrain from actions that provoke further violence . " The U.S. government remains hopeful for a peaceful transition , the statement said . "  Yemen is on a knife edge , " Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa , said in a statement issued Monday . "  Those who have been protesting peacefully for change are increasingly frustrated by the political deadlock . Meanwhile , eruptions of violence point to a growing risk of civil war . The Yemeni authorities must stop the use of excessive force before the violence spirals out of control . " The Yemeni government has repeatedly denied accusations of excessive use of force , and said the government is committed to establishing a peaceful transfer of power . Yemeni officials have said forces cracked down on those committing acts of violence during protests . State-run news agency said Monday that "  militias , armed gangs of the Muslim brotherhood , and the Al Ahamar gang and al Qaeda snipers " had attacked parts of the capital , even hospitals . "  The attack on security personnel and civilians continued Monday , resulting in casualties , " state-run Saba News Agency reported . Amnesty said that since February , 200 people have been killed and more than 1,000 have been injured in protests in Yemen "  as security forces have repeatedly used excessive force , including by firing live ammunition at peacefully gathered protesters . " U.N. envoy to Yemen Jamal Benomar and Gulf Cooperation Council Secretary General Abdul Latif al-Zayyani arrived in Yemen on Monday , Saba reported . They will be discussing a GCC proposal for transferring power , the agency said . The proposal , led by the six Arab nations that make up the council , was put forward in May . It would allow Yemen 's embattled President Ali Abdullah Saleh to transfer his executive powers to Vice President Abd Rabo Mansou Hadi within 30 days . According to the proposal , Saleh would then formally resign . Saleh initially indicated he would go along with it , but then refused to sign . The ongoing violence is stepping up pressure for a transition . On Monday , troops were seen shooting randomly at protesters as demonstrations continued throughout the capital on almost every street , witnesses said . All roads leading to Change Square , where thousands have been conducting a seven-month sit-in to call for the resignation of Saleh , remained closed Monday . Saleh , who is recuperating in Saudi Arabia from a June attack on his palace , has vowed to return to Yemen to finish his term . The state-run Saudi Press Agency said King Abdallah bin Abdelaziz Al Saud met Monday with Saleh , who expressed gratitude for the medical care . The king wished "  all our brothers in Yemen will overcome the current crisis , " SPA reported . A video on YouTube Monday purports to show the body of a 10-month-old child killed by gunmen in Sanaa . According to a medical team in Change Square , the baby was inside his father 's vehicle when a stray bullet hit him in the middle of the forehead . The uprising in Yemen is part of the so-called "  Arab Spring , " in which protesters seeking political reforms have taken to the streets in many countries throughout the Middle East and North Africa .	NEW : Monday 's death toll up to 31 , including 28 in Sanaa , medical officials say "  Yemen is on a knife edge , " an Amnesty International official says The Yemeni government says gangs and al Qaeda snipers attacked the capital A YouTube video purports to show a 10-month-old baby shot in the forehead
New York  CNN  Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri , who was convicted of supporting al Qaeda and Taliban terrorists , was sentenced to life in prison Friday by a federal judge in New York . A federal jury in Manhattan convicted al-Masri in May of aiding kidnappers during a 1998 hostage-taking in Yemen , sending a young recruit to jihadists in Afghanistan , violating U.S. sanctions against the Taliban , and attempting to establish an al Qaeda-style training camp on the West Coast of the United States . "  Abu Hamza 's blood-soaked journey from cleric to convict , from Imam to inmate , is now complete , " Preet Bharara , United States attorney for the Southern District of New York , said in a statement after sentencing . "  After years of fighting extradition , Abu Hamza finally faced justice , as all those who engage in terrorism against innocent civilians must , here in the U.S. , and all around the globe , as the terrible events in Paris remind us . " On Friday , the cleric had a scruffy beard and wore a blue prison jumpsuit . He entered the courtroom with his arms exposed and without a prosthetic , which he put on occasionally to write . The high-profile London mosque leader gained notoriety for the metal hook he is sometimes depicted wearing in place of one of his missing hands , but he wore only an occasional writing prosthesis in the Manhattan courtroom during his monthlong trial . Contrary to stories that he lost the limbs in battle , al-Masri testified , his maiming was the result of an engineering accident . In imposing the life term , U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest told al-Masri : "  I do n't believe the world would be safe with you in 10 years , 15 years or longer . " Al-Masri , 56 , was found guilty of participating in a hostage-taking in Yemen in 1998 that resulted in four deaths , a conspiracy to establish a terrorist training camp in Bly , Oregon , and sending a follower to train and fight with al Qaeda in Afghanistan in 2000 . The cleric was extradited from the United Kingdom , where he had been convicted of inciting racial hatred and soliciting murder with his fiery sermons . A highlight of the trial came when al-Masri took the stand in his own defense and accused federal prosecutors of using "  pay-as-you-go witnesses " and a "  cut-and-paste " approach to his inflammatory comments , including statements about his admiration for late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Lawyers for al-Masri asked the judge to send him to a medical facility instead of prison but Forrest said that decision will be made by the Federal Bureau of Prisons . CNN 's Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri was convicted of supporting al Qaeda and Taliban terrorists Al-Masri was sentenced to life in prison by a federal judge in New York Judge Katherine Forrest tells al-Masri , "  I do n't believe the world would be safe with you in 10 years , 15 years or longer "
CNN  -- Influential British rock band The Stone Roses announced on Tuesday they will reform for several concerts next year after a 15-year hiatus . The big question is : Will they be any good ? I 've certainly got high hopes for the reunion shows . One thing the Manchester band -- noted for their mix of psychedelic rock and dance rhythms -- always prided themselves on was their ability as musicians and John , Reni and Mani were a very tight unit live . Those three in particular will want to make sure the gigs are as tight and musically stunning as possible , not only for their own reputations , but to improve The Stone Roses ' legacy . Those of us who saw them at Reading 1996  without Squire and Reni , who had left by then  were horrified by the extremely poor show the band called The Stone Roses put on . I could n't stand it and had to leave early . Watch The Stone Roses ' press conference These shows will have to be good to erase that stain . There 's always a bit of a question about Ian Brown 's tuning , but that 's almost part of his charm as a frontman . He 's good on vibes . The issue of whether it 's right for old bands to attempt to recreate their glory days depends on the context . Bands who have reached their peak fade away and then comeback tend to do themselves no favors . But when there is unfinished business -- for example when Blur fell out with Graham Coxon in 2000 it did n't feel like a fitting end for such a seminal band -- reunions give the fans what they want : a chance to see a band one more time and a better end to their relationship with that group . Watch the band in their heyday When the fans are n't interested , or bothered , then you know it 's just for the money and it 's just sad . I think The Stone Roses had a lot of unfinished business . In an era where music is consumed so quickly , the return of older bands does give fans a chance to experience something a bit more substantial and emotionally satisfying than contemporary acts ; it 's harder to have that kind of relationship with a band who are old hat after just one single . However it does make it harder for bands to progress their careers , if reformed acts are soaking up a lot of the live market for example . For example very few new bands who emerged in the last 10 years have been trusted to headline a major summer festival , organizers will not take a gamble on new talent , if there 's a sure-thing reunion lurking around . It 's a tough balance , but it 's reflective of most people 's record collections -- a mix of old and new music . So we 'll have to see if there is an artistic justification for a resurrected Stone Roses . Blur in 2009 in particular felt justified , not only because we got to see how a artistically mature Damon Albarn and Coxon would perform together live -- rather than going mental as they did a bit in the early days -- but they also recorded the single "  Fools Day " which was a welcome addition to the Blur catalog , and their Glastonbury performance was one of their greatest in that festival 's already esteemed history .	Influential British rock band The Stone Roses to reform after 15-year hiatus Music writer says group will want gigs to improve The Stone Roses ' legacy Paul Stokes says older groups allow fans to experience better quality music But he says reformed acts are in danger of soaking up much of the live market
New York  CNN  -- The winner of last week 's $ 338 million Powerball jackpot is expected to appear in a New Jersey court Monday on a warrant for unpaid child support . Pedro Quezada , 44 , the father of five children ages 5 to 23 , owes back child support totaling $ 29,000 , according to William Maer of the Passaic County Sheriff 's Office . It is not clear which children would be covered by the payments . A warrant for the unpaid sum was issued in 2009 and was stayed by a judge pending Quezada 's expected court appearance . On Thursday , Quezada 's son , Casiano , said his father has hired an attorney and is "  working through it . " Attempts to reach the attorney representing Quezada were unsuccessful . Maer said that a child support warrant usually leads to payment , a scheduled payment plan or arrest . Maer could not comment further on the Quezada case because the investigation is ongoing . Every person who wins more than $ 600 in the lottery is checked for outstanding taxes , liens , child support payments and the like , according to Judith Drucker , public relations manager for the New Jersey Lottery . The funds owed are taken out of the final payment from the lottery winner , she added . Quezada has chosen a cash payment of his lottery prize that will amount to approximately $ 152 million after taxes . Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	Powerball winner owes $ 29,000 in back child support , authorities say He is expected in a New Jersey court on a warrant , sheriff 's office says Lottery winners are investigated for outstanding debts , lottery official says
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama got some political cover Sunday for his upcoming announcement on sending more troops to Afghanistan . A report released by the Democratic staff of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee blamed the Bush administration for failing to capture or kill Osama bin Laden when the al Qaeda leader was cornered in Afghanistan 's Tora Bora mountain region in December 2001 . The report , released Sunday , said the situation in Afghanistan presented greater problems today because of the failure to nab bin Laden eight years ago . Bin Laden had written his will , apparently sensing he was trapped , but the lack of sufficient forces to close in for the kill allowed him to escape to tribal areas in Pakistan , according to the report . It said former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and top U.S. commander Gen. Tommy Franks held back the necessary forces for a "  classic sweep-and-block maneuver " that could have prevented bin Laden 's escape . "  It would have been a dangerous fight across treacherous terrain , and the injection of more U.S. troops and the resulting casualties would have contradicted the risk-averse , ` light footprint ' model formulated by Rumsfeld and Franks , " the report said . When criticized later for not zeroing in on bin Laden , administration officials , including former Vice President Dick Cheney , responded that the al Qaeda leader 's location was uncertain . "  But the review of existing literature , unclassified government records and interviews with central participants underlying this report removes any lingering doubts and makes it clear that Osama bin Laden was within our grasp at Tora Bora , " the report said . On Tuesday , Obama will travel to West Point , New York , to announce his decision on a request by his commanding general in Afghanistan for up to 40,000 additional troops . Obama is expected to send more than 30,000 U.S. troops and seek further troop commitments from NATO allies as part of a counterinsurgency strategy to wipe out al Qaeda elements and stabilize the country while training Afghan forces . By releasing the report Sunday , Sen. John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , focused attention on the past failure of the Bush administration to take out bin Laden , saying that had created a greater problem today . "  Our inability to finish the job in late 2001 has contributed to a conflict today that endangers not just our troops and those of our allies , but the stability of a volatile and vital region , " Kerry , D-Massachusetts , wrote in a letter of transmittal for the report . When Kerry was the Democratic presidential nominee in 2004 , he argued that the Bush administration botched the pursuit of bin Laden and that then-President George W. Bush "  took his eye off the ball " in Afghanistan to invade Iraq . The accusations were hotly disputed by Bush supporters and Franks . However , Gary Berntsen , the CIA operative who led the pursuit of bin Laden at Tora Bora , said in 2005 that his request for up to 800 U.S. troops to cut off the al Qaeda leader 's escape route was denied . Sen. Richard Lugar , the ranking Republican on the Foreign Relations committee , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the new report "  does serve as a convenient way for , perhaps , Democrats to say once again , there 's another failing of the past administration " and that "  all the problems have accumulated . " "  I think we have to accept that there were many failings , " said Lugar , of Indiana . "  But the problem right now is , what do we do presently ? What will the president 's plan be ? How much confidence do we have in this president and this plan ? " Democratic Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island , responding to Lugar 's comment , told CNN that Obama faced "  the culmination of decisions that were made eight years " earlier , which he said "  made the situation much more difficult " today . According to the report , "  removing the al Qaeda leader from the battlefield eight years ago would not have eliminated the worldwide extremist threat . " "  But the decisions that opened the door for his escape to Pakistan allowed bin Laden to emerge as a potent symbolic figure who continues to attract a steady flow of money and inspire fanatics worldwide , " it said . The report called bin Laden 's escape "  a lost opportunity that forever altered the course of the conflict in Afghanistan and the future of international terrorism , leaving the American people more vulnerable to terrorism , laying the foundation for today 's protracted Afghan insurgency and inflaming the internal strife now endangering Pakistan . " The report also highlighted bin Laden 's will , dated December 14 , 2001 , as an indication of the dire situation he faced . "  Bin Laden expected to die , " it said , noting that a copy of the will that surfaced later is regarded as authentic . "  Allah commended to us that when death approaches any of us that we make a bequest to parents and next of kin and to Muslims as a whole , " the report quoted bin Laden 's will as saying , adding that he "  instructed his wives not to remarry and apologized to his children for devoting himself to " holy war . However , the report said , "  fewer than 100 American commandos were on the scene with their Afghan allies and calls for reinforcements to launch an assault were rejected . " "  Requests were also turned down for U.S. troops to block the mountain paths leading to sanctuary a few miles away in Pakistan , " it continued . "  The vast array of American military power , from sniper teams to the most mobile divisions of the Marine Corps and the Army , was kept on the sidelines . Instead , the U.S. command chose to rely on airstrikes and untrained Afghan militias to attack bin Laden and on Pakistan 's loosely organized Frontier Corps to seal his escape routes . "  On or around December 16 , two days after writing his will , bin Laden and an entourage of bodyguards walked unmolested out of Tora Bora and disappeared into Pakistan 's unregulated tribal area . Most analysts say he is still there today . "	Report released by Senate panel blames Bush officials for bin Laden escape "  Bin Laden expected to die , " report says , noting that a copy of his will was found "  Requests were also turned down for U.S. troops to block the mountain paths , " report says
Barcelona  CNN  -- BlackBerry CEO John Chen says the company will focus on attracting and keeping business customers as he implements his strategy to reverse its decline . Speaking in Barcelona , where he unveiled the company 's new Z3 and Q20 smartphones on Tuesday , Chen said : "  My turnaround strategy relies on the enterprise customer for the next one to two years . "  In the meantime I actually want to make sure that we still have a very keen eye on the consumer space . "  By that time I hope if all my plans work -- a big if -- we will be a much more financially solid company , at which point in time you will see us being more aggressive into the other space . " The Z3 and Q20 will be the first products to emerge from BlackBerry 's partnership with electronics maker Foxconn . Under the five-year agreement , Foxconn will develop and manufacture certain BlackBerry handsets , while the company focuses on software and its BlackBerry Messsaging service , BBM . Although they unveiled the Q20 smartphone , which combines a physical keyboard with a 3.5-inch touchscreen , the company did n't show a prototype in Barcelona . Speaking about the production of the Z3 , Chen said : "  It 's the first collaboration between us and Foxconn . I do n't think anybody has been able to put a phone together at this level this quickly and it will get into the hands of our consumers in exactly four months . "  The deal was signed between us and Foxconn on December 12 , 2013 , and we will see it in April . " BBM has been a talking point at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , following Facebook 's blockbuster acquisition of messaging service WhatsApp last week for $ 19 billion . BBM boasts around 85 million monthly active users , compared with more than 450 million for WhatsApp . Asked if he would consider selling off BBM , Chen said : "  I run a public company . Anything that 's good for our shareholder I have to entertain . Having said that , BBM is a huge part of our strategy going forwards . "  There are a lot more features and functionality that will be built up on it . It 's an integral part of what value do we add to the enterprise -LSB- customer -RSB- and why should they continue with us . " BlackBerry unveiled a new version of its messaging service Tuesday called BBM Protected , with a focus on increased security for business clients . He said raising confidence inside and outside the company is the biggest challenge he faces in the next 12 months . "  I need to make sure the employee is confident . I 'm making a lot of changes which are a little more of a departure from the norms of the past . "  I 've been in the business long enough to know this is really about ` show me . ' At the end of the day they want to see that we can make progress as a company both in product and financially . Until I do that , all these things are interesting , relevant , capture a lot of attention , but the real potential can not be realized until we make money and then the company starts believing in itself . " Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg : WhatsApp ` worth more than $ 19 billion '	Chen : "  My strategy relies on the enterprise customer for the next one to two years " Z3 and Q20 are first products emerging from partnership with electronics maker Foxconn Asked if he would consider selling off BBM , Chen said : "  I run a public company . " "  Potential can not be realized until we make money and then the company starts believing in itself "
CNN  Singapore Changi Airport has been crowned the best in the world for the second year in a row at the World Airport Awards , announced Wednesday in Barcelona , Spain . Changi , which also won the award for best airport leisure amenities , beat out second-place Incheon International Airport in South Korea and third-place Munich Airport in Germany . The awards are based on surveys conducted by Skytrax , an international travel research and consultants firm , which polled 12.85 million passengers across 110 nationalities about 395 airports worldwide . 7 of the world 's most entertaining airports "  Changi Airport offers a travel experience in itself and continues to develop its quality standards to be named the world 's favourite airport again , " Edward Plaisted , CEO of Skytrax , said in a news release . "  Changi Airport is a well-known leader and innovator for the airport industry and genuinely delights and surprises travellers who are lucky enough to enjoy the airport facilities . Changi Airport demonstrates how to make the airport experience an enjoyable part of the journey that is so important in today 's fast-moving world . " Changi served more than 52 million passengers in 2012 . No wonder it 's popular : The airport has an on-site movie theater , swimming pool , gardens and trails . A day in the life of the world 's busiest airport Five of this year 's top 10 airports were based in East Asian cities , and four were in Europe , just like last year 's award winners . Just one North American airport -- Vancouver -- cracked the top 10 . The World 's Best Airports 2014 1 . Singapore Changi Airport 2 . Incheon International Airport  South Korea 3 . Munich Airport  Germany 4 . Hong Kong International Airport 5 . Amsterdam Schiphol Airport 6 . Tokyo International Airport  Haneda 7 . Beijing Capital International Airport 8 . Zurich Airport  Switzerland 9 . Vancouver International Airport  Canada 10 . London Heathrow Airport  England A full list of the winners and prize categories from the World Airport Awards can be found at www.worldairportawards.com . Wow ! Making airplanes in the world 's biggest building	The No. 1 airport won the top slot for a second consecutive year It also took the prize for best airport leisure amenities Five Asian and four European airports made the list Only one North American airport made the top 10
CNN  -- A day after reports that Samsung plans to announce a follow up to its popular Samsung Galaxy S III smartphone in February , the Korean company has taken to Twitter to deny them . The Samsung Galaxy S4 , a new iteration of the phone that has established itself as the chief rival to Apple 's iPhone , will be introduced in February at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain , according to The Korea Times . A day after that report surfaced , though , Samsung took to its Korean Twitter account to deny it . "  Please note that some media reported speculation that the Galaxy S 's subsequent models will be released , " the tweet read in Korean , calling the report "  a simple rumor -LSB- that -RSB- is not true . " The report from the Times , the oldest English-language newspaper in South Korea , cites unnamed company officials and parts suppliers in the region . Among the Galaxy S4 's features will be a 5-inch screen , slightly larger than the display on the popular Galaxy S III and a full inch bigger than the iPhone 5 , the report said . It will have more powerful hardware and software and will "  definitely use " 4G LTE networks , a parts supplier told the paper . The perils of sleeping with your mobile phone Phones running Google 's Android operating system have been outselling the iPhone for some time . But that 's a fragmented field that includes dozens of phones of varying quality . No single handset has established itself as a serious rival to Apple 's phone . The Galaxy S III has made perhaps the best claim . Last month , the company announced it had sold more than 20 million units in three months , making September the first month since the release of the iPhone 4S that it was n't the world 's top-selling smartphone . Snap reviews of the iPhone 5 have been somewhat mixed , at least among the tech media . Many who got a hands-on demo at Apple 's Wednesday announcement praised its slimmer , lighter design , bigger display and faster processor . Others said the device failed to produce groundbreaking advances at a moment when Apple , perhaps for the first time ever , finds itself needing to catch up with features available on other phones . Customer response , however , has been overwhelming . Pre-orders of the iPhone 5 "  sold out " almost instantly  an admittedly arbitrary feat considering Apple controls the supply  , with orders topping 2 million in the first 24 hours . That 's double the 1 million for last year 's iPhone 4S in the same time period . The phone hits stores Friday in the United States , Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Hong Kong , Japan , Singapore and the United Kingdom . It rolls out in 22 other countries on September 28 . The S4 's release would mark Samsung 's biggest salvo since a federal court in California ruled that Samsung violated multiple Apple patents in the release of its own products . After the ruling , Apple asked the court to add the Galaxy S III to the list of products that are in violation . The case was just one of roughly 50 patent disputes in different countries . Some of the other courts have ruled in favor of Samsung . According to the South Korean news report , Samsung is working with U.S. carriers on modified designs the company said will eliminate any questions about patents . The report said Samsung plans to fire back in another way , too . Samsung is asking Apple to pay more for the processors it produces at an Austin , Texas , plant and is promoting itself as "  the only firm that can guarantee on-time delivery , output commitment and better pricing for mobile application processors , " one executive told The Korea Times . Hanging on to a busted phone ? Share your story	Report : Samsung Galaxy S4 will roll out in February at Mobile World Congress in Spain Phone will have a 5-inch screen , more powerful hardware , report says The Samsung Galaxy S III has emerged as the iPhone 's chief rival NEW : Samsung calls the report "  simple rumor "
New York  CNN  -- A year after CNN investigated a California charity that said it was helping veterans , the California Attorney General 's office on Friday announced the charity would pay a $ 2.5 million fine and agree to the resignation of most of its principal officers because it had spent most of its donations on fundraising and what the state called "  excessive compensation " for its executives . Attorney General Kamala Harris said Help Hospitalized Veterans executives had "  improperly diverted " donated funds to themselves as well as purchasing country club memberships and in one case a suburban Washington condominium for use of its officers . "  I am pleased that this settlement forces these officials to resign , in addition to paying restitution , " Harris said in a statement . When CNN investigated Help Hospitalized Veterans in August 2012 , it found that most of the donations sent to veterans hospitals around the country amounted to so-called "  craft kits " for recovering soldiers to use while hospitalized . The kits included instructions for making paper airplanes . Tax returns from Help Hospitalized Veterans showed six-figure salary payments to several of its key officers , including Chief Executive Officer Michael Lynch . At the time , Lynch told CNN in a brief on-camera statement , "  We hope these unproven allegations will not diminish the more than 40 years of service HHV has provided to our nation 's most valuable treasure , our veterans . HHV looks forward to the chance to tell its story and we hope this action will not impede its ability to add its support to hospitalized veterans nationwide . " Help Hospitalized Veterans has been the subject of state and federal inquiries for several years . In 2008 , a House Oversight Subcommittee hearing led by Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California , spent a day seeking testimony from the charity 's founder , Roger Chapin , as well as other Help Hospitalized Veterans executives . Chapin died last month . Waxman told CNN in 2012 that in his view , executives of the charity "  ought to be put in jail " because of excessive spending . Help Hospitalized Veterans , which is based in Temecula , California , will not close , said Hugh Quinn , the charity 's attorney . He said $ 500,000 of the fine will be paid by the charity . The remaining $ 2 million will eventually be paid from the estate of Chapin 's wife , Quinn said . Lynch will retire after 35 years and will collect a pension of $ 160,000 per year , Quinn said . Above the law : America 's worst charities In a written statement , Quinn said he saw the fine and settlement as a victory for Help Hospitalized Veterans . "  As long as there 's a need , HHV will be there and we 're looking forward to reconnecting with veterans and their families and our supporters so that our work continues , " he said	California Attorney General says charity "  improperly diverted " donated funds Charity 's executives used funds for country club memberships , condos , she says CNN investigation in 2012 found donations to veterans were kits for paper airplanes
The University of North Carolina failed some of its students "  for years " by allowing them to take classes that did not match its own academic standards , Chancellor Carol Folt has admitted . The concession -- the strongest since UNC-Chapel Hill was caught up in a fake-class scandal two years ago -- comes just weeks after a CNN investigation found continuing problems at UNC and other public universities where some student-athletes could read only at an elementary school level . Two years ago , it was exposed that UNC students , many of them athletes , were given grades for classes they did not attend and for which they did nothing beyond turning in a single paper . One professor has been indicted on fraud charges for being paid for a class he did n't teach . The university has always maintained it was an isolated case , but Folt is now acknowledging a broader problem . "  We also accept the fact that there was a failure in academic oversight for years that permitted this to continue , " Folt told UNC trustees last week . "  This , too , was wrong . And it has undermined our integrity and our reputation . " CNN analysis : Some college athletes play like adults , read like 5th-graders CNN has asked UNC Chapel Hill for the number of students who were specially admitted because they did not meet the usual academic standards and who majored in or took the classes now acknowledged as fake . CNN investigated the issue of poor academics among student football and basketball players after a researcher at UNC revealed that some could not read well enough to follow news coverage about themselves or even read the word "  Wisconsin . " The researcher , Mary Willingham , said student-athletes were among those who took the fake classes , though she said the classes were just a symptom of the problem of enrolling athletes in the money-making sports of football and basketball who could not succeed academically by themselves . While questioning Willingham 's credibility and CNN 's reporting , UNC has launched its own investigation into the claims that too many of its student-athletes read poorly . And the university 's executive vice chancellor and provost , James Dean , told Bloomberg Businessweek that he had commissioned an internal study into African and African-American studies at the university . That 's where the fake classes originated . UNC spokeswoman Karen Moon said Tuesday that as part of the study , Dean is "  interested in better understanding the formation of the department as part of our ongoing efforts to assess the overall academic environment at the University . " UNC had previously done an internal investigation , and told CNN last fall that it implemented changes based on what its internal report found . Some 120 changes were made and UNC told CNN they felt that was sufficient to ensure it knew what happened and to make sure it would not happen again . Dean told Bloomberg Businessweek , whose parent company 's chairman is a UNC trustee , that he would investigate whether student-athletes were "  clustering " in departments or classes that were supposed to have easy grades and to see whether there were any other forces or personalities behind the scandal . UNC told CNN last year it has a program that alerts it if too many athletes are enrolled in a single class , but it 's not yet clear whether this is different . Neither Dean nor Folt were in their positions when the fake classes were run . The NCAA , which oversees college sport , did investigate , but found none of its rules were broken . The NCAA told CNN on Monday it wo n't comment on whether the university will take a second look . Opinion : An easy out for athletes in Harvard scandal ?	UNC chancellor acknowledges "  failure in academic oversight " Concession comes after CNN highlighted ongoing problems with student-athlete literacy UNC is now investigating research from whistle-blower
CNN  -- Andy Murray 's preparations for the defense of his U.S. Open title hit a wall in Montreal as he was beaten in the last 16 by Ernests Gulbis . The world No. 2 was playing in his first tournament since taking the Wimbledon crown in July but sank to a 6-4 6-3 defeat to his Latvian opponent in the Rogers Cup . It was Gulbis ' first ever win over Britain 's number one , and ended a 13-match winning streak for the Scot . Murray now only has one more tournament in which to fine tune his game before returning to Flushing Meadows , the scene of his first ever grand slam victory 12 months ago . "  I struggled at the start of the first set from the baseline , but then I got more aggressive and took my opportunities , " Gulbis said in an on-court interview . "  I started this year at 150 in the world , I was struggling . But slowly and surely I am getting to where I belong . I want to crack the top 20 . Then , one or two big wins and you are in the top 10 . " It was a different story for Rafael Nadal , who continued his unbeaten run on hard courts this season with a hard-fought win over Poland 's Jerzy Janowicz . The Spaniard , who won the Indian Wells title earlier in the season in his only other hard court appearance , won 7-6 6-4 against his big-serving opponent . Nadal , also in his first competitive action since his first round loss to Belgian Steve Darcis at Wimbledon , made it 45 wins since returning from a long injury layoff in February . "  I was able to play without limitations these two matches ; hopefully I can continue like this , " Nadal said during an on-court interview . "  That 's my goal . I will try to forget this injury with my knee . " The number four seed will now play Australian qualifier Marinko Matosevic in the last eight after he defeated Frenchman Benoit Paire 7-6 6-7 6-3 . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic looked to be heading the same way as Murray when he lost the first set of his match against Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin . Istomin had only taking five games off Djokovic in their previous two meetings , but the world No. 66 took the opening set 2-6 . But Djokovic roared back to clinch a 2-6 6-4 6-4 victory before donning a fuzzy wig and dancing on court to Daft Punk 's "  Get Lucky . " The Serb also showed off his dance moves after his first round win over Florian Mayer . "  He was a better player first half of the match , " admitted Djokovic . "  I was trying to find rhythm . A lot of unforced errors . Just had a very difficult time to be in the point . "  He did a great job in staying very solid and putting a lot of pressure on me . Then I had to fight . It was a very even match up to the last point . Just glad to get lucky and dance on the court after the match . " At the women 's Rogers Cup event in Toronto , Serena Williams breezed into the fourth round with a 6-0 6-3 victory over Belgium 's Kirsten Flipkens . Wimbledon champions Marion Bartoli had to retire during her clash with Slovakia 's Magdalena Rybarikova while there were victories elsewhere for Li Na , Agnieszka Radwanska and Sara Errani .	Andy Murray is knocked out of the Rogers Cup in Montreal by Latvia 's Ernests Gulbis Wimbledon champion is beaten 6-4 6-3 by his opponent who is ranked 38th in world Rafael Nadal wins a hard fought game over Poland 's Jerzy Janowicz 7-6 6-4
CNN  -- Nissan North America has announced the recall of nearly 196,000 sport utility vehicles in the United States for corrosion problems that could damage steering and suspension systems . The recall extends to the Nissan Pathfinder from 1997 to 2003 , and the Infiniti QX4 from 1996 to 2004 . "  In areas of the country in which heavy concentrations of road salt are used , a mixture of snow/water and salt ... may result in corrosion of the strut tower housing in some subject vehicles , " the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration website said . "  This may lead to grinding noises , increased steering effort , and possibly the steering column to break , resulting in the loss of steering control , which could result in a crash . " Most of the vehicles were sold in Connecticut , Delaware , Iowa , Illinois , Indiana , Massachusetts , Maine , Maryland , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont , Washington D.C. , West Virginia and Wisconsin . Nissan will inspect the SUVs and repair the vehicles free of charge as needed . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to the report .	Rust may damage steering and suspension systems Most of the SUVs are registered in northern states Nissan will inspect the SUVs and repair the vehicles free of charge as needed
CNN  -- An imprisoned half-brother of former Iraqi strongman Saddam Hussein died Monday of cancer , Iraq 's Justice Ministry said . Sabawi Ibrahim al-Hassan , a former regime official and adviser to Saddam , died at a Baghdad hospital after recently being transferred there from prison , the ministry said . Al-Hassan , a presidential adviser to Saddam , was No. 36 on a U.S. list of most-wanted Iraqis after American-led forces toppled the regime in 2003 . Al-Hassan -- the six of diamonds in a card deck that had the names and faces of the 55 most wanted regime officials -- was captured in February 2005 , and the United States handed him over to Iraqi authorities in July 2011 . An Iraqi court sentenced him to death after he was convicted of murder and crimes against Iraqis , the Justice Ministry said . Al-Hassan was Iraq 's head of intelligence and security during the 1991 Persian Gulf War and continued to run the security service until 1996 , when he took the presidential adviser post , the Justice Ministry said . CNN 's Roba Alhenawi contributed to this report .	Sabawi Ibrahim al-Hassan had been convicted of murder , crimes against Iraqis Al-Hassan was on U.S. list of most-wanted Iraqis after regime toppled in 2003 Former Saddam adviser was captured in 2005 and turned over to Iraqi authorities in 2011
Washington  CNN  -- The wife of a Colorado father at the center of the "  balloon boy " saga told authorities that the giant helium balloon was specifically created for a hoax to draw media attention , according to court documents released Friday . Mayumi Heene told Larimer County investigators that she and her husband , Richard Heene , knew that their 6-year-old son , Falcon , was hiding at their Fort Collins home the entire time , even as police and military scrambled to search for the boy , according to the documents . The admission by Mayumi Heene was made October 17 , just two days after the balloon was released , according to the documents . The Heenes initially told authorities that they believed their child had flown away on the balloon , and when the balloon landed without him , they expressed concern that he may have fallen out of the device . The couple hatched the plan about two weeks before the incident and "  instructed their three children to lie to authorities as well as the media regarding this hoax , " according to the documents . Their motive ? To "  make the Heene family more marketable for future media interests . " Calls to David Lane , Richard Heene 's attorney , and Lee Christian , Mayumi Heene 's attorney , were not immediately returned Friday . Richard and Mayumi Heene are each facing a number of local charges , including conspiracy , contributing to the delinquency of a minor and attempting to influence a public servant , Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden said Sunday . Lane has said that the sheriff was overreaching and that the family deserve the presumption of innocence . The Federal Aviation Administration is also investigating the incident . Richard and Mayumi Heene met in a Hollywood acting school and pursued fame for their family in the world of reality TV , Alderden has said . The Heenes have appeared on the ABC program "  Wife Swap . " Richard Heene also chases storms , brings his family along and takes videos . TLC , which produces the show "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 , " said the Heenes had "  approached us months ago " about a possible show , "  and we passed . "	Mayumi Heene says she and husband knew 6-year-old was safe during scare They told authorities child might have blown away inside giant balloon Couple told children to lie to authorities and media , document says
Hong Kong  CNN  The face of Hong Kong 's chief executive covers the toilet paper and China 's leader lingers next to you in the shower . Safe to say -- it 's not your average hotel . Tucked away in an apartment building on a quiet side street of Hong Kong 's busy Causeway Bay district , this small hotel is a shrine to the Umbrella Revolution . Freelance translator Stephen Thompson rented the apartment in early December , in the same week that police began clearing out the city 's pro-democracy protest sites . "  I literally got the keys and then the next day I went down to Admiralty  the main protest site  and the police were coming and I just grabbed as much as I could , " says Thompson . Posters , artwork and memorabilia from all three main protest sites now plaster every inch of the 600 square foot abode . Rows of construction helmets are mounted neatly on the wall , gas masks hang like ornaments around a door frame , newspaper clippings wallpaper the kitchen and a yellow umbrella serves a partial curtain , shielding the living room from the sun . "  I had the idea at first of an exhibition , " Thompson says , "  and then when they  police  gave me the tents I thought , well , I 'll put the tents in here too . " And the idea for Occupy Central Hotel was born . For as little as HK$ 78  $ 10  per night , guests can pay via a listing on Airbnb to sleep in an original occupy tent . The two-bedroom apartment accommodates a total of eight , Thompson says , but five is the most he 's rented at once . Each tent is adorned with a name relating to the movement , such as "  Freedom House " and "  Foreign Force HQ . " Nicholas Watmough , 26 , followed the Hong Kong protests from his hometown of Manchester , England , and recently extended his visit at the hotel . "  I had a look online . There are cheaper places to stay , but I thought this would just be more interesting . It 's an experience worth having and it 's a cause worth supporting , " says Watmough . Visitors from Ukraine , France , and Mexico round out some of the hotel 's other recent occupants . Thompson says he has also hosted guests from mainland China , but only after they sent him messages saying they opposed Communist rule . Originally from London , Thompson describes himself as a "  white-skinned Chinese dissident . " A fluent Mandarin speaker and writer , he spent three decades in and out of China before the government threatened to revoke his visa for writing politically critical articles . He has been living in Hong Kong for eight years now -- and hoping to gain permanent residency soon . "  I feel Hong Kong is a kind of bubble of freedom and human rights in China , " he says , which is why he found the 11-week-long , pro-democracy demonstrations so inspirational . Victor Gaume , 29 , watched the Occupy movement with interest from afar . He says the Chinese university where he teaches French and history forbade him to come to Hong Kong to see the protests in person , which is why he is now staying at the hotel . "  It 's always good to have people like Stephen who keep the memory , " Gaume says . "  In China , students do n't know what happened in  the Tiananmen Square incident in  1989 , because all the memories have been deleted . " Preserving the memory and keeping the democracy movement alive is something the 50-year-old Thompson says he is passionate about . However , the Hong Kong Home Affairs Department requires anyone running a guesthouse to apply for a special permit from the Office of the Licensing Authority -- something Thompson says he does n't need to do , because he is selective about who he allows to stay . Despite questions over the legality of his venture , Thompson says he hopes to eventually open up two more Occupy-themed hotels - one for each of the main protest sites . Until then , pro-democracy supporters can continue reliving the protests in a tiny Causeway Bay apartment - having their own movement against Hong Kong 's Chief Executive CY Leung , one flush at a time .	Entrepreneur opened up the small hotel using memorabilia from Hong Kong 's Occupy Central protests For as little as $ 10 per night , guests can pay to sleep in an original occupy tent 11-week-long pro-democracy protests captured the imagination of people around the world
Samples collected from four patients who recently died have tested positive for enterovirus D68 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It is unclear what role the virus played in their deaths . In fact , it 's possible that enterovirus had nothing to do with them . The virus is very common , especially in the late summer and early fall , with the CDC estimating 10 million to 15 million infections each year in the United States . Yet the deaths do raise an alarm because this year has been worse than some other years , since enterovirus D68 has been sending more children than usual to the hospital with severe respiratory illnesses . It seems to be most affecting children with a history of asthma or breathing problems . As of Wednesday , the CDC had confirmed 500 people in 42 states have respiratory illnesses caused by enterovirus D68 . Those infected include Emily Otrando , a 10-year-old from Cumberland , Rhode Island . She died September 22 at a Hasbro Children 's Hospital , according to her obituary , though it was n't until Wednesday that the state Health Department announced that she 'd tested positive for enterovirus D68 . Dr. Michael Fine , Rhode Island 's Department of Health director , told reporters Wednesday that the girl "  died from overwhelming Staphylococcus aureus sepsis . " Staphylococcus aureus is a bacteria resistant to many antibiotics , while sepsis is an illness affecting all parts of the body that springs up in response to an infection , according to the CDC . That determination notwithstanding , Fine also noted that "  cultures also showed the presence of enterovirus D68 . " He explained that the child , who was otherwise healthy , experienced shortness of breath "  and really by the time she got to the hospital , everything fell apart very quickly within 24 hours . " Fine added that "  it 's not clear what role the enterovirus had , but clearly  this  was a sepsis death . " "  We do n't know which came first , and that 's not possible to know with the current state of our science , " the state health official said , referring to enterovirus and sepsis . Otrando 's classmates are n't being tested for enterovirus , in part because "  this is an isolated case " and the virus itself is not uncommon or , usually , not much more harmful than a cold , according to Fine . "  We live in a world in which there are lots of viruses and lots of bacteria , " he added . " ... So the issue is n't always , ` How did that bacteria get to one person , ' but , ` What were the conditions under which the bacteria overgrew and took over and did  all this  so scathingly quickly ? ' " My son was like ' a goldfish gasping for breath ' Enterovirus may also be linked to a small number of cases of a mysterious neurologic illness seen in Colorado , Boston and Michigan . Doctors in Colorado spotted it first -- a group of 10 children hospitalized with limb weakness , cranial nerve dysfunction and abnormalities in their spinal gray matter . Doctors at Boston Children 's Hospital have since identified four patients with the same symptoms . And a child in Washtenaw County , Michigan , also developed partial paralysis in the lower limbs after being hospitalized with the virus , the Michigan Department of Community Health said Wednesday . Staphylococcus aureus is a type of bacteria that commonly causes skin infections , pneumonia and blood poisoning . Most staph infections are easily treated with antibiotics , according to the National Institutes of Health , but some strains of the bacteria are resistant to these medications , making them harder to treat . Antibiotic-resistant infections has been a big public health issue the past few years . In September , President Barack Obama signed an executive order establishing an interagency task force charged with developing a national strategy to combat these dangerous bacteria strains . The Rhode Island Department of Health recommends parents and children follow these steps to prevention infection : -- Wash hands often with soap and warm water five or six times a day for at least 20 seconds . -- Avoid touching your eyes , nose and mouth with unwashed hands . -- Make sure your child is taking asthma medications as prescribed . -- Disinfect toys , doorknobs , phones , computers and other surfaces often . -- Avoid close contact and sharing cups or eating utensils with people who are sick . -- Stay home if you are sick . -- Seek medical attention right away if your child is having trouble breathing .	500 people in 42 states have respiratory illnesses caused by enterovirus D68 Rhode Island official says girl , 10 , died from sepsis , but she also had enterovirus She 's one of four patients who , samples indicate , tested positive for enterovirus D68 Virus may also be linked to mysterious neurologic illness in a small number of children
CNN  -- After their heroics last Monday against hated city rivals Manchester United , Manchester City went one step closer to securing their first league title in four decades after beating Newcastle United 2-0 . Both second half goals came from Yaya Toure against a Newcastle side desperate for victory in a bid to secure third place , and with it a place in Europe 's Champions League , the world 's richest club competition . When the full time whistle was blown grown men wept in the stands as City 's players celebrated knowing that , barring a miracle , this was going to be their year . Those fans have witnessed a remarkable phoenix-like rise from the ashes . Once the blue half of Manchester was the bigger of the two city teams . City once even relegated Manchester United on the last day of the 1973-1974 season . But whilst United went on to dominate the Premier League era , in 1996 Manchester City were relegated from the Premier League . Two years later they were relegated again , this time in to the third tier of English football . That proved to be rock bottom as City eventually fought their way back to become Premier League regulars . It was the purchase of the club in 2008 by the royal family of Abu Dhabi that transformed City from an average team with a glorious past into the richest football club in the world . Hundreds of millions of dollars was spent on players like Toure , secured from Barcelona , Sergio Aguero and Carlos Tevez . Before the game both Manchester teams were on 83 points , with City ahead on goal difference , the closest title race in Premier League history . And it looked like Newcastle United was about to hand Manchester United advantage in the title fight as coach Alan Pardew 's side held City at bay for the first 70 minutes . The match turned on a piece of tactical genius by Manchester City coach Roberto Mancini who brought on Dutch midfielder Nigel De Jong and pushed Toure forward . Yet after the game Mancini remained cautious on his side 's title hopes . "  I think it 's not enough because we have another difficult game  against QPR  , " Mancini told British TV network Sky Sports . "  I think we deserved to win this game today . " Later on Sunday Manchester United took on Swansea City at a subdued Old Trafford knowing that defeat would virtually hand City the title . Two first half goals for Paul Scholes and Ashley Young gave United hope that they could score enough goals to make a dent in City 's superior goal difference but the match finished 2-0 . Now the season moves on to the final day of the season with City taking on QPR , who will need to win to guarantee they stay in the Premier League after their promotion last season , whilst United travel to Sunderland knowing they could win , finish the season on equal points and still lose the title . Both sides of Manchester will endure one final , tortuous 90 minutes to decide the fate of this season 's Premier League trophy .	Man City beat Newcastle United 2-0 Two second half Yaya Toure goals secured victory Go three points clear of Man United with one game left United play Swansea later Sunday to keep title hopes alive
Miami  CNN  World heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko has an important title defense coming up , but his thoughts continue to be dominated by the ongoing fight for democracy in Ukraine . Speaking to CNN from his Miami training base ahead of the April 25 showdown with American challenger Bryant Jennings in New York , Klitschko said the crisis in his homeland has left him shocked and upset . "  My country is unfortunately suffering in the war with Russia -- not that Ukraine tried to give any aggression to any other nation , in this particular case Russia , unfortunately it 's the other way around , " Klitschko told CNN . "  I never thought that our brother folk is going to have war with us , so that Ukrainians and Russians are going to be divided with blood , " he added . "  Unfortunately , we do n't know how far it 's going to go and how worse it 's going to get . The aggression , in the military presence of  Russian  soldiers and military equipment in my country , Ukraine , is upsetting . " Klitschko is the reigning IBF , WBA , WBO and IBO champion and has , alongside older brother Vitali , dominated the heavyweight division in the 21st century . Vitali , who retired from boxing in 2013 , is a prominent figure in Ukrainian politics . The 43-year-old has led the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform since 2010 and was elected mayor of Kiev in May last year . Tensions in the former Soviet state remain high despite a ceasefire agreed in February as Europe , led by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and President of France Francois Hollande , tries to broker a peace deal between the two sides . The crisis in Ukraine began in November 2013 when former President Victor Yanukovych scuttled a trade deal with the European Union in favor of forging closer economic ties with Russia . The move triggered a wave of anti-government protests which came to a head Kiev 's Maidan Square in February 2014 when clashes between protesters and government security forces left around 100 dead . The following month , Russian troops entered Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula before Russian President Vladimir Putin completed the annexation of Crimea -- a move denounced by most of the world as illegitimate -- after citizens of the region had voted in favor of leaving Ukraine in a referendum . More than 5,000 people have been killed in the conflict to date . "  People are dying in Ukraine every single day , " Klitschko said . "  I do not want to see it , nobody wants to see it ... it 's hard to believe these days something like that in Europe -- and Ukraine is Europe -- can happen . " But with the backing of the international community , Klitschko is confident Ukraine can forge a democratic future rather than slide back towards a Soviet-era style dictatorship . "  I really wish and want this conflict to be solved and it can only be solved with Western help , " he said . "  Ukraine is looking forward to becoming a democratic country and live under Western democracy . This is our decision and this is our will to get what we want . "  If somebody wants to try to put  us  back to the Soviet times and be part of the former Soviet Union , we disagree with that . We want to be in freedom . "  We have achieved many things in moving forward and showed to the world that we do not want to live under a dictatorship . " Klitschko , whose comments were made as part of a wide-ranging interview for CNN 's Human to Hero series , is routinely kept abreast of developments in Ukraine by brother Vitali but also returns home whenever he can . "  As much time as I can spend , I am there in the Ukraine . It 's not like I am getting the news from mass media and making my own adjustments and judgments on what 's going on . It 's an actual presence and understanding from the inside ... It obviously affects my life , it affects the life of my family . " The 39-year-old and his fiancée Hayden Panettiere celebrated happier times last December when the American actress gave birth to a baby daughter , Kaya . "  I need to get used to it that I 'm a father , which is really exciting . I hope I 'm going to have a big family with multiple kids , " he said . Klitschko is n't sure when he 'll finally hang up his gloves . "  I do n't know how long I can last ... motivation and health have to be there to continue . " But after leaving almost all his boxing opponents battered and bruised -- the Ukrainian is seeking an impressive 18th consecutive title defense against Jennings -- Klitschko is keen to carry on fighting his own and his country 's corner in the opposite way outside the ring . "  I just really want that we 'll have less violence in the world ... I hope in peace we can do anything , but if we have war then it 's definitely going to leave us dull and numb . " Watch Wladimir Klitschko 's Human to Hero interview on CNN 's World Sport program on Wednesday April 8 at 1130 , 1245 , 1445 , 2130 , 2245 and 2345 and Thursday April 9 at 0445  All times GMT  and here online .	Reigning world heavyweight champion discusses Ukraine crisis Klitschko faces American challenger Bryant Jennings in New York on April 25 "  Ukraine is looking forward to becoming a democratic country , " Klitschko says Klitschko 's older brother Vitali a prominent figure in Ukraine democracy movement
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Hundreds of hawkers and beggars , quite often seen on Dhaka 's major roads and at traffic stops , will be driven out next month ahead of the Cricket World Cup scheduled to begin in mid February , officials said Wednesday . Three South Asian nations ннн -- Bangladesh , India and Sri Lanka -- are jointly hosting the grand gala ICC World Cup 2011 and the opening ceremony is scheduled to be held at the Bangabandhu National Stadium in Dhaka on February 17 . "  No hawkers will be allowed in the streets and beggars will be evicted temporarily from many parts of the city , " said Bangladesh Home Minister Shara Khatun . In Bangladesh , matches will be played in the capital of Dhaka and the southeast port city of Chittagong . Apart from six group matches , two quarterfinals will take place in Bangladesh , officials said . Sahara Khatun , junior minister for home affairs , and other top government officials Tuesday had a meeting to ensure fail safe security for the more than a month-long cricket event . The government is also working to give Dhaka a facelift ahead of the tournament , which will be played by 14 countries in two groups . The countries are Australia , Bangladesh , Canada , England , India , Ireland , Kenya , Netherlands , New Zealand , Pakistan , South Africa , Sri Lanka , West Indies and Zimbabwe . Officials said the beggars would be taken to government asylums for the time being from the first week of February . "  I 'm really upset . I do n't know what I 'll do for the living of my family in February and March , " Mohammad Suman , who sells pirated copies of foreign books at one of the busiest traffic signals near the Pan Pacific Sonargaon Hotel in Dhaka 's Karwan Bazar , told CNN on Wednesday . The minister said that they would also recommend making February 17 a public holiday in Dhaka . As a part of heightening security , the army would be deployed in many places , besides police and elite forces of the Rapid Action Battalion , officials said . The Bangladesh government imposed a ban on begging amid criticism two years ago , saying they would stop the practice within five years . According to the law , anyone caught begging in public places faces a maximum three months in jail . But begging is still seen in almost everywhere in Dhaka нн -- a city of ten million people , one third of whom are extremely poor and live in shanties . According to the World Bank and the United Nations , 40 percent of Bangladesh 's 140 million people live below the poverty level .	Bangladesh is one of three countries hosting the Cricket World Cup Officials say hawkers and beggars will be removed from Dhaka An estimated 40 percent of Bangladesh 's population lives in poverty
Marching , dancing and poster-waving environmentalists chanting "  Hey , Obama . We do n't want no climate drama , " packed several blocks on and around Washington 's National Mall on Sunday , hoping to spur President Barack Obama to take strong measures against climate change . Allison Spitz , 16 , brandished a sign reading "  Oil and Water Do n't Mix " as she attended her first political demonstration . "  Someday , I hope to have my own kids , and I want them to live in a world that 's environmentally safe and natural , " Spitz said , explaining why she , her mother and her boyfriend had traveled more than 500 miles from Plymouth , Michigan . "  This is the kind of thing worth leaving home to come out and take a stand for , " she said . Throngs at the "  Forward on Climate " rally spent several hours marching from the Washington Monument to the White House , then back to the Mall . Those who arrived early , and those who did n't let the cold dissuade them from returning to the Mall , heard speakers call on the president to reject the Keystone XL pipeline and to tell the Environmental Protection Agency to set carbon standards for power plants . During Obama 's State of the Union speech on Tuesday , the president urged Congress to do more to combat climate change . "  We can choose to believe that Superstorm Sandy , and the most severe drought in decades , and the worst wildfires some states have ever seen were all just a freak coincidence . Or we can choose to believe in the overwhelming judgment of science and act before it 's too late , " the president said . "  I urge this Congress to pursue a bipartisan , market-based solution to climate change , like the one John McCain and Joe Lieberman worked on together a few years ago . But if Congress wo n't act soon to protect future generations , I will . " Some activists have been urging Obama to bypass the often messy legislative process and instead focus on executive orders and regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency . "  Congress is a place where good ideas go to die , " Melinda Pierce , legislative director for the environmental group the Sierra Club , said last month . "  There is a tremendous amount that his administration can do without Congress . He has the authority . He does n't have to wait for Congress . " Long-term climate change fueled by a buildup of atmospheric carbon emissions is a controversial notion politically , but it 's one accepted as fact by most scientists . Atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide , which traps heat , have gone up sharply in recent decades , while global average temperatures are up about 1.5 degrees F since records started being kept in the late 19th century , according to NASA . The Kyoto Protocol , the 1997 pact aimed at reining in carbon emissions , aimed to limit that increase to 3.6 degrees F  2 degrees C  by 2100 -- but a November report by the World Bank warned that trends point more toward an increase twice that big by the end of the century . The 1,700-mile Keystone XL pipeline project -- which would extend current oil pipeline networks from Alberta , Canada 's bitumen-filled ground , all the way across the United States to the Gulf of Mexico -- exposed partisan and regional divisions within Congress during Obama 's first term . Bitumen , otherwise known as tar sand , is oil-soaked dirt that needs to be cooked to extract the oil . A Congressional Research Service report released in June said oil produced from bitumen emits 14 % to 20 % more greenhouse gases -- the gases that can cause atmospheric hearting -- than the average transportation fuels sold or distributed in the United States . The Alberta government website says the province is the first jurisdiction to set mandatory reduction targets for greenhouse gas emissions . However , it says while average emissions per oil barrel are declining , since the demand for oil production has increased , overall emissions have increased as well . At Sunday 's rally , Maura Cowley of the Energy Action Coalition verbalized a common theme . "  Keystone XL is a dirty and dangerous pipeline . It 's literally going to cut our country in half , carrying a very dangerous fuel , and it will cause runaway climate change , " Cowley said . "  Young people across the country are the same generation that elected Barack Obama twice now , and we really want to see him reject the Keystone XL pipeline . " The Obama administration rejected the initial proposal from the Canadian energy company TransCanada , saying it needed more time to gauge the potential environmental impact of the project . While that decision pleased environmentalists , pipeline supporters argued that the postponement cost Americans jobs and a degree of energy independence . The White House has probably already decided against ever approving Keystone XL , despite the pipeline 's many supporters , said Patrick Michaels , the director of the Center for the Study of Science at the libertarian think tank the Cato Institute . "  The political calculus is obvious . If they come out against it , they are going to pay a very big price , " Michaels said Sunday . "  It 's very popular around the country : the notion that you are going to be pumping more oil through this country , that there will be some jobs that will be established to put the pipeline in . There will be some jobs for maintenance , and , you know , if you want to talk about the internationalization , if you will , of oil supply , Canada is our biggest supplier and they 're friendly . What 's not to like ? " Environmentalists say there 's plenty not to like . Of greatest concern initially , the Keystone XL pipeline was designed to run through Nebraska 's Sandhills , which lie above the Ogallala Aquifer , the main source of drinking water and irrigation for millions of people . Now , even though refined plans show an alternate route , environmentalists worry that if the expected 500,000 to 700,000 barrels of crude oil flow through the pipeline each day , leaks could contaminate the water and soil . Michaels said those fears are unfounded , and "  climate change is becoming the last refuge of regulatory scoundrels . " "  It reminds me of the TransCanada pipeline that was supposed to cause all these problems and wreak all this havoc . It never did . All it did was supply oil , " Michaels said . He posited that U.S. emissions from the energy sector are at their lowest level since 1992 , despite -- not thanks to -- government intervention . "  That did n't happen because of subsidizing solar energy and windmills . There 's just not a lot , not enough electricity coming from those minuscule rays . It happened because of natural gas , hydrofracturizing and horizontal drilling , which has increased the supply dramatically , " he said . The Department of Energy has taken credit for laying the groundwork for the current natural gas boom , citing research and development dating back to the 1970s that led to today 's hydraulic fracturing , or fracking , techniques of extracting gas from shale . The U.S. Energy Information Administration says increased use of natural gas has come at the expense of coal , which tends to emit significantly more carbon dioxide than natural gas . "  It was n't because people wanted to save the planet . It 's because they wanted to make money . Gee , that 's how to make people efficient . Do n't fetter the economy and you 'll find out that people want to produce , either want to produce things efficiently or produce efficient things . They are advantaged in the marketplace . Get the government out of it and you 'll get a greener planet , " Michaels said . But the crowds that braved temperatures in the low 30s and winds exceeding 20 mph to make their point heard in Washington could n't disagree more . "  Climate change is established science . And it 's time we get our act together and find a better way is renewable energy , " said Lissa Spitz , Allison 's mother . "  If they put a minuscule amount of the money into research and development for renewable energy that they spend on fossil fuels , we 'd be there now . You know , it 's not because it ca n't be done . It 's because of the political and financial powers that be that have a vested interest in keeping the system that we have now . And it 's not working . " The Sierra Club , the anti-climate change consortium 350 . org , and the civil rights organization the Hip Hop Caucus put together the rally .	The National Mall in Washington was packed with anti-climate change protesters Sunday Demonstrators were lobbying for President Obama to step up against environmental threats The proposed Keystone XL pipeline from Alberta to the Gulf is a major topic of conflict Pipeline backers say government intervention is a bad idea , both pragmatically and politically
Editor 's note : Spoiler alert ! If you have n't watched "  Psych 's " series finale , stop reading now . EW.com  -- After "  Psych 's " series finale on Wednesday , star James Roday spoke to Entertainment Weekly about the "  big get " and that pitch-perfect ending . The hour revolved around Shawn  Roday  trying to find a way to break the news to best friend Gus  Dulé Hill  that he was leaving him and Santa Barbara to go to San Francisco to be with Juliet  Maggie Lawson  . In the end , he did it by recording a message on DVD . If you teared up when it first became clear that Gus was watching a disc , you 're not alone . Another great moment was Lassiter  Timothy Omundson  watching his goodbye DVD and deciding not to listen to Shawn admit what Lassie 's always suspected  that Shawn 's not actually psychic  . You may even have gotten a little misty when Shawn hugged his father Henry  Corbin Bernsen  , and finally called him for help on a case -- also acceptable . Before we get to the ending , let 's talk about those three casting Easter Eggs : Deon Richmond played Gus ' boss . "  There 's been a runner throughout ` Psych ' that maybe Gus played Bud on ` The Cosby Show ' as a child , and Deon Richmond is the real Bud , " Roday explains . ` Psych ' : James Roday 's prized pop culture possession can not be beat Billy Zane has been referenced on "  Psych " more times than Roday can count . "  We 've been chasing him for a while , so to have him as the final villain ever on ` Psych ' felt really , really right . " And then the "  ultimate gift to our fans , " he says , was finally seeing Det. Dobson on-screen -- and having him be played by Val Kilmer , another actor who 's been regularly referenced on the show . "  We knew the longer the show lasted , the bigger the payoff it would be to finally be able to show who this person was . Val was our first choice , and as you learn in television , sometimes you do n't even get your 10th choice , " Roday says . "  I am eternally grateful to Val for doing this , and I think he will soon discover just how much of an impact it 's going to have . But it was awesome . And trivia , it was actually the last thing that we ever shot on ` Psych , ' because we did it in Los Angeles not in Vancouver . " The landing of Kilmer is a story in itself . Hill was hanging out with a friend who runs the LA Shakespeare Festival . "  They do these giant celebrity-laden readings every year , and he said , ` You know , Val 's done those for us in the past . Val 's actually a really good friend of mine . I wonder if he has any idea how many times you guys talk about him on your show . ' They were like having brunch , and he said , ` Let 's just call him and ask him . ' And the next thing Dulé knew , he was on the phone with Val , who of course had never seen our show and had no idea what anybody was talking about . But Dulé , being the proactive guy that he is , just put him right on the spot right there on the phone . What 's Val gon na say ? ` Yeah , of course , it sounds fun . ' But then we actually had to put in the legwork , " Roday says . ` Psych ' : Dulé Hill sings for our pop culture personality test In the end , Gus quit his job and followed Shawn to San Francisco to live a life of adventure . He made it just in time to witness Shawn 's proposal to Juliet -- of course she agreed to marry them , mostly Shawn -- and jump in the car to chase after a thief who stole the heirloom engagement ring . "  The proposal scene was sort of hanging over our heads forever . There were so many different versions of how Shawn would propose , or IF Shawn should propose . We did n't want anybody to hate us , but we also needed it to be ` Psych ' through and through . We did n't want to cop out and have a proposal just because that 's what you 're supposed to do . So I feel like we figured out a way to do it that 's just a little off and , " he says , laughing , "  still results in the wackiness that you had come to expect from us . We knew we were never gon na have a wedding . That decision was made a while ago , like we 're not gon na go there . But I do think it was important to let everybody know that hey , these two are going to be together , you do n't have to worry about that . " These three , James . "  The three of them are going to be together . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	USA 's "  Psych " wrapped up on March 26 The series finale featured guest stars Deon Richmond and Val Kilmer "  Psych " star James Roday explains how they landed Kilmer He also explains why there was n't a wedding
CNN  -- The backup of boats and barges on a low-water section of the Mississippi River increased Tuesday even as the 11-mile stretch reopened on a limited basis , the U.S. Coast Guard said . New Orleans-based Coast Guard spokesman Ryan Tippets confirmed to CNN that five southbound vessels were able to pass near Greenville , Mississippi , Tuesday afternoon and evening . A limited number of northbound vessels with a draft of no more than 9 feet were being allowed to travel overnight into Wednesday . The stretch was closed Monday to most vessel traffic because of low water levels , idling 97 boats and barges , according to the Coast Guard . That number swelled to nearly 115 on Tuesday , Tippets said . This same area near Greenville , which sees about 50 vessels pass on an average day , has been closed "  intermittently " since August 12 , when a vessel ran aground , said Tippets . The Army Corps of Engineers has been dredging in the area to deepen the channel and help navigation . A historic drought and excessive heat have reduced water levels and scorched wide sections of the U.S. Midwest . Flooding last year may have worsened the situation on the Mississippi by leaving deposits of silt and debris in areas that would normally be clear . We are "  working to minimize the delay as much as possible and to get these vessels moving , " Tippets said .	Low water levels have affected traffic on Mississippi River Bottleneck has developed near Greenville , Mississippi
Washington  CNN  -- If you 're looking to rub elbows with celebrities in D.C. for the inauguration this weekend , you wo n't have to look too far . Hollywood movie stars , Grammy award winning musicians and professional athletes will be all over Washington in celebration of the 57th Presidential Inauguration . Here 's the latest list of celebs in town and where you can catch them : Friday , January 18 , 2013 UNITE : Inauguration Kick-Off Reception and Celebration Anthony David Mya Saturday , January 19 , 2013 National Day of Service Summit Eva Longoria Chelsea Clinton Yolanda Adams Ben Folds Star Jones Angela Bassett OurTime.org : Generation Now party Wil.I.Am Tate Donovan John Legend T-Pain Common Jessica Alba Green Inaugural Ball Peter Winter Trombone Shorty Onree Gill Camp Freddy Sheila E Mayer Hawthorne Nicholas David  The Voice DJ Neville C. Darryl Green Lorenzo Alexander Chris Wilson Kedric Golston Bill Nye the Science Guy Antwaan Randle El Derrick Dockery Stephanie Miller Melissa Fitzgerald Les  Survivorman  Stroud & Gina Gershon Tate Donovan Leilani Munter From Sinatra to Aretha Franklin , the role of music in the inauguration Sunday January 20 , 2013 Hip-Hop Inaugural Ball La La Anthony Zach McDaniels 2 Chainz John Legend Eva Longoria Swizz Beats Pharrell Williams Jadakiss Brandy LOS Tank Lance Gross 9th Wonder Raheim Devaughn DJ D-Nice Doug E. Fresh Damien Escobar Wayne Brady Meek Mill Marsha Ambrosius Charles "  ROC " Dutton MC Lyte Yo-Yo Smooth Lil Mama DJ Lil Mic HBCU Inaugural Gala Ball Finesse Mitchell Vivian Green Latino "  In Performance " at the Kennedy Center Eva Longoria RaÃºl Esparza JosÃ © Feliciano Juan Diego FlÃ ³ rez Melanie Griffith George Lopez Mario Lopez Rita Moreno Monday January 21 , 2013 Official Inauguration Ceremony Beyonce Kelly Clarkson James Taylor The Official Inaugural Balls Alicia Keys Usher John Legend Katy Perry Far East Movement , FUN . Smokey Robinson Stevie Wonder Soundgarden The cast of Glee Brad Paisley Nick Cannon Jamie Foxx Jennifer Hudson Marc Anthony Chris Cornell The Creative Coalition 's 2013 Inaugural Ball Tim Daly Johnny Galecki Eric Stonestreet Connie Britton Paula Abdul Matt Bomer Giancarlo Esposito Melissa Leo John Leguizamo Alfre Woodard Taraji P. Henson Evan Handler Omar Epps Marlon Wayans Alan Cumming David Arquette Richard Schiff Wayne Knight Richard Kind Lynn Whitfield Wayne Brady Goo Goo Dolls Victory Inaugural Ball Maxwell Musiq Soulchild Maze featuring Frankie Beverly Are you attending inauguration ? Share photos on iReport .	Musicians , actors and athletes will be in Washington , D.C. this weekend for the inauguration Beyonce , Jamie Foxx and James Taylor are among those expected Eva Longoria serves as a co-chair of the Presidential Inaugural Committee
CNN  -- Some Web designers are staging an online revolt against an old version of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer browser , which they say is hampering the ability of the Web to move forward in a cool and interactive way . Some Web developers are trying to weed an old version of Internet Explorer from peoples ' computers . The designers say Internet Explorer 6 , which was released in 2001 and since has been updated twice by Microsoft Corp. , is crippling the Internet 's potential and slowing down the online experience . They also blame IE 6 for giving webmasters a collective headache , because they have to write special "  hacks " into Web code to accommodate an outmoded browser . An estimated 15 to 25 percent of people still use IE 6 as their portal to the Internet , according to two Web monitors . In recent months , several Web companies have launched sites devoted to the idea of undermining or killing Internet Explorer 6 . The most recent site , called "  IE 6 No More , " has gained momentum this week on social-media sites like Twitter and Digg in part because a number of respected Internet start-up companies have signed onto the campaign . The "  IE 6 No More " site provides Web developers with a piece of code -- an online hurdle , essentially -- they can install to encourage Internet users to download a new browser before coming back to the site . "  As any Web developer will tell you , working with IE 6 is one of the most difficult and frustrating things they have to deal with on a daily basis , taking up a disproportionate amount of their time , " an introduction on the site says . "  Beyond that , IE 6 's support for modern Web standards is very lacking , restricting what developers can create and holding the Web back . " On the surface , the campaign against IE 6 may seem like a cult of disgruntled techies who are angry at Microsoft or want to gripe about people who lag behind the technological curve . But that analysis is too simplistic , said Dan Oliver , editor of . net , a UK magazine about Web design . "  This is n't an anti-Microsoft campaign , " he said . "  Microsoft makes some fantastic products . The latest version of their browser is a good browser . But with regards to IE 6 ... -LSB- it -RSB- is an awful browser and no one should be using it . " He added : "  Ultimately , we 've kind of waited long enough . That 's why there 's a big movement of support for it because the geeks out there have known about this for years and have been waiting for big sites to jump on and push it forward . " In a statement to CNN , Microsoft said it also wants people to turn away from IE 6 . "  Microsoft has consistently recommended that consumers upgrade to the latest version of our browser , " the company said . "  Internet Explorer 8 offers improvements in speed , security and reliability as well as new features designed for the way people use the Web . " Oliver said his magazine started an anti-IE 6 Web site about three months ago . The movement has been growing among savvy Web developers for years , he said , but has hit a groundswell since bigger-name Internet companies jumped aboard . YouTube , for instance , now sends a message to Internet Explorer 6 users who visit the site , asking them to upgrade to another browser like Internet Explorer 8 , Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome . The video-streaming site will continue to function in a basic way for IE 6 users , according to a statement sent to CNN by YouTube . But bigger problems for IE 6 may be on the horizon as the Web becomes more complicated . Developers are already working with a new Web language -- called HTML 5 -- that is expected to make Web sites able to display flashier video , save documents to computers more easily and act more like traditional computer applications . When that shift comes , IE 6 will doubtlessly perish , said Ben Parr , a writer for the social-networking news blog Mashable . "  We 're about to hit a breaking point where innovation will be stifled if Web sites must continue to cater to this browser , " he wrote in a post titled , "  IE 6 Must Die for the Web to Move On . " The browser 's popularity is declining as newer versions of Internet Explorer become more widely used . But it 's unclear whether everyone who continues to use IE 6 does so by choice . Many businesses have built computer applications that run on the browser , and upgrades to those systems can be costly and difficult . That makes campaigns that tell people to switch their browser ineffective , Mark Trammell , a Digg employee , wrote on the company 's blog . "  Giving them a message saying , ` Hey ! Upgrade ! ' in this case is not only pointless ; it 's sadistic , " he wrote , also noting that Digg likely will stop supporting IE 6 for some of the site 's functions . That leaves some Web sites trying to find a middle ground . They want to be cutting-edge , but they also do n't want to alienate IE 6 users and business clients . Justin.tv , which lets people stream video live online , is among the sites trying to strike a balance . The company is backing an anti-IE 6 Web site , but Evan Solomon , the site 's vice-president for marketing , said the best thing that will come out of this discussion is that more people will become aware that there are alternatives in Web browsers . It 's also important to know how much those browsers control a person 's Internet experience , he said . "  It sucks for us if someone comes to the site and has a bad experience and the reason that happens is because they use a browser that was developed 10 years ago , " he said .	Some Web developers are trying to rid Internet Explorer 6 from peoples ' computers They say the 8-year-old browser is stalling future development of the Web Still , IE 6 is among the most common ways for people to access the Internet Other free browsers like IE 8 , Firefox and Chrome are far better , experts say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The leading contenders in Japan 's upcoming national election kicked off their 12-day campaign Tuesday near the seaside prefecture that was at the heart of last year 's nuclear disaster â $ " and is now a powerful symbol of Japan 's deepening economic woes . The man polls suggest will become the country 's next leader appealed for votes in Fukushima City , some 50 kilometers  30 miles  from the site of last year 's nuclear meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant . Shinzo Abe , leader of the opposition Liberal Democrat Party  LDP  , has said that , if elected , he 'll decide within three years whether to restart the nuclear plants that were shut down after an earthquake and tsunami triggered nuclear devastation in March 2011 . He 's a former prime minister who stepped down in 2007 after just one year in power citing health reasons . In his first official campaign speech Tuesday , Abe focused on economic arguments , saying he will act to counter deflation , weaken the yen and promote economic stability . "  We 'll regain economic power in Japan , " he said . Nearly two years after the nuclear meltdown , hundreds of thousands of people remain in temporary homes as the government , led by the Democratic Party of Japan  DPJ  , sees its support slip away . The economy is weakening , and policymakers are under enormous pressure to restore communities affected by the disaster . Since assuming power in September 2011 , current Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda has faced fierce resistance to his plan to raise government revenue by doubling the 5 % sales tax by October 2015 . He 's dealing with an economy that 's contracting -- by 3.5 % between July and September -- after years of economic malaise . If GDP continues to shrink this quarter , the country will officially enter another recession . "  Any prime minister who has seriously taken up the cause of instituting or increasing an existing consumption tax rate -- if they succeeded or failed -- has lost power , so in that sense you have to give Noda his dues , " said Keith Henry , founder of consultancy Asia Strategy . Last month , Noda agreed to dissolve the lower house of parliament , clearing the way for an election on December 16 , as part of a deal to secure support for a crucial financial bill from the LDP . It was a risky move , and one that a poll released on Monday suggested would lead to Noda 's removal from power , just one year after assuming office . The poll , conducted by Asahi Shimbun last weekend , suggests the LDP retained a 5 % lead over the DPJ . Twenty percent of respondents said they 'd vote for the LDP if the lower house election was held now , compared to 15 % who 'd vote for Noda 's DPJ . Noda also launched his re-election campaign in Fukushima prefecture , at the Iwaki station , where he told supporters they faced a clear choice . "  The question in this lower house election is whether we can move forward with what we should do or whether we turn back to the old politics , " he said . He has promised to phase out nuclear power by 2040 , seizing on a popular backlash against the energy source since last year 's nuclear disaster . It 's a policy pledged by other smaller parties vying for votes in an election that 's expected to see 1,500 candidates compete for 480 lower house seats . According to the polls , neither party is expected to win a majority , although Asia Strategy says a survey of polls shows that the LDP is on track for a coalition win , with its traditional ally the New Komeito Party . Amid flagging support for the major players , smaller parties have proliferated including The Japan Restoration Party , led by Shintaro Ishihara . The controversial former governor of Tokyo is perhaps best known outside the country for triggering a diplomatic spat with China over his move to buy disputed islands in the East China Sea . Earlier this year , he urged residents to donate cash to fund the purchase of the islands Japan calls Senkaku and China refers to as Diaoyu . The Japanese government eventually stepped in to buy the islands from private owners , provoking a sharp rebuke from Beijing and anti-Japanese protests across China . In the Asahi poll , 9 % of respondents said they 'd vote for Ishihara 's JRP , the same proportion who said they 'd give him their vote last week , indicating that his rising popularity may have stalled . Henry said that it 's unlikely that this election will give marginal parties enough votes to influence the parliament . "  I 'm convinced that these minor parties are going to remain minor parties , " he said . "  They grab the attention of the media , they 're old style curmudgeons but they wo n't gain any political influence . " Whether the combined leadership of the LDP and the New Komeito Party is able to introduce policies to contend with Japan 's major structural challenges ` remains to be seen , Henry said . If it ca n't , more political waves could be made when the upper house votes in an scheduled election next year , he said . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Japan 's 12-day election season begins with campaign speeches in Fukushima Polls show the Liberal Democrat Party is likely to return to power , led by Shinzo Abe Abe is a former prime minister who stepped down citing health reasons in 2007 Japan is struggling with economic contraction and the aftermath of last year 's nuclear disaster
Mental Floss  -- Golf 's U.S. Open teed off Thursday at Torrey Pines Golf Course in San Diego . We dug through the championship 's history to find some crucial details  and trivial moments , too How old is the tournament ? The Newport Country Club of Rhode Island hosted the first U.S. Open in 1895 with far less fanfare than the modern tournament receives . Instead of a mad scramble to make the elite field , the competition only had 11 entrants , each of whom played a nine-hole course four times in a single day . The U.S. Open was n't even the main draw on the course that week ; spectators and golfers were much more preoccupied with the first playing of U.S. Amateur Championship at the club , which made the Open something of an afterthought . At the end of play , Englishman Horace Rawlins claimed the title and pocketed $ 150 and a gold medal for his stellar performance .  He also made a compelling case for home-course advantage in golf ; by day the young champ was the assistant pro at ... you guessed it , the Newport Country Club .  The Open 's been played ever since with two exceptions : a two-year break for World War I and a four-year gap during World War II . So Americans dominated right off the bat , right ? Hardly . Although the tournament was called the U.S. Open , winning was strictly a British affair in its early days . From 1895 to 1910 , British golfers won every year , including four wins by Scottish immigrant Willie Anderson . Americans did n't claim their own Open until 1911 when Philadelphia 's John J. McDermott bested the field by three strokes . McDermott , who was only 19 years old at the time of his victory , still holds the record for youngest Open champ . Just as impressively , he successfully defended his title the following year at the Country Club of Buffalo . Mental Floss : Music 's greatest golfers Why is it called the U.S. Open ? Technically , the tournament is open to all comers rather than restricted to a certain group of golfers . Both amateurs and professionals can compete in the event , so in theory , any golfer in the world is eligible for the field . Thus , it 's an "  open " tournament . Of course , you ca n't just show up with your bag and shoes on Thursday morning and expect to tee off with Tiger . Golfers have to either qualify for the championship or gain an invitation through a qualifying exemption , which are given to past champions , recent champions of other major championships , top-ranked professionals , and other elite groups . Amateurs with handicaps of 1.4 or less can play in the U.S. Open if they make it through the qualifying process , which includes a local qualifying round and a sectional qualifying round . Golfers who manage to qualify in this way had better behave themselves , though . The United States Golf Association 's Web site ominously warns that golfers are "  subject to rejection at any time  including during the Championship  by the USGA . The reason for rejection may include unbecoming conduct . " If John Daly 's been sliding by , though , it 's probably tough to get the boot . What 's the roughest time anyone 's had at the Open ? It would be hard to beat J.D. Tucker in the futility department . He took the course for the 1898 Open at the Myopia Hunt Club in S. Hamilton , Massachusetts , and proceeded to shoot a 157 in his opening round . During his second round the same day , he carved 57 strokes off of his score , but that only got him to a not-so-competitive 100 . He then withdrew from the tournament . For a single hole , though , Ray Ainsley gave Tucker a run for his money . At the 1938 Open at Cherry Hills in Englewood , Colorado , Ainsley hit into a creek on the 16th hole of his second round . Rather than take a penalty , Ainsley thought he 'd try to hit the ball out of the water . When his first attempt was unsuccessful , he tried again . And again . And again . When the ball finally found its way onto dry land and into the cup , Ainsley had racked up a 19-stroke hole , a record that still stands . That should make you feel better the next time you have to suck it up and take a drop . Who was the unlikeliest champion ? That honor probably belongs to Francis Ouimet , the former caddy who took the 1913 U.S. Open at the course he used to patrol , the Country Club of Brookline , Massachusetts . Although he was an amateur facing stiff competition from celebrated British pros like Harry Vardon and Ted Ray , Ouimet managed to squeak out a victory following an 18-hole playoff . Fittingly , Ouimet 's caddy made him look old ; 10-year-old friend Eddie Lowery skipped school to man the bag for Ouimet throughout the tournament . The national press hung on young Ouimet 's gutsy performance against his British rivals , and the stunning win is credited with helping to popularize golf in the U.S. Sounds like a Disney movie , does n't it ? It is ; the story was adapted in 2005 as The Greatest Game Ever Played starring Shia LeBeouf as Ouimet . Mental Floss : Champion 's nickname or San Diego bar ? Why does n't Bobby Jones have five U.S. Open titles ? Amateur golfer Bobby Jones was undoubtedly one of the best golfers of all time , and he had the hardware to back it up : four U.S. Open wins , another three wins in the British Open , and six more wins between the U.S. Amateur and the British Amateur . He might have had a fifth U.S. Open title if he had n't been so honest , though . At the 1925 U.S. Open , he was getting set to hit an iron shot out of the rough when he felt his club move the ball ever so slightly . No one else seemed to have seen this movement , but Jones called a penalty on himself . After officials were unable to confirm that the ball had actually moved , they allowed Jones to make his own ruling on whether or not he should be penalized . Jones said he was certain the ball had moved and penalized himself . The decision cost him the outright title , and he then lost a playoff to Willie Macfarlane . Spectators praised Jones for being so conscientious , but he would have none of it . He flatly replied , "  You might as well praise me for not robbing banks . " Who was the unhealthiest champ ? Anyone who watched Angel Cabrera win last year 's U.S. Open while chain-smoking between shots might be surprised to learn the tobacco-loving Argentine does n't hold this distinction . Olin Dutra 's win at the 1934 U.S. Open was as much a medical marvel as it was an athletic achievement after Dutra got sick on his way to the tournament . He was n't just a little ill ; he was suffering from a case of amoebic dysentery that caused him to lose 15 pounds before the tournament began . For the first two rounds , Dutra played well enough to lurk just eight strokes back on the leaderboard . The third round was disastrous , though . The dysentery acted up , and Dutra dropped to 18th place . In the final round , though , he roared back despite feeling ill and being forced to subsist on sugar cubes . By shooting a final-round 72 , Dutra passed Bobby Cruickshank and Gene Sarazen to win his only U.S. Open crown by just one stroke . Honorable mention in this category has to go to Ken Venturi , who won the 1964 U.S Open at the Congressional Country Club in Bethesda , Maryland . The sweltering sun got to Venturi in his final round , and he nearly collapsed from heat exhaustion . He eventually completed his victory under the watchful eye of a doctor . Mental Floss : Which item has more calories ? For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Olin Dutra won the 1934 U.S. open while suffering from amoebic dysentery In 1898 J.D. Tucker shot a 157 in his opening round Despite being called the U.S. Open , most early winners were British
CNN  -- At Sepideh 's home in the Iranian capital , the television is more often switched to "  America 's Next Top Model " and "  American Idol " than the news . Not that the 22-year-old college student wants anyone to think her superficial , but it 's her way of coping with the ominous -- the heated rhetoric of war with Israel and the United States . "  My friends and I do n't talk about politics or the thought of a war , " she says , laughing . "  I stopped watching the news all together . It 's too depressing . " Sepideh is not unlike millions of Iranians who , like their neighboring Iraqis did in early 2003 , fear war is looming . Israel would face challenge in bombing Iran nuclear sites , experts say Some are less worried than others -- a Tehran fast food worker says Israel has been threatening Iran for years and this time is more of the same bluster . Still , all the bellicose talk from national leaders and punishing international sanctions trickling down to average Iranians who are paying higher prices for food and basic commodities , has cast an uneasy pall over life 's routine . Israel has threatened to bomb Iran to end or at least set back Iran 's nuclear ambitions . Iran insists its nuclear program is strictly for energy purposes and has said it will not hesitate to strike back at its enemies . U.S. President Barack Obama has stated Iran developing nuclear weapons is not acceptable and that Washington "  will always have Israel 's back . " That sort of talk is unsettling to Sepideh , who like others in this story did not want their full names used for fear of repercussion . She tries to go about life focusing on her education and hanging out with friends in tony Tehran coffee shops . She buys Hollywood at the local bazaar and swoons over Johnny Depp . In many ways she is not unlike her American counterparts except that Sepideh lives in the Islamic Republic and her government is considered an enemy of Washington . She thinks longingly about moving to America one day . In her country , she feels , she will never be able to freely express herself or her passion for art , music , films . She can not fathom why the United States would consider an attack Iran . Opinion : Israel 's ` Iron Dome ' system is n't enough protection "  I understand why America does n't like our government . They do n't agree that they should impose Islam on our society but that should not give them a reason for war , " she says . Her parents worry that the bombing of Iran would create another situation like Iraq in 2003 . They are especially concerned because Sepideh 's brother is 17 and because of Iran 's mandatory conscription , he will have to serve in the military after high school . "  If there were a war , no doubt my brother would be in danger , " she says . The family has applied for visas through Sepideh 's aunt in California . Sepideh prays every night that they will be granted . "  I have faith in  Barack  Obama 's policies , " she says . "  I think he is a smart man who in the end will make the right decision to not start a war with Iran . " Nevertheless , a sense of panic is on the rise in cities and towns across Iran over the prospect of guns and no butter . Tighter sanctions drove down the Iranian currency , the rial , and Iranians gobbled up gold , American dollars and even real estate in order to protect their savings . Food prices have soared , too , prompting some to stockpile basic items in case an even darker day looms over the horizon . This week the strangling of Iran 's finances got tighter . SWIFT , the world 's largest electronic banking system , agreed to cut off Iranian banks and individuals on the European Union 's sanctions list . Starting at noon Saturday , Iran will be severed from the main vehicle for monetary transactions . Iran 's business partners , including vital crude oil customers who account for half of the government 's revenues , will have to find an alternative way to pay . Beyond staggering inflation and a plunging national currency , analysts fear Iranians now could face shortages of essential goods like food and medicine . Retired elementary school teacher Shikoufeh , 67 , lives in the city of Isfahan , just south of Natanz , an uranium enrichment facility for power plants or potentially for bombs . In her modest two-bedroom apartment , she cares for her two grandchildren because her daughter was forced to go back to work to make ends meet . She takes the children for walks in a nearby park and wonders what would happen if Israel conducted military strikes against Iran 's nuclear plants and military installations . "  Iranians are educated , fun-loving people , " she says . "  We are against war and against aggression . " She wishes Americans knew more about the rich history of her country -- art , music , poetry -- and about the turmoil Iranians have survived . "  I honestly think they look at us as terrorists , like the ones that are portrayed in the movies , ' she says . "  They think we wear burkas like they do in Afghanistan , and do n't allow women to drive like in Saudi Arabia . Iran is different , we are different . We want peace like anyone else in this world . " Shikoufeh 's anxiety is heightened on Sundays when she heads to the fruit and vegetable market . Last week , the price of tomatoes went up so much that she could not justify buying them . The butcher told her he had n't seen profit in two months -- who can afford to buy meat anymore ? She tried to buy U.S. dollars recently but the bank informed her of limits on how much she could exchange . "  I always like to save some dollars in my house , just in case , " she says . Nowruz , the Persian new year , is coming up March 20 , but Shikoufeh says this year , the traditional meals and large get togethers will be a lot simpler . "  I 'm worried that our beautiful country will become similar to what the Americans did to Iraq , " she says . "  I pray to God they do n't . I love America and love Americans . They are lovely people . But I do n't understand the need to meddle in our country 's issues . " She says she is willing to live with Iran 's problems , if only she could have a guarantee of no war . "  That would be the end to our livelihoods and the little freedom we have now , " she says . Back in Tehran , Amir , 39 , says he is more concerned about facing economic hardship than dodging missiles and rockets . "  It 's all bluffing and political nonsense , " says the university English instructor about threats from Israel and the West . "  This happens every few years between Iran , Israel and the U.S. . This is normal , " he says . "  In a month it will quiet down again and in two years it will flare up again . This is the political wheel , always spinning . Obama has said he does n't want a war with Iran , and we all know Israel can not proceed with a war alone . " Amir sees money as his number one problem . He resents having to rely on his parents for support but he , his wife and child are forced to stay in an extra apartment at his parents ' home . Even though he has a degree and good job , his salary is no match for the prices at the market . "  My advice to my country is to open our doors to the world , " he says . "  Let 's show them that we have a right to nuclear technology , and that we are not making nuclear weapons . The Western nations always want to have their hands in other countries . I 'm pretty sure unemployment and crime is high in America . Should n't they be focusing on that ? " The tension within Iran is affecting people outside its borders , too . Tina , 36 , and Shermineh , 34 , fled Iran with their mother after the 1979 revolution and have not been back since . They have not seen their grandparents since they were babies . Tina says her grandmother weeps on the phone every week when they speak over the continents and oceans . To see her granddaughters again would help her die a "  blessed old woman . " The sisters , who live in Los Angeles , planned to return to their homeland for the very first time for the Persian new year . They booked their tickets and arranged their trip to Tabriz , the city where her family used to live . "  I was most excited about seeing all the places my mom talks about , " Tina says . That included the house where her mother was born . But a few weeks ago , once news broke of Israel possibly planning a spring strike , Tina 's mother canceled the trip for her daughters . "  I understand its for our safety , but I am really disappointed , " Tina says . "  I hope one day this political mess will clear up and we can go . I 'm not giving up , but when I turn on the news , it does n't seem like things are getting better . " For now all that Tina and her sister will have to wait to see what the future bodes . As will all of Iran .	Tehran college student Sepideh refuses to watch the news She worries about war coming to her homeland Anxieties are heightened by dismal economic prospects Upcoming Persian new year celebrations are sure to be more muted
CNN  Last Wednesday , the number was 59 . Nine days later , there are 91 cases of measles in California . The California Department of Public Health sent out the latest numbers Friday of confirmed cases since December and while the total is still small , the jump was a startling 54 % in just more than a week . Most cases -- 58 -- are linked to an outbreak at Disneyland in mid-December . Health officials said 40 of the cases were employees or park patrons , while 18 of the cases were secondary infections . The new numbers include two cases in Marin County , near San Francisco , where one parent of a 6-year-old has asked school officials to bar any children who have not been vaccinated for measles , mumps and rubella  MMR  . Father asks school district to ban children who have n't been immunized "  Fortunately , there is no need to exclude any students from a Marin County school at this time as there is no evidence for school-based exposure , " the county public health office said in a statement . The two measles patients are siblings , both of whom are unvaccinated . Their cases are related to the outbreak at Disneyland . CNN affiliate KGO reported the children are n't going to school and are n't in the county . The health department said 63 % of the people with measles are more than 20 years old . Measles is a highly communicable respiratory disease caused by a virus and spread through the air . Measles starts with a fever , runny nose , cough , red eyes and sore throat , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says . Opinion : Why I wo n't let unvaccinated people around my kids The disease outbreak became apparent when visitors reported coming down with measles after visiting the park from December 15 to December 20 . At least five Disney employees have been diagnosed with measles , Disney said . Measles was declared eliminated in the United States in 2000 , which means it is no longer native to the United States but continues to be brought in by international travelers . Arizona measles exposure worries parents of at-risk kids Last year , the United States had its most number of measles cases -- at 644 -- since 2000 , the CDC says on its website . In the first 28 days of January alone , 84 measles cases were reported in 14 states , including California , according to the CDC . The larger California statistic that the state released Friday encompasses December and January . New cases are being reported regularly , as are public notices for those who might have interacted with infected people . For example , the New York state health department on Friday announced a new measles case in Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson , which is 100 miles north of New York City . The infected student rode Amtrak train No. 283 from New York City 's Penn Station , a train that went to Albany and eventually to Niagara Falls . The CDC recommends that children get two doses of the MMR vaccine beginning at 12 months , with the second dose between the ages of 4 and 6 years old . Infants 6 to 11 months old should get the vaccine before international travel . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Number of cases rises by 54 % in nine days Most are related to an outbreak at Disneyland Two new cases in Marin County , but schools are making no changes for attendance
CNN  An elephant leg as a trash can . A crocodile skin for a bathroom carpet . A bear skin to help a man project power in the bedroom . These are just some of the objects confiscated by Polish customs officers and documented by Adam Lach , a photographer and filmmaker at Napo Images . For Lach , the illegal wildlife trade symbolizes the devastation that can result from human thoughtlessness , "  which , like locusts , can destroy all we have around us . " Lach first learned about the illicit trade when he was a teenager in the 1990s . He was shocked by the stories he heard . But it was seeing an exhibit of trafficked animal goods -- items seized by customs officials at an airport in Warsaw , Poland -- that prompted him to embark on his photographic project "  Human Tsunami . " "  I am not an idealist , but in our world we have the belief that we are the only valuable existence on planet Earth -- and this is not acceptable , " Lach said . "  The relation of men towards animals and nature is a reflection of the characteristics of the whole human population , as we still allow crimes against animals and nature . We do not understand that respecting the planet translates into respect of the people for themselves . "  Let us keep balance and let us use only what we need to live by . Cutting off the leg of an elephant and using it as a trash can is a testament to our hypocrisy . " Lach 's pictures were mostly taken over a two-week period , although he anticipates taking more in the future . Some of the specimens shown were confiscated years ago at the Warsaw airport , which placed its exhibit in the middle of the departures terminal to raise awareness of the problem . Lach 's images are not a story about a particular airport , he said , but they reflect a wider issue . "  Through these photographs , I will try to sensitize people and make them aware that they are often part of the problem , " he said . "  This project aims to show human arrogance and folly and to build in us humility . "  In my work I often use the sense of peace and tranquility in the photographs . I avoid screaming images . Hence the idea of a black background -- I wanted to isolate these exhibits to give them the rank of authenticity and pain . "  I wanted to pass on , as well , how uncomfortable I felt when I had to touch and set up these exhibits to be photographed or listen to horror stories of the customs officers . " One story that stood out in particular for Lach was that of a rapid decline in a seahorse species surrounding Indonesia . "  This decline came suddenly , out of nowhere , " he recounted . "  A short time afterwards , the Polish customs officers intercepted a cargo of dried seahorses . It turned out that some Indonesian company exported them to Poland as dietary supplements , a total of 27 tons of seahorses . "  How many seahorses had to die to produce 27 tons of powder ? Millions . That almost threatened the extinction of the entire population , perhaps even more than one species . "  It shows how easy it is to cause irreparable damage to nature and how stupid we are . " Polish customs officers have done well in combating the trade , Lach said . They no longer find cardboard boxes filled with hundreds of turtles , or parrot cages containing tied-up birds , or containers of snakes and lizards that are stuffed so full that only half survived the trip , he said . Now , smuggling efforts are more likely to involve someone trying to transport a baby monkey or pass off a serval -- an African wild cat -- as a domestic cat , he said . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  At first glance , it seems therefore that it is better . But it is not , " Lach said . "  This illegal trade is running as before , even faster , only ever more discreetly . "  Before , this trade flourished in markets and pet stores , while today traders often use the Internet . It is not only convenient , but also safer . The merchant offers for sale one or two pieces , sends them by courier , and if there is a setback , the loss is small . "  The criminal responsibility is smaller too , because it deals with smuggling a single specimen . Illegal transactions favor the Internet . A global network does not recognize borders . " Today , Lach said , anyone with an Internet connection can visit the traffickers ' websites . "  The only limitation is language , " he said . "  One who knows languages can buy everything . " Adam Lach is a Polish photographer . You can follow him on Twitter and Facebook .	A Polish airport has an exhibit showing some of the illegal animal goods it has seized Photographer Adam Lach recently took photos to document the problem He hopes to sensitize people and make them aware they 're part of the problem
CNN  Barney Frank , to say the least , knows his way around politics . In a Chicago appearance recently , the retired congressman had the sold-out crowd at the Center on Halsted well entertained as he detailed his 45-year journey in public service . Frank , you 'll recall , was the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office , and among other things , he had some choice words for closeted politicians who vote against LGBT rights . And when someone in the audience asked his thoughts about a current ballot proposal in California that would legalize killing gay people , he said he was n't aware of the measure but told the young man not to "  worry yourself about the crazy people . " "  We 're winning , " he said before joking that the name of the California proposal -- "  The Sodomite Suppression Act " -- sounded like a porno . "  We 're winning " is a phrase I 've heard a lot recently as it pertains to LGBT rights . And I guess if you look at where the country was 10 years ago , we definitely are . That 's assuming you are part of the "  we " that believes LGBT people should have the same rights as their heterosexual/cisgender counterparts . Or at least not "  be put to death by bullets to the head or by any other convenient method " as the California proposal suggests .  It 's unclear whether Matt McLaughlin , the Huntington Beach lawyer who submitted the proposal , is being sincere or just an ass , but the fact remains that if he collects enough signatures there appears to be no legal way of stopping it from going on the ballot . Frank 's "  we 're winning " declaration was oddly timed , too . Less than 24 hours after his talk , the governor in the next state over signed an anti-LGBT "  religious freedom " bill into the law -- one that allows businesses to challenge in court local laws that forbid discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation . "  Many people of faith feel their religious liberty is under attack by government action , " Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said . Not to be outdone , Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson said he would sign a similar bill that is expected to reach his desk shortly . So we have : A fledgling proposal to kill the gays out West , laws to deny us goods and services in the heartland , and if the rhetoric of 2016 hopeful Ted Cruz is a barometer , a federal ban on same-sex marriage still on the GOP table . Like others , I had foolishly hoped the upcoming general election would be one defined by bold ideas . Instead , it looks like it 's going to be dragged down to a replay of Pat Buchanan 's "  cultural war " speech , during which he told the 1992 Republican National Convention : "  We stand with  George H.W. Bush  against the amoral idea that gay and lesbian couples should have the same standing in law as married men and women " and later followed with "  There is a religious war going on in this country . It is a cultural war , as critical to the kind of nation we shall be as the Cold War itself . For this war is for the soul of America . " Progressives enjoyed poking fun at Cruz , the tea party darling when he announced his presidential bid , but according to the American Civil Liberties Union , "  the Indiana RFRA -LSB- Religious Freedom Restoration Act -RSB- is one of 24 introduced in 15 states this year that could allow someone to use their religious beliefs to discriminate . Numerous other bills specifically single out the LGBT community for unequal treatment . " It 's not just lawmakers . Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore made headlines for telling state officials and judges to disregard a federal court ruling that overturned the state 's ban on same-sex marriage . And this week . a federal judge in Cruz 's home state of Texas blocked a federal rule that would have granted married , same-sex couples access to the Family and Medical Leave Act , a law that helps employees stay home to take care of a severely ill spouse . It seems clear that even if Cruz does n't capture the GOP nomination , whoever does will undoubtedly make some concessions to appease LGBT rights backlash currently underway in conservative states . That could include one of Cruz 's agenda items : a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage , usurping whatever ruling comes out of the Supreme Court in June , when the court is expected to rule on whether such marriage is constitutionally protected . And the NCAA can issue strongly worded statements , as it did over Indiana 's new anti-LGBT law , and -- along with others in corporate America -- can threaten financial repercussions for discriminatory laws . But at the end of the day , it 's about votes . Frank said when progressives get angry they march in the streets , and when conservatives get mad they march to the polls . If that holds true in 2016 , "  winning " is going to feel very strange . Indeed , most 2016 hopefuls on the right have been reluctant to express support for same-sex marriage . According to former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , "  it 's like asking someone who 's Jewish to start serving bacon-wrapped shrimp in their deli . " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said , "  I certainly will support Ted Cruz and others that are talking about making ... a constitutional amendment to allow states to continue to define marriage . " Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has a long history of fighting against same sex marriage and civil unions . And Ben Carson said jail turns people gay , so there 's that .  He later apologized Gallup polls may suggest voters nationwide are more gay-friendly , but the trend on the state level tells a different story . Perhaps we 're witnessing the final gasp of long-ago biases . Or maybe those biases are having a rebirth we had underestimated . Barney Frank said he believes Republicans want the Supreme Court to rule in favor of same-sex marriage to provide political cover in the GOP primary . That may be true , but it 's doubtful that will allow a candidate to avoid taking a position on the wave of so-called "  religious freedom " bills currently snaking through red-state legislatures . Or to sidestep the topic of a constitutional amendment when it 's raised in a debate or at a campaign stop -- especially with Republicans controlling both the House and the Senate . Once again , our democracy is vexed by a woefully inadequate two-party system . Socially liberal , fiscally conservative independent voters may want to consider the full depth of a candidate 's policies before making a decision , but ultimately it may come down to a single-question : to discriminate against LGBT people or not . Unfortunately , the pending 2016 "  cultural war " does not allow for much wiggle room beyond that . I know Frank and others have said "  we 're winning " but sitting here , watching the life being sucked out of democracy year in and year out feels more like a defeat than a victory .	LZ : Barney Frank may say LGBT rights ` winning , ' but Indiana law pushing them back , and other states ' anti-LGBT moves , a bad sign Cruz , Huckabee , Jindal , Carson , Walker and some state judges rulings , feel like 2016 reviving culture wars , he says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A high-frequency radar in California detected the March 11 tsunami that devastated Japan , raising hopes for the development of a new early warning system , a University of California at Davis oceanographer said . It was the first time a tsunami has been observed on radar , said Professor John Largier , an oceanographer at the University of California at Davis and an author of a new paper describing the work . "  We have the hardware set up . We have the system operational . It 's a software challenge that we show we can achieve " for the West Coast , Largier told CNN Tuesday . His paper appears this month in the journal Remote Sensing . A consortium of universities in California already has a high-frequency radar system set up for the West Coast to detect changes in the ocean 's currents . To develop an early warning system for tsunamis on the West Coast , software would be needed , Largier said . Such a detection system could provide a 15-minute warning for a tsunami approaching northern California and an early warning of an hour for southern California , where the shallow continental shelf along the coast is bigger , Largier said . The U.S. East Coast and southeast Asia would have to set up a system and software from scratch , but an early detection system could provide an hour 's warning for the Eastern Seaboard and several hours for southeast Asia , where the coastal shallow waters are much bigger , Largier said . For the past decade , Largier and his colleagues have used a high-frequency radar array at the university 's Bodega Marine Lab to study ocean currents off California . That radar array is state-funded , but researchers are concerned about the costs of continuing to operate it , Largier said . Researchers from Hokkaido and Kyoto universities in Japan and San Francisco State University and Largier used data from radar sites at Bodega Bay ; Trinidad , Calif. ; and two sites in Hokkaido , Japan , to look for the tsunami offshore . The radar does n't pick up the actual tsunami but rather changes in currents as the wave travels , the scientists said . As the waves enter shallower coastal water over the continental shelf , they slow down , increase in height and decrease in wavelength , the scientists said .	A tsunami has been observed for the first time on radar , an oceanographer says That was the March 11 tsunami that devastated Japan The West Coast already has a high-frequency radar system for the ocean Southeast Asia , parts of the U.S. East Coast would have to build radar systems from scratch
Maryville , Missouri  CNN  -- A Missouri prosecutor who dropped charges in a controversial rape case will ask a court to appoint a special prosecutor to review the facts and look at possibly refiling charges . Nodaway County Prosecuting Attorney Robert L. Rice said Wednesday that he was making the request after CNN aired interviews this week with the alleged victim , Daisy Coleman , who says she was raped when she was 14 , and her mother . At a news conference , Rice also cited a recent article in The Kansas City Star that questioned the integrity of the investigation . "  The public trust in our criminal justice system must be upheld at all times , " he said . The case dates to January 8 , 2012 . But after The Kansas City Star featured the story over the weekend , it gained traction on social media and spread to a wider audience . Rice spoke one day after Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder made a public appeal for a grand jury investigation into the case . Why Anonymous wants justice in the Missouri rape case The prosecuting attorney said that witnesses in the case invoked their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and declined to cooperate . Rice added that he could n't provide reporters with court documents showing the witnesses ' refusal to cooperate because those records are closed . He said he was upset that his decision was called into question in media accounts . "  My name was dragged through the mud in that article , and I do n't appreciate that , " Rice said . Referring specifically to The Kansas City Star story , he added : "  The way the article was written inflamed passions . " City of Maryville officials held a separate news conference after Rice 's event and asserted that they had nothing to do with the county prosecutor 's earlier decision to drop charges . The city , however , has been targeted with cyberthreats in the wake of publicity about the case , and public safety patrols have since been increased , City Manager Greg McDanel told reporters . "  We 've been stunned by the nature of cyberthreats " against the city in general , he said . "  In recent weeks , the city has received a great deal of negative attention . "  It 's detrimental to the lives and livelihood of the residents of Maryville , " McDanel added . There 's been a public "  misconception " that the city was involved in the investigation , he said . "  The city of Maryville was not involved ... in any way . " ` Insufficient evidence ' Rice has said he dropped a sexual assault charge against the boy because the alleged victim and her relatives refused to cooperate . A charge against the boy 's friend who was accused of recording part of the incident on an iPhone was also discontinued . The iPhone video was deleted the night of the alleged assault and was n't retrievable , Rice said Wednesday . The alleged victim told CNN that she believes the charges were dropped against Matthew Barnett , then 17 , because his grandfather is a former state legislator . That relative , Rex Barnett , told CNN Wednesday he had "  absolutely " no role in the prosecutor 's decision . CNN does not typically identify alleged victims of sexual assault but has done so in this case because Daisy and her mother , Melinda Coleman , have chosen to go public . Both mother and daughter have denied refusing to cooperate with prosecutors . Rex Barnett , a former Republican state representative who is a retired 32-year veteran officer of the Missouri State Highway Patrol , said he made a deliberate decision to avoid local police and prosecutors during the investigation because of his political standing . "  As long as I 've been in politics and law enforcement , I knew that if this thing drug on long , I would be pulled into it somewhere , I think , just for political reasons , " Barnett told CNN . "  So I made it a point not to talk to the prosecuting attorney , to the sheriff , to any of the witnesses directly or indirectly , and I stuck to that . And I 'm glad I did . " He said the case was dropped "  because of a lack of testimony from the complainants . And without that , the prosecuting attorney has no case . " The ongoing controversy has been hard on his family , he said . "  It 's been tough , " he said . "  I mean , we thought it was over a year and a half ago , and to my knowledge , there has been no change , nothing more evidentiary has come up that I know of . "  But  the case has  resurfaced , and I 'm not sure why , " he added . Barnett , also a deacon in the First Baptist Church , was first elected to the Missouri General Assembly in 1994 . He served four terms until 2002 , The Kansas City Star said . In a recent statement , Rice said that "  there was insufficient evidence to prove a criminal charge beyond a reasonable doubt . "  The State 's witnesses refused to cooperate and invoked their Fifth Amendment privilege to not testify , " he added . Nodaway County Sheriff Darren White told CNN that his office and the prosecuting attorney had been ready to prosecute but did not move forward because the victim and her family refused to cooperate . "  The only people 's stories that have been inconsistent throughout this whole thing are the Colemans ' -- are the victims in this case -- and I do n't know why that is , " White said . Protest planned Reacting to the lieutenant governor 's call for a grand jury review , the sheriff said that his office handled the case "  flawlessly . " In an interview with CNN , White described the elder Barnett as someone he had known for more than 30 years . "  He 's a man that I do consider to be a friend , " the sheriff said . But he described as "  absolutely shameful " any suggestion that Barnett would have tried to influence the investigation into his grandson . Melinda Coleman said White had initially told her that other girls had come forward to accuse the same group of boys of similar conduct but changed his story . "  He said that they were all liars . I digitally recorded him saying they were all liars and that they just wanted to crucify those poor , innocent boys . "  So my concern is what is it going to take for them to do something here ? Is one of these girls going to have to die ? " the mother said . In the weeks that followed her daughter 's alleged assault , Coleman said her children received threats . She was also fired from her job as a veterinarian at a clinic . Daughter Daisy is now 16 . The Colemans have since moved from the 12,000-resident town in northwest Missouri , about 100 miles north of Kansas City . In April , their house in Maryville -- which had been vacant and for sale -- burned . The state fire marshal said that "  due to the unsafe nature of the structure , a detailed examination could not be conducted and this fire loss is being listed as undetermined . " A Facebook page campaign called "  Justice for Daisy " says a public rally is scheduled for Tuesday at the Nodaway County Courthouse . Protesters will carry daisies in their hands . "  We will increase patrols and do everything in our power to protect our citizens , " McDanel said of the protest . "  We will remain on high alert . " CNN 's Michael Martinez wrote this story from Los Angeles . CNN 's Ana Cabrera and Sara Weisfeldt contributed from Missouri .	Cyberthreats prompt police patrols but city says it had no role in dropped case City will be on high alert for Tuesday 's protest promoted by Facebook page The grandfather of the boy accused of rape is a former state legislator The grandfather tells CNN that politics had no role in the case being dropped
CNN  As another snowstorm barrels toward the already-buried Northeast this weekend , some folks have had just about all they can take . Dr. Steve Schlozman , an assistant professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School , wrote this week that he has "  developed a new sympathy for my daughter 's hamster , " on WBUR 's Common Health blog . "  She 's seen the same cage , the same scene , the same everything , day in and day out , " Schlozman wrote . "  But alas , my kid 's hamster can not work scissors , or a remote control for the television , or engage in any sort of higher order thinking . " But too much time for thinking in the winter can lead to trouble . Millions of Americans experience a serious mood change during the winter months , when there is less natural sunlight . The condition is called seasonal affective disorder , or SAD . According to the National Institute of Mental Health , it 's a type of depression , with symptoms such as : • Sad , anxious or "  empty " feelings • Feelings of hopelessness and/or pessimism • Feelings of guilt , worthlessness or helplessness • Irritability , restlessness • Loss of interest or pleasure in activities you used to enjoy • Fatigue and decreased energy • Difficulty concentrating , remembering details and making decisions • Difficulty sleeping or oversleeping • Changes in weight • Thoughts of death or suicide While the specific cause of SAD remains unknown , researchers have narrowed down a few factors that may come into play . "  Our inner clock , whose timing cycle does not necessarily match day and night outdoors , needs to stay in sync with rest-activity cycles dictated by family and work life , " says Michael Terman , a professor of clinical psychology in psychiatry at Columbia University 's College of Physicians and Surgeons . "  This is both very disorienting and a trigger for mood slumps and depression . " "  Since the inner clock relies on sunlight to stay in sync , winter sunrise is later and winter nights are longer , melatonin can overshoot into the day , causing grogginess or ` brain fog , ' for several hours , " Terman says . Melatonin is a hormone that regulates sleep and wake cycles . Serotonin , one of many brain chemicals that affect mood , also varies seasonally , with lower levels in winter . According to the Mayo Clinic , SAD is diagnosed more often in women than in men , but men typically experience more severe symptoms . Younger people have a higher risk of SAD , and those affected are more likely to have blood relatives with SAD or another form of depression . So , how can you beat the winter blues ? You 've got a few options : Light therapy is typically the treatment most people try first . You sit a few feet from a specially designed bright light , which mimics natural outdoor light . Solid scientific data is lacking , but light therapy appears to cause a change in brain chemicals linked to mood and seems to be effective for most people in relieving SAD symptoms . You do n't need a prescription from your doctor . There are options on websites such as Amazon for under $ 100 . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration does n't regulate light-therapy products and , as you might expect , some of the manufacturers ' claims are confusing and overreaching . The general consensus is to look for a light box that provides white light -- as opposed to blue or "  full spectrum " -- with 10,000 lux of illumination and a broad diffuser screen that filters out UV rays . Most patients report phototherapy generally starts working in just a few days and results in few side effects ; at worst : headaches , mild nausea , feelings of restlessness and trouble sleeping . If light therapy does n't work , you might ask your doctor about a prescription for an antidepressant , especially if your symptoms are severe . Keep in mind that it might take a few weeks for the medication to fully kick in . Additionally , you may have to try a few different medications before you find one that works well for you and has the fewest side effects . If you want to go the natural route , psychotherapy is another option to treat SAD . Psychotherapy can help you identify and change negative thoughts and behaviors that may be making you feel worse , learn healthy ways to cope with SAD and learn how to better manage stress . Of course , the best solutions to any problem are sometimes the simplest . • Get outside . Bundle up and take a walk , even a short one . Even on a cold or cloudy day , outdoor light can help -- especially if you soak it in within the first few hours or waking up in the morning . • Make time to work out . Exercise helps decrease stress and anxiety , both of which can increase symptoms of SAD . As we all know , being more in shape can make you feel better about yourself , too , which can lift your mood . • Last but not least : socialize . When you 're feeling down , it can be hard to be social , but that 's when it 's most important to connect with those around you . So grab your spouse , your kids , a neighbor and let us see what you 're up to by posting on social media using the hashtag #CNNsnow .	Yet more snow heading to Northeast United States this weekend Many are tired of it , but some are SAD . Here are suggestions to help cheer up
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Kenya has deported a Jamaican-born Muslim cleric who was previously jailed in Britain for inciting racial hatred , the Kenyan immigration minister said Thursday . Abdullah Ibrahim el-Faisal was deported to the West African country of Gambia , Kenyan Immigration Minister Otieno Kajwang told reporters in the Kenyan capital , Nairobi . Kenyan anti-terror police picked up Abdullah Ibrahim el-Faisal days ago after he passed into the country unnoticed , police spokesman Eric Kiraithe told CNN on Tuesday . Kenya 's immigration minister declared him an unwanted person in Kenya , Kiraithe said , adding that el-Faisal is a threat to Kenya 's security with "  proven " terrorism links . El-Faisal was sentenced in London to nine years in prison in March 2003 for inciting others to commit murder and for stirring racial hatred . He had been arrested a year earlier . He was paroled in 2007 after serving half his sentence and deported to Jamaica , according to British news reports . El-Faisal entered Kenya from Tanzania , Kiraithe said , but it was not clear when . Kiraithe acknowledged there had been "  lapses " between Kenya 's police and immigration that allowed the cleric to enter the country . Kenyan Muslim groups have protested the moves to deport el-Faisal . "  He is being treated unfairly , " said Al-Amin Kimathi , the executive coordinator for the Muslim Forum of Human Rights , "  He has committed no crimes in Jamaica and has not committed any crimes in Kenya . There is a double standard at work . " Before his sentence in Britain , el-Faisal had spent much of the previous decade preaching in various mosques and selling audiotapes across the country . In one of the tapes , he said , "  How do you fight the Hindus ? You have to bomb the Indian businesses . And as for the Jews , you kill them physically . Then you will overcome them in Kashmir and in Palestine . " His lawyers in Britain had asked the judge in his case to consider the Muslim convert "  misguided rather than malicious . " The defense stressed that most of his preachings were benign interpretations of the Quran . They also said el-Faisal , a husband and father who had been living in the east London neighborhood of Stratford , had been a leader in his community . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Kenyan anti-terror police picked up Abdullah Ibrahim el-Faisal days after he passed into country unnoticed El-Faisal sentenced in London to 9 years in prison in March 2003 for inciting others to commit murder He was paroled in 2007 after serving half his sentence and deported to Jamaica , according to reports
A California poultry producer announced Monday that it is working with the federal health officials after an estimated 278 illnesses were reported in 18 states . Raw chicken products from Foster Farms plants have been identified as the likely source of this outbreak of Salmonella Heidelberg . Illnesses were linked to the facility through investigations conducted by local , state , and federal officials . The outbreak is continuing and no recall has been issued . The Food Safety and Inspection Service  FSIS  , an agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture , has been unable so far to identify the specific product or production period , but raw products from the potentially affected facilities bear one of the following numbers on the packaging : P6137 , P6137A , P7632 and mainly distributed to retail outlets in California , Oregon and Washington state . Food poisoning : What you need to know The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is partnering with state health departments to monitor the outbreak while FSIS continues its investigation , but due to the government shutdown , current information may not be available on the agencies ' websites . "  While the company , FSIS and CDC continue to investigate the issue , Foster Farms has instituted a number of additional food safety practices , processes and technology throughout company facilities that have already proven effective in controlling Salmonella in its Pacific Northwest operations earlier this year , " Foster Farms said in a statement on its website . The Food and Drug Administration recommends a minimum internal temperature of 165 degress Fahrenheit in order to ensure that harmful bacteria is killed off . The reading should be taken from the thickest part of the flesh , not touching a bone . Washing poultry before cooking it is not recommended . Bacteria in raw meat and poultry juices can be spread to other foods , utensils , and surfaces . Cooking  baking , broiling , boiling , and grilling  to the right temperature kills the bacteria , so washing food is not necessary . Consumers with food safety questions can "  Ask Karen , " the FSIS virtual representative available 24 hours a day at AskKaren.gov . The toll-free USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline  1-888-674-6854  is available in English and Spanish and can be reached from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. ET on weekdays . Recorded food safety messages are available 24 hours a day . Fast facts on salmonella The CDC reports that people in a normal state of health who ingest Salmonella-tainted food may experience diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps , which typically begin within 12 to 72 hours . This may be accompanied by vomiting , chills , headache and muscle pains . These symptoms may last about four to seven days , and then go away without specific treatment , but left unchecked , Salmonella infection may spread to the bloodstream and beyond , and may cause death if the person is not treated promptly with antibiotics . Children , the elderly , and people with compromised immune symptoms should practice extreme caution , as salmonellosis may lead to severe illness or even death . About 48 million people contract some form of food poisoning each year , according to the CDC . Salmonella was the top cause of foodborne illness , according to the CDC 's 2012 report card on food poisoning . However , the overall incidence of Salmonella was unchanged from the 2006-08 data , the agency said . The report card is based on reports from 10 U.S. regions , representing about 15 % of the country . New FDA rules target foodborne illnesses	Raw chicken products from Foster Farms plants have been ID 'd as the likely source Federal inspectors have not yet isolated the specific product or production period An estimated 278 illnesses have been reported in 18 states Affected products were mainly distributed to retail outlets in Pacific Coast states
Portland , Maine  CNN  -- When President Barack Obama visited Maine on Thursday , he did n't come within 300 miles of the nurse protesting her state-mandated Ebola quarantine . But he has inserted himself in the middle of a growing debate between the federal government and states over their rules for health workers returning from the Ebola zone . Kaci Hickox , the Doctors Without Borders worker hailed by the White House as a hero for treating Ebola patients in Liberia , on Thursday defied the demands the Maine 's Republican governor to remain inside her home near the Quebec border . She was spotted leaving her house by bike , trailed by a state trooper . Obama , who traveled to Portland on Thursday for a campaign rally , has sought to tamp down on fears of recently-returned health workers , inviting a group of them to the White House Wednesday and hailing their mission as essential . "  When they come home , they deserve to be treated properly , " he said in the East Room on Wednesday , flanked by doctors still within the 21-day incubation period . "  They deserve to be treated like the heroes that they are . " Rules implemented this week by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention require closer monitoring of health workers returning from West Africa , but stop short of requiring any type of quarantine . Many states have gone further , insisting nurses and doctors remain isolated for three weeks . The White House has questioned those state laws , saying the rules are too strict and not guided by the science of Ebola . The virus is spread through bodily fluids and patients are n't considered contagious until they 're showing symptoms of the disease . "  When I hear people talking about American leadership and then are promoting policies that would avoid leadership and have us running in the opposite direction and hiding under the covers , it makes me a little frustrated , " Obama said on Wednesday . Hickox was initially quarantined inside a tent in Newark before being allowed to leave for her home in Maine , where Gov. Paul LePage said he 'd require her to remain inside her home for 21 days . Hickox said the state rules amount to a restriction on her civil rights and has threatened a legal battle over the mandated isolation . LePage , an Republican whose past off-color remarks have garnered national headlines , sent state troopers to Hickox 's Fort Kent home to enforce the quarantine . On Thursday , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said only that Obama believed state policies "  should be guided by science , " but would n't go to say whether Obama believed Maine 's rules lived up to that tenet . A five-hour drive south from the unfolding legal machinations , Democrats welcomed Obama for a political rally supporting LePage 's opponent Mike Michaud , who scored a boost to his chances on Wednesday when the state 's independent Sen. Angus King lent his backing . Michaud , a six-term congressman , is locked in a dead heat with LePage . Like past races in Maine , an independent is also in the mix , though Eliot Cutler is running well behind the two main party candidates . Maine 's gubernatorial contest is one of only a handful of stops Obama will make on the campaign trail this year ; his record low approval ratings and controversial policies have made him unwelcome in key Senate battles . Thursday Obama hit Republicans as full of bad ideas , and resistant to measures he said could help improve the lives of middle class Americans , like boosting the minimum wage and insisting on equal pay for women . The objective in Maine , according to University of New England political science professor Brian Duff , is to get Democrats to just "  act like Democrats " -- that is , vote for Michaud over the trailing independent . "  There is a sense that voters just need a final push to come back into the fold , " Duff said . "  They are helped by the fact that the current Republican governor is not popular , and has very conservative views that are out of step with the majority of Mainers . " One area LePage and and his rival have found agreement , however , is quarantining Hickox . "  It 's the state 's responsibility to make sure that people are protected here in the state of Maine for public safety and I support the 21 day quarantine , " the Democrat told reporters Wednesday .	President Barack Obama heads to Maine for a political rally Thursday Maine is insisting nurse Kaci Hickox remain in a home quarantine Obama says quarantine rules should be guided by science Obama is there stumping for Rep. Mike Michaud , the Democratic governor candidate
Friends and relatives of two teens accused in the beating death of a Mexican immigrant struggled to contain their relief as not-guilty verdicts were announced on the most serious charges against the former high school football stars Friday . Luis Ramirez died of blunt force injuries after a confrontation with a group of Pennsylania teens . Gasps filled the courtroom and some had to be restrained by sheriff 's deputies as they tried to rush the defense table after Derrick Donchak , 19 , and Brandon Piekarsky , 17 , were acquitted of aggravated assault , reckless endangerment and ethnic intimidation for the death of Luis Ramirez . Piekarsky was also found not guilty of third-degree murder for the death of Ramirez , who died of blunt force injuries after an encounter with the teens last summer . However , the all-white jury of six men and six women from Schuylkill County jury found Piekarsky and Donchak guilty of simple assault . The case drew national attention to the small town of Shenandoah , Pennsylvania , highlighting race relations and polarizing the community on who was to blame for the incident . Lawyers for the teens never denied that their clients were involved in a physical altercation with Ramirez on a residential street the night of July 12 . Instead , they tried to cast Ramirez as the aggressor , and suggested that the other teens involved in the tangle of punches and blows were to blame . "  In my mind it was the lack of evidence to tie these kids to the serious charges that they brought , " defense lawyer Frederick Fanelli said . A cast of witnesses provided conflicting accounts regarding who initiated the encounter and who exactly did what , complicating prosecutors ' efforts to assign blame . "  If you ask most prosecutors who are dealing with multiple defendants , and in this particular case there were at least four , it is extraordinary difficult to clear the fog of a fight , " truTV anchor Ashleigh Banfield said . The 25-year-old Mexican immigrant had settled in Shenandoah a year before his death with his wife , a lifelong resident of the faltering mining town , and their young children . He was walking down a residential street with a friend when he encountered the group of teens , who had been drinking earlier in the evening . Donchak was convicted of providing alcohol to the other teens who were involved in the confrontation , including a juvenile co-defendant and another teen who pleaded guilty in federal court for his role in the fight . Prosecutors alleged that the teens baited the Ramirez into a fight with racial epithets , provoking an exchange of punches and kicks that ended with Ramirez convulsing in the street , foaming from the mouth . He died two days later in a hospital . Piekarsky was accused of delivering a fatal kick to Ramirez 's head after he was knocked to the ground . As they poured out of courthouse , the teens ' supporters shouted "  I was right from the start " and "  I 'm glad the jury listened " at cameras that caught the late-night verdict . But Gladys Limon , a spokeswoman for the Mexican-American Legal Defense and Education Fund , said the jury had sent a troubling message . "  The jurors here -LSB- are -RSB- sending the message that you can brutally beat a person , without regard to their life , and get away with it , continue with your life uninterrupted , " she said . "  In this case , the message is that a person who may not be popular in society based on their national origin or certain characteristic has less value in our society , " she said . The extent of Ramirez 's injuries , which had left his brain oozing from his skull , according to medical testimony , should have sufficed for a conviction other than simple assault , Limon said . "  The acts here were egregious in brutality and it 's just outrageous and very difficult to understand how any juror could have had reasonable doubt , especially as to the aggravated assault and the reckless enganderment charges , " she said . Limon said her group intends to press the Department of Justice to file federal charges against the teens . "  Luis Ramirez 's family deserves vindication for his death , " she said . "  This incident has not only disrupted Luis Ramirez 's family , but the entire community . " CNN 's Brian Rokus contributed to this report .	Teens acquitted of murder , aggravated assault , ethnic intimidation Verdict sends "  extremely dangerous " precedent , advocacy group says Schuylkill County prosecutors alleged the beating was racially motivated Incident drew national attention to small town of Shenandoah , Pennsylvania
CNN  This week 's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab 's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half . The Thursday massacre was the most deadly assault so far , with 147 dead , easily eclipsing the terrorist group 's most notorious attack , a four-day siege in late September 2013 at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi in which 67 people were killed . After the Westgate attack , Al-Shabaab unleashed a string of attacks in Kenya that have killed more than 100 people -- assaulting the coastal town of Mpeketoni on June 16 , 2014 ; shooting bus passengers who could not recite the Quran on November 22 , 2014 ; and then , days later , executing Christian quarry laborers . Why is Al-Shabaab , a Somali nationalist , Islamist group affiliated with al Qaeda , targeting Kenya ? Al-Shabaab says its attacks are to protest the more than 3,500 Kenyan soldiers participating in the African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia . But if that is the case , why does n't Al-Shabaab target Kenyan military bases rather than attacking undefended so-called soft targets such as Kenyan malls and universities ? In fact , Thursday 's attack on the university is one more sign of the weakness of Al-Shabaab , which has steadily been losing ground for years in Somalia as a result of the African Union forces fighting them there , as well as a covert U.S. drone and Special Operations Forces campaign that has also degraded the group 's capabilities . In 2006 , Al-Shabaab controlled the Somali capital of Mogadishu and , in the following years , much of central and southern Somalia . Six years later , African Union forces had recaptured Mogadishu , parts of southern Somalia and critical cities such as Kismayo . The loss of Kismayo , Al-Shabaab 's last city stronghold and an important port , took a financial toll on the group . Ground battles with African Union forces have decimated Al-Shabaab 's rank-and-file , while U.S. drone strikes and Special Operations raids have killed some of the group 's leaders . In the past four years , according to a count by New America , the U.S. has launched a dozen drone strikes and six Special Operations raids against Al-Shabaab . These strikes and raids -- almost all occurring in southern Somalia -- have targeted the terrorist group 's training camps and leaders . American drones or special operators have killed 10 leaders : Aden Hashi Ayro , the top commander ; Ahmed Abdi Godane , Ayro 's successor ; a top commander , Sheikh Muhidin Mohamud Omar ; Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan , a senior official who operated training camps ; commander Jabreel Malik Muhammed ; Bilal al-Berjawi , the deputy of military leader Fazul Abdullah Mohammed ; chief bomb-maker Ibrahim Ali Abdi ; intelligence chief Tahlil Abdishakur ; Yusef Dheeq , the chief of external operations and planning for intelligence and security ; and Adan Garar , who was involved in planning the Westgate Mall attack . Al-Shabaab has been unraveling for years . Thursday 's attack should remind the world that the group is a pale shadow of the organization that once dominated much of Somalia but now is reduced to high profile attacks against undefended civilian targets .	Al-Shabaab 's attack on Garissa University College is the group 's deadliest so far in Kenya Authors : The group is under pressure from African Union forces and a covert U.S. war
Rome  CNN  -- The new pope gave an insight into his choice of the name Francis in an audience with journalists Saturday -- and said how he wished for a church that was both poor and "  for the poor . " His words came in his first meeting with the media since he became the only Jesuit and first Latin American to be chosen as leader of the Roman Catholic Church three days ago . Francis , who before he became pope was known as Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio , said a fellow cardinal from Brazil had told him "  do n't forget the poor " as the votes stacked up in his favor . This thought stuck in his mind , Francis said , as it became clear that he had won the two-thirds majority that meant he was the new pontiff . "  Right away , with regard to the poor , I thought of St. Francis of Assisi , then I thought of war , " he told the assembled journalists . "  Francis loved peace and that is how the name came to me . " He had also thought of St. Francis of Assisi 's concern for the natural environment , he said , and how he was a "  poor man , a simple man , as we would like a poor church , for the poor . " St. Francis of Assisi , who gave up his own wealth and prestige , is revered among Catholics for his work with the poor . The journalists included Vatican communications staff and several Latin American reporters , mostly from Argentina . Francis began by thanking them all for their efforts to share with the world the momentous events for the church in the days since Benedict announced his unexpected resignation . Pope Francis a pontiff of firsts Blessing for all He drew a parallel between the work of the media and that of the church , saying both worked to communicate "  truth , beauty and goodness . " The media also had an important role to play in explaining the way the church works , he said , which is made more complicated by the role played by faith rather than more worldly or political concerns . The new pope concluded the audience -- which did not include questions -- with a blessing for all the journalists present and their families . He acknowledged that not all those present were Catholic , saying he gave them his blessing "  knowing that you are of different religions , because all of you are children of God . " 5 things to know about the new pope As a cardinal in Buenos Aires , Francis developed close relations with Argentina 's Jewish community . He wrote to the chief rabbi in Rome this week , saying he strongly hoped to "  contribute to the progress of the relations that have existed between Jews and Catholics " since the Second Vatican Council in the 1960s , which redrew the church 's relations with the modern world , "  in a spirit of renewed collaboration . " On Sunday , Francis will celebrate Mass in Vatican City and for the first time deliver the Angelus , or noon blessing , from his papal apartment window to the crowds gathered below in St. Peter 's Square . The official Mass to inaugurate Francis as the bishop of Rome -- and leader of the world 's 1.2 billion Roman Catholics -- takes place Tuesday . Catholics : 5 ways for Francis to move forward Reforms to come ? Francis has already struck observers with his simple and humble style since being elected to the papacy -- and prompted speculation that he may bring in wider changes . The Vatican said Saturday that he 's decided that the heads of the various Vatican offices will keep their jobs for now , but he 's not making any definitive appointments . This , writes CNN Vatican analyst John Allen , who 's also a correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter , is the first clear signal that he may be serious about reform . "  It 's customary for new popes to swiftly reconfirm the department heads who lose their positions when the previous pontificate ends , and then take his time about bringing in his team , " said Allen . "  The fact that Francis has not followed that path may suggest that significant personnel moves will come sooner rather than later . " Francis wants "  a certain period for reflection , prayer and dialogue before -LSB- making -RSB- any definitive nomination or confirmation , " the Vatican statement said . Military dictatorship The pope 's media audience came only a day after the Vatican sought to damp down reports over his conduct during Argentina 's so-called Dirty War , amid accusations that he could have done more to protect two Jesuit priests who were kidnapped . The Vatican rejected the allegations as defamatory and untrue in a news conference Friday . "  This was never a concrete or credible accusation in his regard . He was questioned by an Argentinian court as someone aware of the situation but never as a defendant . He has , in documented form , denied any accusations , " said the Rev. Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman . "  Instead , there have been many declarations demonstrating how much Bergoglio did to protect many persons at the time of the military dictatorship , " he said . Francis will meet with his predecessor , Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI , in a week , the Vatican said Saturday . The March 23 meeting will take place at the papal summer residence , Castel Gandolfo , where Benedict has been staying since his historic resignation . It comes amid concern in some quarters that the presence of a living former pope might lead to a conflict of interests or influence . The Vatican has said that Benedict will not seek to interfere in the running of the church , but will focus on study and prayer . First Latin American pope ` very exciting , ' faithful say CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London .	NEW : Pope Francis will deliver his first Angelus blessing on Sunday Francis tells journalists he chose his name as pope to reflect a concern for the poor He will meet with Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI in a week , the Vatican says Since his election , he has faced questions over his past in Argentina
There is something mirage-like about Kazakhstan 's capital Astana . Little surrounds the city for 1,200 kilometers , save a handful of provincial towns dotted across the world 's largest steppe , a flat , empty expanse of grassland . Shooting up from this void is a mass of strangely futuristic structures . The newest of these is the Norman Foster-designed Khan Shatyr , a shopping mall that doubles as the world 's largest tent . Foster was also the architect behind the Palace of Peace and Reconciliation , a 60-meter-tall glass pyramid . There 's also the Central Concert Hall , which from above looks like a budding flower , a flying saucer-shaped circus , a presidential palace designed to replicate the White House , and Baiterek , a 100-meter-tall tower that has drawn comparisons to a giant lollipop . Yet just 15 years ago the city did n't really exist at all . In 1997 Kazakhstan 's President Nursultan Nazarbayev moved the capital from Almaty in the southeast of the country to the newly-named Astana  previously it was called Akmola  , which was then an empty patch of land by the Ishim River best known as a former gulag prison camp for the wives of Soviet traitors . Today the bulging , science fiction-like skyline has started to earn the country some international recognition . Neil Billett , a managing director and partner at Buro Happold , the engineering consultants that partnered with Foster 's firm on the Khan Shatyr and the Palace of Peace , lauds the local architects ' progressive thinking . "  They do quite like a challenge , and they do organize themselves to get on with it in a way that 's quite refreshing , " he says . "  These projects would have taxed the mind of many a high-end contractor , and in Kazakhstan , they have to address the same problems in a much harder climate . " Send in your photos from Kazakhstan The capital 's climate does make construction much more complicated . In the winter months temperatures can fall to minus 40 degrees Celsius  minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit  , making it the second coldest capital city in the world . In the summer , the mercury can reach up to 30 degrees Celsius  86 degrees Fahrenheit  . According to George Keliris , a structural engineer at Buro Happold , this temperature variance proved particularly challenging when constructing the Palace of Peace . "  We had to allow a system that relieved the stress and let the structure breathe , " he says . The solution they came up with was to lock down one corner of the pyramid , while placing the remaining corners on bridge bearings . Though common with bridges , such bearings are practically unheard of with entire buildings . "  Basically , it 's on roller skates , " says Keliris . "  Because of the climate ,  the structure  was bound to be futuristic . " From a distance , Astana 's architecture looks disparate , however a strong Kazakh theme runs through it all . Baiterek is meant to evoke the local legend of the "  Tree of Life " ; the story has a golden egg , and the building is topped with a golden orb . The shape of the Central Concert Hall was purposefully made to resemble a traditional Kazakh instrument , known as a dombra . Since it became the country 's capital , Astana 's population has more than doubled to 750,000 . Despite this urban growth the size of the new buildings can still seem excessively large . The Central Concert Hall is one of the largest in the world , and seats 3,500 spectators , while the Astana Arena seats 30,000 . However , according to Serik Rustambekov , a local architect , the reach of these projects matches the local way of thinking . "  You need to understand the Kazakh background to get a better picture of our world view . We 're a nomadic civilization that developed over thousands of years in the vast expanse of Eurasia . Free space is more impressive to the Kazakh mindset than the type of congestion found in many European centers . " Numerous architects from across the world have had a hand in shaping the new capital 's skyline , but the one man who has had the greatest impact in the city 's transformation is President Nazarbayev . Manfredi Nicoletti , whose Rome-based firm , Studio Nicoletti , designed the Central Concert Hall , confirms that Nazarbayev was very hands-on in the structure 's implementation . "  He used to joke that the building was right in front of his residence  the Presidential Palace  , and that the project 's construction site -- and us , of course -- were always under his control . " In many ways , Astana looks like a vanity project for Nazarbayev . At the top of Baiterek , which grew from a sketch Nazarbayev did himself , visitors can touch his gilded handprint , and each year , the city 's anniversary celebrations happen to coincide with his birthday . Nazarbayev 's advocates , however , argue that Astana is n't a symbol of his ego , so much as his ambition for the Kazakh nation . One of Nazarbayev 's strongest supporters has come in the unlikely form of Jonathan Aitken , a former British politician , who wrote a recently published biography of the president based on 23 hours of personal interview , and a retrospective of the country . "  While I 'm sure  Nazarbayev  does have a large ego , it 's more of an ' I love the country ' - centred ego , not an I-centred ego , " says Aitken . Aitken equates Nazarbeyev with the type of patrons that dominated 18th century Europe , in particular , Louis XIV . "  Just as Versailles and parts of Paris were all created by one man 's vision , so too was Astana , " he says . The city 's futuristic design shows Kazakhstan 's ambition and desire to distance itself from the Soviet legacy that has marred many of the surrounding Central Asian nations . "  Architecture always represents the development of the state , of technology and of culture , " notes Rustambekov . "  As Astana is positioning itself as the center of Eurasia , a place where East meets West , a mixture of styles is quite appropriate . "	Astana became capital of Kazakhstan in 1997 City is becoming known for striking modern architecture President of Kazakhstan has played large role in shaping the capital
Washington  CNN  -- The once-ubiquitous Humvee may become a rare sight in some parts of Afghanistan following a decision by the senior U.S. commander in eastern Afghanistan to restrict the use of the vehicles in the field . Maj. Gen. John Campbell , commander of Joint Task Force-101 , ordered this week that the use of Humvee vehicles outside a military base would have to specifically be approved by a colonel -- one of the most senior field grade positions in the military . Prior to this , the use of High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicles  HMMWV , or Humvee  had to be approved by a lower-ranking officer , according to Task Force spokesman Maj. Patrick Seiber . Seiber said the decision was not specifically in reaction to a number of deadly IED attacks on troops in recent weeks , but is part of trying to improve protection for the force . The Humvee is heavily armored , but its flat bottom and low-to-the-ground profile has made it particularly vulnerable to attacks using improvised explosive devices , or IEDs . In recent years , the military has fielded a new series of armored vehicles with V-shaped hulls to deflect the blast of roadside bombs , but even some of those have been destroyed in large-scale attacks . Campbell 's decision comes amid the release of figures showing that June has been the deadliest month of the war for the coalition across Afghanistan , with 101 coalition troops killed and about 400 U.S. troops wounded . Casualties due to IED attacks continue to skyrocket . The Pentagon reports that in May 2010 , the latest data available , the number of coalition forces -- including Afghans -- that were killed or wounded by IED attacks was 284 , more than double the 104 killed or wounded in the same month last year . The number of overall IED attacks reached 1,128 , compared to 513 in May 2009 . The Pentagon statistics on IEDs include Afghan troop casualties because those units are suffering very high attacks rates , according to the Pentagon .	Senior commander restricts use of Humvees in Afghanistan Now use of Humvees outside military base must be approved by a colonel Spokesman says decision is part of effort to improve protection for U.S. forces Humvees ' flat bottom , low profile make it vulnerable to IED attacks
See what new techniques and ingredients Richard Blais now uses in his cooking on his new upwave show "  Cook Your Ass Off , " premiering December 1 on HLN . HLNTV.com  -- "  Trying to get me to cry by looking at this ugly picture ? There are worse ones ... " That 's how Richard Blais reacts to a photo taken 10 years ago , when Blais was almost 60 pounds overweight -- and 60 pounds heavier than he is today . "  I just really lost control of myself because I was tasting food all day long and partaking in the social aspect of our industry , " Blais , 41 , tells HLN . The acclaimed chef -- "  Top Chef : All-Stars " winner , the owner of Trail Blais and operator of Atlanta-based restaurants The Spence and Flip Burger Boutique -- lost all that weight and kept it off , he says , by overhauling his lifestyle . WATCH : Richard Blais , in control Working in the restaurant industry makes it easy to overindulge , he says . Imagine working a 16 - to 17-hour day , tasting food all day long , cooking , talking about food , being on your feet all day but not getting any actual exercise , and just wanting a beer after a mentally draining shift . "  You get off work , it 's one in the morning , you go out , talk shop , and you end up eating a whole pizza or  drinking  a whole bottle of wine , " he says . "  You do that 60 or 70 days in a row , and I put myself in really bad shape . " In a matter of months , Blais ballooned to about 225 pounds . Love sparks a change of heart -- and mindset Blais says his "  Aha ! " moment came when he could no longer recognize himself in the mirror . "  I do n't know that I could see my toes if I looked down , " he says . But there was another factor motivating Blais to shed pounds . Her name was Jazmin . "  What kick-started my weight loss was a combination of a really joyous thing and some massive depression : I lost a restaurant , and I found the love of my life -- my wife . " Blais gives Jazmin a lot of credit for his transformation . A competition junkie and a former personal trainer , she was  and still is  supportive and understanding ; she kept him motivated on his weight-loss journey . They started running together , and today , the once-hefty chef has completed several half and full marathons . "  I had to get this pretty girl . I was this chubby guy , and I literally had to run after this girl , " Blais says . "  She 'd run two miles , I 'd be sucking wind behind her , but I eventually caught  up to  her and proposed to her at the end of my first race -- a 10K , the Peachtree Road Race . And we 're still together . " For Blais , exercise took priority ; healthier eating and , eventually , cooking came a little later . He "  stopped eating and drinking so much in a social setting , " which he says was easy for him . Eventually he started using healthy ingredients , such as raw oats , hemp seeds , goji berries , and cocoa nibs , which he now incorporates into his cooking at home and at his restaurants . HLN : ` Top Chef ' cooks up heart-healthy meals "  Chefs are notorious for disregarding eating healthy , " Blais says . "  When we hear things like gluten-free , we rebel against that . " Now he says he understands the value of being aware of and embracing people 's dietary needs . "  I feel like we have a public service as chefs in restaurants to provide people not only delicious food and a great experience , but also nutrition , " Blais says . "  When you can coax flavor out of healthy ingredients and not have to rely on some of the traditional ways of making food delicious , it makes the experience better because you walk out of that restaurant and you feel good about yourself . " The secret to tasty & nutritious dishes Blais says the secret to making food healthy and delicious is "  understanding base flavors " and "  knowing what the dish you 're trying to make healthier needs : Is it fat ? Is it salt ? Is it acidity ? " If you want to avoid using salt , Blais recommends adding spinach or celery , which have natural sodium in them . If you want the flavor of fat without the calories , go for mushrooms , he says . To make the patty for the Earth + Turf burger at Flip Burger Boutique , Blais mixes mushrooms in with the beef , for example . "  Those mushrooms actually give the burger a sense of fat , but there 's no fat in it . " When cooking at home , Blais tries to get his two daughters , ages 5 and 3 , involved in the kitchen as much as possible . "  Kids will eat anything that they make themselves , " he says . "  Just like if they made a picture for you , they 're proud to show that to you . When they 're in the kitchen , even if it 's just kind of fake-stirring something , they 'll eat it . That 's how you get your kids to eat brussels sprouts ! " HLN : Easy Final Four recipes from Richard Blais Brussels sprouts , spinach and mushroom burgers sound great in theory , but Blais says even the most strong-willed of us ca n't keep that up every day . "  I do n't stay away from eating bad food -- just balance . As a professional chef , I 'm watching how much I 'm tasting during the day . Portion control for me is a big deal , " he tells HLN . And , of course , you ca n't skip the gym , even after you 've achieved your weight loss goals . "  It 's so hard to lose weight or to be healthy if you 're not combining eating well with moving your body , " he says . "  I do n't think one can exist without the other . " Blais says a variety of exercises keeps him healthy today . Besides running , he has recently started swimming and is considering training for a triathlon . He says the key to sticking with exercise is finding something that does n't feel like work . "  When I 'm cooking , I do n't feel like I have a job -- I just cook because I love to do it . When I run , I just do it because I love to do it , " Blais says . "  So you 've got to find that fitness activity that you love so much that it does n't feel like you 're going out of your way to do a job . " HLN : Chef Richard Blais on Super Bowl snacks It took Blais almost a decade to get in shape  "  It 's got to be low and slow , like a good braised osso buco "  , but he finally feels good in his body . Most importantly , he now feels in control again . "  It 's OK to have a cheeseburger ; it 's OK to eat food , but it 's important to have a healthy relationship with the food you eat . " Do you have a weight-loss success story to share ? Tell us how you did it and you could be featured on CNN.com .	Richard Blais used to weigh 225 pounds ; now he 's at 165 Blais won "  Top Chef : All-Stars " and operates two restaurants in Atlanta Blais credits his weight loss to his wife , who is a former personal trainer
CNN  -- Another day , another FIFA farce . Football 's world governing body has already embarrassed itself on a number of occasions with its president , Sepp Blatter , also getting in on the act . Thursday 's debate between lead investigator Michael Garcia and FIFA judge Hans-Joachim Eckert over allegations of corruption during the FIFA World Cup bidding process is just the latest episode in a whole catalog of ignominy . Blatter , who has been in charge of FIFA since 1998 , is hoping to stand for a fifth term as president next year . The 78-year-old has presided over some of the organization 's most troubled times . Here are a few reminders . Racism solved with a handshake Yes , you read that right . In June 2011 , during an exclusive interview with CNN , Sepp Blatter said that any racism on the field of play could be solved with a handshake . When asked if racism on the pitch was a problem , the FIFA president said : " "  I would deny it . There is no racism . "  There is maybe one of the players towards another -- he has a word or a gesture which is not the correct one . "  But the one who is affected by that , he should say : ` This is a game . We are in a game , and at the end of the game , we shake hands . ' And this can happen , because we have worked so hard against racism and discrimination . " Blatter later said that his remarks had been misunderstood and released a statement clarifying his position . Let women wear ` tighter shorts ' Blatter caused a stir in January 2004 when he suggested female footballers should wear "  more feminine clothes . " "  Let the women play in more feminine clothes like they do in volleyball , " he said at the time . "  They could , for example , have tighter shorts . " Blatter added : "  Female players are pretty , if you excuse me for saying so , and they already have some different rules to men -- such as playing with a lighter ball . "  That decision was taken to create a more female aesthetic , so why not do it in fashion ? " No sex in Qatar When Qatar was awarded the 2022 World Cup , Blatter was asked about what gay football fans should do given that homosexuality is illegal in the Gulf state . Speaking in December 2010 , Blatter joked : "  I 'd say they  gay fans  should refrain from any sexual activities . " Blatter later apologized . "  It was not my intention and never will be my intention to go into any discrimination , " Blatter said . "  If somebody feels hurt , then I regret and present apologies . " She 's a looker Blatter was at it again in May 2013 at the 63rd FIFA congress held in Mauritius where the executive committee elected three women . With the world waiting to hail FIFA 's progress , the president took center stage . He declared : "  We now have three ladies on the board . Say something , ladies ! You are always speaking at home , say something now ! " Oh and before that , he had told everyone that one of the candidates , Australia 's Moya Dodd was "  good and good-looking . " Affairs are OK ? In 2010 , Blatter turned agony uncle to England 's Wayne Bridge following revelations that his Chelsea teammate , John Terry , had been having an affair with his girlfriend Vanessa Perroncel . The English Football Association  FA  stripped Terry of the England captaincy and Bridge 's relationship with the French model fell apart in front of the watching world . Fortunately , Bridge had Blatter to turn to for some advice . "  Listen , this is a special approach in the Anglo-Saxon countries , " he said . "  If this had happened in let 's say Latin countries then I think he  Terry  would have been applauded . " Big screen Blatter Nothing massages the ego more than having your own film -- hence the production of "  United Passions , " a movie telling the story of how FIFA came into existence . FIFA coughed up a reported $ 8 million to help fund the film starring Tim Roth as Blatter , French actor Gerard Depardieu as World Cup creator Jules Rimet and Sam Neill as Joao Havelange , the disgraced former FIFA president . The flick , which reportedly cost $ 27 million to make , failed to attract many viewers to its premiere in Switzerland earlier this year -- a reported 120 people bought tickets . Sepp the stand-up comedian In October 2013 , Blatter caused much mirth during a question and answer session at Oxford University . The Swiss was asked which player he preferred out of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo . One might have expected a straight answer -- but not this time . After saying that Ronaldo was like a "  commander on the field of play , " Blatter got up from his chair and began to do a comic walk across the stage in a bizarre interpretation of the Real Madrid star 's movement . It went down like a lead balloon -- especially with the Portuguese star who posted a sarcastic response on his Facebook page . The two made peace in the end with Blatter tweeting an apology . Read more : FIFA embroiled in civil war Read more : FBI moves ahead with FIFA corruption probe	FIFA has cleared Russia and Qatar over allegations of wrongdoing Lead investigator Michael Garcia to appeal against 42-page summary FIFA president Sepp Blatter has history of gaffes World football 's governing body under fire once again
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Thursday announced a new initiative led by the top executives of major U.S. corporations that seeks to improve education in science , technology , engineering and math . The nonprofit initiative , called Change the Equation , involves 100 chief executive officers and has $ 5 million in funding for its first year of operation , according to information provided by the White House . "  These are actually the kinds of things that 10 years from now , 20 years from now , we 're going to look back and say it really made a difference , " Obama said . The initiative was founded by former astronaut Sally Ride , former Intel Chairman Craig Barrett , Xerox CEO Ursula Burns , Time Warner Cable CEO Glenn Britt , and Eastman Kodak CEO Antonio Perez , with support from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Carnegie Corporation of New York , according to the White House statement . Ride told CNN on Thursday that American students need new inspiration to learn the so-called STEM subjects -- science , technology , engineering and math -- to compete in the global workforce and help restore the United States as a leader in innovative research and development . "  For the last 20 to 25 years , our society really has n't put a focus on the importance of math and science education . We 're starting to pay the price , " Ride said , noting that the United States has slipped in global rankings of math and science literacy among students . The goals of Change the Equation are to improve teaching in STEM subjects , inspire student learning in those subjects and achieve a national commitment to improve education in them , according to the White House . Obama said achieving them is vital for the nation 's future economic success and vitality . "  The cost of inaction is immeasurable , " Obama said , citing the lost participation of children who never get encouraged or exposed to education in STEM subjects . Some programs under the initiative would expand summer science camps for girls , allow more students to take part in robotics competitions , increase teacher training , and help students take advanced placement courses in math and science , the White House statement said . Obama also announced new public-private partnerships promoting better STEM education , including a robotics competition for students . Ride said business leaders were motivated to create the new initiative because "  they realize their future depends on it , " noting that "  80 percent of jobs of the next decade are going to require some background , some basic skills in math and science . " "  We do need inspiration for the kids growing up today , " Ride said . "  The space program did it for my generation . Maybe it will do it for the next generation . " Another goal is to "  humanize " the subjects of science , math and engineering , Ride said , so that kids "  do n't think all scientists are old dead guys . "	The Change the Equation initiative involves 100 CEOs It focuses on education in science , technology , engineering and math Better math and science education now is vital for future success , Obama says
CNN  -- Cue the screams : One of the hardest-working couples in show business is headed on tour . On Monday , Jay Z and Beyonce announced a joint summer trek that will take them to 16 cities throughout North America , starting in June . The married couple first stirred anticipation that they 'd tour together in early April , but the buzz was initially dampened by Jay Z revealing that his 2014 "  Made in America " music festival will play in both Los Angeles and Philadelphia . It seems the pair just wanted an element of surprise . Their announcement of the "  On the Run " tour arrived complete with an image of the two wearing ski masks . Even before they quietly tied the knot in 2008 , Mr. and Mrs. Carter have dominated the music industry both as solo artists and as a couple . One of their recent collaborations , "  Drunk In Love , " was controversial but nonetheless landed at No. 1 . And with their "  On the Run " tour , the duo are hoping to use their combined star power for good . A dollar from each "  On the Run " ticket sold will go toward the Shawn Carter Foundation , an organization that helps underserved groups go to college . The tour is also being presented in partnership with Beyonce 's #BeyGOOD campaign , which seeks to inspire charitable work , kindness and community involvement . Tickets go on sale for the general public May 2 , while anxious fans can visit Beyonce 's or Jay Z 's Facebook page for information on advance purchases . The tour will launch in Miami on June 25 and wind down in San Francisco on August 5 .	Jay Z and Beyonce have announced a joint summer tour Anticipation for the tour was stirred earlier this month "  On the Run " will kick off in Miami in June The couple will visit 16 cities before concluding the tour in August
CNN  -- A Pakistani doctor accused of helping the United States find Osama bin Laden has been charged with murder over a surgery that authorities claim he was not authorized to perform , authorities said Friday . Dr. Shakil Afridi , who is in prison awaiting a new trial in connection with the killing of bin Laden , has been accused of performing an appendectomy in 2006 on a boy who died from complications , according to a criminal complaint in Pakistan filed by the boy 's mother . The murder charge against Afridi comes just months after a Pakistani judicial commissioner overturned his conviction for his role in the bin Laden killing , which included , among other things , running a fake vaccination trial . He had been sentenced in 2012 to 33 years in prison . Afridi has remained in prison while he awaits a new trial on the charges related to the bin Laden killing . The mother of the boy , Naseeb Gulla , has accused the doctor of performing the wrong surgery , according to the complaint filed in Khyber Agency , one of the eight tribal areas of Pakistan . A December 12 trial date has been set on the charge , according to authorities . The U.S. State Department expressed concern over the new charge brought against Afridi . "  Dr. Afridi 's assistance in confirming the location of bin Laden was a service to the entire world and indeed to Pakistanis who had lost loved ones and suffered at the hands of Al Qaeda , " State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki said . "  We call on the proper authorities to ensure that Dr. Afridi receives a fair trial for this new charge . " Pakistani authorities have accused Afridi of working with the CIA to set up a fake vaccination campaign in Abbottabad to try to verify bin Laden 's whereabouts . U.S. special forces killed the al Qaeda leader at an Abbottabad compound in May 2011 . The vaccination effort , according to allegations in a report filed with a Pakistani appeals court , was meant to collect bin Laden 's DNA so the CIA could compare it with samples of bin Laden family DNA that it already had , but no one at his Abbottabad compound agreed to be vaccinated . The report alleged that Afridi admitted receiving $ 75,800 from handlers for the vaccination effort . In 2012 , senior U.S. officials told CNN that Afridi worked with the United States prior to the bin Laden raid , but was never asked to spy on Pakistan and was asked only to help locate al Qaeda terrorists posing a threat to both Pakistan and the United States . After Afridi 's imprisonment , then-U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and then-U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta called for his release . Clinton said Afridi "  was instrumental in taking down one of the world 's most notorious murderers . " Journalist Zahir Shah Sherazi in Peshawar contributed to this report .	Dr. Shakil Afridi has been charged with murder in connection with a 2006 surgery Pakistan has accused Afridi of working with the CIA to verify Osama bin Laden 's whereabouts U.S. special forces killed the al Qaeda leader an an Abbottabad compound in May 2011 The State Department is calling on Pakistan to ensure Afridi receives a fair trial
CNN  -- Three suspected terrorists arrested last week in what Spanish officials call one of their largest operations against al Qaeda appear to have been interested in targeting a Gibraltar shopping mall . Spanish security services suspect their plan may have been to attack the British territory on the southernmost tip of Spain from the air . While their planned date of attack is still not clear , any attack on British soil during the Olympic Games would have generated intense global publicity . A paragliding instructor told police Saturday that Cengiz Yalcin , the alleged cell 's Turkish facilitator , requested to be able to take pictures of a Gibraltar shopping mall "  at all cost , " said Fernando Reinares , a senior international terrorism analyst who was briefed by Spanish security services on the investigation . Yalcin , who worked as an engineer at a contruction company on Gibraltar , was arrested in La LÃnea de la ConcepciÃ ³ n , a town bordering Gibraltar . He had lived in Spain with his Moroccan wife for several years . Explosives were found in his residence , as well as videos and photos suggesting the possibility of attack preparations , Reinares said . Spanish security suspect the cell was testing a remote-controlled plane as a potential bomber . Spanish investigators found a video in which Yalcin was flying a remote-controlled airplane , according to Reinares . The footage showed the plane , which was about three meters long . being maneuvered into a descent . Two packets were then seen dropping from either wing of the plane following his command . "  In the images he ca n't help expressing his joy for the successful try , " Reinares told CNN . "  Terrorist innovate and adapt to security measures , we have to always keep this in mind , " he added . It is not the first time that terrorists have sought to use remote controlled aircraft in terrorist plots . In July Rezwan Ferdaus , a Massachusetts resident inspired by al Qaeda 's ideology , pleaded guilty to a September 2011 plot to fly a remote-controlled plane into the Pentagon and U.S. capitol with high explosive . Two Chechen-Russians -- Eldar Magomedov  also known as Ahmad Avar  and Muhammad Adamov -- whom Spanish security services suspect had been tasked with carrying out an attack , were arrested on a bus travelling towards France . Investigating Judge Judge Pablo Ruz ruled Sunday there was sufficient evidence to unconditionally detain both men . They were charged with membership in a terrorist group and possession or storage of explosives . Yalcin stands accused of possession of explosives substances . According to a statement released Sunday from Ruz , the Chechens hid their true identity after they were arrested , but Spanish authorities were able to establish their real names after help from Russian authorities . The judge noted that U.S. authorities and Gibraltar law enforcement also assisted the Spanish investigation . The arrests were announced Thursday . Experts say the men appear to have constituted one of the most skilled and experienced terror cells seen in recent times , and appear to have been dispatched by al Qaeda to carry out an ambitious attack in Europe . Magomedov , the suspected leader , was a former member of Spetsnaz , the Russian special forces , according to Spain 's Interior Ministry . He had training as a sniper and was an expert in poisons , the ministry said . Reinares , of Madrid 's Elcano Royal Institute , said that according to information passed to Spain by several Western intelligence agencies , Megomedov joined training camps in Afghanistan and Pakistan , including camps run by Pakistani militant group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , after leaving the Russian special forces outfits . According to this intelligence , between 2008 and 2011 Megomedov operated in the southwestern Russian republic of Dagestan and the Pakistani tribal districts of North and South Waziristan , transiting between them , Reinares told CNN . Adamov , the other Chechen , had received explosives training in Afghanistan , where he become an expert in managing explosives and may have participated in a recent bomb attack in Moscow , according to Spanish authorities . According to Reinares , the French described the Chechens to their Spanish counterparts as "  really dangerous . " He said British intelligence services were also involved in tracking the suspected terrorist cell . Also found in Yalcin 's home was equipment for three motorized paragliding machines . Yalcin told a Spanish investigating judge Friday that he was an enthusiast of motorized paragliding and wished to teach his two Chechen associates how to fly them . Reinares said Spanish security services have established that both Chechens received motor-paragliding lessons near La Linea and may have had some instruction before arriving in Spain . A paragliding hand book in Russian was found in their possession , Reinares said . Yalcin , the Turkish suspect , was ordered detained immediately after his arrest . Because information obtained by intelligence agencies is generally not admissable in Spanish courts , Spanish police and security services had scramble in the past few days to provide sufficient evidence to bring a case , according to Reinares . French security services tipped off their Spanish counterparts about the probable arrival of the two Chechen suspected terrorists in May , according to Reinares . The French had been tracking the duo and monitoring their phone calls . At one point , they intercepted a phone call in which the Chechens described Spain as a "  more easy country to get explosives , " Reinares said . Investigators moved to arrest all three men after the two Chechens appeared to be heading back to France by bus , concerned that France may be their target . One of them violently resisted arrest , the Spanish Interior Ministry reported . But police were frustrated by a judge 's refusal to grant an immediate search warrant for Yalcin 's apartment after his arrest , according to Reinares . Investigators feared that may have given the cell time to dispose of additional explosives , he said . It took eight to nine hours for the search warrant to be granted . Police then drove with Yalcin and an official of the Spanish judiciary to his residence . According to the subsequent judicial report , his wife greeted him by saying "  do not worry , honey , I cleaned it all . " The agents wrote they noticed a "  very strong smell of bleach when moving into the place , " the report said . Reinares said French security services had asked their Spanish counterparts not to share intelligence on the suspected cell with the Spanish judiciary , fearing that open exposure of such information in court -- as required by Spanish law -- could blow the whole operation . Dog teams used in the search suggested that more explosives had been present than police found , according to Reinares . Spanish security services believe another target of the alleged terrorist cell may have been a joint U.S.-Spanish naval base in Rota , Spain , near where they were based , and have not ruled out other possible targets in Europe . "  The case definetely stresses , once again , how critical cooperation between Western nations is to successfully prevent and combat international terrorism , " Reinares told CNN . Journalist Javier Ruiz Perez contributed to this report for CNN from Madrid .	Analyst says a suspect wanted to photograph a Gibraltar mall from the air Experts say the men are among the most skilled suspects in recent years Paragliding equipment and explosives were found in one suspect 's home Spanish , French and British intelligence agencies were involved in the case
Entertainment Weekly  -- "  Whip It ! " suggests what might have happened if Juno had gone to a high school as poky as Napoleon Dynamite 's and decided that although her mother wanted her to be a beauty queen like Little Miss Sunshine , she 'd rather just strap on roller skates . Ellen Page plays roller derby competitor Babe Ruthless in "  Whip It ! " Only here the petite , droll , feisty , Ellen Page-like heroine played by Ellen Page is named Bliss . And her idea of sass while chatting up a cute rocker  Landon Pigg  in this desexualized , slow-speed grrrl-power sports fantasy is "  I 'm Bliss , but I could change that . " Bliss does change her name , at least at the Roller Derby rink . She sneaks away from her square parents  Marcia Gay Harden as the U.S. Postal Service 's least likely mail carrier and Daniel Stern as a nice schlub who likes beer  to roll with a sisterly Austin team who call themselves the Hurl Scouts . There , she dubs herself Babe Ruthless , making up in speed what she lacks in muscled aggression . She 's heck on wheels , or so we are asked to believe : The rink footage is pretty un-whippy . Even Juliette Lewis , playing the film 's designated bad girl and Bliss/Babe 's nemesis on the rink , is more of a cute bee-yotch than a real threat . The movie is Drew Barrymore 's directorial debut  she also plays fellow Hurl Scout Smashley Simpson  , and it 's clear she 's more attuned to grrrlishness than real athletic power : Smashley is the first to scream " Food fight ! " and the 34-year-old actress leads the charge in kidlike mayhem . EW Grade : C + CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Whip It ! " marks Drew Barrymore 's directorial debut Ellen Page plays woman who signs up for roller derby Film leans towards softness , which hurts impact of roller derby
New York  CNN  -- The new Navy assault ship USS New York steamed into New York harbor Monday , cutting through the water with a bow built using seven and a half tons of steel recovered from the wreckage of the World Trade Center . Its crew stood at attention and a 21-gun salute greeted the ship . Firefighters , bagpipers , and those who lost loved ones on 9/11 lined the shore to watch the emotional arrival . The docking holds special meaning for many families of those who died in the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . "  What better way for our young men and women that are going to be on the USS New York to feel the spirit of our country than to have this ship have the steel in the bow that represents not the bad but the good of our country , " said Lee Ielpi , who lost his firefighter son , Jonathan , on 9/11 . The memory of the attacks is etched on the crest of the ship , which features a phoenix rising from the twin towers with the words , "  Never Forget . " Watch USS New York sail up the Hudson The ship weighs more than 25,000 tons and is as long as two football fields . Thirteen percent of the 361 crew members hail from the state of New York . Former New York Gov. George Pataki received special dispensation to name the $ 1 billion ship USS New York ; only submarines normally can be named after states . Can you see the USS New York ? Send your photos or videos It is the first ship assignment for Ensign Timothy Gorman , who said , "  Of any ship in the Navy , this is one ship that you can be proud of commissioning , to remember on a daily basis why we are here and why the ship is so special . The steel in the bow , we are very mindful that we are representing victims of 9/11 and the families and the people that died that day . " Howard Lutnick takes great pride in the new ship . He is CEO of the financial services firm Cantor Fitzgerald , whose offices were in the World Trade Center . The ship , he said , is a memorial to his brother and 658 of his employees who died on that day more than eight years ago . Lutnick said he lives with the loss every day . Watch how steel from World Trade Center became the ship 's bow "  I really like the idea of people going out and avenging what happened to us and protecting us so that it should never happen again , because the pain that we went through , we want no one , no other family to have to go through it , " Lutnick said . The ship also will be used to ferry disaster relief when needed . The USS New York will remain docked in the city through Veterans Day before heading back to its base in Norfolk , Virginia , for a year of crew training and exercises .	USS New York greeted by 21-gun salute , emotional spectators , as it arrives in New York Ship 's bow includes tons of steel from World Trade Center Ship to remain in New York until Veterans Day ; it will be based in Norfolk , Virginia
CNN  -- Three-time defending champion Rafael Nadal made light work of his heavy schedule and a recurring foot problem to reach the last 16 of the French Open on Friday . Rafael Nadal inspects his blistered foot during his third-round victory against Jarko Nieminen . The world No. 2 crushed Finnish 26th seed Jarkko Nieminen 6-1 6-3 6-1 in his fourth successive day of action on the Paris clay , following frustration this week with bad weather . He will play fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco after his 7-6 5-7 7-6 6-1 win over 15th seed Mikhail Youzhny of Russia . Third seed Novak Djokovic was also untroubled in a later third round match to see off Wayne Odesnik of the United States 7-5 6-4 6-2 . Nadal will be hoping for some time to let his blistered foot recover , needing treatment during the match against Nieminen for a problem that saw him beaten in the second round of the Rome Masters earlier in the claycourt season . He is bidding to become the second man after the legendary Bjorn Borg to win four successive titles at Roland Garros , but has already vented his anger at the ATP Tour for scheduling four top-level clay events in as many weeks . Watch Nadal talk about his tournament hopes " Nadal showed little signs of tiredness as he cruised past Nieminen in less than two hours to extend his winning record at the tournament to 24 matches . His opening victory against Brazil 's Thomaz Bellucci took two days due to torrential rain , then on Thursday he saw off another qualifier in straight sets when he beat Frenchman Nicolas Devilder . In other third round action on Friday , Spain 's Nicolas Almagro again showed his clay court pedigree with a 6-3 6-7 6-3 7-5 win over Britain 's 10th seed Andy Murray . Almagro , who has won two titles on clay this season , was made to work hard by Murray , but recovered from a 3-1 deficit in the third set to win seven games in row and take command . He will now play 145th-ranked Frenchman Jeremy Chardy who ended the run of 30th seed Dmitry Tursunov of Russia in straight sets . Latvia 's Ernests Gulbis continued his fine run as he defeated Nicolas Lapentti of Ecuador 6-3 7-5 6-2 to set up a clash with home hope Michael Llodra who beat Italy 's Simone Bolelli in straight sets . In second-round action , France 's Florent Serra completed a hard-fought 6-4 6-3 6-7 7-6 win over Victor Hanescu of Romania and will next face American Bobby Ginepri .	Three-time defending champion Rafael Nadal into last 16 of the French Open Spanish world No. 2 crushes Finnish 26th seed Jarkko Nieminen 6-1 6-3 6-1 Second seed next faces Fernando Verdasco who beat Mikhail Youzhny Third seed Novak Djokovic later joins Nadal in the fourth round at Roland Garros Nicolas Almagro of Spain puts out 10th seed Andy Murray of Britain
Paris , France  CNN  -- Some of the Roma deported from France said Friday they plan to return as soon as possible . They flew Thursday to Romania on a French flight , the first of several scheduled to take Roma out of France in the coming days . The French government says the deportations are part of a crackdown on illegal immigration . They follow the government 's dismantling in the past three weeks of 51 Roma camps that it called illegal . Roma in Europe : Persecuted and misunderstood "  Over there , they were giving us food , money ... salary . Life is much better out there -- happier , " Mariana Serban , a mother of four , told Romania 's Realitatea TV . She told the reporter she did not work in France , and smiled when the reporter pointed out France would not give them any more money . "  That 's what they say now , but they will give us money again , " Serban said . Serban 's oldest son , Alexandru , 12 , spoke in French as he told the TV station , "  It 's much better in France . I 'm here now for a visit , and I will leave again . I 'm staying here for two days only . " The Thursday flight carried 79 Roma out of the country , French officials said . Friday 's flight , due to land in the Romanian city of Timisoara in the afternoon , had 132 Roma aboard , according to the office of Valentin Mocanu , Romania 's secretary of state for Roma integration . French officials earlier said the third flight would happen Saturday , but the Romanian Foreign Ministry said it would take place August 26 and carry 159 Roma . The ministry said there will also be two flights next month , carrying 27 Roma from France to Romania . France offered 300 euros  $ 384  to each Roma adult and 100 euros  $ 128  to each Roma child who accepted the offer for a "  voluntary return . " The comments by the returning Roma may dash any French hopes that they will resume their former lives in Romania . "  They will go and meet their parents and other relatives , and after that they will return to France , I 'm telling you , " Adrian Edu , an expert on Roma issues with the Bucharest City Hall , told PRO TV . Roma are a group of people who live mainly in southern and eastern Europe , often in poverty . Commonly referred to as Gypsies , they tend to live in camps , caravans , or informal settlements and have been the target of persecution throughout history . Romanian President Traian Basescu said in a statement Thursday that his country would try to find a solution to the French situation . "  We understand the problems Roma camps create around French cities , and we will work with France to find suitable solutions , " he said . Roma from Romania and Bulgaria are allowed free passage into France if they are European Union citizens . After that , however , they must find work , start studies , or find some other way of becoming established in France or risk deportation . The French government said those Roma being deported this week have overstayed the three-month limit . Two Romanian secretaries of state plan to be in Paris on August 30 to discuss the integration of Roma populations , the French Foreign Ministry said . It said Paris favors the social integration of the Roma in Romania . Mocanu 's office said local authorities try to integrate the returning Roma into the workforce , offering jobs to those who come back . Roma are not obligated to accept the job offers , however , and most of the time they do n't , resulting in their return to the country from where they came , the office said . CNN 's Sarah Goddard in Paris , France , and Journalist Cosmin Stan in Bucharest , Romania , contributed to this report .	Roma deported to Romania say they will return to France 132 Roma are on Friday 's flight , Romanian officials say France offered $ 384 to each Roma adult who got on the flight France put 79 Roma on a charter flight out of the country Thursday
Who knew bigotry could bring in big dollars ? Hey Donald Sterling , we know you refused to rent your apartments to blacks and Hispanics , but can you spare some change to help us fight for civil rights ? That 's essentially what transpired in Los Angeles between Sterling and the local chapter of the NAACP . Surely the organization knew Sterling was the subject of a Justice Department investigation into discriminatory housing practices . And surely it knew Sterling agreed to pay one of the biggest fines of its kind in history . It was n't enough for the Los Angeles NAACP to shun Sterling . On the contrary , the NAACP awarded Sterling a lifetime achievement award . That was in 2009 , just before the Donald T. Sterling organization gave the NAACP $ 5,000 . "  The NAACP airbrushed this away and simply said that Sterling has been a gem in giving oodles of tickets away to needy inner city kids and ladling out some cash to charities and sports camps for them , " wrote Earl Ofari Hutchinson on Thehutchinsonreportnews.com . He 's a sociologist who has written nine books on African-American politics , following the 2009 award . But , that was then . Except it 's not . The local chapter of the NAACP was about to grant Sterling another lifetime achievement award until that pesky racist rant became public in the past few days . The rant where he berates his biracial girlfriend for posting an Instagram of herself with Magic Johnson , now a part owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers . "  In your lousy f -- g Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " he says . Now the group is returning Sterling 's money . He also wo n't be gracing the stage alongside another of their winners , "  Person of the Year , " the Rev. Al Sharpton . Today Sharpton asked the NBA to meet with civil rights organizations , including the national NAACP , about his former co-honoree . As for whether the LA chapter will do business again with Sterling ? President Leon Jenkins says yes . "  At some point when there has been proof , I think that would be a legitimate time for the NAACP to sit down with Sterling and try to work out how and why he did what he did and what is he going to do in the future . God teaches us to forgive . And the way I look at it , after a sustained period of just proof to the African-American community that those words do n't really reflect his heart , I think there 's room for forgiveness . " Jenkins ' remarks struck a nerve . "  That dude needs to be fired . " CNN contributor and ESPN Senior Writer LZ Granderson , a guest on my show , did not stop there . "  He sounds like a fool . I 'm just going to come to you straight up . To even suggest that somehow a sit-down with Donald Sterling now , when if anyone should have known about his racist past ,  it  should have been a local chapter of the NAACP . First lawsuit was 2003 . To pretend they 'll sit down with him now and see if that 's really in his heart when he 's been sued by the Department of Justice , that man needs to resign or be fired . " Before you jump on Granderson 's bandwagon , it 's worth noting that at least Jenkins returned Sterling 's donation . Consider what 's happening with the other contributions from the Donald T. Sterling Charitable Foundation of Beverly Hills . He donated $ 50,000 each to the LA Black Business Association and the United Negro College Fund . Anthony Owens , from UNCF , said the organization did not plan to return the money , which has already been passed along in the form of student scholarships . He also gave $ 30,000 to the Simon Wiesenthal Center 's Museum of Tolerance in Los Angeles , which teaches about the Holocaust and seeks to enlighten visitors about all forms of discrimination . Keep in mind that on that now infamous tape , Sterling is also alleged to have said , "  There are white Jews and black Jews . " He then goes on to infer black Jews are "  less than " white Jews . Still , the Simon Wiesenthal Center will not be giving back that $ 30,000 . "  The funds were used to combat racism and teach tolerance . We are n't going to return money of his that was used to do the very opposite of what he said on that tape . " said Rabbi Marvin Hier , founder and dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center Museum of Tolerance . He said his organization did n't know about the housing discrimination allegations when it received the money . He said his staff is not large enough to do that kind of research .  A Google search would have done the trick  . Oh , there 's more . It seems Donald Sterling was a giving machine , despite his remarks showing disdain for African-Americans and black Jews . In an article in the Beverly Hills Times , his foundation boasts of giving $ 5 million in grants and scholarship money at a fancy party at Spago . That 's twice the fine he is to pay the NBA . Thirty charities and eight high schools got checks at his gala after hearing a benediction from Rabbi David Baron and songs from Debbie Boone , of "  You Light Up My Life " fame . Recipients included a smorgasbord of diverse organizations like 100 Black men , Nuevo Amanecer , Para Los Ninos , the Special Olympics , Yeshiva Gedolah and Junior Blind of America . Tuesday those organizations told CNN they were asking themselves what his intentions were , but none had resolved the issue of whether to return the money .  An organization not involved in that event , UCLA said in a statement Tuesday that it was rejecting a $ 3 million pledge from Sterling . Para Los Ninos , which works to get a better education for impoverished children , said it did n't want his money any more . "  We have asked them to take our pictures off their full-page ad . We will not be accepting their money , or any more money going forward from the Donald T. Sterling Foundation , " said Celeste Anlauf , director of major gifts and communications . "  We were among a number of organizations that got money from him and up until this moment we had not had an organizational conversation about his ethics . We knew there were some questions but we had every hope that he had the best of intentions . " Perhaps Sterling did have "  the best of intentions . " But , "  hoping " does n't cut it . I certainly understand how difficult it is to raise money , but is selling your soul worth it ? Apparently the NAACP thinks so . Derek Turner , the spokesperson for the national NAACP , notes that Strom Thurmond , the onetime pro-segregationist senator , was a member of the NAACP . "  I 'm sure they try to buy favor by supporting the NAACP . Strom Thurmond was a member of the NAACP . We certainly did n't go easy on Strom Thurmond and any of the politicians who support us . " But in the Sterling case -- it did . CNN Political Analyst and HuffPost Live Host Marc Lamont Hill put it best : "  You know what it is ? We like sexy forms of racism . Someone is on the phone talking to their girlfriend about not letting black people at the game . Denying black people housing is far more damaging than the phone call he made . " I could not agree more .	Carol Costello : Donald Sterling made charitable gifts to civil rights groups She says he had history of housing discrimination , but organizations took his money Some say they will keep the money while local NAACP says it will return it , she says Costello : Is it a betrayal for these groups to take his money ?
CNN  -- Former first lady Betty Ford was laid to rest Thursday in Grand Rapids , Michigan , alongside her late husband , capping a day of remembrance and reflection . Bagpipers played "  Amazing Grace " as her casket was carried to the burial site on the grounds of the presidential museum named for her husband . A handful of family members walked behind the casket . The burial service itself was private . Earlier in the day , Ford 's friends and family gathered at Grace Episcopal Church for the former first lady 's final farewell . Packed in among the pews were former President Bill Clinton , former first lady Barbara Bush and former vice president Dick Cheney . Lynne Cheney , whose husband was former President Gerald Ford 's chief of staff in the White House and years later became vice president , spoke at the service , which wrapped up shortly after 3:30 p.m. ET . She said that during the last few years of Ford 's life , the former first lady largely kept out of the public view . Still , "  she remained among the most-admired women in the world , " said Cheney . "  Just the mention of her name brings good and hopeful things to mind . " One of Ford 's sons , Steve , also spoke at the service . He praised her ability to love and said that she helped him cope -- as she had helped so many people -- when he was struggling with alcoholism years ago . "  Thank you , Mom , for loving us , loving your husband , loving us kids , loving the nation with the heart of God . We miss you . God bless you , " he said . The casket containing Ford 's remains arrived in Grand Rapids on Wednesday . A welcome ceremony was held shortly after the arrival , followed by a private prayer service at the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library and Museum . A public viewing of the casket was held in Grand Rapids Thursday morning . Ford died Friday at the age of 93 . A memorial service on Tuesday was held near where she set up a renowned alcohol and drug abuse treatment facility , the Betty Ford Center , in Rancho Mirage , California . Among those who attended that ceremony were former President George W. Bush , who escorted former first lady Nancy Reagan to a pew , current first lady Michelle Obama and former first lady Hillary Clinton . Former first lady Rosalynn Carter , who was a close friend of Ford 's , described Ford as honest and fearless . "  She was a tireless advocate for those struggling , " Carter said in her eulogy . "  She was never afraid to speak the truth . " In remarks to reporters Monday , Clinton spoke of Ford 's bold commitment to highlighting issues such as alcoholism and breast cancer . "  I remember well when my mother 's best friend was dying of breast cancer ; nobody talked about it in those days , " she said . "  But Betty Ford made it acceptable " to discuss those issues in public . Ford 's husband , who was the 38th president of the United States , died in 2006 . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Joe Sutton contributed to this story .	"  We miss you . God bless you , " her son says at an earlier service An ex-president and former vice president are among the attendees Thursday 's service is the second of two services this week
Three Americans are fighting alongside Kurdish forces against the Islamic State terror group in northern Syria , a spokesman for the Kurdish group told CNN on Thursday . One of the Americans was identified by the Kurdish People 's Protection Units , also known as the YPG , as Jordan Matson of Wisconsin . Matson is fighting in Haska province near the town of Jazaa , close to the Iraqi border , YPG spokesman Redur Xelil said by telephone . Intense fighting between ISIS and YPG has been reported in the region in recent weeks . Xelil declined to provide further details about Matson and the other two Americans , and he did not say if they were fighting in the same area . A photo has been posted by a Kurdish news agency purporting to show Matson , and the picture of the man appears to resemble Facebook photos of a man identifying himself as Matson . Twitter posts , purporting to have taken messages from Matson 's Facebook page , say he left for Syria in September and that he suffered a minor wound while fighting ISIS . The Facebook page says he attended Case High School in Racine . CNN can not confirm the validity of the posts , but the report of his injury was confirmed by Xelil , who said Matson was injured a few days ago and was fine . A person claiming to be a friend of Matson 's told Reuters that Matson told people he was being hired by a private army to fight ISIS . "  He sent me a personal Facebook message on the 16th of September saying ` Hey boss , I 'm heading to Syria , ' " Miguel Caron told the news agency . Matson was previously in the U.S. military , Caron said . Caron did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . The U.S. military confirmed a man by the name of Jordan Matson enlisted in the Army in Sturtevant , Wisconsin , and served from May 2006 to November 2007 . "  We 're certainly aware of these reports , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters during a briefing on Thursday . "  Because of privacy concerns we ca n't speak to it further . " Psaki said she was not aware of a specific law barring Americans from going abroad to join military organizations that have not been designated a foreign-terror organization .	Official : Jordan Matson is one of three Americans fighting with Kurdish force in Syria Matson is fighting near the town of Jazaa in northeastern Syria , the official says He was wounded in fighting , but is fine , says the YPG spokesman The U.S. State Department says it is aware of the reports
Former rap star Flavor Flav was arrested Wednesday in Las Vegas , Nevada , and charged with assault with a deadly weapon and battery in a case involving his fiancee of eight years , police said . Police were called to their house on the city 's south side at 3:30 a.m. , according to a domestic battery report issued by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department , which offers the following account of events : Flav , whose real name is William J. Drayton , 53 , was arguing with the woman , Elizabeth Trujillo , 39 . The two had gotten into a "  verbal altercation due to Drayton cheating on Trujillo , " it said . The argument continued in the downstairs bedroom , where "  Drayton became physical . " "  Trujillo stated Drayton grabbed her by the shoulders , stomach and arms , and threw her to the ground two separate times , " it continued , adding that Trujillo said an earring was ripped out of her ear during the incident . At that point , Trujillo 's 17-year-old son , Gibran , began wrestling with Drayton in the living room of the four-bedroom , 2-1/2 - bath house , Trujillo told police . Drayton -- who is 5 feet , 6 inches tall and weighs 131 pounds -- grabbed two knives from the kitchen and chased his fiancee 's son -- who is 6 feet , 175 pounds -- "  around the living room , threatening to kill Gibran , " the teen told police , according to the report . When the teenager locked himself and his sister Kayla inside her room , Drayton kicked in the door "  and began making threats to kill Gibran , " according to the report . Though Drayton "  confirmed the stories told by Gibran and Trujillo , " he denied having chased or threatened to kill the teenager , the report said . Drayton is scheduled for an initial hearing on Thursday morning . During the incident , Drayton cut a finger with one of the knives he was holding . The assault charge carries a $ 20,000 bond ; the battery charge carries a $ 3,000 bond . It was not clear whether he had a lawyer . During the 1980s and 1990s , Drayton was a member of the militant rap group Public Enemy . Its biggest hit , "  Fight the Power , " served as a soundtrack to the Spike Lee film "  Do the Right Thing . " The group , which has been nominated for induction next year into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum , "  brought a new level of conceptual sophistication to the hip-hop album , and a new level of intensity and power to live hip-hop , inspiring fans from Jay-Z to Rage Against the Machine to Kurt Cobain , " according to the organization 's website . "  After Public Enemy , hip-hop could never again be dismissed as kids ' music . "	Police say he got into an altercation with his fiancee , then threatened her son It is not clear whether the musician has a lawyer Flavor Flav was a member of the rap group "  Public Enemy "
CNN  -- China 's and Japan 's top leaders met in Belgium , indicating a thaw in relations since a diplomatic battle broke out last month over Japan 's arrest of a Chinese fishing captain off the disputed Diaoyu Islands . Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan met Monday in Brussels , on the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting . They met in a corridor outside the conference venue after a working dinner and spoke for about 25 minutes , Kan told reporters , according to Japan 's Kyodo news agency . During the meeting , Wen stressed the mutual benefits of Beijing and Tokyo maintaining good relations , according to China 's state-run media . Kan said likewise , Kyodo said . Wen and Kan "  agreed to step up people-to-people exchange and communication between the governments , and hold China-Japan high-level meeting at an appropriate time , " according to the Xinhua news agency . Wen also reiterated China 's claims to the Diaoyu Islands , China 's state-run media said . Kan told Wen that the islands are an integral part of Japanese territory , Kyodo said . The Japanese call the islands the Senkaku . The arrest of the fishing captain in early September off the islands touched off a battle that escalated into diplomatic threats by Beijing , the suspension of ministerial-level talks and canceled trips between the nations . Beijing says the islands and most of the South China Sea belong to China , disputing neighboring countries ' claims . The clash over territorial waters and islands -- and the natural resources that go with them -- is a flash point in the Asia-Pacific region . Japan late last month freed the fishing captain , who returned to a hero 's welcome in China . During the dispute , China arrested four Japanese nationals , saying they were being investigated for illegally entering a Chinese military zone . China released three of the four Japanese last week , saying they had made admissions and expressed regret . China continues to hold the remaining Japanese national . Their employer , the Japanese construction company Fujita Corp. , has said that they were sent to China for a Japanese government project to reclaim World War II chemical weapons left by Japan 's Imperial Army .	NEW : Wen and Kan also reiterated their nations ' claims to disputed islands Wen Jiabao and Naoto Kan met on the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting They spoke for about 25 minutes , Kan says The leaders agreed on the mutual benefits of China and Japan maintaining good relations
CNN  -- "  22 Jump Street " wholeheartedly embraces the sequel formula , and critics could n't be happier . As the follow-up to 2012 's blockbuster comedy "  21 Jump Street , " "  22 Jump Street " essentially rehashes everything about its predecessor but does so in a self-referential way that does n't sacrifice humor . It helps that the original team is back : Directors Phil Lord and Christopher Miller have returned to the helm , and stars Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill are once again playing a pair of hilariously ineffective undercover cops who report to an irritated Ice Cube . Really , the only thing that 's changed is that Tatum 's Jenko and Hill 's Schmidt are going undercover at a local college instead of a high school . But for once , sticking to the formula has worked . "  22 Jump Street is damn funny , sometimes outrageously so , " praises Rolling Stone 's Peter Travers . "  It laughs at its own dumb logic and invites us in on the fun . " Somehow , the movie "  steers blessedly clear of common sequel traps , even while brazenly committing so many of the form 's sins , " says The Washington Post 's Ann Hornaday . "  The truth is , the old-married-couple dynamic between the two men is still funny , especially in the deft hands of Hill and Tatum , who have built a comic chemistry worthy of Hope and Crosby â $ " or at least Lucy and Ethel . " The leading comic duo were also irresistible to New York Times critic Manohla Dargis , who believes that the movie "  still tickles a comedy sweet spot partly because both actors are naturally likable and seem to be having a good time . " The only thing that seemed truly worn out were some of the jokes about sexuality , observes Village Voice critic Stephanie Zacharek . Part of the plot involves Jenko and Schmidt going their separate ways for a while as they fall into different social circles on campus , leading to "  numerous homoerotic references to this fading friendship , but only in a ` Totally yankin ' your chain , bro ! ' way , " Zacharek says . "  It 's there that '22 Jump Street ' wobbles off the rails . ... The recurring ` gay , not-gay ' jokes are neither particularly funny nor insightful , and they push the movie slightly out of whack . ...  But  '22 Jump Street ' is n't uncharitable or mean-spirited ; at worst , it 's just confused . " Despite those flaws , the sequel is projected to perform well at the box office this weekend , with observers betting on an opening of at least $ 50 million . And if you 're seeing the movie this weekend , here 's a tip from The Chicago Tribune 's Michael Phillips : "  Be sure to hang around for the closing credits , which imagine all sorts of ` Jump Street ' sequels to come , all of which look funnier than ' A Million Ways to Die in the West . ' " Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill 's ` lucky ' bromance Review : '22 Jump Street ' is a repeat	"  22 Jump Street " is basically the same as "  21 Jump Street " But critics are praising the comedy sequel for its smart approach The jokes about sexuality are a noticeable flaw , one reviewer says
Today marks the 508th anniversary of the death of Christopher Columbus . Everybody knows the story of Columbus , right ? He was an Italian explorer from Genoa who set sail in 1492 to enrich the Spanish monarchs with gold and spices from the orient . Not quite . For too long , scholars have ignored Columbus ' grand passion : the quest to liberate Jerusalem from the Muslims . During Columbus ' lifetime , Jews became the target of fanatical religious persecution . On March 31 , 1492 , King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella proclaimed that all Jews were to be expelled from Spain . The edict especially targeted the 800,000 Jews who had never converted , and gave them four months to pack up and get out . The Jews who were forced to renounce Judaism and embrace Catholicism were known as "  Conversos , " or converts . There were also those who feigned conversion , practicing Catholicism outwardly while covertly practicing Judaism , the so-called "  Marranos , " or swine . Tens of thousands of Marranos were tortured by the Spanish Inquisition . They were pressured to offer names of friends and family members , who were ultimately paraded in front of crowds , tied to stakes and burned alive . Their land and personal possessions were then divvied up by the church and crown . Recently , a number of Spanish scholars , such as Jose Erugo , Celso Garcia de la Riega , Otero Sanchez and Nicholas Dias Perez , have concluded that Columbus was a Marrano , whose survival depended upon the suppression of all evidence of his Jewish background in face of the brutal , systematic ethnic cleansing . Columbus , who was known in Spain as Cristóbal Colón and did n't speak Italian , signed his last will and testament on May 19 , 1506 , and made five curious -- and revealing -- provisions . Two of his wishes -- tithe one-tenth of his income to the poor and provide an anonymous dowry for poor girls -- are part of Jewish customs . He also decreed to give money to a Jew who lived at the entrance of the Lisbon Jewish Quarter . On those documents , Columbus used a triangular signature of dots and letters that resembled inscriptions found on gravestones of Jewish cemeteries in Spain . He ordered his heirs to use the signature in perpetuity . According to British historian Cecil Roth 's "  The History of the Marranos , " the anagram was a cryptic substitute for the Kaddish , a prayer recited in the synagogue by mourners after the death of a close relative . Thus , Columbus ' subterfuge allowed his sons to say Kaddish for their crypto-Jewish father when he died . Finally , Columbus left money to support the crusade he hoped his successors would take up to liberate the Holy Land . Estelle Irizarry , a linguistics professor at Georgetown University , has analyzed the language and syntax of hundreds of handwritten letters , diaries and documents of Columbus and concluded that the explorer 's primary written and spoken language was Castilian Spanish . Irizarry explains that 15th-century Castilian Spanish was the "  Yiddish " of Spanish Jewry , known as "  Ladino . " At the top left-hand corner of all but one of the 13 letters written by Columbus to his son Diego contained the handwritten Hebrew letters bet-hei , meaning b ` ezrat Hashem  with God 's help  . Observant Jews have for centuries customarily added this blessing to their letters . No letters to outsiders bear this mark , and the one letter to Diego in which this was omitted was one meant for King Ferdinand . In Simon Weisenthal 's book , "  Sails of Hope , " he argues that Columbus ' voyage was motivated by a desire to find a safe haven for the Jews in light of their expulsion from Spain . Likewise , Carol Delaney , a cultural anthropologist at Stanford University , concludes that Columbus was a deeply religious man whose purpose was to sail to Asia to obtain gold in order to finance a crusade to take back Jerusalem and rebuild the Jews ' holy Temple . In Columbus ' day , Jews widely believed that Jerusalem had to be liberated and the Temple rebuilt for the Messiah to come . Scholars point to the date on which Columbus set sail as further evidence of his true motives . He was originally going to sail on August 2 , 1492 , a day that happened to coincide with the Jewish holiday of Tisha B'Av , marking the destruction of the First and Second Holy Temples of Jerusalem . Columbus postponed this original sail date by one day to avoid embarking on the holiday , which would have been considered by Jews to be an unlucky day to set sail .  Coincidentally or significantly , the day he set forth was the very day that Jews were , by law , given the choice of converting , leaving Spain , or being killed . Columbus ' voyage was not , as is commonly believed , funded by the deep pockets of Queen Isabella , but rather by two Jewish Conversos and another prominent Jew . Louis de Santangel and Gabriel Sanchez advanced an interest free loan of 17,000 ducats from their own pockets to help pay for the voyage , as did Don Isaac Abrabanel , rabbi and Jewish statesman . Indeed , the first two letters Columbus sent back from his journey were not to Ferdinand and Isabella , but to Santangel and Sanchez , thanking them for their support and telling them what he had found . The evidence seem to bear out a far more complicated picture of the man for whom our nation now celebrates a national holiday and has named its capital . As we witness bloodshed the world over in the name of religious freedom , it is valuable to take another look at the man who sailed the seas in search of such freedoms -- landing in a place that would eventually come to hold such an ideal at its very core .	Sunday marks the 508th anniversary of the death of Christopher Columbus Charles Garcia : Columbus was a Marrano , or a Jew who feigned to be a Catholic He says that during Columbus ' lifetime , Jews became the target of religious persecution Garcia : Columbus ' voyage was motivated by a desire to find a safe haven for Jews
CNN  -- The Maldives will introduce strict guidelines on conducting wedding ceremonies for tourists after a foreign couple was mocked and abused by staff members at a local resort , the president 's office said Friday . The couple thought they were taking part in a marriage renewal ceremony conducted in the local Dhivehi language . But the officiant used the occasion to insult them and call them names . The Maldives -- an archipelago of almost 1,200 coral islands south-southeast of India -- is a secular nation of 370,000 Muslims . But it is a favorite of well-heeled Westerners lured by its white sandy beaches . The incident came to light when a YouTube video of the ceremony surfaced recently . The nationalities of the couple are not known , but they speak in English in the video . The woman -- wearing a white dress - and the man bow their heads in prayer in what they think is a wedding renewal . But the person conducting the ceremony calls them "  swines " and "  infidels " and says children of such a union will be "  illegitimate , " according to a translation provided by the local Minivan news website . At the end of the ceremony , the couple exchange rings and head to the beach to plant a coconut tree in the sand . At several points in the video , the officiant is heard cautioning the videographer to make sure he did not record the profanities . In his weekly radio address Friday , the nation 's president , Mohamed Nasheed , said he was disgusted by the incident and described the behavior of the staff as "  absolutely disgraceful . " All tourist hotels without exception will be required to follow the new guidelines which will be issued shortly , he said . "  No stone will be left unturned to ensure that an incident like this never happens again , " the government said in a statement Thursday . Ahmed Shiyam , the sub-inspector of police in the capital Male , said officers have taken two people in custody -- the one who performed the ceremony and another who assisted him . The resort , he said , was cooperating with the investigation . He refused to share details about the couple . CNN 's Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report .	Couple thinks they are taking part in a wedding renewal ceremony The officiant curses and mocks them in the local language The incident comes to light after a video surfaces on YouTube The president calls the staff 's behavior "  absolutely disgraceful "
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- The convoy of a leading Haitian presidential candidate came under attack from gunmen , the candidate 's sister said Tuesday . "  We just can not believe it . It 's unbelievable . We 're still in shock , " said Rita Celestin-Rancy , a sister of Jude Celestin , who was traveling with her brother 's 20-vehicle convoy to the southern city of Jeremie when they came under fire near Beaumont . Celestin-Rancy said one person was killed and another wounded . Police did not return calls from CNN . Campaign manager Joseph Flambert called into Haiti 's Radio Caraibes to say the convoy retreated after a "  hail of bullets . " Celestin , a director of Haiti 's road construction department , is the endorsed candidate of outgoing Haitian President Rene Preval . Celestin is one of 19 Haitians vying for the nation 's top office . Celestin-Rancy declined to speculate on whether Monday night 's attack was politically motivated . She said her brother 's campaign was awaiting the results of a police investigation . Candidates have been ramping up their campaigns in the final days before the vote . The streets of the Haitian capital throbbed Monday with music emanating from mobile speakers carrying messages of support for some of the 19 presidential candidates . Tensions exploded as well in the western coastal town of Miragoane , where resident Antony Gae told CNN on Monday that police fired guns to disperse demonstrators who were burning tires and accusing Haiti 's main electoral commission of bias . But planning for Sunday 's scheduled presidential election and legislative elections is moving forward , U.S. Ambassador to Haiti Kenneth Merten told reporters Tuesday from Port-au-Prince . "  While much remains to be done this week , the process is on track : 250,000 new voters were registered and more than 11,000 voting stations have been identified , " Merten said . The Haitian Conseil Electoral Provisoire , or CEP , is overseeing the plans to ensure "  free , fair , and transparent " elections , he said . The Haitian National Police is in charge of Election Day security , with support from the U.N. stabilization mission in Haiti , known by its French acronym , MINUSTAH . A number of observers are in Haiti , including the Joint Electoral Observation Mission , an effort of the Organization of American States and the Caribbean Community of Nations . The mission is expected to have more than 100 observers deployed across the country as monitors , he said . Another 5,000 to 7,000 electoral observers belonging to Haitian civil society groups will be "  keeping an eye on things , " Merten said . He noted that the Haitian government has said there is no public health reason for the elections not to take place . "  I see them as two separate issues , " Merten said . "  We have a cholera problem here , which is something that the Haitians and we are all grappling with , which is a major public health challenge here . And we have the elections which should take place , need to take place , and we are here to support that effort . " According to a recent report by the International Crisis Group , Haiti has held 13 elections since 1987 , the "  majority of which have been marred by delays , suspensions , widespread irregularities , fraud , boycotts , unrest and violence . " Cholera has killed at least 1,415 people and sickened more than 60,000 , the Haitian government said Tuesday . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this story	Jude Celestin 's convoy was heading to the city of Jeremie His sister expressed shock at the attack She says gunmen opened fire and killed one person Haiti 's election is this Sunday
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Spain will send up to 395 troops to combat piracy off the coast of Somalia as part of a European Union task force , the Spanish Parliament agreed on Wednesday . A soldier looks at a Yemeni fishing boat from a French frigate . Spanish troops are due to join the EU task force . The near-unanimous parliamentary vote authorizing the troop deployment came after a Spanish tuna fishing boat was seized last spring by Somali pirates and later released , after a reported payment of ransom . Last November , a Spanish press photographer was kidnapped in Somalia , while working on a story about piracy . He was released two weeks ago . Spanish Defense Minister Carme Chacon told parliament before the vote that the fight against piracy "  is of vital importance for the defense of the geostrategic and economic interests of Spain , and will provide security to our fishing fleet , " according to a defense ministry statement . Spain already has a P-3 maritime surveillance plane with 70 troops at a French air base in Djibouti , just north of Somalia , and those assets will now go toward the EU task force against piracy , involving various EU nations . In addition , Spain will send a frigate with a helicopter and 196 troops , and later a supply ship with a helicopter and 118 more troops . Spain is due to take the rotating command of the EU task force next April , when Spanish fishing boats work off of Somalia , the ministry statement said . The cost to Spain 's treasury will be $ 3.7 million to $ 5.1 million  $ 4.7 million to $ 6.5 million  per month , depending on the assets deployed .	Spain to send 395 troops to join EU task force fighting piracy off Somali coast Vote follows seizure of Spanish tuna fishing boat by pirates last spring Spain due to take over rotating command of the EU task force next April Pirate attacks in Gulf of Aden have increased sharply in recent months
ANKARA , Turkey  CNN  -- President Obama ended his first overseas trip in Turkey -- a location he said he chose to send a clear message . President Obama and Turkish President Abdullah Gul hold a joint news conference Monday . "  I 'm trying to make a statement about the importance of Turkey , not just to the United States but to the world , " Obama said at a joint news conference Monday with Turkish President Abdullah Gul . "  This is a country that has been often said lies at the crossroads between East and West . It 's a country that possesses an extraordinarily rich heritage but also represents a blend of those ancient traditions with a modern nation state that respects democracy , respects rule of law and is striving toward a modern economy . " Obama said Monday that the United States and Turkey can send a powerful message to the world through their friendship . "  I think that where there 's the most promise of building stronger U.S.-Turkish relations is in the recognition that Turkey and the United States can build a model partnership in which a predominantly Christian nation , a predominantly Muslim nation -- a Western nation and a nation that straddles two continents , " he continued , "  that we can create a modern international community that is respectful , that is secure , that is prosperous , that there are not tensions -- inevitable tensions between cultures -- which I think is extraordinarily important . " Watch Obama on the importance of the U.S.-Turkish relationship " U.S. approval ratings among Turks hit dismal lows throughout the Bush administration , largely because of the war in neighboring Iraq , which was widely unpopular in Turkey . The Turks seem to be captivated , however , by the new American president , according to one influential newspaper . On Monday , the Hurriyet published a front-page headline saying , "  Welcome Mr. President . ... Our hearts have been broken over the last eight years , now it is time to mend hearts . " Middle East analyst Reza Aslan said Monday that following years of frosty relations , Obama wants to strengthen ties with Turkey to send a signal to other Muslim nations . "  Turkey is the most important majority-Muslim state when it comes to the United States ' interest in the region , " he said . "  He wants to make the U.S.-Turkey relations the bedrock for the way in which he 's going to reach out to the rest of the Muslim world , " Aslan added . Obama said Monday that "  one of the great strengths of the United States " is that it does not consider itself "  a Christian nation or a Jewish nation or a Muslim nation . We consider ourselves a nation of citizens who are bound by ideals and a set of values . I think modern Turkey was founded with a similar set of principles . " In an address before the Turkish Parliament later Monday , Obama acknowledged that "  the trust that binds the United States and Turkey has been strained , and I know that strain is shared in many places where the Muslim faith is practiced . " Obama said , "  So let me say this as clearly as I can : The United States is not and will never be at war with Islam . " Watch what Obama says about Islam " On his first presidential visit to a Muslim country , Obama highlighted that he too had Muslims in his family and had lived in a Muslim-majority country . Obama also called on Turkey , NATO 's only Muslim member country , to work side by side with the United States to resolve conflicts across the turbulent Middle East . The president reiterated American support for Turkey 's bid to join the European Union , a position that was recently criticized by French President Nicolas Sarkozy . Former U.S. Defense Secretary William Cohen said Obama 's visit to Turkey is an "  important step for the president . " "  Turkey is a very important country -- one of our critical members of NATO . They play an important role in helping to support troops in both Iraq and Afghanistan . They will hopefully play a role in helping to bring about a Middle East peace settlement , " he said . Turkey sends "  a very important signal to the rest of the Muslim world that the United States is not anti-Muslim as so many have thought we have been , but rather here is a very strong Muslim nation that is working hand in hand with the United States , " Cohen said . Obama on Monday avoided pushing for a pledge he made during his presidential campaign to recognize officially the massacre of ethnic Armenians in 1915 as a genocide . Turkey vehemently denies Armenian claims that 1 million Armenians were killed in the last days of the Ottoman Empire . Instead , the American president highlighted recent diplomatic progress made between the governments of Turkey and Armenia , saying he was "  not interested in the U.S. tilting this negotiation in any way . " Turkey and Armenia do not have formal diplomatic relations and their borders are closed . However , last fall the Turkish president went to a soccer match in Armenia , and Armenia 's top diplomat was expected to attend a U.N.-sponsored "  Alliance of Civilizations " forum Monday in Istanbul , Turkey . Obama hinted that a major diplomatic breakthrough between the two rivals may come soon . "  My sense is they are moving forward quickly , " he said at an earlier press conference with Gul . "  I do n't want to pre-empt any arrangements that could be made in the near future . " CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	President Obama : U.S. a nation of citizens , not any particular religion Obama says he is trying to make a statement by ending trip in Turkey Obama on first state visit to largely Muslim nation U.S. approval ratings among Turks hit low during Bush administration
CNN  -- Authorities in Germany are investigating whether they can prosecute a former Nazi camp guard who has been living in the United States for 60 years , they said Monday . Prosecutors are probing the case of Johann Breyer , who admits to having been a guard at the notorious Auschwitz camp , where more than 1 million people , most of them Jews , were killed during World War II . Breyer , 87 , says he was only a perimeter guard and did not persecute anyone , according to legal papers related to his battle to keep his U.S. citizenship . "  He was a trained , paid , uniformed armed Nazi guard who patrolled the perimeters of two such camps with orders to shoot those who tried to escape , " a court ruled in 1994 . Breyer won his fight to remain in the United States in 2003 , when a court ruled that he was not responsible for having joined a Nazi unit because he was only 17 years old at the time . But German authorities are investigating evidence against him , and expect to have preliminary results in October , said Gert Schaefer , a spokesman for the chief public prosecutor in the Bavarian town of Weiden . Breyer emigrated to the United States in 1952 and claimed citizenship as a displaced person . In the 1990s , the government fought to strip him of his citizenship , arguing that Nazis were not eligible . Breyer did not dispute having been an SS Totenkopf  Death 's Head  guard , responsible for guarding Nazi concentration camps , according to the U.S. Court of Appeals of the Third Circuit , which heard one stage of his legal battle in 1994 . Therefore , "  Breyer assisted in persecution , " the court ruled . "  The Department of Justice proved in federal court that John  Johann  Breyer participated in Nazi-sponsored acts of persecution while serving as an SS guard at the Buchenwald Concentration Camp and the Auschwitz Death Camp during World War II , " DOJ spokeswoman Rebekah Carmichael said Monday in a statement . But , she added , findings about his mother 's birth and the date of his SS enlistment made it legally impossible to deport him . His case is similar to that of John Demjanjuk , the Ukrainian-born Ohio man who spent more than two decades fighting charges that he was a Nazi war criminal before he died this year . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen and Janina Bembenek contributed to this report .	Johann Breyer was a guard at Auschwitz , where more than 1 million people were killed He denies persecuting anyone , saying he was only a perimeter guard Breyer , in the U.S. for 60 years , won a legal battle to keep U.S. citizenship in 2003 His case is similar to that of John Demjanjuk , who died this year
CNN Student News  -- May 11 , 2012 Download a PDF map related to today 's show : London , United Kingdom ; Greece Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Crews in Taiwan have found body parts as the search unfolds for victims of rock slides unleashed by Typhoon Megi last week , official media said . Four sets of body parts have been found , with DNA testing to be done , Taiwan 's official Central News Agency said . Nineteen tourists from southern China , a Chinese tour group leader and a Taiwanese bus driver went missing Thursday along the Suhua Highway , in northeast Taiwan . Sections of the scenic highway , which is perched along a cliff on the island 's eastern coast , gave way . Three dozen family members of the missing Chinese tourists arrived in Taiwan on Monday night . They were to visit the site of the rock slides on Tuesday , China 's state media said . Megi killed at least 13 people and injured nearly 100 others in Taiwan last week . It struck the Philippines earlier in the week , affecting an estimated 258,844 people and leaving thousands homeless . Typhoon Megi made landfall in China 's southeastern province of Fujian on Saturday , affecting nearly 650,000 people and destroying 500 houses , China 's Xinhua news agency said . About 270,000 people had evacuated . Damage in Fujian from the strongest typhoon of the year was estimated at 1.59 billion yuan  $ 238 million  . No deaths or significant injuries were reported , thanks to rigorous typhoon precautions in Fujian , Guangdong and Zhejiang provinces , the state-run China Daily said .	Four sets have been discovered , with DNA testing to be done Typhoon Megi unleashed the slides last week Nineteen tourists from southern China are among the missing A search also is on for a Chinese tour group leader and a Taiwanese bus driver
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's opposition said Sunday that it will not "  commit political suicide " by entering into a government with President Robert Mugabe without the power to deliver change , food and jobs . Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe , in a speech to supporters Saturday , refused calls to step down . Movement for Democratic Change spokesman Nelson Chamisa made that comment after his party 's national executive meeting and ahead of talks slated for Monday on forming a government of national unity . Last September , Mugabe and MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai signed a power-sharing deal , but they have not formed a government of national unity . The agreement , brokered by former South African President Thabo Mbeki on behalf of Southern African Development Community  SADC  , stalled as Tsvangirai accused Mugabe of grabbing all key ministries such as defense , information , foreign affairs , finance and home affairs . South African President Kgalema Motlanthe , chairman of the regional body SADC , is coming to Zimbabwe Monday with his predecessor , Mbeki , and with Mozambique leader Armando Guebuza to try to resolve the impasse . In an interview with CNN , Chamisa said of Monday 's planned meeting : "  We can not go into positions of authority without the attendant and consequent power to enable us to deliver on change , food and jobs . "  It is an act of political hari-kari , political suicide , and we are not ready to commit suicide yet . We can not commit political suicide by entering into a government limping and in pain . It 's like swallowing poison and we become the victims . "  We are going to insist on the outstanding issues , which are to do with equity of ministries , making sure that we attain the position of governors in line with March 29 election and therefore we are going to insist and stick to our position and we hope Mister Mugabe and ZANU-PF will appreciate the nobility of our very vital position . " ZANU-PF is Mugabe 's party . Describing Monday 's planned meeting as a "  watershed , " Chamisa said his party wanted the protracted talks to end . Mugabe told the state media that Monday 's meeting would be the final one , and that he would form a government without the opposition if no agreement was reached . Chamisa responded by saying : "  Mugabe is a failure and can not dictate pace . If they choose to terminate the talks by their arrogance , let it be , we will not give Mugabe latitude to be funny . "  We are the winners and therefore we should be indicating which issues to deliberate on . So we will not give Mister Mugabe latitude to be funny because there is no time for that , people are suffering . " The agreement , under which Mugabe would remain as Zimbabwe 's president and Tsvangirai would become prime minister , follows last June 's hotly disputed presidential runoff , which was marred by more than 200 deaths , mainly among opposition supporters . Tsvangirai had won the first round in March , but failed to reached the threshold required . The deal is seen by many as the panacea to the plethora of problems facing Zimbabwe . The once prosperous nation is facing its worst economic and humanitarian crisis . Acute shortages of essentials have raised inflation , now the highest in the world . The United Nations says more than five million people face starvation and there is no food aid . Added to that , a cholera outbreak has claimed more than 2,200 lives as the country fails to import adequate stocks of chemicals to treat the water . The epidemic has coincided with a strike , now in its fourth month , by doctors and nurses demanding a salary review , more medicines and better hospital equipment . Tsvangirai returned home Saturday and said he was committed to a power-sharing deal with Mugabe , despite recent threats to abandon the deal . But he vowed that he would not be rushed to join an inclusive government .	Opposition : Power-sharing deal must give it genuine power to deliver change Zimbabwe 's President Mugabe to hold talks Monday with Morgan Tsvangirai Mugabe says talks are last chance for opposition before he forms government Power-sharing deal signed by pair has been deadlocked since September
CNN  -- Low visibility caused by mist and sand created poor flying conditions for the pilot of an Afriqiyah Airways flight that crashed just before landing in Tripoli , Libyan sources with knowledge of the investigation said Saturday . The plane , an Airbus A330-200 , originated in Johannesburg , South Africa , and was at the end of its nearly nine-hour flight when it crashed Wednesday . All but one of the 104 passengers on board were killed . The sources said that as the pilot approached Tripoli International Airport , he took the plane off auto-pilot hoping to manually land the aircraft . He realized he was in trouble and tried to pull the plane up and turn the auto-pilot back on to give it another try , the sources said . But the effort was too late and the plane slammed violently into the ground , explaining the condition of the wreckage and damage to the plane 's tail at the crash site , the sources said . An investigation into the crash is under way , and authorities are reviewing the aircraft 's flight data recorder . Meanwhile Ruben van Assouw , the 9-year-old sole survivor of the plane crash , has returned home to the Netherlands . He suffered multiple fractures to his legs and underwent surgery at Al Khadra Hospital , said a doctor at the hospital who declined to give her name . Both of Ruben 's parents and a brother were killed in the crash , a Dutch foreign ministry representative said . Ruben 's family issued a statement Friday expressing gratitude to people who have helped them , such as Libyan hospital professionals and Dutch envoys , as well as the outpourings of sympathy from citizens in both countries . The family also thanked "  the vast majority of the Dutch media for respecting our privacy . " The family , which will raise Ruben , said the boy knows that his parents and brother were killed . "  Considering the circumstances , Ruben is doing fine . He is sleeping a lot ; now and then he wakes up and is then lucid , " the family said in the statement . "  He has drunk a little , and has seen the flowers and cuddly toys . " Ruben 's family said it has to deal with "  two kinds of grief " -- the sorrow the boy is enduring and the sadness over the loss of the other family members . "  The coming period will be very difficult for us , " the family said . "  We hope that all the media will respect our privacy . " More than two-thirds of the passengers killed in the plane crash were Dutch , the ministry said . Passengers from Libya , South Africa , Belgium , Austria , Germany , France , Zimbabwe and Britain were also among the victims , the airline said on its Web site . The Dutch foreign ministry said Friday it is sending more experts to Tripoli to help Libyan authorities and Dutch colleagues identify the victims .	Sources : Mist and sand created poor flying conditions for the pilot of crashed plane Family says 9-year-old sole survivor knows his immediate family were killed in plane crash Dutch foreign ministry sending experts to Tripoli to help authorities identify victims
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Moammar Gadhafi 's forces Thursday pounded the strategic port of Misrata , his sole daughter defied the coalition and the three leaders of that alliance declared the Libyan leader "  must go and go for good . " To the west , in Tripoli , antiaircraft fire followed several thunderous explosions , and Libyan state television reported civilian casualties from NATO airstrikes . The attacks came as the alliance chief asked for more precision fighter jets in order to avoid civilian deaths . At a NATO summit in Berlin , Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told reporters that NATO has the necessary assets to continue aerial strikes , but the tactical nature of the fight has changed . "  Now they hide their heavy arms in populated areas , where before many targets were easier to get to , " Rasmussen said . "  To avoid civilian casualties , we need very sophisticated equipment . So , we need a few more precision fighter ground-attack aircraft for air-to-ground missions . " With the conflict at a deadly impasse , Britain and France have been pressuring NATO to step up airstrikes . In a joint op-ed that will appear Friday in three European newspapers , U.S. President Barack Obama , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron wrote about their vision of Libya 's "  pathway to peace . " "  We are convinced that better times lie ahead for the people of LIbya , " they wrote . They likened the fighting in Misrata to a "  medieval siege . " The White House released text of the opinion piece , which called on the Libyan troops to return to their barracks . "  Our duty and our mandate under U.N. Security Council Resolution 1973 is to protect civilians , and we are doing that . It is not to remove  Gadhafi  by force . But it is impossible to imagine a future for Libya with  Gadhafi  in power , " the three wrote . "  The International Criminal Court is rightly investigating the crimes committed against civilians and the grievous violations of international law . It is unthinkable that someone who has tried to massacre his own people can play a part in their future government . " Gadhafi 's daughter , Ayesha , speaking to a cheering crowd in Tripoli , said the United States tried to kill her and other children in 1986 . "  In 1911 , Italy attacked my country and killed my  great -  grandfather , " she said . "  Now in 2011 , they 're trying to kill my father . " "  My father once said that ` if the Libyan nation does n't want me , then I do n't deserve to live , ' " Ayesha Gadhafi said . "  The Libyans answered him in a united voice : ` Those who do n't want you do n't deserve to live ! ' " Ayesha Gadhafi also said rebel forces were being wrongly portrayed . "  Who are those civilians that you 're trying to protect while killing us ? Are they those who hold RPGs and other weapons ? " The emir of Qatar , meanwhile , told CNN "  it 's possible " weapons provided by his state have reached Libyan rebels in the past two days . Hamad bin Khalifa told "  The Situation Room " that the opposition first must be trained in use of the weapons . Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim accused Qatar late Wednesday of providing rebels in eastern Libya with anti-tank warheads , but he did not say when . A week ago , a CNN team in eastern Libya saw the rebels with anti-tank missiles , which they did n't have before . Rebels near Ajdabiya were beginning to show signs of discipline and have received new equipment , CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported . Despite the enhanced organization , they were not ready to take the offensive . In Misrata , at least 23 people were killed and more than 100 were wounded in the dawn attack at the port and a nearby residential area , said the director of one of the four clinics open in the city . He said at least 700 people have died since the violence erupted in Misrata in February The attacks Thursday destroyed a cement factory and cargo containers at the Misrata port , where a medical aid ship was expected to dock , residents said . "  If people do not die here from shelling , they will die from starving since Gadhafi is preventing aid from arriving to the port , " said Mohammed , a medical assistant . He said the shelled port had reopened and did not sustain major damage . Misrata residents interviewed by CNN did not want to be identified because of security reasons . CNN could not independently verify the reports but the International Organization for Migration said it chartered an 800-person-capacity boat to evacuate at least 6,000 stranded migrant workers in Misrata , many of whom have been living in warehouses with little food and a lot of fear . The organization said the boat was carrying hundreds of tons of medical aid to Misrata and was en route to the port . "  From reports on the ground , this rescue mission can not come soon enough , " an IOM worker on the boat said in a news release . "  It is going to be heartbreaking not being able to take everyone out at once . " Misrata has been under siege for weeks . Reports of civilian casualties streamed in Tuesday and Wednesday . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said that in addition to Misrata , the situation also is particularly grave in the cities of Zintan and al-Brega because of critical food and water shortages . Rebels have pushed back the battle lines in the east from the war-weary city of Ajdabiya toward al-Brega . "  We are also deeply concerned with the fate of third-country nationals who are trapped in the areas of fighting , " Ban said at an Arab League meeting on Libya in Cairo . "  As the fighting rages , the situation will only get worse and the more distant a political solution . " International delegates attending a meeting on Libya Thursday in Qatar again urged Gadhafi to step down immediately . But the Libyan strongman has shown no signs of backing down . State-run television aired video Thursday of Gadhafi hanging out of the sunroof of a sport utility vehicle and waving to other cars and people on the streets . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Ben Wedeman and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : Rebels show more discipline , cohesion in Ajdabiya U.S. , French and UK leaders write op-ed piece Gadhafi 's daughter rallies supporters Emir says "  it 's possible " rebels have received Qatari weapons
Tumblr urged users to download an important update for its iOS apps on Tuesday , after a "  security vulnerability " put passwords at risk . "  We have just released a very important security update for our iPhone and iPad apps addressing an issue that allowed passwords to be compromised in certain circumstances , " Derek Gottfrid , the blogging platform 's vice-president of product , said in a blog post . In a footnote , Gottfrid elaborated that passwords were "  sniffed " or detected while in transit on certain versions of the app . The company also advised users of its iOS apps to update their passwords on Tumblr , as well as "  anywhere else you may have been using the same password . " In an e-mailed statement , spokesperson Katherine Barna told Mashable that Tumblr was notified of a "  security vulnerability " in its iOS app earlier Tuesday . "  We immediately released an update that repairs the issue and are notifying affected users . We obviously take these incidents very seriously and deeply regret this error , " Barna said . She did not provide further details on the security issue . Those using Tumblr 's iOS apps can head to Apple 's App Store to download the security fix . In May , Yahoo announced that it reached an agreement to acquire Tumblr . The deal was completed last month . Were you affected by Tumblr 's security problem ? Tell us in the comments , below .	Tumblr advises users of its iOS apps to update their passwords Security hole "  allowed passwords to be compromised in certain circumstances " Users of Tumblr 's iPhone , iPad apps can download a security fix from App Store
Margaret Thatcher was one of the defining personalities of the 20th century . In diplomacy , economics , society and as a woman , she had enormous impact at home and abroad . The test of a statesman is whether he or she changes the political weather . Thatcher , who won an unprecedented three consecutive general elections , certainly did that as UK prime minister from 1979 to 1990 . What do you think about the loss of Britain 's ` Iron Lady ' ? Share your thoughts on CNN iReport But Thatcher not only changed the philosophy of her own party , the right-leaning Conservatives , she also forced other parties to change their whole approach to politics . Since Thatcher , all British mainstream parties have been believers , more or less , in the market economy . No other British politician during the second half of the 20th century had his or her own "  ism " -- but Margaret Thatcher did with "  Thatcherism , " defined by some as the application of a housewife 's home budgeting to the national economy , coupled with the encouragement of home ownership and entrepreneurial capitalism . Her first achievement , easily forgotten now , was to go as far as she did in politics as a woman : She was , after all , the UK 's first female prime minister . It was much harder then , and the best she had hoped for when she started her political career was to become chief finance minister as Chancellor of the Exchequer . When she entered 10 Downing Street , the prime minister 's official residence , Thatcher headed a Cabinet in which most ministers had voted for her predecessor Edward Heath . Soon , in scribbled comments on the margins of Cabinet papers , the prime minister derided as "  wets " those fellow ministers who were aghast at the budgets driven through by herself and Chancellor Geoffrey Howe . Her colleagues and advisers told her that she could not reform the trades ' unions that had brought the country to its knees during the 1970s through industrial action and seen off the previous Conservative government . Only governments run by Labour - the Conservatives ' main rivals for power -- could do that , they said . But Thatcher brought the unions under control and no government since has reversed the measures she took . Diplomats and ambassadors told her she could not get back from the European Union what she liked to refer to as "  our money , " the contribution paid by the UK as part of its membership of Europe . But Thatcher "  handbagged " her way through European summits till the UK secured a unique budget rebate which no prime minister has dared to negotiate away ever since . Unafraid to go to war , at home and in the Falklands Above all , advisers told her there was no prospect of fighting a far-away war and winning back the Falklands Islands after Argentina 's invasion in 1982 -- but she did . As the late Washington diplomat Lawrence Eagleburger later confirmed , it was U.S. officials ' fear of her personal wrath which brought crucial intelligence help from Washington . With her program of selling off homes rented to tenants by regional councils and the privatization of state-controlled industries , Thatcher founded popular capitalism in Britain . Nobody would understand what was meant by "  Heathism " or "  Wilsonianism " or even "  Blairism , " all creeds associated with previous prime ministers . But the British people still have a clear idea of what Thatcherism was all about . Thatcher took power in a period when most commentators and politicians had accepted that the only role for Britain was the least painful management possible of gentle decline . Instead , she restored a sense of national pride and purpose , enabling Britain to continue punching above its weight in international affairs . By taking on the power of the trades ' unions , many say she gave managements back the power to manage . But in her revolutionary march through the institutions of British society , she did n't go as far as many Thatcher zealots would have liked , especially when it came to introducing the open market to health and education services . WATCH : Falklands War clouds Thatcher 's legacy Soviets respected her as ` The Iron Lady ' Overseas , Thatcher became a true power broker on the international scene , seeing Russia 's President Mikhail Gorbachev as a man with whom she could "  do business " and re-charging her ideological batteries in exchanges with U.S. President Ronald Reagan . The "  Iron Lady , " as the Moscow media christened her , became a world figure . Her fondness for Ronald Reagan did not stop her bawling him out in 1983 when he allowed American forces to invade Grenada , a member of the Commonwealth , or telling him off for  in her view  conceding too much to Gorbachev in arms negotiations . But she engendered respect rather than love , especially when she fought the rest of the Commonwealth by opposing economic sanctions against the apartheid regime in South Africa . The authority she gained did not mean there were not mistakes along the way . Some economists blame her governments for wrecking British manufacturing . They say it was under Thatcher 's financial ministers that chronic underspending on Britain 's public services created problems that are still being rectified today . Critics contend that hers was not a tolerant society and she ensured that Britain 's role in Europe become that of permanent irritant rather than profitable partner . Aided and abetted by sections of the media , it seemed Thatcher came to believe in the myth of her own invincibility . That was what led her into mistakes including the poll tax -- a charge that saw dukes and domestic cleaners paying the same local dues -- and increasingly shrill anti-Europeanism , which alarmed even her own party and eventually led them to discard a leader who had won them three consecutive elections . U.S. political figures react to Lady Thatcher 's death Proud but isolated Thatcher 's vote-winning drive had forced Britain 's other parties to change their thinking to remain in touch with the electorate . But when the poll tax - a levy on individuals -- and her "  no , no , no " response to Europe frightened her party into dumping her in 1990 , they woke up the next morning and felt guilty about what they had done to their one-time heroine . Many Tories then adopted Euro-skepticism as a badge of loyalty to the discarded leader and made the party virtually unleadable under Thatcher 's successor John Major . As her friend the novelist Jeffrey Archer put it , this turned the Conservative party into the only known example of a "  circular firing squad . " The appealing certainties of a "  conviction politician " had turned a party that had been interested previously in the gaining and retention of power into an ideological sect more concerned with winning arguments than elections . During Thatcher 's party leadership she purged her team of moderates who backed previous leaders like Ted Heath as well as other doubters . She quarreled with other strong figures like Chancellor Nigel Lawson and leadership rival Michael Heseltine , and she sought compliant government officials , inquiring in advance of key Civil Service appointments : "  Is he one of us ? " By the time she fell out with Howe , provoking him to deliver a ministerial resignation speech which began her own downfall , he was the only survivor of her first Cabinet . Thatcher 's strength and drive made her an icon to conservatives in many parts of the world , especially in eastern Europe . She possessed the certainties of a tabloid newspaper editor , and her eagerness to see the power of central government reduced even made her a heroine to some of today 's Tea Party enthusiasts in the United States . Few European politicians since have been so capable of drawing an American audience . The irony though is that while her election results show the pull she exerted through her strong leadership , her populist streak and her raising of the British profile , many Britons never really identified with the underlying values of the woman who became , both in her time as prime minister and in the years to come , a national icon .	Margaret Thatcher was the UK 's first female prime minister She had changed the philosophy of the Conservatives as well other parties Thatcher founded popular capitalism in Britain Her strength made her an icon to conservatives in many parts of the world
CNN  -- Malaga coach Manuel Pellegrini has added his name to May 's managerial merry-go-round by announcing he is leaving the Spanish club at the end of this season . The Chilean has been linked to the top job at Manchester City after the English Premier League club dismissed Italian Roberto Mancini earlier this month . Pellegrini had a one-season spell in charge of Real Madrid before joining Malaga in 2010 , shortly after Qatar 's Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nasser Al-Thani bought the club . This season the 59-year-old guided "  Los Boquerones " to the heady heights of the Champions League quarterfinals , losing to one of this weekend 's finalists , Borussia Dortmund . But Pellegrini said he was now standing down for "  sporting reasons " -- not because of the club 's financial problems . Malaga confirmed to CNN that the head coach would be leaving at the end of the season . The Spanish club agreed Pellegrini could leave despite having two years left on his contract . "  My coaching staff and I are separating from Malaga but our union with this city will be eternal , " Pellegrini said in a social address to the Malaga Provisional Council . "  We leave the club qualified for Europe with the mission accomplished . We had a time with the club that was very rewarding . " Pellegrini plans to stay at the helm for Malaga 's final two matches . The club , sixth in the La Liga standings , plays Deportivo La Coruna at home before closing the season against Barcelona at the Nou Camp on June 1 . "  Sunday will be my last match at La Rosaleda and will be very exciting for me , " Pellegrini said . "  I 'm not leaving due to the matter of money but looking for a project that allows me to develop my profession conveniently . " Pellegrini continued in a statement on the club 's website : "  Everyone has the right and obligation to follow their chosen path , and Malaga must do the same . The club requires a realistic project next season . "  Malaga had a past without Manuel Pellegrini , and will also have a future without Manuel Pellegrini "  I will be eternally grateful to the owners of the club , who always had blind faith in me . The most important foundation of this club is the strength and support from the fans . " It 's not only on the Costa del Sol that waves are being felt in the managerial market . Along with Mancini 's departure , Everton manager David Moyes will replace Alex Ferguson at EPL rival Manchester United . Carlo Ancelotti has indicated he wants to leave French champion Paris Saint-Germain , possibly to replace outgoing Real Madrid boss Jose Mourinho , who in turn has been linked with a return to Chelsea in place of Rafa Benitez . Tony Pulis has also left EPL side Stoke City while Roberto Martinez is said to be considering his position at Wigan following relegation from England 's top flight . As Pellegrini pondered his future , UEFA ruled on Malaga 's eligibility to compete in European competitions on Wednesday . Malaga fell foul of the European governing body 's Financial Fair Play rules in 2012 and was subsequently handed a season-long ban from its tournaments . Malaga owed player wages and has debts with other football sides as well as the Spanish tax authorities , claimed UEFA . But UEFA 's Club Financial Control Body  CFCB  confirmed that Malaga has now fulfilled conditions imposed upon it and a second year of "  suspended sanctions that had been imposed will not apply . " Malaga was allowed to continue in this season 's Champions League but is not eligible to compete in next season 's Europa League even if the team qualifies for one of the three places on offer to Spanish sides . The club is awaiting a decision , due next month , on its appeal against this ban to the global Court of Arbitration for Sport . Malaga was reported to have splashed out $ 80 million in 2012 assembling a squad containing big names like Spain 's double European champion Santiago Cazorla and Dutch defender Joris Mathijsen , but the many top players left as the club cut its costs .	Manuel Pellegrini says he will stand down as Malaga manager at the end of season The Chilean says he is moving on for "  sporting reasons " Pellegrini has been tipped to succeed Roberto Mancini at Manchester City UEFA says it will not impose second-year ban on Malaga after club meets financial rules
CNN  -- When U.S. President John F. Kennedy was assassinated nearly 50 years ago , he left behind a nation stunned by grief and brimming with questions . After his death , people poured out their heartbreak in letters and telegrams to his widow , Jacqueline Kennedy . "  Letters to Jackie : Condolences from a Grieving Nation , " a book by historian Ellen Fitzpatrick , highlights hundreds of the 1.5 million consolation letters sent to Jacqueline Kennedy . Young and old united in a grief that transcended racial , economic and political lines . Fitzpatrick combed through the archives of the JFK library to select about 250 condolence letters for the book . "  Dear Mrs. Kennedy , " wrote 8-year-old Kevin Radell . "  I am very sorry your husband got shot . ... Know you should forgive your enemies , but it is hard to forgive Lee Oswald . " Oswald , the accused assassin , was fatally shot days later . "  It was terrifying , " a now-grown Radell said of the president 's death . "  It was just a convergence of emotions -- of fear , because he was such a protector of the nation and such a leader , and we all loved him . He was a fatherly figure . " Radell 's sentiment years later is a common theme in the letters . "  One woman compared the assassination of President Kennedy with the crucifixion , " Fitzpatrick said . "  She said that ` they killed our Lord and Father , and now they have killed our president and father . ' " Martha Ross , the daughter of a slave , wrote of the closeness she felt with the president and addressed his two children in her letter , saying their father was "  my friend . " "  You know even those people that did n't like him ... loved him , " said Winston Lucky , Ross 's grandson . "  He was a strong man . My grandmother , she always talked about that he was going to help set this country right . " One letter from a cabdriver ends with a question : "  Why , why I 'm still asking myself why ? " the driver writes . A month after the president was shot in Dallas , Texas , on Nov. 22 , 1963 , Jacqueline Kennedy acknowledged the letters . "  All of you who have written to me know how much we loved him , and he would return that love , " she said in December . Kennedy was president from 1961 to 1963 . Jacqueline Kennedy died in 1994 . At her funeral , her son summed her up in one sentence : "  Love of words , the bonds of home and family , and her spirit of adventure . "	1.5 million letters were sent to Jacqueline Kennedy after JFK 's assassination New book highlights 250 letters ; people 's grief transcended racial , economic , political lines Boy , 8 , wrote : "  I am very sorry your husband got shot ... hard to forgive Lee Oswald '
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Sandeep Parikh , Jeff Lewis and Sean Becker were fresh from their raucous "  The Guild " panel at Dragon * Con when they sat down with CNN to answer our fan-oriented questions . It was their first time at Dragon * Con , and the crowds did not disappoint . One fan in the question line even dressed as Lewis ' "  Vork " character from the "  Game On " video , eight arms and all ! Here 's what they had to say about "  The Guild , " gaming and what happens when Felicia Day makes you play "  World of Warcraft . " CNN : How psyched were all of you when the "  Game On " video bumped Katy Perry off the top of iTunes ? Parikh : Stoked ! Lewis : I 'm OK with , I mean , I do n't hate Katy Perry . Parikh : I did get to tweet something like , "  I finally got on top of Katy Perry . " Becker : I screen-grabbed the hell out of that page on iTunes . Parikh : It 's just so cool . We do n't have a record label ; we do n't have anyone besides ourselves , Felicia , Kim , George Ruiz and some other folks that are pushing our show . It 's very grass-roots . Microsoft -LSB- "  The Guild " sponsor -RSB- is not like , "  here 's a budget for marketing . " It does n't really happen . I mean , they do some internal marketing , but ultimately it 's up to us to push our own stuff . So , to be in the same breath as , you know , Justin Bieber and all these people and to watch our video climb the charts ... Becker : We 've done the work , and now it 's the fans who are deciding and buying . I mean , it happened with "  Date My Avatar , " too . That was No. 1 . We got No. 1 on Pop . Parikh : We were 2 overall ; we could n't beat Kenny Chesney . Becker : Who came out with a video the exact same day about football . Lewis : Nobody can beat him . Becker : And we put that thing together in like a month total , from writing it to recording it to filming it to editing it . It had to be quick . And it was in the middle of all the season four stuff we were currently doing , too . So it was really ambitious , but I think we 're all happy with how it turned out . CNN : Fans will want to know , what did Zaboo do with the dancers once it was all over ? Parikh : With the hour that I had them for , or the 58 minutes that I had left on the clock ? We had some improvs where I was like , "  I do n't pay them not to dance , DANCE !! " I do n't know , I think Zaboo probably just kind of danced around with them , learned more about their history and background , took blood samples and , like , added them to his database . Becker : Sounds like another viral hit ! Parikh : That 's what I think Zaboo would do . He 's very friendly , so he would want to get to know them . He would just ask very invasive , personal questions . CNN : Sandeep and Jeff , you both do a very good job portraying very specific types of gamers . How did you research your roles ? Lewis : For me , I did n't really understand a lot of the stuff when I read the pilot , so I went on and played . Felicia got me membership into it , into "  World of Warcraft , " and I went on and played . And I came back a few weeks later and said , "  Oh , now I understand it . Now I understand the phrases and the words and all that stuff , all the three-letter things that people say . " Parikh : QQ more nub -LSB- which in "  World of Warcraft " circles is a way of making fun of new players . The two Qs look like crying eyes . -RSB- And for me , I read a lot of fantasy and grew up playing some RPG games and some Ultima and stuff like that . I did n't play WoW specifically . In fact , I specifically stayed away from it because I did n't want the addiction . And someone had already written a funny show about it , so I could n't turn that addiction into something profitable , like Felicia -LSB- Day -RSB- did . So I did n't play WoW specifically , but I knew all the terms , roughly what they meant , and Felicia filled us in with stuff we did n't know . But we all got subscriptions . The president of Blizzard -LSB- the game company that distributes "  World of Warcraft " -RSB- was a fan of the show after the first couple seasons . We got a tour , and everybody there was awesome to us . They were into it and into the show . That was cool . And we all got free subscriptions to play around and got hooked for a little while . I can say that I 'm not hooked on WoW anymore . It was intense for about two months , but then the real world came calling . I like to play games that I can beat , that have a beginning , middle and end . So that 's what I play these days , mostly XBox stuff . CNN : So none of you mentioned "  Ever-crack . " Parikh : Yeah , I stayed away from "  EverQuest " too . We actually appeared in the "  EverQuest " documentary called "  EverCrack . " We shot on set of "  The Guild " just a tiny little thing where we 're playing hard-core fans with the creators of "  EverQuest . " But I did n't actually get into that game either . "  EverQuest " was really hot during the end of my college years , so I was like trying to get good grades . But if that stuff was out in high school , I would have been toast . CNN : Of you three , who has the maddest keyboard skills , and who has the maddest controller skills ? Becker : I have zero keyboard skills . I do n't play any computer games . I only play console stuff . Lewis : I have the keyboard skills , just for playing WoW for a year straight after I got addicted . So , definitely me . Parikh : I do n't know , I played like the old , the "  King 's Quests " and those games , so my keyboard skills are probably pretty raw . Now , I like playing with my XBox and my Wii . Soon , hopefully , I 'll have no controller and be playing with that new thing Microsoft has , Kinect , which would be rad . Lewis : Yeah , I 've been switching over to XBox and DS and PSP Parikh : We sound like total ... Becker : Let 's name every system . Lewis : Yeah , I 've got an N64 . Becker : Virtual boy . Parikh : See , I feel like I have to segment my life . My computer is for work/stalking my friends on Facebook . And my console is for gaming . CNN : How do you create buzz for your online series ? Now that "  The Guild " and "  The Legend of Neil " have momentum behind them , is it easier now than it used to be ? Becker : The audience for "  The Guild " has continued to grow and grow and grow , but at first it was just a community of gamers . Then it was people outside of gaming . I direct the show , and I do n't play "  Warcraft . " I 've never played "  Warcraft , " and I 'm a big fan of the show . I understand the characters and what 's going on , and I have a lot of friends who do the exact same . But one thing we 've been doing lately are these music videos . When "  Do you want to date my avatar " came out , all of a sudden we had a whole new crop of people who saw the video and loved it , but they did n't know that it was part of a show . And then now we 've got the "  Game On " video , which did the same thing -- people just wanted to watch this fun video , but then it 's like , "  oh , wait , this is part of a series . " Lately , people have been -- even here at Dragon * Con -- people tell me , "  Oh , I just got into your show . " Parikh : Whether it 's through Netflix or XBox , every new place we distribute we find new fans . Becker : Actually , the Netflix thing is huge , because people take it more seriously . You may look at it and think , "  oh , this is just a Web show , " but then you see , "  this is a Netflix show , " and it 's on a DVD . Parikh : And it holds up . You watch it on your TV , and it 's shot very well , it 's lit well , and it can look like a TV show , really , or a movie . So keeping the production value very high is important . Lewis : And we 're lucky , too . The next projects we do from this day forward , we can ride the coattails of "  The Guild . " We have the fanbase , so we can do the online buzz , but we also have the fans from "  The Guild " and "  Legend of Neil " to take advantage of , too . CNN : What 's the difference between a nerd and a geek ? Lewis : God , that 's a good question . I envision this , I do n't know if this is right or not , but a nerd to me is a guy who like in high school has pimples and maybe glasses and sort of socially awkward . Whereas a geek to me is anybody who 's doing something that 's not the general norm . Becker : Like , a geek embraces it , maybe ? I 've always thought of nerd as someone who 's into nerdy stuff , pop culture stuff like comics . I think a geek is someone who embellishes . Parikh : For me , I feel like a nerd is more knowledgeable about their geekdom . Lewis : Maybe even arrogant ? Becker : Where a geek is more of a fan , maybe ? Parikh : Yeah , that 's it . If you 're a nerd , it 's because you know something . You 're a nerd about that . But if you 're a geek about it , that means you just love it .	"  The Guild " created "  Game On " in about a month and landed at the top of the iTunes chart Jeff Lewis , who plays Vork on "  The Guild , " is not ashamed of his WOW addiction Sandeep Parikh says his character , Zaboo , on "  The Guild " is very friendly , just invasive
CNN  -- As a concept , recycling has lived and died many times throughout its 4,000-year old history . But it always re-emerges as an idea when humans need it most , such as during the Great Depression , and later during World War II , when American companies recycled or reused around 25 percent of the waste stream . A sign in Cheshire , England signalling a recycling drop-off area . Today , the global recycling industry generates $ 160 billion a year , processing more than 500 million tons of materials . The industry is becoming one of the world 's biggest employers . While the official amount of people employed by the industry is 1.5 million worldwide , the real figure -- when you factor in illegal recycling operations in the developing world -- is likely to be much , much higher . The United Nations believes , for example , that as many as 10 million people in China alone are now in the recycling business . What 's not to like about recycling ? There are some fairly persuasive arguments for recycling , and for using recycled goods . Energy savings is just one of them . By reusing existing materials you are essentially removing the process involved in sourcing the "  virgin materials " in the first place . Take soda cans , made from aluminum . According to Friends of the Earth , creating a ton of these from scratch takes five times the amount of energy as it would to produce a ton of recycled cans . According to the Bureau of International Recycling  BIR  , the companies that manufacture recycled aluminum are using 95 percent less energy than if they were using "  virgin materials . "  For plastics the energy savings are almost as high -- 80 percent , BIR says , while making paper from recycled paper  as opposed to wood  can save 64 percent of energy . Looking at it another way , according to the National Recycling Coalition , the amount of energy saved in one year by Americans recycling their soda cans , plastic containers , newspapers and packaging represented the energy equivalent of : Not surprisingly , recycling also impacts pollution levels . BIR says producing paper from recycled paper as opposed to wood can slash air pollution by as much as 74 percent and water pollution by 35 percent ; while manufacturing recycled steel results in 86 percent less air pollution . There are different types of pollution savings to be made , reducing the pollution generated by manufacturing the stuff in the first place . And then there is the pollution that results in dumping the waste in landfills , instead of recycling it . A recent report from the European Environment Agency  EEA  , for example , has predicted that greenhouse gas emissions from household waste will drop by more than 80 percent by 2020 -- largely because of increases in recycling levels which are diverting waste away from landfills . And the carbon savings can be huge , even when a relatively small amount of effort has been made . The UK has one of Europe 's lowest recycling rates when it comes to municipal waste -- 27 percent . Yet , the impact on its carbon emissions has already become worthwhile , according to Waste & Resources Action Programme , or WRAP . WRAP says that these relatively minor efforts already mean a 10 million - to 15 million-ton reduction in carbon dioxide  CO2  emissions a year -- the equivalent of taking 3.5 million cars off the road . What about the costs ? One of the main objections to the recycling movement has been the cost factor . Throwing something away is obviously going to be a lot cheaper than going through the hassle of recycling it . And certain materials are going to be a lot tougher to recycle than others , driving up costs and energy spent . But , as a 2004 study by research group GPI Atlantic found out , there are many different ways to measure cost . GPI looked at the Canadian province of Nova Scotia , which back in the 1990s had decided that 50 percent of its trash was going to get recycled instead of landing up in incinerators or landfills . The annual cost to the province of doing this was $ 18 million more than it would have cost to chuck trash away . But , when different factors were considered , the number looked very different These factors included : GPI concluded that Nova Scotia was in fact saving up to $ 125 million simply because it had embraced recycling . The developing world 's gain ? Arguably , recycling has seen the most economic success in the poorer parts of the world . According to the Earth Institute , the aluminum can recycling business in Brazil now employs more people than its car industry . Brazilians collecting used soda cans have boosted their earning power significantly , earning $ 200 a month against the standard minimum $ 81 monthly salary . Then there are the inhabitants of a single 174-hectare slum in India 's largest city , Mumbai , that have managed to create a $ 1.3 billion recycling industry between them , according to the Observer . Dharavi is home to one million slum dwellers , with a quarter of them fully employed  albeit often illegally  in a recycling business which processes 80 percent of Mumbai 's plastic waste alone . "  There is a lot to be learned from the developing world , " the Observer quoted Friends of the Earth 's Claire Wilton as saying . "  Where a scavenger mentality , grassroots recycling and sheer necessity can lead to imaginative leaps in redeploying waste . " That being said , the economic impact may be welcomed by those in poorer countries sifting through everyone 's trash -- but the health impact still leaves a lot to be desired . Around 70 percent of the world 's electronic waste ends up in southern China . A recent study by Hong Kong 's Baptist University found that the basic methods employed to recycle these items was having an unsettling effect on people living nearby , specifically women . Women in their mid-20s in one recycling site in Zheijiang Province were found to be carrying the highest levels of cancer-causing toxic chemicals like dioxins and furans than they had seen anywhere else in the world . It is still too early to say what the long-term effects of these chemicals will be on these women , but it is likely that it will become clear when they attempt to have children . Dioxins and furans have been linked to reproductive problems specifically . The researchers found that the women had twice the amount of dioxins in their breast milk and three times as much in their placentas as normal . They were also found to be at increasing risk of experiencing spontaneous abortions the longer they chose to live there . E-mail to a friend Source : The Observer ; Friends of the Earth ; The Independent ; California Environmental Protection Agency ; National Recycling Coalition ; New Scientist ; BIR ; The Economist ; Bureau of International Recycling ; UNEP ; Wired	Recycling as a movement 4,000 years old More than 500 million tons of material recycled every year Recycling a boom industry in developing world Health risks arising from poor recycling operations in China
CNN  -- A former Rwandan minister was sentenced Thursday to 35 years in prison after being found guilty by a U.N. tribunal of genocide , incitement to genocide and rape as a crime against humanity . Augustin Ngirabatware was the country 's planning minister at the time of the 1994 genocide in Rwanda , which left some left 800,000 people dead . His is the last trial to be held by the U.N. International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda , which was set up to prosecute those suspected of genocide and other serious rights violations . Read more : Rwanda closes tribunals overseeing genocide prosecutions The victims were mostly from the Tutsi ethnic minority , who were targeted by Hutus over a rivalry that dates to colonial days . Some moderates from the Hutu majority who supported Tutsis were also killed . The tribunal found Ngirabatware , 55 , guilty of directly and publicly inciting the killing of Tutsis at a roadblock in February 1994 , and of distributing weapons that were used to kill Tutsis in Nyamyumba commune in April of that year . He was also convicted of "  participating in a joint criminal enterprise ... whose members shared the common purpose of destroying , in whole or in part , the Tutsi ethnic group , and exterminating the Tutsi civilian population in Nyamyumba commune . " Read more : Film pioneer helps Rwanda build new identity Ngirabatware was found guilty as well of repeated rapes of a Tutsi woman through this joint criminal enterprise . The former minister was detained in Germany in 2007 and transferred for trial at the tribunal in 2009 . He will be given credit for time served in detention . "  The delivery of judgment today in this case marks a historic occasion and important milestone in the work of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda , " said chief prosecutor Justice Hassan Bubacar Jallow . Read more : Genocide survivor leads the way for Rwanda 's Olympic athletes He said over the past 18 years , the tribunal indicted 93 people for genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes in Rwanda . Of those , 83 have been arrested , with 75 of them prosecuted to judgment , he said . Convictions resulted for 65 of those tried , while 10 of the accused were acquitted . Three died after indictment . Ten others were referred to national jurisdictions for trial and a handful remain fugitives . "  It has taken considerable effort , dedication and diligence by several parties for this outcome , amongst them the governments and law enforcement authorities of some 21 countries , " Jallow said . He also praised the more than 3,000 witnesses from several countries who testified at trial despite significant challenges . "  We hope that the ICTR has through the execution of its mandate made a difference : a difference in ensuring accountability for those who played a leading role in the tragedy of 1994 in Rwanda ; in contributing to justice , reconciliation and respect for the rule of law in Rwanda ; in demonstrating the viability and effectiveness of the process of international legal accountability for international crimes , " Jallow said . A number of appeals are still outstanding at the tribunal .	Former planning minister Augustin Ngirabatware is given 35 years in prison He is convicted of genocide , inciting genocide and rape as a crime against humanity His trial is the last to be held at the U.N. International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda The chief prosecutor praises all those who 've helped bring perpetrators to justice
The long-awaited peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians resumed Wednesday evening in Jerusalem , a senior Palestinian official told CNN -- three years after the last direct negotiations stalled over the issue of settlements in disputed territory . As a gesture of goodwill , Israel began releasing more than two dozen Palestinian prisoners late Tuesday on the eve of new peace talks that have been complicated by Israeli plans for new housing in East Jerusalem . Some of the Palestinians had been held for more than 20 years . But as the vans rolled away , a group of demonstrators waved signs condemning the release , complaining that the prisoners had Israeli blood on their hands . The prisoner release came after Israel said it would forge ahead with a plan to build 900 housing units in East Jerusalem , which the Palestinians hope will be the capital of their future state . Opinion : Why Netanyahu 's dark world view clouds peace prospects The issue of Israeli settlements derailed the last round of direct talks in 2010 , and critics of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu say building on disputed territory could derail the new talks . "  Netanyahu has to decide which government he is heading : a government that is trying to reach a peace agreement , or a government that is trying to undermine all possibilities of this agreement , " said Shelly Yachimovich , head of the Labor Party and the Israeli opposition . In January , the United Nations Human Rights Council said Israeli settlements amount to "  creeping annexation " of Palestinian territories by Israel and have taken a "  heavy toll " on the rights and sovereignty of Palestinians . And in Washington , where American leaders have pushed both sides to return to the table , the State Department said it had "  serious concerns " with the new announcement . "  We 've encouraged both sides broadly speaking to refrain from taking steps that could undermine trust . We said that from the beginning , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . "  We 've also been clear that these are complicated issues , and there will be bumps in the road . " Daoud Kuttab , a columnist for the online Middle Eastern news site Al-Monitor , said the released prisoners are a bargaining chip to make sure the Palestinians do n't back out of the talks despite their anger over new settlements . Opinion : Five ways to tell is peace talks are serious "  They 're trapped , and Mahmoud Abbas has egg on his face today because he ca n't get out of the talks , " Kuttab told CNN . Both sides agreed to resume talks for nine months under American mediation , said Rami Khoury , a veteran Middle East analyst at the American University of Beirut . "  This is a significant gesture , so therefore you 're going to hear a lot of noise from both sides -- complaints , grievances , " Khoury said . "  But you can pretty much discount most of what you hear in public , because they 're both clearly committed to doing this for nine months . And we really need to give it time to see what 's going to happen . " Abbas and Netanyahu are "  hemmed in by domestic constraints , " leaving neither side likely to make significant changes on its own , Khoury said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said last week that "  many difficult choices " lie ahead for both sides , but held out hope that "  reasonable compromises " could be reached . Khoury called that a "  weak statement " that downplayed expectations for the talks . As a result , most observers have little hope that the talks will produce a breakthrough in the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict . But he said the U.S. role in the talks is a "  wild card " that could defy those expectations . "  What is the United States going to do ? " he asked . "  Will it push both sides ? Will it pressure them ? Will it cajole them ? Will it entice them , and will it make serious bridging and endgame proposals ? We have no idea about any of that . "	Talks resumed Wednesday evening , senior Palestinian official says Israel releases Palestinian prisoners ahead of new peace talks But Palestinians are angered by Israeli plans for new construction in East Jerusalem The issue of Israeli settlements derailed the last round of direct talks in 2010
CNN  You may know Mindy Kaling from Fox 's cult hit comedy "  The Mindy Project , " in which she plays Mindy Lahiri , a perky , quirky OB/GYN juggling her career and love life in New York .  Only in the Big Apple can a doctor not afford an apartment ! The show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation -- the first network sitcom created by and starring a woman of color -- and it looks likely to be renewed for the coming 2015-16 season . Recently , however , Kaling 's brother Vijay Chokalingam unveiled a project of his own , and while it has been getting a lot of attention , it has n't generated quite as many laughs -- either from observers or from his famous sibling , who told him it brought "  shame upon their family . " You see , Chokalingam revealed that , as an undergraduate at the University of Chicago , he engaged in a daring  his view  or ridiculous and offensive  pretty much everyone else  scam : He applied to medical school claiming to be African-American . Chokalingam had spent his college years as a "  hard-partying frat boy , " and achieved a less than stunning 3.1 GPA . Upon facing graduation and exploring his med school options , he realized that fellow Indian-Americans with his grades were getting turned down from the universities of his choice -- but that "  black , Hispanic , and Native American applicants with my grades and test scores were much more likely to gain acceptance . " This revelation led him to make the decision to pose as a black man , both to "  dramatically improve " his chances of admission , and to illustrate the unfair advantage that blacks and other underrepresented minorities receive when applying to prestigious schools . To accomplish this goal , Chokalingam shaved his head of its naturally wavy black locks , trimmed his "  long Indian-American eyelashes , " checked "  black " under the optional race/ethnicity declaration and submitted his application to 14 schools under his childhood nickname "  JoJo . " He received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 schools , results that he claims support the notion that African-Americans garner special privileges that are unavailable to whites or Asians . And now that the statute of limitations on his act of fraud has expired , he 's looking to write a book on his experiences , titled "  Almost Black : The True Story of an Indian American Who Got Into Medical School Pretending to Be an African American . " What 's truly curious is that even if you agree with Chokalingam that affirmative action is merely a form of "  systematic racism , " when all is said and done , it offers very little evidence of the "  privilege " that he claims is accorded to black , Hispanic and Native American candidates . Chokalingam had mediocre grades and MCATs , but he graduated from one of the most prestigious schools in the nation . Yet even while representing himself as black , Chokalingam received only a single admission offer , to St. Louis University 's School of Medicine , which falls somewhere between 57th and 67th in national rankings . Harvard , University of Pennsylvania , Columbia and all the higher ranked schools he applied to rejected him . Meanwhile , he admits , pretending to be black came with disadvantages . He found himself being accused of shoplifting by store clerks and harassed by cops -- who would regularly stop him while driving and demand that he tell them how much his car cost , implying that he must have stolen it . These acts of very real prejudice , experienced regularly by blacks and Hispanics of all backgrounds -- multimillionaire comedian Chris Rock has recently been tweeting pictures of the occasions when he is pulled over by police for no reason -- did n't seem to dissuade Chokalingam from his adamant belief in the unfairness of a system that seeks to address the shockingly low numbers of minority health practitioners by providing some weight to race and ethnicity in decision-making . It 's not just a matter of what individual applicants "  deserve . " One-third of Americans are black , Hispanic or Native American ; just one in 10 physicians are . Since minority medical practitioners are up to three times as likely to practice in their own communities , this lack of diversity has produced "  doctor deserts , " in which urban and rural ethnic enclaves across the nation go without access to primary care physicians . Years ago , when I told my father -- a doctor from a long line of doctors -- that I did n't want to follow in his footsteps , he told me that was fine , because medicine is a service trade , and anyone not interested in serving should avoid the profession . A medical degree is n't a reward to be earned , he said , but a responsibility to be accepted . Which really cuts to the heart of what 's so sad about Chokalingam 's racial farce . Like others who 've recently been exposed for falsely claiming racial identities -- including putative presidential candidate Jeb Bush , who registered himself as "  Hispanic " on a 2009 voter form , and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , who was excoriated during her campaign for having claimed Native American ancestry in the past -- Chokalingam wanted to claim the fruits of racial affiliation without having to carry black people 's burden . Race is n't just about color or blood ; it is about the collective experiences and inherited cultural context and present-day condition of a community of people . Many of the markers of race are persistently corrosive ; others are deeply painful . Affirmative action programs are a means of redress for these awful realities of our nation 's history ; an imperfect one , but necessary . There are some fields where the imbalances might never correct themselves on their own . Industries like health care and Hollywood . Because what 's most ironic about Chokalingam 's decision to ride on his sister 's coattails in telling his story : While Asians are well represented in medicine , our numbers are vanishingly low in the entertainment and media world , and until the recent breakthrough of modern pioneers like Mindy Kaling , it was impossible to imagine film and television that included our faces , voices and stories . Kaling 's immense talent and charisma made her a star . But it was a quota-based affirmative action initiative -- NBC 's Diversity Writers Program -- that gave her a start .	Mindy Kaling 's brother Vijay Chokalingam pretended to be black to get into med school Jeff Yang : That 's offensive and ironic , considering that minorities experience many disadvantages
CNN  -- A year ago , few outside of Wasilla , Alaska , had ever heard of Levi Johnston . All that changed last summer when Gov. Sarah Palin accepted the Republican vice presidential nomination . On "  Larry King Live " on Wednesday , Levi Johnston talks about his relationship with the Palin family . Soon after she entered the national spotlight , it was learned the conservative governor 's teenaged daughter , Bristol , was pregnant with Levi 's baby . The Johnston-Palin family saga has been in the news ever since . In a "  Larry King Live " exclusive interview Wednesday night , Johnston , along with his mother , Sherry , and sister , Mercede , talked about baby Tripp , why he 's not seeing much of his son , what his legal intentions are and the Johnstons ' ambiguous relationship with the Palins . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : How are you handling all of this attention ? Levi Johnston : We 've got people camped outside the house and in front of my sister 's school and that kind of thing . It 's pretty crazy . King : Are you surprised at it ? Johnston : I lived back in a small town . So I mean I never thought that would ever happen to me . And when she -LSB- Sarah Palin -RSB- finally told , everybody that Bristol was pregnant and stuff , I did n't think it was going to get this rough . King : Did the Palin family seem close-knit ? What was it like for you dating in the atmosphere of the governor 's daughter ? Johnston : They always treated me like a son . They were real nice to me . And I thought of her -LSB- Sarah Palin -RSB- as like my second mother . You know , Todd was always a great guy and helped me out with a lot of things . King : When it began to be sexual and romantic -LSB- with Bristol -RSB- , did the governor know ? Johnston : You know , I 'm not sure . That 's a question I ca n't really answer . But , you know , I think ... King : What do you think ? Johnston : You know , she says she -LSB- did n't -RSB- know . But I do n't know . I think she 'd probably know , you know ? Watch Levi Johnston 's interview with Larry King " King : What about her husband ? Do you think he knew ? Johnston : I would think so . King : Where did sex occur ? In their house ? Johnston : You know , Larry , that I 'm a gentleman . And I do n't kiss and tell . So I do n't think that really matters . King : You said you practiced safe sex most of the time , right ? Johnston : Right . King : We know that one time that did n't happen . Were you surprised at the pregnancy ? Johnston : A little bit , yes . It came as a bit of a shock . King : How did you tell Sarah ? Johnston : We went over there and we had one of Bristol 's friends over there . And we all kind of sat down on the couch and we ended up telling her that way . King : What did she say ? Johnston : She was shocked . I mean she probably did n't really know what to say . No mother wants to hear that her her daughter is pregnant at 18 years old . King : When the baby , Tripp , was born , was there ever a thought that you would not be the active father of that child ? Johnston : No . King : So what happened ? Johnston : I do n't know what happened . I think somewhere along the lines , we just were n't hitting it off anymore and ... King : But they wo n't let you see your kid ? Johnston : No . I can go over there and see him . But it 's kind of an uncomfortable thing for me to go over there . You know , I want to be able to take him and do that kind of thing , go do the father thing with him and I ca n't . King : Why ca n't you ? Johnston : You know , I 'm not sure . King : Do you have a lawyer ? Johnston : No . King : Why not ? Johnston : We 're not in a big fight with the Palins . I still like the family very much . I think we can work things out . I do n't think either one of us want to go to lawyers and try to fight for custody and stuff like this . King : But then why ca n't you take your baby for a weekend ? Johnston : I do n't know . King : But you 're not interested in finding out legally why you can ? Johnston : I am . If it keeps going like this , I think we 're going to have to . ... King : Now , -LSB- upon -RSB- further reflection , you might have a lawyer ? Johnston : Yes , I do . King : OK . So are you afraid that saying you have a lawyer might anger the Palins ? Johnston : I do n't want to stir anything up ... King : When was the last time you saw Tripp ? Johnston : A couple weeks ago . King : Do you call the house to see how he is ? Johnston : Yes . I call and check up on him every once in a while . And , you know , she -LSB- Bristol -RSB- keeps the talk short , you know . But I do check up on him . King : She -LSB- Bristol -RSB- seems to be really ticked . Is there something you did ? Johnston : That might be the case , but I do n't see what it would be . King : In other words , you have no idea why she 's angry ? Johnston : No . I think it has a lot to do with her and my sister . She -LSB- Bristol -RSB- does n't trust who she hangs out with . King : Have you spoken to the governor ? Johnston : I have n't talked to her for quite a while , actually . King : Well , would n't you want to know what part she 's playing in not letting her daughter see your son ? Johnston : Yes , that would be nice . I mean , my dad talks to Todd a lot . And after we did that first interview with Tyra -LSB- Banks -RSB- , he has n't -- he has n't called , you know . And they just pretty much blew us off . So it 's just getting worse . King : Is there any chance the two of you could get together again ? Johnston : You know , I do n't see that ever happening . I just hope that we can come to an understanding and become friends and raise this baby together . King : We told the Palin camp that Levi Johnston would be our guest tonight and asked for a comment . We got this response today from Megan Stapleton , the Palin family spokesperson : "  Bristol is focused on going to college , raising Tripp and advocating abstinence . " -LSB- Levi 's mother and sister join the interview -RSB- King : All right , Sherry , What do you make of all of this ? Sherry Johnston , Levi 's mother : It 's a whirlwind . I still have n't grasped my whole mind around all this . King : Were you mad at the pregnancy , angry ? Sherry Johnston : No . No , I was n't . King : Why not ? Sherry Johnston : He 's talked about babies a lot since him and Bristol has been together . And he 's always been playing with kids . And I 've always wanted to be a grandma ever since mine grew up , so ... King : What went wrong , do you think ? Sherry Johnston : I 'm still trying to figure that out . King : Do you think you might have been in the equation , Mercede , since Levi said that Bristol did n't like you ? Mercede Johnston , Levi 's sister : I 'm not too sure . I think it 's a big part because of my friends . But I do n't understand why . King : What kind of friends ? Mercede Johnston : Friends that have previously dated my brother , they still talk . And there 's kind of a jealousy issue between her and my friends . King : Somebody is not letting your son see your grandson . You 've got to go somewhere with that . Sherry Johnston : Well , that 's what we 're all trying to find out , what to do . King : Have you contacted them ? Sherry Johnston : Not personally . I have talked to Bristol , seeing if I could take Tripp , come over and get him , bring him to the house . But that has n't happened . King : What did she say ? Sherry Johnston : She said that she would call me back . King : And did n't ? Sherry Johnston : No . King : Do you have a guess as to why they 're being this way ? Sherry Johnston : I do n't know . Things started changing different , I would say , I noticed in November . Things were starting to chill down , not getting as friendly and I 'm not sure -LSB- why -RSB- ... King : Now , he says you do have a lawyer ? Sherry Johnston : Yes , we do . We want to keep this on the lowdown and , you know , not start trouble . But , obviously , if things do n't change , that 's our next action when we get back ... King : An e-mail question from Russell in Wilson , Oklahoma , "  Levi , how much child support do you have to pay each month ? " Levi Johnston : I 'm not doing any child support right now until we go to court . I have everything my boy needs back home : diapers , toys , everything . King : Sherry , in December , shortly before Tripp 's birth , you were arrested on drug charges , right ? What is the status of that case ? Sherry Johnston : I ca n't go there right now . When I have my day in court , then I would love to be able to set the record straight . There 's a lot of misconception out there , but I ca n't go any further than that right now . King : And you 're through with high school , right ? Or are n't you ? Levi Johnston : No , I have n't taken my final test , no . King : Are you going to do that ? Levi Johnston : Yes .	Levi Johnston tells Larry King he is uncomfortable going to visits to see son Johnston first tells King he has n't gotten a lawyer , then later says he has gotten one Johnstons say relationship with the Palins have turned frosty , not sure why Levi 's sister , Mercede , talks about her turbulent relationship with Bristol Palin
CNN  -- A South Florida teenager accused of killing and mutilating 19 cats excitedly described to police how he dissected cats in class , and where to find cats for experimentation , according to police . Tyler Weinman laughed when police told him they had information he was the cat killer , an arrest document said . When Miami-Dade police told Tyler Hayes Weinman someone was killing cats in the neighborhood , the 18-year-old reacted by laughing , according to a newly released arrest affidavit made public Monday . Most of the cats were found in their owners ' yards . "  One appeared to be posed with a slit down the middle of its stomach , " the affidavit states . On Monday , Weinman pleaded not guilty to more than 40 criminal counts , including multiple charges of felony animal cruelty and burglary . He is out of jail on $ 249,500 bond and under house arrest wearing an electronic monitor , but is being held for 48 hours for a psychiatric evaluation . The teen 's attorney David Macey said there was a "  lynch mob " after his innocent client and accused Judge Mindy Glazer of "  prejudging " Weinman . "  He did not kill the cats , " Macey told reporters outside the courtroom . "  The individual who committed this crime is still running around out there . " The arrest affidavit , which a judge gave prosecutors until Monday to make public , reads like a grisly horror movie and indicates Weinman was knowledgeable of and fascinated with dissection of cats . During questioning , according to the affidavit , a detective told the teenager that police were informed he was involved in the cat slayings . Weinman replied he heard about the cats and that he told his mother . He told police that a school he had been expelled from was the only school in Miami-Dade that taught how to dissect using cats , according to the affidavit . The teenager went on to offer several other bizarre and unsubstantiated trivia , including saying that Mexico is the only source for cats used for dissection and describing their size . Weinman "  became excited and animated " as he told the detective about cat dissection research he had discovered on the Internet , the affidavit states . "  Weinman was asked to expound on what he meant and he repeated , with noted excitement , ` It just makes a certain sound , a tearing sound , " says the affidavit . The detective asked Weinman what tools might be used to commit animal cruelty , and teenager replied , "  I do n't know , but I 'm sure they are very well hidden . " How did he think the cats were being captured ? The teen answered , "  They have to be either tranquilized or poisoned . " Weinman came to the attention of authorities in late April , the affidavit states , as cats began to go missing in a suburban Dade County neighborhood called Whispering Pines just outside Miami , Florida . Police had a few times seen Weinman walking and skateboarding in the middle of the night in the area , at least once wearing black clothing and carrying a dark backpack . Detectives stopped the teenager and told him about the dead cats . Weinman responded by laughing , according to the arrest affidavit . He was not held at that time . In May , the teenager was pulled over for a traffic violation and police found a "  cutting instrument " on the ground beside his car . According to the affidavit , as an officer questioned the teen , he noticed what appeared to be a cat scratch on his arm . "  I got them from a stray cat that I feed at my mom 's house , " Weinman said . The teen "  was eager to show " the scratches and took off his shirt so that photographs could be taken , according to the questioning detective 's account , which is detailed in the affidavit . The teenager 's divorced parents lived in separate neighborhoods , according to police . His mother resides in Cutler Bay . His father lives in Palmetto Bay , further north of Miami . According to the arrest affidavit , shortly after the teenager talked to police about dissecting cats , he went to live with his father who restricted his son 's access to a car . The killings shifted north as eight dead cats turned up in Palmetto Bay , police said . At that point , police provided the teen 's profile to the Miami-Dade Police Department 's Psychological Services Section . Staff doctors met and discussed the case . They determined that the cat killer was likely male and suffered from some kind of conduct disorder . If the killer was an adult , they concluded , that person would be classified as a sociopath . In late May , police then got a court order to place a tracking device on the Honda Civic driven by Weinman . The affidavit states the car was tracked to the latest feline victim which had been skinned along the abdomen from the pelvic area to the hind legs . The pelt and genitalia were missing . The cat killings became headline news across the country . Around that time , Weinman joined a Facebook page called "  Catch-The-Cat-Killer . " The teenager is charged with 19 counts of felony animal cruelty , 19 counts of improperly disposing of an animal body and four counts of burglary . He 's pleaded not guilty to all of the charges . Kimberly Segal contributed to this report .	Police : Tyler Weinman described research he did on finding cats to dissect Affidavit : 18-year-old laughed when police asked him about being the cat killer Weinman is charged with 19 counts of animal cruelty and is on house arrest
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A claim that several dozen glass plates bought for $ 45 at a garage sale were negatives from Ansel Adams brought an angry response of disbelief from the man who oversees the famed photographer 's trust . Adams ' grandson is also unconvinced . Matthew Adams , who runs the Ansel Adams Gallery , said even if they are authenticated , they are not worth much beyond their historical value . The art dealer who placed their eventual value at more than $ 200 million said Wednesday that the controversy is increasing their value by "  driving the market to them . " "  They 're making them so desirable , " said David W. Streets . "  People all over the world are seeing this and saying ' I want one of each . ' " That controversy took a bitter turn a day after California wall painter Rick Norsigian and his lawyer held a news conference at Streets ' Beverly Hills art gallery to say they have proof the negatives were created by Ansel Adams . William Turnage , the managing trustee of Adams ' trust , called Norsigian and those working with him "  a bunch of crooks " who "  are pulling a big con job . " Norsigian 's lawyer , Arnold Peter , called Turnage 's attack "  a shameful and pointless disparagement of the professional reputations of some of the top leaders in their respective fields . " The team of experts included two court-qualified handwriting experts , a retired FBI agent , and a former assistant United States attorney , Peter said . Peter said that based on the overwhelming evidence they gathered "  no reasonable person would have any doubt that these , in fact , were the long-lost images of Ansel Adams . " Turnage , who was Adams ' business manager before his death in 1984 , challenged the expertise of Norsigian 's team , saying the only one with art credentials was a "  so-called expert that nobody has ever heard of from Jackson Hole , Wyoming . " "  They had to go out into the boonies to dig him up , " Turnage said . Norsigian 's lawyer responded by calling Turnage an "  elitist . " "  Ansel Adams would likely be shocked and appalled at such blatant arrogance and condescending commentary in his name , " Peter said . Turnage said Norsigian 's strategy is to line up a long list of hired experts to tell "  a big lie . " "  Hitler used that technique , " Turnage said . "  You do n't tell a small one . You tell a big one . " Peter said Turnage "  has converted a professional disagreement over works of art into a personal attack utilizing tactics that are grossly offensive and unconscionable . " "  Likening Rick Norsigian to Adolf Hitler is nothing more than yet another bullying tactics designed to silence Mr. Norsigian , " Peter said . The lawyer invited Matthew Adams and Turnage "  to engage in a meaningful dialogue and examine the evidence which they have consistently refused to do . " "  We now offer them yet another opportunity to jointly agree on and hire experts who are qualified to render a final opinion on the authenticity of the negatives , " Peter said . "  Any honest and fair assessment will lead to but one conclusion -- these are the lost negatives of Ansel Adams . " The approach was "  to put these negatives on trial " using a "  high burden of proof " to show that the 65 glass plates were created by Adams , the iconic American photographer whose images of the West inspired the country . "  I have sent people to prison for the rest of their lives for far less evidence than I have seen in this case , " said evidence and burden-of-proof expert Manny Medrano , who was hired by Norsigian to help authenticate the plates . "  In my view , those photographs were done by Ansel Adams . " Meanwhile , Matthew Adams said Wednesday , "  I do n't think that they 've proven that they are  authentic  . ... And I do n't know that you could ever prove that they are . " Adams , who reviewed Norsigian 's evidence last year , said he wanted more scientific tests , including carbon dating , to prove beyond a doubt that the work was that of his grandfather . He cited "  a number of inconsistencies , " including the conclusion by two handwriting analysts that notations on manila envelopes containing the plates were made by Ansel Adams ' wife , Virginia Adams . The envelopes had five misspellings of well-known Yosemite National Park landmarks , he said . "  Bridal Veil Falls " is misspelled twice as "  Bridal Vail Falls " and "  Happy Isles " is misspelled "  Happy Iles , " Adams said . Virginia Adams -- who spent most of her life in that area of California -- would have spelled those names correctly , he said . Handwriting experts Michael Nattenberg and Marcel Matley said they used Virginia Adams ' writing samples provided by her grandson to reach their conclusion that it was her penmanship . Matthew Adams said his belief that she was not the author of the notations is based on copies of the envelopes given to him by Peter . "  I just looked at them myself , " Adams said . "  I did not hire experts . " Norsigian 's team also said the locations of the photographs , which were taken around San Francisco and Yosemite , helped prove their case . "  The fact that these locations were well-known to Adams , and visited by him , further supports the proposition that all of the images in the collection were most probably created by Adams , " said art expert Robert Moeller . Matthew Adams said that circumstantial evidence was unconvincing , since several other highly skilled photographers were known to shoot at the same places around the same period . Even if Norsigian 's glass plates are authentic Ansel Adams photographs , they would have mostly historical value , "  not anywhere near " the $ 200 million estimate given by Streets , Adams said . Streets said his estimate was based on decades of print sales and rights fees . "  There will always be a demand for Ansel Adams ' work , " he said . "  The long-term potential is very easy to prove for these . " "  You ca n't print original photographs from them because Ansel 's not around to print them , " Matthew Adams said . "  Anything you make from them you would have to say is an unknown interpretation of something that may be Ansel 's . " The Ansel Adams Gallery is still producing prints , but with a printer who was trained by Adams . The iconic artist died in 1984 at the age of 82 . "  A lot of the magic that he created was in the darkroom making the print , " his grandson said . "  Ansel 's not around to tell us how he would have printed it . " Streets countered Adams , saying , "  It 's not a mysterious process . " "  There are master printmakers who are making prints today , " he said . Norsigian has contracted with Jesse Kallisher , whose prints hang in the Smithsonian and the Louvre museums , to produce original fine arts prints from the negatives , Streets said . While Matthew Adams is unconvinced , he does n't doubt that Norsigian is sincere in his belief that he has Ansel Adams negatives . "  I think that they do believe it , but I do n't think that they have proven it , " he said . He does n't agree , however , with Turnage 's charge that it 's a "  con job . " "  My take on it is that it is irresponsible to present them as Ansel 's , " Matthew Adams said . Norsigian , a painter for the Fresno school system , kept the glass plates under his pool table for four years before realizing they might be too valuable to store at home . He believes they were from Adams ' early career , a period that is not well documented since a 1937 darkroom fire destroyed 5,000 of his plates . "  It truly is a missing link of Ansel Adams and history and his career , " Streets said . Norsigian , who scours garage sales for antiques , was looking for a barber chair when he spotted two deteriorated boxes in the spring of 2000 . When he pulled one of the glass negatives out , he saw Yosemite . "  As a young man , I worked at Yosemite quite a bit . So , right away I recognized it as Yosemite , " Norsigian said . He bargained with the seller , finally negotiating the price for the boxes down from $ 70 to $ 45 . The owner said he bought them in the 1940s at a warehouse salvage sale in Los Angeles . It would be two years before Norsigian realized the photos might be from Adams , he said . After four years , he had done enough research to realize the plates could be valuable . He moved them from under his pool table and placed them in a bank vault . How these 6.5-inch x 8.5-inch glass plate negatives of famous Yosemite landscapes and San Francisco landmarks -- some of them showing fire damage -- might have made their way from Adams ' collection 70 years ago to a Southern California garage sale in 2000 can only be guessed . Photography expert Patrick Alt , who helped confirm the authenticity of the negatives , suspects Adams carried them to use in a photography class he was teaching in Pasadena , California , in the early 1940s . "  It is my belief that he brought these negatives with him for teaching purposes and to show students how to not let their negatives be engulfed in a fire , " Alt said . "  I think this clearly explains the range of work in these negatives , from very early pictorialist boat pictures , to images not as successful , to images of the highest level of his work during this time period . " Alt said it is impossible to know why Adams would store them in Pasadena and never reclaim them . For now , the photos will go on a tour of universities and museums , starting in October at Fresno State University , Norsigian said . "  I just hope everybody enjoys them , " he said . Norsigian said he has not spoken with the man who sold him the two boxes a decade ago . "  If he 's still around , I 'm afraid he may come looking for me , " he said . Norsigian , who is 64 , is still working but said he may retire this year .	NEW : Ansel Adams ' trustee says garage sale claim is a "  con job " NEW : The lawyer for the man who found photos calls Adams ' trustee an "  elitist " NEW : An appraiser says the controversy is fueling sales of photo prints Photographer 's grandson wants more tests before he accepts photos as Adams '
CNN  -- In a historic fine , HSBC will pay out a record $ 1.92 billion to U.S. authorities to settle money laundering accusations -- activities which have allegedly occurred with drug cartels in Mexico and terror-linked groups in Saudi Arabia . U.S. authorities declared HSBC , the UK 's biggest bank by market capitalization , in breach of a series of U.S. laws , including the Trading with the Enemy Act . "  We accept responsibility for our past mistakes . We have said we are profoundly sorry for them , and we do so again . The HSBC of today is a fundamentally different organization from the one that made those mistakes , " HSBC Group CEO Stuart Gulliver , said in a statement . On Monday , Standard Chartered , the UK 's second largest bank by market value , agreed to pay $ 327 million to settle U.S. Treasury Department charges of violating sanctions on transactions with Iran , Burma , Libya and Sudan between 2001 and 2007 . In August Standard Chartered paid $ 340 million to the state of New York 's Department of Financial Services to settle civil charges alleging it had concealed $ 250 billion in illegal transactions with Iran . But while this week 's fines are record fees , they are not earth-shattering when compared to the billions of dollars the banks boast in market values , assets and profits . According to Quartz , it will take HSBC a mere 41 days to earn back the $ 1.9 billion fine . "  These banks are big and you can argue that these kinds of settlements have some mitigating effect on risk-taking , " says Gary Biddle , professor of accounting at the University of Hong Kong . But "  HSBC has about a $ 123 billion market cap today so its  $ 1.9 billion  fine is about 1 % . This is not a huge amount . The stock price will vary that much in any given day anyway . " Indeed , HSBC 's share price appears to have not suffered in light of these charges . In Hong Kong trading , HSBC Holdings rose 0.31 % by mid-day Tuesday . Since news of HSBC 's allegations hit in mid-July , HSBC 's share price in Hong Kong has risen 16.3 % . In the same time period in London trading , its share price has risen nearly 15 % . Since the start of 2009 , there have been at least 21 instances where global banks and financial institutions have been fined -- predominantly by U.S. authorities . Cases include a $ 536 million fine against Credit Suisse in December 2009 for allowing clients in Iran , Libya and Cuba to conduct financial transactions ; a $ 335 million fine against Bank of America on racial discrimination charges in lending rates ; and a $ 619 million fine against ING Bank NV that involved a cover-up of fund transfers that violated U.S. sanctions against Cuba and Iran . Biddle says bank improprieties will continue as long as governments continue to back them -- fallout from the 2008 financial crisis when the U.S. labeled some banks : "  Too big to fail . " "  The obvious natural consequence of governments bailing out banks , or any industry for that matter , " says Biddle , "  is that executives are able to take on more risk  and  governments bailing out banks puts us all at risk . " The Dirty Dozen : Biggest fines of the banking world since 2009 1 . $ 1.9 billion , HSBC , December 2012 . Charge : Accused of money laundering activities tied to drug cartels in Mexico , terror-linked groups in Saudi Arabia . 2 . $ 667 million , Standard Chartered , August and December 2012 . Charge : Violating U.S. sanctions on transactions with Iran , Burma , Libya and Sudan . 3 . $ 619 million , ING Bank NV , June 2012 . Charge : Covering up fund transfers in violation of U.S. sanctions against Cuba , Iran . 4 . $ 536 million , Credit Suisse , December 2009 . Charge : Allowing clients in Iran , Libya , Sudan , Myanmar and Cuba to conduct financial transactions . 5 . $ 470 million , Barclays , November 2012 . Charge : Rigging electricity market . 6 . $ 450 million , Barclays , June 2012 . Charge : Manipulating bank Libor rates . 7 . $ 350 million , Lloyds TSB Group . Charge : Allowing Iranian and Sudanese clients access to the U.S. banking system . 8 . $ 335 million , Bank of America , December 2011 . Charge : Racial discrimination in lending rates . 9 . $ 298 million , Barclays , August 2010 . Charge : Allowing client payments from Cuba , Sudan . 10 . $ 275 million , JPMorgan Chase , February 2012 . Charge : Problems in mortgage servicing business . 11 . $ 233 million , Royal Bank of Scotland , June 2012 . Charge : Manipulating bank Libor rates . 12 . $ 207 million , Ally Financial , February 2012 . Charge : Problems in mortgage servicing business .	HSBC to pay record $ 1.92 billion to U.S. authorities to settle money laundering accusations "  We accept responsibility for our past mistakes , " says HSBC Group CEO Stuart Gulliver Standard Chartered agreed to pay $ 327 million to settle U.S. Treasury Department charges At least 21 global banks have paid millions in fines since 2009 for a variety of charges
CNN  -- Octuplets mom Nadya Suleman pleaded not guilty Friday to welfare fraud charges relating to allegations that she did not report money that she earned as a topless dancer and adult film actress , according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office . Suleman 's next court date is February 3 . On Monday , Los Angeles District Attorney Jackie Lacey said that while Suleman applied for public aid , the mother of 14 children "  allegedly failed to disclose that she was also getting checks for personal appearances and residuals from videos . " Suleman -- known in tabloids as "  Octomom " -- was not arrested , but was ordered to appear before an Los Angeles County judge for her initial arraignment , the DA said Monday . She was not taken into custody Friday The charges of one count of aid by misrepresentation and two counts of perjury by false application for aid accuse Suleman of not reporting nearly $ 30,000 in earnings . From June : Suleman books stripper gigs to save home Her work was no secret , though . Suleman , 38 , performed in adult videos and danced topless at a Florida strip club last year . "  This is not a new career for her , " her rep , Gina Rodriguez , told CNN in June when asked about her stripping gig . "  She is just promoting her new video . " An adult video featuring Suleman was released in June . Suleman revealed in April that she was so determined to build a future for her 14 young children that she would accept adult entertainment offers , although she would not touch another "  human 's flesh . " Suleman , who collected food stamps to feed her 14 young children , filed for bankruptcy in May , but the case was tossed out of court because of paperwork issues . Suleman dreams of building a business "  empire " that will pay for food , shelter and college educations for her 14 children , she told Turner . She ultimately hopes to become a role model for other women facing major struggles , she said . "  I 've got to win the battle , " she said . "  But right now , people do n't understand that . " The criminal complaint , filed by Deputy District Attorney William Clark with the public assistance fraud division , said Suleman applied for public assistance in Lancaster , California , in January 2013 . It alleges that she failed to report the extra income earned between in the first six months of last year . Suleman faces up to five years , eight months in prison if convicted , the prosecutor said . CNN 's Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	The mother of 14 is accused of taking welfare money while earning cash as a stripper Nadya Suleman pleaded not guilty Friday Her topless dancing and adult film work was no secret last year Welfare fraud charges could bring more than five years in prison
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid mistakenly called out "  no " Thursday when asked for his vote on the health care reconciliation bill , setting the chamber howling with laughter . Reid voted the wrong way when the clerk called for his vote , realized his error and quickly changed his vote to "  yes . " "  He did it again , " someone said amid laughter . Reid , who spent months persuading fellow senators to vote "  yes " on President Obama 's top domestic priority , made the same mistake December 24 when voting on the original health care bill . His office said Reid made the gaffe because he was so focused on getting health care passed . What 's fueling health care rage ? The reconciliation measure , also known as the "  fixes " bill , makes changes in the broader health care overhaul measure that Obama enacted Tuesday . The Senate had to vote again on health care after Republicans forced two minor provisions involving student loan funding to be stripped from the bill . The final vote was 56-43 for approval , after which it was sent to the House , which also passed the measure . The "  fixes " bill now goes to Obama to be signed into law . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Sen. Harry Reid mistakenly votes "  no " on health care reconciliation bill Reid realized error , quickly changed vote to "  yes " Reid made similar mistake in December when voting on original health care bill
Editor 's note : Steve Politi is a sports columnist for The Star-Ledger in Newark , New Jersey , who has covered Bob Hurley Sr. 's career . Bob Hurley Sr. is about to hit a milestone few basketball coaches on any level have reached : 1,000 victories . He has won them the hard way at St. Anthony High in Jersey City , New Jersey , sweeping the hardwood floor before home games and riding yellow buses to cramped gymnasiums up and down the East Coast . The victories helped make him just the third boys high school coach to earn enshrinement in the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame in Springfield , Massachusetts . They earned him the respect of some of the highest-profile coaches in the sport , including Mike Krzyzewski at Duke . But his true legacy is much deeper than the lights on the scoreboard . Hurley said he would trade in those wins -- every last one of them -- for a chance to help more inner-city kids . "  You know what ? I would give them up for one more chance with some of the kids I did n't reach over the years , " Hurley said . "  If I could have a second chance with some of those , it would be worth all the adulation . " Hurley does n't coach for the attention . If he wanted that , he long ago would have left St. Anthony , a tiny Catholic school a few blocks from the Holland Tunnel , for the arenas and riches of the college game . He chose to stay in Jersey City , becoming one of the coaching legends in the high school game . Hurley , whose current team is ranked second in the country in an ESPN poll , will likely win his 1,000 th game late next week . No one is sure exactly how many losses that includes -- 109 or 110 is the best guess -- but they rarely happen more than once or twice a season . Still , even with 25 state parochial titles , the victories are a small part of what he has accomplished . Hurley , 63 , has been a father figure for hundreds of inner-city teenagers over the past four decades . He has placed nearly all of them in four-year colleges , most on scholarships . Some are doctors and businessmen now . Others are lawyers and police captains . One owns a popular restaurant in Jersey City and once held a seat on the city 's board of education . Terry Dehere , who went on to play at Seton Hall and in the NBA , could have moved on from his roots . Instead , he moved back to Jersey City , twice renovating his boyhood playground , restoring an abandoned building for low-income housing and hands out 500 turkeys annually each Thanksgiving . "  Hurley  had a direct effect on a lot of young men 's lives growing up in Jersey City , " Dehere said . "  To have a coach who was dedicated and a taskmaster helped a lot of kids -- and I 'm a living testament to it . " Dehere played for Hurley in the late '80s . Two decades later , Mike Rosario was the star of the team , a hot-tempered kid who used basketball as a refuge from the life in a housing project . "  He started disciplining me like I was one of his sons , " Rosario said . "  It was to the point where I was like , ` Wow , I had never been pushed like this in my life . ' I learned how to be a man and not a boy . " Rosario now plays college ball at the University of Florida . Coaching at a place like St. Anthony is n't always a glamorous life , but Hurley has always recognized its importance in the city where he grew up . The school , with just 250 students , boasts a 100 % college acceptance rate over the past 18 years , according to its Web site . Hurley has helped keep the doors open through his fundraising efforts , never making more than a $ 6,500 stipend for coaching . He worked as a probation officer and then a parks department official before retiring from his day jobs to focus on his team and his grandchildren . His first victory came on December 8 , 1972 . It was an impressive debut , a 64-43 win over a team whose coach was ejected in frustration , but there were few signs of a dynasty in the making . "  I remember that like it was yesterday , " Hurley said . "  You think , ` Wow . It would be nice to do that again . ' " St. Anthony kept winning and winning , and producing college-ready players along the way . That attracted attention from the next level . Finally , in the spring of 1985 , he received a phone call from then Xavier coach Pete Gillen with a simple message . "  It 's time . " He accepted an offer to become Gillen 's top assistant . But then he arrived home to find his three children waiting . Bobby , his oldest son , had written a list of reasons why he had to stay at St. Anthony that left the old man in tears . "  Who 's going to be my coach ? You 're going to be on the road all the time . Are you ever going to see me play ? " So Hurley stayed put . His team with his son at point guard is regarded as one of the best in state history , and when he graduated from St. Anthony , Bobby Hurley helped turn another coach into a legend , too . Krzyzewski has won four national championships at Duke , including two when Bobby Hurley was his point guard . He was the presenter on August 13 when Hurley Sr. was inducted into the Hall of Fame , standing proudly over his shoulder as the high school lifer joined the most exclusive club . "  Bob has a passion to help young men get the opportunities they would never have gotten unless he and basketball entered their lives , " Krzyzewski said . "  He should be in the Hall of Fame not for the number of wins , but for the number of lives he 's changed . " His induction was not just a victory for Hurley . It was a validation for thousands of high school coaches across the country . Few will ever get the same recognition . Hurley has been the subject of a best-selling book , "  The Miracle of St. Anthony , " and an award-winning documentary , "  The Street Stops Here . " But in a way , when he stood with NBA stars such as Scottie Pippen and Karl Malone at the induction ceremony , he stood for all the coaches who work at the grassroots level of the sport . The men and women who not only shape the lives of young people , but sweep the floors before games . "  What we see is the finished product , " Malone said before the induction ceremony . "  But somewhere along the line , somebody looked at every one of us and said , ' I think I 'll give that young man a chance . ' Our high school coaches do n't get nearly enough credit . "	Bob Hurley Sr. coaches high school basketball in Jersey City , New Jersey Hurley is only the third boys high school coach to be entered into the Basketball Hall of Fame He bypassed collegiate career to make a difference in the lives of inner-city kids His students have gone on to play college hoops , become doctors and businessmen
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Taking Back Sunday is recharged . Taking Back Sunday 's new album , "  New Again , " came out last week . Having taken a long break between albums -- it 's been three years since the last set , "  Louder Now " -- the Long Island , New York , rock band is signaling a fresh outlook with its fourth album . Out last week , it 's called "  New Again . " Scan the quintet 's twenty-something faces and you 'll notice that something is indeed new : the addition of guitarist Matt Fazzi . "  With that break and bringing Fazzi into the band it 's almost like -LSB- there 's -RSB- a flame that 's been rekindled or a spark just got brighter , " said lead singer Adam Lazzara . Watch Taking Back Sunday run amok " Led by the thrashing single "  Sink Into Me "  the music video has the band slowly , messily disappearing into a sinkhole  , the album just debuted at No. 7 on the Billboard 200 chart . CNN caught up with Taking Back Sunday at a magazine photo shoot in Los Angeles where the band shared stories about striking poses and striking each other . CNN : How do you feel about all that nonmusical stuff like posing for photos , makeup ... ? Adam Lazzara : It 's something over the years we 've had to become very comfortable with . I think we 're getting pretty good at it . Matt Rubano : We try to approach everything with our way of doing things and our sense of humor so that it 's not uncomfortable . Lazzara : And I 've seen "  Zoolander " enough times ... Rubano : That 's the bible . "  Zoolander " and Tyra -LSB- Banks -RSB- . We kind of split it up between those two things . I 've learned everything that I know about posing from Tyra . So thank you Miss Banks . I can smile with my eyes like Tyra does . CNN : Tell me about the single -LSB- "  Sink Into Me " -RSB- . Lazzara : Through all the songs on the record it 's the one that came about the most organically . Fazzi just started playing the main riff in the song and then Mark came in on the drums and then 15 minutes later we have a tune . Rubano : It also has the frenetic energy that we 've always been known for , so it was kind of like an obvious choice to represent the new record . CNN : Some might say that you 've taken your music in a more melodic direction on this album . Do you agree with that ? Rubano : I think we 've always taken steps forward when it comes time to make a record . Lazzara : Yeah , you ca n't be standing in still water . Rubano : We consider our band a living thing , so the new musical territory that we went into on this record is what keeps us excited and what naturally and organically came out of us . Yeah , there 's more vocal harmonies , there 's more emphasis on trying to stay focused on writing a great song and that 's what a lot of the artists that influence us do . CNN : What do you like most about being in a rock band ? Lazzara : There are very few things I do n't like about being in a rock band . Ever since I was a little kid this was always something that I would love to be doing but never thought was really possible . We 're living the dream . Rubano : We tour a lot so we miss birthdays and holidays and our wives and girlfriends and puppies and children and fish . Lazzara : I do n't think any one of us have fish . Rubano : Strike the fish . We miss all the other things . But you kind of learn to adapt and that 's a little bit of the sacrifice . But we 've been to Japan and Australia and places that as a dishwasher or a waiter I really was n't on track to going to see . Music has brought us around the world , which is unbelievable . CNN : Adam , what 's the most ridiculous thing you 've done on stage ? Lazzara : There 's a very long list . I dislocated my hip once . That was pretty ridiculous and painful at the same time . Rubano : You almost broke my skull . Lazzara : I knocked him out cold one time in front of 15,000 people . It 's nothing I 'm proud of . It 's funny now . But it was n't so much then . ... -LSB- When I started singing with the band -RSB- I just started throwing the microphone around . ... The bigger the stage the more comfortable I would get with it and just see how far I could throw . -LSB- One night , -RSB- first song ... I toss it . And then you just hear  makes thud sound  . And I looked back and he was flat on his back bleeding profusely from his head . Not awesome . Rubano : Yeah . To your credit I was n't really paying attention . And when you 're in Taking Back Sunday , while you 're performing you have to play your instrument and focus on the crowd and also make sure that you 're not going to get decapitated . And I was n't looking . ... I was just pouring blood from my face . And they rushed me off stage . And the band kept playing . Thanks , guys . Thanks for doing that . CNN : How difficult is it for you to all stay friends ? Lazzara : Funny you should ask that . For a long time in the band I think there was a lot of animosity . ... But now after that little break and since we 've been doing everything that we 've been doing now with "  New Again " coming out , I have n't started hating any of you guys yet . Rubano : Part of the symbolism behind "  New Again " is not only musical , but definitely personal . Like we 've spent more time together -- the five of us socially -- in the last year and a half than we ever have before that . It 's really a trip when we feel like we 're going through something like that , but when people that are watching the band feel like they can see the strength of those relationships and the fact that we 're really enjoying ourselves , that really affirms that it 's actually happening . I really love all these guys . Very much . Lazzara : Stop it . Rubano : Since Matt 's joined the band he 's become one of my closest friends ... and these guys I 've known for years and years . And we 've only gotten closer and more comfortable with each other . And it works musically tenfold better than it ever has . CNN : Do you want to have a big group hug or something ? Lazzara : Let 's do it  all five band members hug each other  .	Taking Back Sunday 's new album is "  New Again " Band 's previous album came out three years ago ; group happy to recharge Group 's had some rough experiences , including knocking out bassist Matt Rubano
CNN  -- Landon Donovan , arguably the greatest American soccer player of all time , has announced his retirement from the game . The 32-year old LA Galaxy striker , who was also the U.S. national team 's all time top scorer , made the announcement after scoring the winning goal in the MLS All Stars match against Bayern Munich Wednesday . "  After careful deliberation and after many conversations with those closest to me , I have decided that this will be my last season as a professional soccer player , " Donovan wrote in a statement published on the LA Galaxy 's official website . "  I feel incredibly blessed and lucky to have played a role in the remarkable growth of MLS and US Soccer during my playing career . And while my career as a player will soon be over , rest assured I will stay connected on many levels to the beautiful game . " Donovan had become one of the most recognizable U.S. soccer stars outside of his home country . In England he became something of a cult figure after two successful loan spells at Premier League side Everton . But it was for a string of incredible performances for the U.S. national team , and for his partnership with David Beckham whilst both men were at LA Galaxy , that he will be most fondly remembered . He played at both the 2006 and 2010 World Cup finals . Whilst every fan will have a favorite moment , be it winning the Gold Cup or scoring against Brazil in the Confederations Cup , It was his last-minute goal in the 2010 finals against Algeria that perhaps best defines his career . Not only did it take the U.S. into the second round , more importantly , it improbably won them the group ahead of England . Despite hopes he would shine for the US team in Brazil this summer , he was a shock omission from coach Jurgen Klinsmann 's squad . But , paying tribute to the MLS ' all time top scorer , US Soccer Federation president Sunil Gulati hailed Donovan 's contribution to the game 's rise in the U.S. "  When the story of the growth of US Soccer is told , Landon Donovan will be one of the central figures , " he said . "  Landon achieved unprecedented success as he emerged as the face of US Soccer , and helped bring the game to another level . Donovan himself gave no hint as to his plans in retirement other than helping soccer to continue to put down roots in the U.S. "  As we enter a transformative time for the sport , I will do everything I can to help the continued growth of soccer in the United States , " he said . "  I look forward to making a difference , pursuing my passions and meeting all of you along the way in this next phase of my life . "	Landon Donovan has retired from professional soccer He announced the move on the LA Galaxy website This will be his final season Controversially dropped from the U.S. 2014 World Cup squad
CNN  -- Morrissey 's summer plans have hit a snag . The British singer was planning to tour the United States in support of his album , "  World Peace is None of Your Business , " which will be released July 15 , but has had to scrap those plans due to ill health . "  It is with great sadness that the remainder of the US Tour has been canceled , " said a June 10 message on his Facebook page . "  The respiratory infection Morrissey contracted in Miami has worsened , and in the interest of making a full recovery , all further touring plans have been halted . " It appears Morrissey fell ill after performing in Miami in late May , and matters did n't improve following a performance in Boston the weekend of June 7 . As a result , the former Smiths singer is relinquishing his plans to explore the United States in favor of getting better . "  Morrissey thanks his fans for their compassion , understanding , and well-wishes during this difficult period as he recuperates , " the Facebook message said .	Morrissey has canceled the remainder of his tour dates The British singer has contracted a respiratory infection His new album will arrive on July 15
CNN  -- Apple , that icon of left-leaning Silicon Valley whose board of directors includes former Democratic Vice President Al Gore , is really a symbol of the Republican Party . Rivals Google and Samsung , meanwhile , are more like Democrats . Got that ? This analysis comes courtesy of Rush Limbaugh , the conservative talk-show host , who ventured into the unfamiliar world of tech punditry last week . On his radio show Friday , Limbaugh went on a curious rant about how tech bloggers are overrun with liberals who hate Apple -- not unlike , in his view , how the mainstream  translation : left-wing  media covers the GOP . "  I would venture to say that 9 out of 10 bloggers writing high-tech hate Apple . Apple is the equivalent of the Republicans on these blogs , and Google , Android , and Samsung are the equivalent of the Democrats . They 're perfect , they ca n't do anything wrong , they 're ideal , and everybody hates Apple , " he said , according to a transcript posted on his website . Limbaugh added this opinion of tech bloggers : "  I 'd say most of them vote Democrat . Most of them think they 're young and hip , pop culture hip . That 's high-tech , of course it would be . Republicans to them are probably aliens from Mars , racists , sexists , bigot homophobes . " The right-wing commentator went on to accuse pro-Google , pro-Samsung bloggers of "  faking data , faking news to make it look bad for Apple when it really is n't . " He added that a small minority of pro-Apple bloggers are starting to write about this "  media bias , " even though "  they do n't understand it . " Limbaugh offered no explanation for why so-called liberal bloggers would favor Google and Samsung over Apple . His comments prompted some head-scratching among tech reporters who questioned Limbaugh 's knowledge of the tech-media landscape . "  Yes , there are certain bloggers who obviously favor one company or another , " wrote Chris Matyszczyk for CNET . "  But the idea that 9 out of 10 bloggers regularly toss rancid red tomatoes at Apple , while Tim Cook is trapped in the stocks and pleading for his life , seems a trifle stretched . " Others took issue with Limbaugh comparing Apple to the Republican Party . While Apple has evolved from a scrappy , counterculture startup into a wealthy corporation that 's a darling of Wall Street , it 's been more historically aligned with left-leaning causes . Its late co-founder , Steve Jobs , often expressed support for Democratic candidates . And still others poked fun at Limbaugh 's comment , in describing the tech sites he reads , that "  some of these blogs have actual websites . " "  I du n no about anyone else , but when I want a real nuanced take on the tech industry , I go to Limbaugh , " said Henry Tsay on Twitter . "  Rush Limbaugh says that Apple is like the Republican Party . That grinding sound you hear is coming from Steve Jobs ' grave , " added Twitter user Brand Gamblin . When asked by a listener to identify which tech sites and bloggers he was talking about , Limbaugh declined . "  Folks , I 've thought about it , and there 's nothing to be gained by it . If I call 'em out , all they 're gon na do is get happy that I 'm giving them attention ... it 's not gon na change them , " he said . "  They do n't need more readers . The more readers they have , the more damage they would do . "	Rush Limbaugh says "  9 out of 10 bloggers writing high-tech hate Apple " Limbaugh compares Apple to the GOP because both are under attack by liberal media Limbaugh : "  Google , Android , and Samsung are the equivalent of the Democrats " Some tech reporters questioned Limbaugh 's knowledge of the tech landscape
English Premier League champions Manchester United have rejected a bid for striker Wayne Rooney from rivals Chelsea . The West London club revealed in a statement released Wednesday that it has submitted a "  written offer " for the unsettled striker . "  Chelsea Football Club can confirm that yesterday it made a written offer to Manchester United for the transfer of Wayne Rooney , " the Chelsea statement read . The fee is not known , but reports in the UK media on Wednesday speculated that Chelsea might be offering winger Juan Mata or defender David Luiz plus cash in the return for the services of Rooney . But the club flatly reject the claim . "  Although the terms of the offer are confidential , for avoidance of doubt and contrary to what is currently being briefed to the press in Sydney  where Manchester United are currently on tour  , the proposed purchase price does not include the transfer or loan of any players from Chelsea to Manchester United , " the Chelsea statement read . Manchester United have not commented further on the bid . After overseeing his first game back in charge of Chelsea in Bangkok , Jose Mourinho described the offer as "  clean " and "  ethical " before adding that the club have not , and will not , bid for any other strikers this summer . "  We love the player , we are interested in the player , we made the bid . We have nothing more to say and nothing more to do . And now we have to respect and be ethical in this process , " Mourinho said following Chelsea 's 1-0 win over Singha All Stars . Chelsea 's interest in Rooney is the latest twist in a long-running saga about the striker 's future . Rumors of the 27-year-old 's discontent began to surface towards the end of last season as Manchester United were romping to a 20th League title . The club eventually won by 11 points from rivals Manchester City , but Rooney was playing second fiddle to striker Robin van Persie who signed from Arsenal at the beginning of the 2012/13 season . The Dutchman netted 30 goals in 48 matches for his new club while Rooney only managed 12 from 37 . At the end of last season , outgoing manager Alex Ferguson confirmed that Rooney had submitted a transfer request . "  We refused it . He should go away and think it over . He 's not happy being taken off a couple of times this season , but Rooney in top form would n't have been taken off , " Ferguson said following United 's final home game of the season . Ferguson 's replacement , David Moyes tried to quash ongoing rumors when he officially took over the managerial reigns at the club earlier this month . "  Wayne is not for sale , " Moyes , who signed a six-year contract to replace Ferguson in May , told reporters . "  He is a Manchester United player and will remain a Manchester United player . "  I see a glint in his eye . He looks happy , he looks like he will knuckle down and get himself right . " That apparent glint has been replaced by a furrowed brow with Rooney reported to be "  angry and confused " at his treatment by his current employers . The striker , who joined United from Moyes ' previous club Everton for $ 39 million in 2004 , signed a new improved five-year-deal in October 2010 following a similar falling out with the club 's management . Manchester United 's chief executive , Ed Woodward recently said that no contract renewals are currently being discussed . "  I am not sitting down with any player on an extension and there is no trigger date in the diary . Would we be afraid to run a contract down ? Of course not , " Woodward said .	Unsettled Man Utd striker subject of a "  written offer " by West London club Striker played second fiddle to Robin van Persie during 2012/13 season Rooney reported to be "  angry and confused " at treatment by Manchester United Returning Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho describes offer as "  clean " and "  ethical "
