EW.com  -- Big Red is headed to the big screen . The girl with the flaming curls  and not-so-flattering nickname  from "  Eleanor & Park " will soon be getting the cinematic treatment , with DreamWorks Studios picking up film rights to Rainbow Rowell 's best-selling novel . "  Every girl who has read it says , ` That was me in high school , or that was me in seventh grade , ' " Holly Bario , DreamWorks president of production , tells EW . "  It reminded all of us of our own sort of awkwardness , or family dysfunction . " The studio was drawn to the teenage love story for the same reason as its legions of fans . "  It 's not the typical story where the ugly duckling is in love with the hot guy , " Bario says . "  They 're both trying to find their way . They 're both outcasts . " The best summer blockbusters ever Set in 1986 , and following one school year in Omaha , the novel follows the tentative romance of two 16-year-olds : Eleanor , a somewhat heavy girl overwhelmed by insecurities and trying to survive an abusive household , and Park , the quiet , half-Korean kid who also does n't feel like he fits in but finds refuge in music and comic books . After its publication in February 2013 , the book spent 12 weeks on the New York Times bestseller list , and has inspired a passionate , devoted following . "  The book is uniquely structured in that one chapter is told by Eleanor and one chapter is told from Park 's perspective , and they alternate , " Bario points out . "  So we 're trying to figure out how to do that in a movie . There are all sorts of groovy stylistic things you could do with voice over , or words on the screen , but we want something that 's real Rainbow . " Matt Lauer and Al Roker to appear in ` Sharknado 2 ' With that in mind , Rowell -- who is repped by UTA â $ " has also been hired to write the screenplay . "  She 's in the middle of writing another book , so we 're patiently waiting for her , " Bario said . Already on board the project are producer Carla Hacken , who as a studio executive oversaw "  Walk the Line " and "  The Devil Wears Prada , " and executive producer Matt Kennedy  the upcoming "  Predestination . " Once the script is in , a director and cast will be attached . DreamWorks hopes to start shooting in 2015 . But fans do n't need to wait for that ... Who would YOU cast in the two main roles ? Better to go with unknowns , or find a pair of young actors already on the rise ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rainbow Rowell 's best-selling novel "  Eleanor & Park " is being made into a movie DreamWorks has acquired the movie rights The story of two teen outcasts who tentatively spark a romance excited the studio Rowell will also write the movie 's screenplay
CNN  -- I had the pleasure of getting to know the Robertsons -- the duck call mogul stars of A&E 's "  Duck Dynasty " -- over the past couple of years . I 've hunted ducks with Phil , the patriarch , and enjoyed Miss Kaye 's home cooking . They are good , kindhearted , compassionate and generous people . The brouhaha over Phil Robertson 's comments to a GQ reporter is disconcerting , not because I disagree with his views on homosexuality -- and I do , demonstrably -- but because his views are neither surprising nor unique . "  Duck Dynasty " is a show about a Christian family . They pray at the end of every episode . They go to church , or school as Phil likes to call it . Phil 's son Allen is an evangelical pastor . Phil quotes Scripture regularly on the show  and in real life .  They do not hide their Christianity , but rather they celebrate it . That Phil would therefore express a biblically literal interpretation of homosexuality may offend some , but it should n't surprise anyone . A&E has the right to its decision , but suspending Phil for his beliefs , even if expressed crudely , seems ungracious . The Robertsons ' Christian values are , in large part , exactly why the show is so popular . Millions of viewers have made it the top reality show of all time because they reject the moral bankruptcy of other reality families . Indeed , the Robertsons ' Christianity has been very profitable for A&E . The outrage over Phil 's intolerance also seems blindly hypocritical . Many of his most indignant critics , including prominent voices in the media , are the very same people who are overtly intolerant and dismissive of Christians , regularly condemning them as idiots , fanatics and loons . A colleague of mine -- someone I like very much -- once said that parents who taught their children the creation story should be charged with child abuse . Another colleague of mine likened a Christian community in Florida to Jonestown . I 've heard many others openly wish that anti-abortion Christians had been aborted . This is the kind of tolerance to which Phil Robertson should aspire ? A&E need not endorse Phil 's comments , nor must we embrace them . But it 's unfortunate that an otherwise kind and giving family has been maligned for expressing personal views shared by many . Reject those views , but do not reject this family . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E. Cupp .	S.E. Cupp has gotten to know the family featured in A&E 's "  Duck Dynasty " series She says they are a Christian family that celebrates their religion and Scripture She disagrees with Phil Robertson 's views on gays but says they 're not a surprise Cupp says A&E 's suspension of Robertson from show is an ungracious act
CNN  -- World No. 3 Luke Donald missed the halfway cut for the first time in his career after failing to shine at the rain-delayed Malaysia Open . Donald recorded rounds of 73 and 74 , leaving him three shots off the cut mark after enduring troubles with his putter . But the Englishman , who is still seeking his first Major title , is confident he will be back on form for the U.S. Masters at Augusta next month . "  I 've got a couple of weeks off to get ready for Augusta and I 'll obviously be very diligent in my preparation , " Donald told reporters . "  I would have loved to go back home in form , but in golf you just never know . We 've seen it many times before when people go into tournaments with very little form and win , including majors . So you just have to keep plugging away and hope it 's your turn . "  The greens here are very different from what I play on . They are a little slower than what I 'm used to and I just did n't adjust or adapt to them . "  I just could n't read them for the life of me . I 'd think it was right to left and it went the other way . I got John  his caddie  to read a few too and we were seeing the same things . "  Tee to green I was n't that far off . But it 's the first time I 've missed the cut in a regular European Tour event since I 've been a pro . "  So I 'm very disappointed for myself and disappointed for the fans who have come out to watch me . " At the top of the leaderboard , Thailand 's Kiranradech Aphibarnrat currently heads the field by one shot from South Africa 's Charl Schwartzel . But with the rain playing havoc with the playing schedule , organizers announced that play would begin early Sunday with the tournament reduced to 54-holes . Tournament Director David Garland told the European Tour website : "  We 've had another very large storm this afternoon , so suspended play for the day and after further discussions with our major sponsor Maybank the tournament has been reduced to 54 holes . "  We want to wrap it all up with the crowd and everyone here tomorrow . "	Luke Donald misses halfway cut at Malaysia Open Donald had never previously missed a halfway cut in his professional career Thailand 's Kiranradech Aphibarnrat holds a one-shot lead going into final round Rain-affected tournament reduced to 54 holes
CNN  -- Venezuela accused the United States on Thursday of denying President Nicolas Maduro 's plane permission to enter U.S. airspace -- a claim that a State Department official denied . Foreign Minister Elias Jaua said U.S. officials have blocked plans for Maduro 's presidential plane to fly through Puerto Rican airspace on the way to China . He described the move as an aggression and called for an explanation from the U.S. State Department . A senior State Department official told CNN that Jaua 's claim was untrue , saying that the Venezuelans have , in fact , been approved to clear U.S. airspace . In remarks broadcast on state television , Maduro called the situation "  a serious offense . " The Venezuelan president vowed to take action , adding that the United States had also denied visas for several members of his country 's delegation scheduled to attend the U.N. General Assembly in New York . "  If I have to take diplomatic measures against the U.S. government , I will take them to the most drastic level if it is necessary , but I am not going to accept any type of aggression , " he said . The State Department official also called the visa issue untrue , saying the United States had approved them . Maduro is scheduled to travel to China on Saturday . Jaua said officials were evaluating alternate routes so that the trip could continue as scheduled . Maduro accused U.S. officials of being nervous about his country 's growing relationship with China . "  The United States government is not going to stop our trip , " Maduro said . U.S. officials did not immediately respond to requests for comment . Venezuelan lawmaker vows to fight for Syria 's al-Assad	NEW : A State Department official says the plane was approved to clear U.S. airspace Venezuelan officials say the U.S. denied airspace permission to their presidential plane Venezuela 's president says the U.S. also denied U.N. delegation visas Maduro calls the move a "  serious offense "
CNN  -- Things are looking horrible for President Barack Obama . There 's the Obamacare website fiasco . Ongoing allegations of National Security Agency spying on European leaders . There was the government shutdown that damaged the economy on his watch . And a new poll released this week finds Obama with his lowest approval rating -- and his highest disapproval rating -- ever . If this were a movie , we would be at the part where the hero finds himself surrounded . He has no escape routes and he 's outgunned . What will happen next : Will our hero prevail like John McClane in "  Die Hard , " or will he fail like William Wallace in "  Braveheart " ? Well , the good news for Obama is that the script for the final scenes of his presidency has not been written yet . The bad news is that he may not be the one writing it . Simply put : Obama is not the protagonist driving his own story . Rather , his storyline is being dictated by others . No question , he has long had trouble controlling the narrative , with a GOP bent on denying him , basically , everything he wants . But now he 's heading toward the end of his final term -- and the clock is ticking on his agenda . Obama 's main antagonist , of course , is the hyper-partisan Congress that refuses to agree on the most basic issues , such as raising the debt ceiling , which Congress has done more than 40 times since 1980 . And unless something changes , it 's looking bad for immigration reform , universal background checks for gun purchases , income tax reform or any of the other proposals he outlined in his State of the Union nine months ago . Perhaps the worst thing about the problems with the Obamacare website is that they occurred at a time when things were finally looking politically brighter for Obama . Though the government shutdown had been an unwelcome setback , polls showed after it ended that Americans blamed the Republicans in Congress for it much more than they blamed him . It looked as if Obama had righted his ship and would be able to refocus Americans on his priorities . It was as if Obama had become George Clooney as the captain of the fishing boat in "  The Perfect Storm . " The rain has stopped , the ocean is turning calm and there is even a glimmer of sunlight ; he 's beaten the storm . But then moments later , the sky darkens and there is a deluge of rain . The choppy waters  in this case , the Obamacare website debacle  soon consume the ship . Is this Obama 's metaphoric fate ? He can accept another plotline -- let 's say of "  Gravity , " with Obama as a character like Sandra Bullock 's , hit with one harrowing challenge after another . This may be exciting to watch , but not great for the character , who has no idea what will happen next . I 'd recommend a different story line . I 'd use the ending of "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid " as inspiration and metaphorically go out with guns blazing . Why not set some lofty goals that will frame the agenda anew going forward ? First , Obama should announce that retaking control of the House in 2014 is a top priority . Yes , many districts have been gerrymandered to all but ensure re-election for Republican House members . But he should take the fight to his adversaries anyway . Unseating some tea party House members has become newly possible after the shutdown mess . Their approval ratings are just below toe fungus . Can the President maneuver through this new landscape and turn it to his advantage ? Even getting more moderate Republicans into the House could be a step toward sanity .  Sometimes you have to improvise to make a story line work . Obama should also use executive orders to the extent legally possible to attain his policy objectives . He did this very thing in 2011 when he ordered that many children of parents illegally in the United States would no longer be deported . Sure , the Republicans will push back -- they will say Obama is behaving like a "  king " or "  tyrant " and complain about him nightly on Fox News . But the upside is that the debate will be about the issues the President has chosen . It 's denouement time for Obama as we enter the final act of his presidency . Will the President 's agenda continue to be dictated by others , making him nothing more than a lame duck , caretaker President ? Or will he use every means at his discretion to write his own story ? Obama is the star of this movie . The only question is : How is it going to end ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Obama in a tough stretch , facing policy debacles , low poll numbers If it were a movie , his character would be surrounded -- but he can change outcome , he says He says he must aggressively press agenda and also aim for Democrats to retake House Obeidallah : GOP dictating narrative , but he must take control before term runs out
CNN  -- A worldwide Jewish rights organization is pushing Hungarian authorities to prosecute a man it claims is a Nazi war criminal , recently discovered in Budapest , Hungary , who allegedly sent more than 15,000 Jews to Auschwitz in the spring of 1944 . The Simon Wiesenthal Center found Ladislaus Csizsik-Csatary as part of its "  Last Chance " project , said Efraim Zuroff , director of the center 's Israel office . The center cooperated with British tabloid The Sun to photograph Csizsik-Csatary , who reportedly is 97 , and ask him questions , Zuroff said . "  We 're the ones who found him ; they 're the ones who photographed him . " Csizsik-Csatary served as a senior Hungarian police officer in the city of Kosice , which is now in Slovakia but was under Hungarian rule in the 1940s , the center said . He topped the Wiesenthal Center 's 2012 list of most wanted Nazi war criminals . "  He was a commander of a ghetto , " Zuroff told CNN . Report : Hitler ordered reprieve for Jewish man Csizsik-Csatary participated in the deportation of 15,700 Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp in 1944 , witnesses have told the center . He also played a role in "  deportations to the Ukraine to be killed -- 300 Jews , " Zuroff said . "  We found eyewitnesses on three different continents , " Zuroff said . Those witnesses told the center about Csizsik-Csatary 's cruelty to Jewish detainees and his role in the deportations to Auschwitz and Ukraine . Confronted by a Sun reporter , Csizsik-Csatary denied the allegations , the tabloid reported Sunday . A witness to the August 1941 Ukraine deportations had nine family members who were deported , he told CNN . Csizsik-Csatary made sure four of them were brought back from forced labor with the Hungarian army so they would be deported and killed , according to Zuroff . During the Auschwitz deportations , Csizsik-Csatary "  forced these girls to dig a ditch with their hands -- young Jewish girls . " Two of the center 's witnesses were survivors of that deportation , he said . According to The Sun , which cited documents released by the Wiesenthal Center , Csizsik-Csatary beat Jewish women with a whip he carried on his belt . "  A variety of factors " led to the center 's locating Csizsik-Csatary in Budapest , Zuroff said . "  He was n't hiding under a false name . ... He had no reason to fear . " Using the last name Csizsik , Csizsik-Csatary arrived in Canada in 1949 , telling immigration officials he was Yugoslavian , according to The Toronto Star newspaper . A spokeswoman for Canada 's Department of Justice , Carole Saindon , said Monday that "  It was alleged that when applying to immigrate to Canada ,  Csizsik-Csatary  provided false information about his nationality , and failed to provide information concerning his collaboration with Nazi occupation forces while serving with the Royal Hungarian Police . It was further alleged that he participated in the internment and deportation of thousands of Hungarian Jews to concentration camps . As a result , the government of Canada revoked his citizenship on August 28 , 1997 . As deportation proceedings were under way , Csizsik-Csatary voluntarily left the country , Saindon said in an e-mail to CNN . In October 1997 , Paul Vickery , head of the Canadian Justice Department 's war crimes unit , told Radio Free Europe that when officials went to Csizsik-Csatary 's Toronto home , his daughter told them he was living in Europe . Vickery told the network Csizsik-Csatary 's name would be placed on a watch list and he would be barred from re-entering Canada . Csizsik-Csatary initially denied the allegations and asked the Canadian government to put the case on trial , but later withdrew that request , The Toronto Star reported in August 1997 . "  In his statement of defense , Csizsik-Csatary admitted to some involvement in the ghettoization of Jews , to handing over at least two Jews to the Germans and to attending the last mass deportation of Jews out of Kassa  Hungary  , " the Star said . The Sun said in its Sunday report that Csizsik-Csatary 's attorneys claimed he did not know where the Jews were being sent . Of the 12,000 Jews transferred from a ghetto to a brickyard and deported , only 450 survived , the Sun reported . Csizsik-Csatary returned to Hungary upon leaving Canada , Zuroff said . "  Hungarian authorities knew that he was back , " he said . Authorities in Hungary launched an investigation in September 2011 after receiving information from Zuroff regarding Csizsik-Csatary 's residence in Budapest and his role in the Auschwitz deportations , the center said . The Sun reported Sunday that when a reporter knocked on the door of Csizsik-Csatary 's two-bedroom Budapest apartment and asked him if he could justify his past , "  He looked shocked and stammered , ` No , no . Go away . ' " Asked about the deportation case in Canada , the Sun said he replied , "  No , no , I do n't want to discuss it . " The Sun reporter asked , "  Do you deny doing it ? A lot of people died as a result of your actions , " according to the report . Csizsik-Csatary replied , "  No , I did n't do it . Go away from here , " and slammed the door , according to the newspaper . The Simon Wiesenthal Center said in a statement Sunday that Zuroff last week submitted new evidence to a Budapest prosecutor regarding Csizsik-Csatary and his "  key role in the deportation of approximately 300 Jews from Kosice to Kamenetz-Podolsk , Ukraine , where almost all were murdered in the summer of 1941 . " "  This new evidence strengthens the already very strong case against Csatary and reinforces our insistence that he be held accountable for his crimes , " Zuroff said in the statement . "  The passage of time in no way diminishes his guilt and old age should not afford protection for Holocaust perpetrators . " Csizsik-Csatary reportedly was convicted of war crimes in absentia and sentenced to death in 1948 in the Czech Republic , Zuroff said , but the center has not obtained documentation on the case . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and journalist Flora Hevesi contributed to this report .	The Simon Wiesenthal Center says it tracked down Ladislaus Csizsik-Csatary He allegedly participated in sending 15,700 Jews to Auschwitz in spring 1944 Facing deportation , he fled Canada in 1997 The center is urging Hungarian authorities to prosecute him
CNN  -- How do you replace the adrenaline-filled emotion of scoring one of the greatest goals in World Cup history when your football career ends ? If you 're Michael Owen , you start a multimillion-dollar horse racing business . It 's 16 years since a teenage Owen slalomed his way through the Argentina defense to announce himself as England 's brightest superstar at France ' 98 . Now he is cantering to success with his own horse stables -- not that it comes close to emulating the feeling of a sweetly struck goal . "  The surge of emotion and adrenaline of scoring a goal can never be matched , no matter what you do , " Owen told CNN 's Winning Post show . "  This is a weird type of feeling . It 's a feeling of emptiness when you say cheerio to the horse and jockey down at the start and you 've just got no control over anything . " As a striker , even if you are part of an 11-man team , your fate is very much in your own hands -- or rather feet -- and you 're judged by the number of goals you score . But as a racehorse owner , Owen 's success or failure is governed by a whole new range of emotions . "  With football you always feel in control . On the pitch , you can always do something to make something happen . Your destiny is in your hands in many ways , " he says . "  But with racing there 's none of that . It 's just a real emptiness . " Except when your horse passes the winning post . "  You 're just sitting there hoping ... but when one of your horses crosses the line in front it 's a great feeling and a great adrenaline rush . Not quite that of scoring a goal , but it comes close . " Owen retired from football in March 2013 following an illustrious career in which he played for several of Europe 's top clubs and scored 40 goals in 89 international appearances for England . After starting his career at Liverpool , where he scored 158 goals in 297 games , Owen went on to play for Real Madrid , Newcastle , Manchester United and Stoke City . Named European Footballer of the Year in 2001 , his pace and predatory instincts made him one of the most prolific strikers in the game before a succession of injuries took their toll . But horse racing always provided a much-needed escape from the pressure of playing at the highest level of the game , having been introduced to the "  sport of kings " by his father Terry . Owen set up Manor House Stables in May 2007 with trainer Tom Dascombe and businessman Andrew Black . Situated between Liverpool and Manchester in northwest England , the 170-acre operation houses 90 horses co-owned by up to 250 investors . While the pace may have gone from his own legs , Owen 's horses continue to prosper , with 81 winners last season and over 60 this time around . As an elite footballer he was very well paid , but he is very conscious that his stables are well run financially even if it is a hobby . "  It 's a business that takes a lot of money to run , " he says . "  You do n't want to continue to not be in profit or at least break even , so the business is in a healthy position now . "  I do n't want to have to plow money into it every year , which is why it 's important that it 's run correctly . "  Aside from that , it 's purely a hobby and if it gives me a lot of enjoyment then that 's exactly what it was built to be . " Owen remains connected to football , working as a media pundit for broadcasters such as BT Sport -- which is threatening to break Sky Sports ' dominance of UK coverage after landing big-money deals for the Premier League and UEFA Champions League . His love for the game can be seen in an advert he did for BT Sport in a sketch where he sneaks into a recording booth to excitedly commentate on his greatest goals . "  My real business and my real passion and my real purpose for getting up is still in football , " Owen says . "  I look after a lot of young talented players in this country and I do a lot of television work and everything else connected with the game , so that 's where my main passion lies . " Owen is not alone when it comes to a love of football and horses -- trainer Mick Channon played for Southampton and Manchester City as well as England . Then there is Owen 's former manager at Manchester United , Alex Ferguson , who has an interest in a number of horses , which means he is often seen on racecourses around the country . Wayne Rooney , who recently signed a $ 500,000 a week deal with Manchester United , also has his own horse -- Switcharooney . "  Wayne and his wife Colleen own two horses with us , " Owen says . "  His family love it as well -- his father and his granddad , they 're often down here , so there are a few footballers here . " The likes of Ryan Giggs , Gary Neville and Paul Scholes all part-own horses too , according to their former United teammate . "  A lot of footballers enjoy it , " he adds . "  The likes of Paul Scoles , John O'Shea , he 's a big racing fan , and Joey Barton likes his racing . "  A lot of the others have just bought it for a day out or whatever , but some of them are really keen . " Owen 's own horse , Brown Panther , has enjoyed success in England and finished eighth at Australia 's Melbourne Cup in November 2013 . He shot to fame in 2011 by winning the King George V Stakes at Ascot -- a result which left Owen with tears of joy streaming down his face . While he does not profess to be a trainer , and is happy to leave such work to his 40-strong stables staff , Owen does believe his experience of playing elite sport can be translated into the horse world . "  The training of a racehorse is very similar to that of an athlete , " he says . "  We 're all mammals at the end of the day , we require the same things to make us go fast and recover . "  We all get stiff after work so there are a lot of things that football could teach racing and vice-versa . " As his playing fortunes dwindled , Owen 's popularity dipped markedly at the end of his career and he was regularly targeted on social media with unrelenting abuse . With injuries curtailing his time on the pitch , he would more often be seen on the turf next to his horses than at football stadiums . It led to the accusation that he was no longer interested in football and simply picking up the wages to fund his new venture -- something he strenuously denies . "  You live in a world as a footballer where people are quick to criticize or quick to question you , " Owen says . "  But those same people that said , ` Oh you 're taking your eye off the ball , setting up a business , ' they do n't realize that when you finish football you 're finished and you 've got nothing . " Plenty of footballers have suffered from depression or squandered their considerable earnings , but Owen was determined not to fall into that category . "  I 've got a young family , so I 've prepared for life after football , " he says .	Michael Owen has moved from professional football to horse racing Owen 's stables houses around 90 horses Wayne Rooney has two horses which are looked after by Owen Owen says he has no intention of moving into training any time soon
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will deploy up to 1,200 more National Guard troops to the U.S. border with Mexico , an administration official told CNN on Tuesday . In addition , Obama will request $ 500 million to supplement current spending for enhanced border protection and law enforcement activities , the official said . The National Guard troops will help with drug enforcement efforts and intelligence efforts until Customs and Border Protection can recruit and train additional officers and agents to serve on the border , the official said . The news followed Obama 's lunch meeting with Senate Republicans , where Sen. John McCain of Arizona raised the issue of increased border security . McCain and fellow Arizona Republican Sen. Jon Kyl , as well as Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona , have called for Obama to send more troops to the border region . "  It 's simply not enough , " McCain said Tuesday on the Senate floor . He called for 3,000 more National Guard troops just for the Arizona-Mexico border . Giffords , who had called for the National Guard 's deployment immediately after the March 27 murder of Cochise County rancher Rob Krentz , said Obama 's step was "  the right thing . " "  Arizonans know that more boots on the ground means a safer and more secure border , " Giffords said in a written statement . "  Washington heard our message . " A previous troop deployment to the border region , called Operation Jump Start , ended in 2008 . The operation sent more than 6,000 troops to California , Arizona , New Mexico and Texas to repair secondary border fence , construct nearly 1,000 metal barriers and fly Border Patrol agents by helicopter to intercept illegal immigrants . The Mexican Embassy issued a statement later Tuesday saying the additional National Guard troops should help prevent the illegal flow of weapons and cash into Mexico . It also said Mexico "  expects that National Guard personnel will strengthen U.S. operations in the fight against transnational organized crime that operates on both sides of our common border and that it will not , in accordance to its legal obligations , conduct activities directly linked to the enforcement of immigration laws . "	NEW : Mexico says additional U.S. troops at border should battle organized crime , not illegal immigration Obama to send 1,200 more National Guard troops to help with anti-drug and intelligence efforts "  It 's simply not enough , " Sen. John McCain says Previous border operation that sent more than 6,000 troops to the region ended in 2008
CNN  -- In Tuesday night 's State of the Union address , President Obama is expected to focus on the crisis of widening inequality in America . This is good . And it 's no surprise . Over the last few years , he has tried to draw attention to the decimation of the middle class over recent decades . He 's explained the scope of the problem -- that the severity of today 's inequality is akin to what preceded the Great Depression . He 's adopted a catchphrase -- prosperity from the "  middle out " -- and forced Republicans to talk about the issue . And he 's proposed policies to address it . But in his SOTU speech , and in the bigger scope of his presidency , Obama must do more than unfurl a list of policy remedies . He first has to acknowledge and then reckon with the conflicting emotions Americans have about "  falling behind . " To be clear , policy matters . Raising the federal minimum wage would be an effective way to lift people out of poverty . Doing what New York 's new mayor , Bill de Blasio , proposes -- raising taxes on the highest earners to pay for universal pre-K -- would help alleviate the effects of wage stagnation and wealth concentration . But outside the reliably liberal precincts of cities like New York , most people are n't ready to jump straight to policy fixes . Something blocks them -- a set of stories Americans have learned to tell themselves about success and struggle . These self-scripts influence the entire inequality debate : -- If I 'm struggling , it 's my own fault  and complaining about it is for losers  . -- I may be struggling , but I work hard and I do n't want people who do n't work hard as I do to get handouts . -- If someone else is getting rich , it 's just sour grapes for me to complain that they have too much . It 's unbecoming , maybe even un-American . -- I may be struggling , but there 's nothing to be done -- it 's out of my control , and I do n't trust anyone , especially government , to help me . I 'm on my own . To point out these self-scripts is n't to validate divisive right-wing rhetoric about "  makers and takers , " or the over-the-top comments by a prominent venture capitalist arguing that critiques of the 1 % feel like Nazi persecution of Jews . It 's simply to describe a political and psychological reality . Millions of Americans have internalized these beliefs , which are woven into our culture and go back at least as far as the Depression . Each script has an emotional core : shame , pride , inadequacy , helplessness . And so before he gets to the minimum wage or any other proposal , Obama would do well to speak directly to such emotions and neutralize them with a set of counter-scripts . He 's got to say things like : "  If you feel the middle class has fallen out of reach and you need help , it 's not because you are a lazy moocher . It 's because sometimes we all need help , and there is no shame in that . " "  There 's no substitute for hard work and grit . But some of the hardest working people in America are poor or barely hanging on to the middle class . We 've got to resist the temptation to kick the guy one rung below us on the ladder just to make us feel like we 're climbing ... " "  Envy is an ugly thing . But so is bullying . And when people use words like "  socialist " or "  class warfare " to shut down a conversation about whether our wealthiest citizens owe more to the society that helped to create their wealth , well , that 's bullying ... " "  Franklin Roosevelt told us we have nothing to fear but fear itself . In this age , nothing breeds helplessness like believing you are helpless . We can turn this around together -- if we remember no man is an island and no community can improve its lot without using government wisely and well . " I 'm not calling for Obama to channel former President Bill Clinton and conspicuously "  feel our pain . " Obama just has to be Obama -- the author who acutely sensed and articulated the cross currents of ambition and anxiety around him ; the organizer who could navigate the unspoken tensions of identity that influence politics . Obama knows well that before the head can engage on a complex issue , the heart must be acknowledged and its pain and fear must be named . Whether Obama can get House Republicans to take action on inequality is not a matter of his willpower or assertiveness ; the most forceful president can not force Congress to enact a thing . What Obama can do is build public pressure on Congress to act . And the best way he can do that is to make more people feel truly heard . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Liu .	Eric Liu : President Obama must do more than list policy fixes for inequality at SOTU Liu : He needs to reckon with those who have mixed emotions about "  falling behind " He says the heart must be acknowledged and its pain and fear must be named Liu : Obama must tell those who feel shame for being poor to do away with self-blame
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued a warning Saturday for the public to stop using an instant coffee marketed as a sexual enhancer , the agency announced in a news release . Magic Power Coffee contains a chemical that can cause dangerously low blood pressure when it interacts with prescription drugs such as nitrates , the FDA said . The chemical , hydroxythiohomosildenafil , is similar to sildenafil , the active ingredient in Viagra , which is available by prescription . Customers who have Magic Power Coffee should stop using it , the agency said . "  Because this product is an instant coffee labeled as an ` all natural dietary supplement , ' consumers may assume it is harmless and poses no health risk . In fact , Magic Power Coffee can cause serious harm , " Deborah M. Autor , director of the FDA Center for Drug Evaluation and Research 's office of compliance , said in the statement . The agency warned the public that sexual enhancement products that claim to work as well as prescription drugs "  are likely to expose consumers to unpredictable risks " and the potential for injury or death . However , the FDA said no adverse events associated with the Magic Power Coffee have been reported . The agency advised anyone who has experienced a negative side affect from Magic Power Coffee or any sexual enhancement product to consult a doctor or nurse . Magic Power Coffee , which calls itself the "  world 's first passion coffee , " is sold online and by independent distributors . There was no immediate response from the company to the FDA announcement . The Magic Power website contains a disclaimer that reads in part : "  Consult a physician before using this product if you have any medical condition including , but not limited to , strokes , high blood pressure , heart , liver , kidney or thyroid disease , diabetes , anemia , depression , anxiety , other psychiatric conditions , a family history of these or other medical conditions , or if taking any prescription , OTC and/or other herbal medications . "	FDA says consumers should n't use Magic Power Coffee The instant coffee is marketed as a sexual enhancer Agency says it contains chemical that lead to dangerously low blood pressure Company 's website includes disclaimer to check with doctor before using product
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- The Japanese government has ordered repairs to seats aboard planes operating in several countries after accusing the manufacturer of falsifying safety test results . Koito Industries Ltd. falsified fire - and shock-resistance test results in the design and manufacturing of its aircraft seats , the Japanese Transport Ministry said in a news release . The company also failed to obtain the necessary approval from transportation authorities for the material it used in the back of seats , near the food tray drop-down , the ministry said . The problem affects 150,000 seats . The ministry has ordered Koito to fix the seats and establish quality-control measures . The affected airlines operate in Japan , the United States , China and Singapore . The seats are mainly aboard Boeing and Airbus planes , The New York Times quoted Koito President Takashi Kakewaga as saying Monday in Tokyo . Several airlines , including Continental Airlines , Singapore Airlines and All Nippon Airways , have postponed introducing aircraft recently because of delays in getting seats from Koito , the newspaper said . Koito is Japan 's largest supplier of aircraft seats , manufacturing them for 32 carriers worldwide . Koito also manufactures and sells electrical equipment and is involved in housing construction . Toyota owns 20 percent of the shares of Koito Industries ' parent company . The aircraft seat problem follows troubles with Toyota automobiles that have tarnished the company 's image . On Tuesday , Toyota 's president apologized as he announced the global recall of more than 400,000 of the automaker 's 2010 hybrid models , including the popular Prius , for problems in their anti-lock braking systems . In addition , two problems involving gas pedals caused Toyota to recall 8.1 million vehicles worldwide since November . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Airline seat manufacturer accused of false test results , use of unapproved materials Problem affects 150,000 seats ; government has ordered seats be fixed Koito Industries also ordered to establish quality-control measures
CNN  -- Travelers across the United States arrived en masse at airports , hit the roads and boarded trains Wednesday , a day before the Thanksgiving holiday . "  It 's actually surprisingly not as much of a disaster as I thought it was going to be , " said Rafi Samuels-Schwartz , 25 , who was waiting at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport to board a plane to Minneapolis , Minnesota -- a flight that was on time , he added . "  It was n't pandemonium , it was n't a scene from ` Independence Day , ' " he said . "  I thought it was going to be considerably worse . " The number of people traveling this holiday weekend is expected to increase slightly , compared with last year , although the number traveling by air is expected to decline , according to the American Automobile Association , a motorist and traveler organization . The AAA , which surveyed 1,350 American households , projects that 38.4 million people will travel over the holiday weekend , up from 37.8 million last year . However , the number traveling by air is expected to decline to 2.3 million , the automobile association said . In 2008 , 2.5 million people traveled by plane for Thanksgiving . See the FAA 's flight delays map AAA said the slight increase in the number of Thanksgiving travelers from last year reflects improved consumer confidence as well as "  a growing sense among many consumers that the worst of the global economic crisis is behind us . " Citing excess baggage fees and surcharges for jet fuel , along with delays and flight groundings , AAA spokesman Geoff Sundstrom said it 's "  not a very friendly environment this decade for the airline industry or the airline traveler . " David Ross , who was at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago , Illinois , with his wife and four children to catch a flight to Cancun , Mexico , offered some advice . "  You have to be calm and collected when you come to this airport , especially on a day like today , " Ross , from Libertyville , Illinois , told CNN affiliate WGN . However , by 1 p.m. ET , delays at the country 's airports appeared to be minimal , according to the Federal Aviation Administration 's Web site . It reported that some arriving flights at the airports in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Newark , New Jersey , and at LaGuardia Airport in New York were delayed because of low cloud ceilings . "  So far , so good , " traveler Andy Warman told CNN affiliate WABC at LaGuardia Airport . "  My flight 's on time , so I 'm pretty happy about that , " added Warman , who was headed to Miami , Florida , to see family . At Washington 's Reagan National Airport , the morning lines seemed like those of any other day . "  It 's deserted , " one woman told CNN affiliate WJLA . "  There 's nobody here . " Of course , the bulk of Thanksgiving travelers will be going by car , AAA said -- about 33.2 million . "  I 'm going to probably end up sitting in traffic for five hours , " said Jack DeManche , 21 , a student at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst , who plans on driving home Wednesday night to Uxbridge , Massachusetts . The drive is usually only about two hours from Amherst , but DeManche -- a resident adviser at the school -- wo n't be able to leave until he closes one of the student residence halls . "  I have to work until at least 6 p.m. , and then I have to pack up , " he said , adding that in years past , the drive has taken more than twice as long as it does on nonholiday weeks . But even so , he said , he 'd rather brave the drive home Wednesday night than Thursday morning . "  I 'd so much rather get home tonight , " he said . In Oklahoma , the state 's department of public safety said multiple accidents had shut down Interstate 35 in both directions around Billings . CNN affiliate KWTV said the closures occurred around 12:25 p.m. . In California , an accident on the Golden Gate Bridge prompted authorities to close the bridge for a time , snarling traffic . The bridge reopened shortly after noon  3 p.m. ET  , but Golden Gate Bridge District spokeswoman Mary Currie said the backup of traffic would take some time to clear . About 2.9 million people will travel by train , watercraft , bus or a combination of transportation modes , and 2.3 million will travel by air , the automobile association predicted . Jennifer Burrell , from Tucker , Georgia , said she , her husband and their two daughters were driving Thursday morning to just outside of Asheville , North Carolina . They 'll return Sunday . She said she was n't expecting traffic on the way up , but "  it always gets heavy " on the way back . Of course , some Americans are not traveling at all . Heather McKinnon of Broomfield , Colorado , said she is staying home with family for Thanksgiving . "  I do n't like to fly and really rarely like flying on holidays , " she said , adding that she would consider driving . "  I know what it 's like going through the airport , " she said . Plus , she added , "  everything I love is here . " CNN 's Taylor Gandossy and Augie Martin contributed to this report .	AAA predicts 38.4 million Americans will travel over the holiday weekend AAA attributes slight increase to improved consumer confidence Those traveling by air probably will decline to 2.3 million , from 2.5 million last year The bulk of travelers will be going by car , AAA says
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Key Illinois Democratic legislators are circulating a letter urging support for the impeachment of Gov. Rod Blagojevich , who was arrested this week on federal corruption charges relating in part to the selection of President-elect Barack Obama 's successor as a U.S. senator . Barack Obama says he has never spoken with Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich about the vacant Senate seat . State Rep. John Fritchey , head of the House Civil Judiciary Committee , sent the letter Thursday asking Democratic colleagues to say by Friday whether they support a move for impeachment and would like to be added as a co-sponsor of legislation . Blagojevich also is a Democrat . "  Faced with a significant budget shortfall , a national recession , and a vacant United States Senate seat , we can not afford to allow Illinois to operate without effective leadership in the -LSB- Illinois -RSB- executive branch , " said the letter , also signed by Reps. Thomas Holbrook , David Miller and James Brosnahan . "  Simply put , it is imperative to replace Gov. Blagojevich as soon as is practicable . " The letter said the impeachment filing was being prepared , and the lawmakers said they expected the process -- the state House would bring charges against Blagojevich and he would be tried by the state Senate -- would take "  a matter of weeks rather than months . " The lawmakers ' move coincided with increasing calls for Blagojevich 's resignation . President-elect Barack Obama called again Thursday for Blagojevich to step down , saying the embattled governor can no longer effectively serve the people of Illinois . Watch as Obama says Senate seat belongs to the people " "  I hope that the governor himself comes to the conclusion that he can no longer effectively serve and that he does resign , " Obama said , speaking before announcing his pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services , former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle . Obama said he was as "  appalled and disappointed as anyone " by the allegations against the Democratic governor , and said he was confident his staff was not involved in the alleged scandal . Federal officials said Blagojevich was looking to sell or trade Obama 's open seat in the U.S. Senate . Obama said he had never spoken to the governor on the subject , adding he was confident that "  no representatives of mine would have any part of any deals related to this seat . " He had asked his staff to gather the facts of any contacts with the governor 's office about the vacancy , he said . "  This Senate seat does not belong to any politician to trade . It belongs to the people of Illinois , and they deserve the best possible representation , " he said . "  They also deserve to know that any vacancy will be filled in an appropriate way so that whoever is sent to Washington is going to be fighting for the people of Illinois . " Earlier Thursday , Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan said she is prepared to go to the Illinois Supreme Court to have Blagojevich declared unfit to serve if he does not resign . Explainer : Federal complaint against Blagojevich " "  Obviously the easiest way for us to move on in the state of Illinois is for Gov. Blagojevich to do the right thing for the people and to resign , " she told CNN 's "  American Morning . " She added , "  If he fails to , the two other options are obviously the Legislature moving forward on impeachment , or I have the opportunity to actually go to our Illinois Supreme Court and ask them to declare , basically , that our governor is unable to serve , " she said . In that case , Lt. Gov. Pat Quinn , a Democrat , would become acting governor , she said . Madigan said she wo n't wait long to take action . "  We would like a signal from the Legislature if they 're going to move forward on impeachment proceedings . ... I think there are obviously numerous members of the Legislature calling for impeachment proceedings , " she said , noting that the Legislature , which is adjourned , will meet Monday to discuss the possibility of holding a special election for Obama 's successor . Fritchey , in the letter to Democratic lawmakers , commended Madigan 's willingness to go to the Supreme Court , but said "  both the duration as well as the outcome of such a proceeding are inherently uncertain and speculative . " Watch what was in the complaint against Blagojevich " "  We would also note the comments of the attorney general indicating her support of impeachment proceedings as an appropriate course of action at this time , " the letter said . Quinn said at a news conference earlier Thursday that the governor had lost the confidence of the people . "  I think the governor has one duty right now and that 's the duty to resign , " he said . Should he became governor , Quinn indicated he might lean toward appointing a successor to Obama 's seat , saying an election would be expensive and time-consuming . "  Time is of the essence for all of us in America right now , to make sure we get our economy on the straight path to recovery , " he said . Blagojevich -- who is free on his own recognizance -- returned to work Wednesday , his 52nd birthday . He has not commented on the charges , but his lawyer , Sheldon Sorosky , told reporters Tuesday night that his client "  feels he did n't do anything wrong . " Sorosky said , "  He hopes the people of Illinois have faith in him , because he will be vindicated . " White House Press Secretary Dana Perino said Thursday that President Bush believes the governor 's arrest marks a "  very serious situation , " and he believes the charges are "  astounding . " Some details of the alleged scandal became clearer Wednesday , as a law enforcement official close to the investigation identified Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. as the person referred to in the federal criminal complaint as Senate Candidate 5 . Of the six candidates mentioned in the complaint , Candidate 5 is the only one whom Blagojevich said engaged in discussion through an emissary about possibly raising money for the governor in exchange for the Senate position . Jackson firmly denied wrongdoing at a Wednesday news conference . "  I reject and denounce ` pay to play ' politics and have no involvement whatsoever in any wrongdoing , " he said . "  I did not initiate or authorize anyone at any time to promise anything to Gov. Blagojevich on my behalf . I never sent a message or an emissary to the governor to make an offer , to plead my case or to propose a deal about a U.S. Senate seat . Period . " The law enforcement official said there was no evidence -- other than the governor 's taped remarks -- that Jackson or others on his behalf ever approached the governor in an improper way . The official also emphasized that no conversations with Jackson were picked up on bugs or wiretaps , and there is no evidence that he was aware of anything improper . According to the complaint , Blagojevich and his chief of staff , John Harris -- who was also arrested Tuesday on federal corruption charges -- were "  conspiring to obtain personal financial benefits " for Blagojevich by leveraging his sole authority to appoint a U.S. senator to replace Obama . Federal investigators also allege the two were trying to have Chicago Tribune editorial board members fired by leveraging state assistance to the parent company of the newspaper , the Tribune Company , in its sale of Wrigley Field . Explainer : Illinois governor is in hot water " The governor and his chief of staff are also accused of sullying other areas of state business : trying to rescind $ 8 million of state funds to Chicago 's Children 's Memorial Hospital because the hospital 's chief executive officer had not contributed $ 50,000 to Blagojevich , and expecting a highway contractor to raise $ 500,000 in contributions in exchange for money for a tollway project . "  Because of the unimaginable allegations that were in the federal complaint , it really calls into question absolutely everything that the governor has authority to do , " Madigan said Thursday on CNN 's "  Situation Room . " She said she had spoken to the governor only once this year , and perhaps not at all last year . Watch whom Blagojevich has considered " "  That sounds incredible , because I do serve as attorney general , so I 'm the lawyer for the state , but we 've been well aware for years that there are problems with this governor and so I have n't had anything to do with him , " she said . She did not elaborate . Quinn said earlier this week that he had not spoken to the governor since summer 2007 . Blagojevich and Harris are each charged with a count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and a count of solicitation of bribery , authorities said . iReport.com : Do you trust your leaders ? The count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison , while the count of solicitation of bribery carries a maximum sentence of 10 years . CNN 's Ed Henry and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Illinois legislators circulate letter to garner support for impeachment Barack Obama repeats call for Gov. Rod Blagojevich to step down President Bush believes the charges against Blagojevich are "  astounding " Illinois attorney general says resigning is "  right thing " for governor to do
CNN  -- It may not have been a great game until after the lights went out and came back up , but the Super Bowl showdown Sunday night created quite a few memorable moments on the field and off , even before kickoff . There were powerful performances , including a much buzzed-about halftime show by superstar Beyonce . But there was also a lack of electricity in the stadium and in some of the commercials . And San Francisco 49ers fans are sure to get emotional over that last play they ran on offense , when two players met in the end zone and , despite interference , the referee did not call a penalty . Here are the five moments you can expect your coworkers to talk about Monday morning . Grrrl Power The men may have duked it out during the game , but when it came to the non-football entertainment at the Superdome , women ruled the day . First up was Jennifer Hudson with a stirring rendition of "  America the Beautiful . " The choir backing her was composed of students from Sandy Hook Elementary , the Connecticut school where 20 students and six school staff were shot dead in December . Players on the sidelines and fans in the stands wiped away tears . "  Our wish is to demonstrate to America and the world that ` We are Sandy Hook and We Choose Love , ' " the choir said in a statement . Next , Alicia Keys belted out the "  Star-Spangled Banner " as the children , in white polo shirts with green ribbons pinned to them , stood with their hands on their hearts . "  It 's football . But I just cried , " tweeted actor Brian Baumgartner about the Sandy Hook performance . The big show , however , came once the 49ers and the Baltimore Ravens got through the first half . Welcome , Beyonce . For 12 minutes , she rocked the stage clad in above-the-knee black stiletto boots and a leather minidress . Powered by an all-female backing band , there was little doubt Beyonce sang live -- unlike during President Barack Obama 's inauguration last month where she admitted singing along with a prerecorded track . And as if that was n't enough girl power for the night , Beyonce was joined by her Destiny 's Child bandmates , Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams . "  Watching the #SuperBowl with family & friends . @Beyonce was phenomenal ! I am so proud of her ! - mo , " tweeted none other than the first lady of the United States , Michelle Obama . She was n't the only one . Beyonce 's performance generated 5.5 million tweets ! Lack of power For the first two quarters , the Ravens seemed unstoppable , steamrolling the 49ers and building a 28-6 lead . But then , half the lights in the Superdome went black . Monitoring equipment sensed an abnormality in the building 's electrical system and cut power to some sectors to isolate the issue . Power utility Entergy said the problem was a "  customer issue . " The NFL released a statement saying it was "  investigating . " The power company said it was not to blame and that electricity in the rest of the city was fine . The outage left players , coaches and fans to wait , wait and wait some more . Social media lit up . After 35 minutes , when the lights slowly went back on , so did San Francisco -- prompting many to wonder if the break in play played to the 49ers advantage . Running back Frank Gore felt differently . "  You have to wait . Football is a game of adjustments . The elements do n't matter , " he told NFL.com . "  I 've been saying it all year , the elements do n't matter in football . You 've just got to learn how to make adjustments . " The real MVP ? Quarterbacks often get the glory in the Super Bowl , but wide receiver Jacoby Jones had a strong case for Most Valuable Player . He lost out to Joe Flacco . Jones scored on two of the most incredible plays in Super Bowl history , including a record 108-yard kickoff return . It took him just 11 seconds on the clock to slice through the 49ers coverage team . "  Jacoby 's been a blessing to this team , " said Ravens coach John Harbaugh . "  We 're grateful to have him on this team . " Jones , who grew up in New Orleans , also caught a 56-yard touchdown pass -- his only reception . He fell , got up , decked a defender and sprinted at an angle toward the goal line , beating two 49ers into the end zone . "  Everybody dreams of scoring a touchdown in the Super Bowl . But two of 'em ? That 's what 's up ! " Jones told NOLA.com . "  It was always a goal to win a Super Bowl . To come home and do it , that 's the icing on the cake . " Jones is definitely the MVP for some Baltimoreans who bought furniture this weekend at a Baltimore store . The Baltimore Sun reported Gardiners Furniture promised to wipe out the charges for anything purchased on Saturday or Sunday if the Ravens returned a kick for a touchdown to start a half . Probably seemed like a good bet at the time . Grading the ads Some of the Super Bowl commercials -- 30 second ads that cost upward of $ 4 million -- made us weep for different reasons . There were quite a few that played on our sentiment , from Budweiser 's "  Brotherhood " to Jeep 's Oprah-narrated "  America Will Be Whole Again " to Dodge 's ode , "  Farmer . " Then there was the racy GoDaddy ad that made us want to cry , burn our eyes out and have the Men in Black wipe out our memories . In it , model Bar Refaeli shares a long kiss with a red-cheeked "  nerd " that prompted its own hashtag : #NoDaddy . "  Oh my gosh those kissing noises , " tweeted Chicago college student Grace Barnes . A no-call to rue Niners fans will tell you they were robbed of a possible win when referees failed to call a penalty . In the final quarter , San Francisco quarterback Colin Kaepernick attempted a pass to the Niners ' Michael Crabtree in the end zone . What happened next depends on who 's doing the talking . Niners ' fans will say Smith deliberately interfered with Crabtree , making it impossible to catch the ball . Ravens ' fans will say it does n't matter , the ball was too high for Crabtree to catch . Niners ' fans will say a penalty call should have given the team a first down and a great chance to take the lead with less than two minutes left in the game . Ravens ' fans will say the ball was uncatchable -- that it sailed way over Crabtree 's head . But if you ask New England wide receiver Donte Stallworth , there should have been a penalty flag , even if the ball seemed like it was too high to catch . "  For all y' all saying that ball was uncatchable for Crabtree in the endzone ... DUH !! Because dude held thee sh*t outta him ... " he tweeted . Crabtree told Yahoo Sports it was "  a missed call . " "  I do n't want to talk about it , " he said . "  I do n't want to think about it . " That 's OK , the 49ers fans will likely do it for him . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	The game came down to a controversial play in the end zone Women with amazing vocals inspired and entertained Jacoby Jones scores two remarkable touchdowns Some commercials touched hearts , others were meh
CNN  -- In a place that does not exist -- a black site -- Maya  Jessica Chastain  watches as her colleague Dan  Jason Clarke  interrogates an Arab prisoner . "  If you lie to me , I hurt you , " Dan says to the prisoner , who is bound , bruised , and not telling the Americans what they need to know . Soon , the prisoner will be held down on the floor with a cloth over his face and will have water poured into his mouth until he is half-drowned . This is waterboarding , and it leaves the prisoner gasping like a dying fish . But he does not give up his secrets , and will not until later in the game . We can imagine this scene played out in different ways . Imagine it , for example , with Eastern European heavies playing the interrogators and Scarlett Johansson as the prisoner . Or we could see it with Kiefer Sutherland demanding answers in "  24 . " Scenes of torture are not rare in TV and movies , and it 's not like the old days when the hero was always on the receiving end . Yet even before "  Zero Dark Thirty " opened , these scenes have stirred controversy , with outspoken critiques accusing director Kathryn Bigelow  "  The Hurt Locker "  of endorsing torture . And although controversy is nothing new to the director of "  Strange Days " and "  Near Dark , " these complaints seem off base . Bigelow has never shied away from violence or the vicarious pleasure of sadism , but that 's not the same thing as condoning it . Look at how she filters the torture scenes through Maya 's reactions : Maya is clearly out of place and uncomfortable with what she must witness , though she will also participate in it . Peter Bergen : Did torture really net bin Laden ? The movie -- which is utterly gripping -- is an authoritative , precise , largely dispassionate account of how a CIA analyst in Pakistan worked for a decade tracking down Osama bin Laden . That work involved torture in the years immediately following 9/11 , as a matter of historical record . Bigelow throws us in at the deep end , and rightly so . The scenes are painful to watch  but also impossible not to  , and the intelligence gleaned is at best partial . Whether partial intelligence is better than none is an open question , but it 's also evident in "  Zero Dark Thirty " that it was n't torture that eventually led us to bin Laden , but clear thinking , sophisticated surveillance and the determination and resources to follow every lead . Bigelow has rarely focused on women as active protagonists  "  Blue Steel " is the most notable exception  , but it is significant that Maya is a woman in a predominantly masculine world , compelled to renounce her sexuality to get the job done . Maya 's resolve , smarts and conviction that borders on obsessive make her a fascinating and impressive character , and Chastain delivers one of the must-see performances of the year . Bergen : A feminist film epic and the real women of the CIA Bigelow keeps the focus on process -- in a way it 's like a police procedural or a detective story , but played out in foreign lands and interspersed with eruptions of violence and bomb blasts . The climax -- the SEALs raid -- is nail-biting stuff , even though we know the outcome , with exceptionally vivid nighttime photography by Greig Fraser . What 's striking is the absence of triumphalism -- Bigelow does n't shy away from showing the victims shot down in cold blood in the compound -- and we come away with the overwhelming sense that this has been a grim , dark episode in our history , a rite of passage almost , but a passage into an unknowable future , leaving scars that may never heal .	The film follows how a CIA analyst worked for a decade tracking down Osama bin Laden Director Kathryn Bigelow has been accused of endorsing torture Jessica Chastain delivers one of the must-see performances of the year , our critic says
CNN  -- The champagne wishes and caviar dreams of the person in Indiana holding April 's winning Powerball ticket will officially remain just those -- wishes and dreams , if not a nightmare -- after failing to claim their $ 1 million prize . Indiana 's 180-day window for lottery winners to come forward came to a close Monday for the unlucky soul who purchased the lucky ticket in the April 10 drawing at the Circle K in Jeffersonville . "  It is rare , but not unheard of , that a prize of such magnitude goes unclaimed , " Indiana Lottery spokeswoman Stephanie McFarland said . When it comes to "  unclaimed magnitude , " whoever missed out can at least take solace in the fact they did n't set a record for being the biggest loser among gambling Hoosiers : In 2002 , someone in Indiana missed out on a $ 50 million Powerball jackpot , McFarland said . Absentminded lottery players can provide big boosts for state coffers , because unclaimed prize money is retained by the state . Chuck Strutt of the Multi-State Lottery Association told CNNMoney in a recent article that $ 800 million in lottery winnings went unclaimed nationwide in 2011 . McFarland told CNN that the state makes no special effort -- such as reviewing Circle K 's surveillance tape -- to try to figure out who this , or any other "  winner , " is . "  If only we had had this conversation the other day -- before the deadline , " she told CNN . "  Maybe  the winner  would have seen the press coverage and been reminded that they had purchased the ticket . " Sudden lottery fortune sometimes leads to disaster Unclaimed lottery ticket expires	Indiana lottery winner becomes loser by not claiming $ 1 million Winners have 180 days from the drawing to come forward "  Winner " failed to claim $ 50 million Powerball jackpot in 2002 States kept $ 800 million in unclaimed prizes in 2011
Immigration champion Rep. Luis Gutierrez feels confident that President Barack Obama will use his executive powers to push through reform . House Speaker John Boehner feels confident that doing so will tank what little support the President has among Republicans on immigration reform . They 're both right , immigration law experts say . After pushback from immigration activists and some members of his party , the President has directed his administration to reexamine its deportation policy . The administration could shift noncriminals and minor offenders to the lowest deportation priorities . "  I think the President has a difficult decision to make here , " said Stephen Yale-Loehr , a professor at Cornell University Law School . "  The courts have upheld wide discretion on immigration matters . He could make noncriminals the lowest deportation priorities . ... But there is a penalty he could pay through using executive action rather than waiting for Congress to act on immigration reform . " That political price , Boehner told Fox News last week , is "  that will make it almost impossible to ever do immigration reform , because he will spoil the well to the point where no one will trust him by giving him a new law that he will implement the way the Congress intended . " "  The American people want us to deal with immigration reform , " Boehner said on Fox News ' "  Kelly File " during the same interview . "  But every time the President ignores the law , like the 38 times he has on Obamacare , our members look up and go , ` Wait a minute : You ca n't have immigration reform without strong border security and internal enforcement . How can we trust the President to actually obey the law and enforce the law that we would write ? ' " Legislation stuck in the House Last year , the Senate passed a comprehensive immigration reform package -- which includes a citizenship path for an estimated 8 million of the more than 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country , according to the Congressional Budget Office . Roughly one-third of that chamber 's Republicans supported the measure , but the legislation has been stymied in the Republican-controlled House as lawmakers there hammer out more incremental approaches to such things as a path to legalization . Dems to Obama : Suspend deportations In the meantime , Obama has faced increasing pressure from immigration activists and members of his own party to use the power of his pen to help stem the high number of deportations that have occurred during his administration . Under this President , there have been roughly 2 million deportations , a number that far exceeds that of previous administrations and led the head of the National Council of La Raza to dub him "  the deporter-in-chief . " There are things Obama could do right away , experts say . Currently , law enforcement agents along the border and those investigating national security matters can engage in ethnic or racial profiling . Federal agents elsewhere in the country can profile based on a person 's religion , national origin , sexual orientation or gender identification if they suspect immigration or national security laws have been broken . Obama could , through executive action , expand a ban on any kind of profiling , according to a report released Tuesday by the Brennan Center at New York University 's School of Law , which would reduce the amount of people taken into custody and reduce deportations . "  This is something the President has known he could do since the beginning of his administration , " said Faiza Patel , co-director of the Brennan Center 's Liberty and National Security Program . "  And I do think the renewed commitment to doing executive action should help push things forward . " The Justice Department is reviewing racial profiling in federal law enforcement , and the White House recently directed the Justice Department to include Homeland Security in its review . Why has n't Obama acted on immigration ? The President 's apparent reluctance to use the power of his office to more heavily push immigration reform is a bit baffling , immigration and political analysts say . "  It 's a mystery , " said CNN senior political analyst David Gergen . "  He clearly cares , but he has n't fought the issue . Public opinion is still malleable on this . ... This is an opportunity for the President to get back into this fight and embrace the Jeb Bush spirit , " Gergen said of the former Florida governor 's "  compassionate conservative " approach to immigration , which includes understanding the impact of deportation on families . Obama said in November that he does not have the power to halt the record number of deportations that have occurred under his watch . But he does have some latitude in implementing such laws , immigration law experts say . Using prosecutorial discretion , the executive branch has the "  inherent power to choose which cases to act on , " Richard A. Boswell , an immigration law professor at the University of California 's Hastings College of the Law , told CNN . Obama said he ca n't stop deportations of immigrants , but maybe he can Some prominent Democrats agree and point to his executive action in 2012 in halting the deportations of "  Dreamers , " the children of undocumented immigrants dubbed for the DREAM Act , which would have provided amnesty for them . "  Mr. President , you do have the power to stop what 's going on , " Rep. Charles Rangel , D-New York , said at a news conference in December calling for an end to the deportations . Rangel and Gutierrez were among the 30 Democratic lawmakers who signed a letter telling the President that not only did he have the authority to halt the high number of deportations , but "  our efforts in Congress will only be helped by the sensible and moral step of stopping deportations . " Obama netted 71 % of the Latino vote in the last election , while Republican nominee Mitt Romney garnered 27 % . Hispanics are the fastest-growing minority group . GOP wants to expand appeal beyond its base After the GOP 's losses among African-Americans , women and Latinos , the party performed an autopsy of sorts and has since redoubled efforts to make better inroads with those groups . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi last week said race was part of the reason Republicans in that chamber are blocking immigration reform efforts . "  I think race has something to do with the fact that they 're not bringing up an immigration bill , " she said . However , despite the popularity the President enjoyed among Hispanics , a minority group that has been vocal about the record-high deportations , using executive action to do more on immigration reform could have negative political consequences , said Yale-Loehr , the Cornell University Law School professor . "  In the short term for Obama himself , it might not matter , but what 's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander , " Yale-Loehr said . "  If a Republican president made an executive action and used Obama as an example to say ' I could do what I want , ' it could hurt Democrats . " Still , strong signals from the White House recently in directing Homeland Security to look into how it can apply immigration laws "  more humanely " give members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and their constituents hope . Gutierrez took to the House floor recently to warn Republicans that when it comes to immigration , a day of reckoning is coming . "  If you refuse to give the President a bill he can sign because you do not trust him to enforce immigration laws ... he will act without you , " Gutierrez , a Democrat who hails from the President 's home state of Illinois , said on the House floor this month . "  He has alternatives under existing law . There are concrete ways within existing law to help keep families together and spare U.S. citizens from losing their wives , their husbands and their children to deportation . In spite of your lack of action , " Gutierrez said . "  And I believe the President is going to use those tools . I saw it in his eyes when I met with him . "	Activists , some Democrats want Obama to use executive action to stem deportations Republicans warn that using the pen will risk broader immigration reform efforts Immigration and political analysts say Obama could do more but must tread carefully Some Democratic lawmakers , immigration activists expect the President to act soon
CNN  -- Wladimir Klitschko successfully defended his WBO and IBF world heavyweight titles on Saturday after stopping Samuel Peter in the 10th round in Frankfurt , Germany . Ukranian Klitschko dominated the fight from the first round , using his height and reach advantage to pepper Peter with stiff jabs , causing his right eye to swell from round two . From the fifth and sixth rounds Klitschko upped the tempo , increasing his work rate to put pressure on Nigerian Peter , 29 , who slowed and looked increasing tired as the rounds progressed . Peter had already fought - and lost - to both Wladimir and elder brother Vitali Klitschko . Five years ago , the younger Klitschko hit the canvas three times in Atlantic City before he won a unanimous decision against the African fighter More than 50,000 fight fans packed the Frankfurt stadium on Saturday to watch what turned out to be a one-sided contest .	Wladimir Klitschko successfully defended his WBO and IBF heavyweight titles Klitschko stopped Smauel Peters in the 10th round
CNN  -- As one of the warmest cities in Russia -- a country with no shortage of snowy terrain -- Sochi seems an unusual place to host the Winter Olympics . But that 's not all that 's notable about it . It 's also the latest hot spot for dacha-seeking oligarchs -- and President Putin . Plus it has gay bars  despite President Putin  . And Cossacks . Not necessarily in the gay bars , though . 1 . Anyone who 's anyone  or who can afford it  has a dacha there The infamous Russian who put the "  Russian Riviera " city on the map was n't quite the hair-shirted leader you might expect . Communist dictator Joseph Stalin popularized Sochi after building a summer dacha -- Russian vacation home -- here in the 1930s . In the years since , the destination has become a summering spot for a succession of Russian politicos -- all the way up to President Putin , who has two dachas in Sochi . Sochi dachas have also become increasingly in demand from the ultra-rich so-called oligarchs who divided up much of the Russian economy among themselves with the downfall of the Soviet Union . The popularity of the resort among the wealthy and powerful has led to criticisms that it 's become unaffordable to the ordinary Russians who flocked to the city after its establishment as a vacation spot in the 1950s . You can tour the dacha that launched the locale , complete with a wax version of the "  Man of Steel , " avuncular pipe in hand . Stalin 's Dacha , Kurortny Prospekt 120 , Khostinsky District ; +7  862  267 05 02 ; tours - $ 10 -- by appointment 2 . The Sochi Olympics are n't actually happening in Sochi The Sochi Olympics are n't taking place in Sochi proper , which technically consists of one 32-square-kilometer district called Tsentralny . Instead , athletes are competing in Adler , an area within Greater Sochi just north of Georgia 's breakaway territory , Abkhazia . A coastal cluster of venues south of Sochi proper house the Central Olympic Stadium and rink sports including ice hockey , curling and figure skating . Outdoor events such as skiing and bobsleighing are being hosted within the Krasnaya Polyana resort area , about 50 kilometers away in the Western Caucasus Mountains . 3 . Restaurants and bars will be smoke-free In Russia , you 're never far from a cigarette lighter . Back in October , that was a lucky strike for the Olympics when a man whipped one from his pocket and quickly replenished the Olympic flame , which had blown out in the wind . But the Sochi Olympics have committed to a smoke-free event , making it the 12th Games to do so . This will be a trial in a country still in love with smoking -- nearly 60 % of adult males and 40 % of the total adult population admitted to smoking regularly in 2012 , according to the World Health Organization . The sale of cigarettes and smoking itself have been banned inside any Sochi Olympic venue , with the exception of specially marked smoke zones . Smoking is also forbidden at bars and restaurants within the Olympic Park -- a step ahead of the nation . Russia barred smoking in public spaces including airports and train stations last June , and will expand the ban to include cafÃ © s , bars and restaurants in June 2014 . It will also impose a minimum price  so long $ 2 packs  , all in an effort to quell smoking-related deaths in Russia , which totaled 400,000 in 2012 . 4 . Sochi has gay bars There are no gay people in Sochi , according to mayor Anatoly Pakhomov . Curiously enough , however , there are gay bars -- at least one that 's out of the closet , that is . Sochi 's Cabaret Mayak , catering to both gay and straight clients , features a midnight show by transvestite cabaret singers . Despite homosexuality being a federal crime in Russia until 1993 , Sochi was a gay hub during Soviet times for its relaxed beachfront vibe and distance from major metropolises within the Iron Curtain . In July , President Putin signed into law a ban on "  gay propaganda , " criminalizing the spread of information on "  nontraditional sexual relations " among minors . He 's since lowered his sword , saying gay people will be welcome at the 2014 Olympic Games but adding in a January 17 comment to a group of Olympic volunteers : "  Please leave the children at peace . " Cabaret Mayak , Sokolova ul . 1 , Khostinsky District ; +7  988  238 30 40 ; open daily , year round ; 21 + 5 . Sochi trained Russia 's first space monkeys It 's a symbol of the 1960s Cold War space race etched into our collective imagination : a monkey , in full astronaut attire , manning a spacecraft . Leading the way in Russia 's monkey-manned space technology ? Sochi , of course . Russia 's first space monkeys , Abrek and Bion , were trained at a Sochi "  apery " for their seven-day mission in December of 1983 . The Monkey Nursery Center  Vesyoloe 1 , Adler District ; + 7  862  241 62 39 ; call for tours -- $ 7  is open to visitors curious to tour the training and testing facility , or just hang with 2,700 apes . 6 . Cossacks patrol the streets Their tall lamb 's wool hats , emblazoned coats and flamboyant dance style have earned Cossacks a place in the world 's vision of Russia , with help from Russian literary icons Leo Tolstoy and Alexander Pushkin . Now , the once feared horsemen who secured the frontier for Russian tsars have joined forces with police patrolling Sochi . Russia and the Cossacks have a patchy history . After centuries as allies of Russia , the east Slavic people suffered harshly under the communists for their opposition to the Red Army . But since the collapse of the Soviet Union , Cossacks have gradually returned to popular favor in Russia . Echoing the mid-19th-century Caucasian War when Cossacks served as border guards , current governor Aleksandr Tkachev of Sochi 's Krasnodar region hired a thousand fur-clad Cossacks to help to secure the Olympic Games . Cossacks make up only a small fraction of the approximately 40,000 security forces at the Olympics . 7 . It might not be vodka in that shot glass Russia 's toasting rules are complicated . What , or whom , to toast changes with each clink , but one constant remains : vodka . In Sochi , however , vodka is often swapped for its fruitier Caucasian counterpart , chacha , a Georgian pomace brandy , often distilled like moonshine  so if you aim to taste , you 're advised to look for safer , bottled varieties  . Similar to Italian grappa , chacha takes on the flavor of the grape skins and walnut shells often infused with the liquor . Georgian lore claims chacha has healing qualities , easing earaches and indigestion . Just like vodka . 8 . The cuisine may be Armenian and Georgian Sochi , which underwent multi-ethnic colonization in the 19th century , may technically be all-Russian now , but its food remains diverse . With Armenians accounting for 20 % of the city 's population , and close proximity to Georgia , Sochi offers an impressive sampling of cuisine beyond the dill and sour cream of traditional Russian fare . You 'll find authentic Armenian at kitschy Amshensky Dvor  Krasnoflotskaya ul . 15 , Adler District ; +7  862  295 51 21 ; open daily , year round  part of the largest private museum of Caucasian artifacts and history . Chefs make wood-fired lavash bread and clay-pot stews . A Georgian favorite is Ne Goryuy  Riversky per . 6-Ð ° Sochi Khostinsky District ; +7  918  406 41 04 ; open daily , rear round  , known for its chakhokhbili -- chicken in garlic sauce -- and its quiet location off the seashore . 9 . Sochi overlaps with a UNESCO World Heritage Site Olympics visitors can enter the Caucasian Biosphere Reserve , a UNESCO World Heritage Site that partially overlaps with Sochi National Park in the Western Caucasus . The Yew and Boxwood grove -- the biosphere spot most easily accessible from Sochi -- features 1,000-year-old trees and plant relics from prehistoric times . One of the largest protected areas in Europe , the preserve has around 30 endemic mammals including the Caucasian bison and the Persian leopard , currently being reintroduced to the region and also a mascot for the Sochi Olympics . Yew and Box Grove , Khosta District ; +7  862  262 16 42 ; open daily , year round	Sochi has gay bars -- despite Putin Cossacks are on street patrol You might find chacha in your vodka glass -- a bit like grappa Cigarette-loving Russians have to butt out for the Games
CNN  -- Sitting in a dark , abandoned sports complex with the constant crack of gunshots and the cries of angry protesters ringing in his head , Mounir Benzegala decided he had to leave the bloodshed in Libya once and for all . The 23-year-old American basketball player had tried several times to get to the airport , but his efforts were repeatedly derailed by mercenaries , soldiers , and bureaucratic red tape . Now safely on a U.S.-chartered ferry bound for Malta with about 300 other passengers -- 167 of them fellow Americans -- Benzegala said Friday he 'll only let himself feel relief when he 's back in the United States . "  There 's so many details I just ca n't get into until I get home and feel safe , but at least I 've made it this far , " said Benzegala , who had come to Libya only three weeks ago to play on a government-run team backed by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's son , Saif . "  I 'm just thankful to be alive , " he told CNN . "  Just unbelievable . ... Anything could have happened . There was no guarantee I was going to get out safely . " Even though he 's on his way home to Ohio , he 's still haunted by stories of those he left behind , including a teammate who was held at gunpoint by a mercenary one day as he tried to get to the airport . A Libyan soldier was able to calm the mercenary down , Benzegala said . "  He definitely was in serious danger and probably would have been killed . ... The mercenary was very , very violent and aggressive ; he just looked like he was itching to shoot somebody . " For Americans Erika and Franz Fearnley , the sound of protests and gunfire that kept getting closer and closer to their neighborhood just outside the Libyan capital ultimately forced them to make a dash for the airport in hopes of leaving the violence behind . "  The crowds sounded as if more and more people were joining in ,  and  just hearing the gunfire and just knowing that people were probably losing their lives " finally made them pack up , Erika Fearnley told CNN 's "  Parker-Spitzer " on Thursday . They and other Americans who have fled Libya 's descent into chaos have harrowing tales of escaping the carnage . As Benzegala ran out of food and money -- living off of a single bowl of spaghetti for the past two days -- he decided he had to take a chance and get to the airport to leave the country . It was a fateful decision by the former University of Tampa star point guard , so used to taking chances on the court but feeling out of his element in a foreign city under siege . As the Fearnleys headed to the airport , they were stopped at a checkpoint manned by soldiers with machine guns , a scene Franz Fearnley described as "  terrifying . " "  They knocked on the window ... they wanted to see our passports , " he explained . "  It was scary , " Erika Fearnley added . Salah Gamoudi , 24 , returned to Oregon on Tuesday from Libya , where the dual citizen was working with Ernst & Young as an auditor of oil companies . As security forces started cracking down on protesters , Gamoudi said he , like other Tripoli residents , became fearful for his life and the lives of his family members . He picked up a baseball bat to use as a weapon , if he needed one ; his neighbors fortified the streets and guarded their homes . At the airport , the scene was one of confusion and disorder , Benzegala and the Fearnleys said . "  The airport was full to capacity . They were not allowing anyone else in , " said Franz Fearnley , who had been working on a land development project in Libya for the previous month . But "  our  Libyan  driver had an uncle at the airport , thank God , and he was able to get us in , but once we got in , you could n't even move " because it was so crowded , he said . George Sayar , who was in Libya with his Florida-based construction company building roads and bridges , described the airport scene as "  utter chaos . " "  I would say there was approximately 30-40 ,000 people , most of them without tickets , trying to get into the three entrances to the terminal , " Sayar told CNN on Friday . "  We pretty much had to push and shove our way through thousands of people , and myself and two of my colleagues finally made it after about three hours of pushing , shoving , and kicking . " Another contractor who managed a tight escape was Cyrus Sany , who was working as an electrical engineer in Libya for a Virginia-based firm . He said it took him six hours to get from the airport parking lot to the ticket counter . Sany said it was a "  very extreme experience " that he 'll never forget . Benzegala found himself crushed between the gates and travelers storming to get in after he arrived at the airport . "  I got in a skirmish , actually , trying to calm people down and got pushed to the ground by a guard and when I got up he hit me in the face and there were a couple other guys I saw get hit as well . " In the end he got a ticket and arrived at the departure area , but that was the end of the line . Immigration officials saw that there was no entrance stamp on his U.S. passport , and refused to let him board his flight , or book a new ticket out . Benzegala is a dual U.S.-Algerian citizen and had used his Algerian passport to enter the country . He said he did n't think twice when he turned the passport over to his agent after getting the entrance stamp . He returned to the abandoned sports complex and managed to call the U.S. Embassy , but officials there would only tell him to keep away from the windows and wait out the violence . He learned about the chartered ferry in talking to CNN , and decided to make a run for it around dawn Wednesday when the fewest number of people were in the streets . Calls to his agent finally got through and his Algerian passport was returned along with a ride out to the port . His teammate , a U.S. resident whose name Benzegala did n't want published for fear of his safety , did n't think he 'd be allowed on the ferry since he was not yet a U.S. citizen . He planned to make another attempt to get to the airport , but his whereabouts are unknown . On board the ferry , Benzegala said people stretched out on the floors to sleep , feeling safe at last . Those awake shared stories about their escape and the violence they had witnessed , but also fears about friends and family left behind . A U.S. Embassy official on board the ship , which was delayed for nearly two days because of high seas , warned Benzegala not to speak to the media before departure , explaining that revealing details about the situation could jeopardize the safety of all those on board . As for the Fearnleys , now staying with family in New Jersey , they 're also worried about the friends they left behind . "  It 's just sad , " Franz Fearnley said . CNN 's Brian Walker , Katy Byron , and Moni Basu contributed to this report	American basketball player describes the chaos that 's consumed Libya One American couple was stopped at a checkpoint by soldiers with machine guns A U.S. ferry has left Libya carrying about 300 passengers Many fear for the friends and colleagues they left behind
Mashable  -- Is there a smaller , cheaper version of the iPhone on the way ? Rumors abound , but now the Wall Street Journal has found "  people familiar with the matter " who have actually laid hands and eyes upon it : "  One of the people , who saw a prototype of a new iPhone several months ago , said the new device is intended to be sold alongside the current line of iPhones and would be about half the size of the iPhone 4 . The phone , one of its codenames is N97 , would be available to mobile carriers at about half the price of Apple 's main line of iPhones , the person said . " According to the Wall Street Journal , Apple 's also considering making its MobileMe online storage service free , allowing users to store their data in the cloud rather than on a small device such as an iPhone , iPod Touch or iPad . This move could facilitate a smaller iPhone , which could store most of its data elsewhere rather than within its tiny confines . When will we see such a tiny iPhone , reportedly one-third smaller than its bigger brother , and costing $ 200 with no contract ? The WSJ sources are saying this summer , which is right in line with the usual time new iPhones are unveiled . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Wall Street Journal sources say people have seen prototype of smaller iPhone "  N97 " would be available to mobile carriers at half the price of iPhones Apple 's also considering making its MobileMe online storage service free
CNN  -- Friday 's French Open semifinal between Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic , billed by some as the real final , lived up to the hype . Nadal , ultimately , was the happier man after an epic match that lasted more than four and a half hours on a sweltering day in Paris . The defending champion moved within a match of making it a record extending eight French Open titles by defeating the world No. 1 6-4 3-6 6-1 6-7 9-7 . "  I was ready for the fight , " Nadal told reporters . Nadal will now be the heavy favorite to beat fourth-seed David Ferrer in Sunday 's all-Spanish final . Ferrer , who cruised past Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-1 7-6  3  6-2 in the other semifinal to dash local hopes , will be appearing in his maiden grand slam final and has lost 16 consecutive matches on clay against Nadal . Nadal , in his 35th meeting against Djokovic , improved to 5-0 against the Serb at the French Open . But for a while it appeared as if Djokovic would inflict more woe on Nadal in a gripping rematch of last year 's final . Djokovic had topped Nadal in three straight grand slam finals beginning in 2011 , downing him in six hours in the 2012 Australian Open finale . Djokovic led 4-2 in the fifth set -- after Nadal blew a break lead in the second and could n't serve out the match in the fourth . It was just the second time Nadal has been taken to five sets at Roland Garros . "  When I was serving for the match it was against the wind so I knew that it would be a tough game , " Nadal said . "  It was a similar match to the one in Australia in 2012 and he won . This time it is me that won and that is what makes sport so big . " The thriller was n't without controversy . With Djokovic leading 4-3 in the fifth and at deuce , he put away a simple smash . Chair umpire Pascal Maria , however , ruled that he touched the net before the ball bounced twice -- giving Nadal the point . Djokovic won the next point to revert to deuce -- instead of holding for 5-3 -- and Nadal eventually broke for 4-4 . "  Who knows what direction the match may have taken if I had won that point , " Djokovic told reporters . "  On 99.9 per cent of other occasions , I would have got the point . " Maria earlier gave both players a warning for taking too much time between points . Djokovic was also upset that his request to water the court in the fifth set was denied . He felt the court was too dry . "  I was not asking to water the court because I want to make my opponent trip or do something like that , " Djokovic said . "  I was doing it for myself , because I felt that it got very dry and it was very slippery . " Nadal made the better start , gradually taking control of the first set in the hot conditions thought to suit him -- his heavy ground strokes move through the court quicker and his balls bounce higher . With Djokovic spraying shots and Nadal hitting deep , the Spaniard broke for 4-3 . He saw off Djokovic in the opener and seemed headed for a win when he broke again for 3-2 in the second . Not for the first time in the encounter , Nadal would drop his serve in the ensuing game . A rattled Nadal lost four games in succession and the match was level . Nadal stormed to the third set and again held the lead in the fourth . He broke for 4-3 , only to drop serve for 4-4 . Unusually for Nadal , he could n't close out the match when trying to serve it out at 6-5 . As Nadal hit shorter , Djokovic was allowed to step in and crush his ground strokes . A reeling Nadal was broken to start the fifth but rallied , aided by Djokovic erring on several overheads . "  It 's a very special win for me and congratulations to Novak , " Nadal said . "  He 's a great champion and he is going to win here at Roland Garros one day . " Ferrer capitalized on apparent nerves from Tsonga in the first set and overturned a 3-0 deficit in the second . Once Ferrer took the second set , Tsonga sagged . Tsonga was bidding to become the first Frenchman in 30 years to win a major .	Rafael Nadal rallies from a break down in the fifth set to beat Novak Djokovic The French Open semifinal goes to five sets after Nadal fails to serve it out in the fourth Djokovic was bidding to win his first French Open after topping Nadal in Monte Carlo Nadal will face David Ferrer in Sunday 's final after compatriot beats Jo-Wilfried Tsonga
AOL Autos  -- Let 's face it . Tires are usually one of the most un-fun things to buy for a car . Most of us are n't too concerned about the process . We 're just trying to buy a set of discount tires that turn out to be better than four pencil erasers . Chris Neiger found cheap tires by giving up 3 hours of his day and all dignity for his aging car . Recently , I set out to buy some discount tires of my own . Manned with my laptop and cell phone , I aimed to unearth the best discount tire deals on the Internet . Now , there are some big-name choices , such as Sears Tires and National Tire and Battery . Since I 've bought some discount tires online before , I knew the first place to look was Tire Rack . This site is incredible . You can find tires for almost any car and get a really good deal . Plus you can read surveys and reviews from customers who have bought the same tires you 're buying . Six tire buying tips : 1 . Buy new . Saving money on discount tires is great , but not at the expense of sacrificing traction or safety . 2 . Know the factory size of your tires , usually found on the inside door hinge of the driver 's side . 3 . Shop around for the best deals on discount tires by checking local and online stores . 4 . Determine how long you 're going to need the tires and buy within your budget . 5 . Know the factory warranties and shop guarantees for your tires before you purchase them . 6 . Do your research . Not all tires are created equal nor are the expensive ones always the best . Since Tire Rack is an online company and they do n't own any air wrenches themselves , you can search through a list of mechanic shops right on their Web site who will accept your delivery of tires and will put them on the car for you at their designated price . When I ordered a set from Tire Rack in the past , I got a set of good tires for a great price . They deliver through UPS and FedEx , so there 's no guessing game on that front . Tire Rack sometimes offers rebates and other special deals . Although the site may have some of the cheapest prices online , it may also cause you to spend a little more than you anticipated . The price you 're quoted for a set of tires does not include the extra fill-in-the-blank you pay in order to have the tires shipped to you or your mechanic . In my case , the cheapest delivery charge was a FedEx delivery that cost me $ 36 . This was in addition to the several hundred I was already paying for the tires . Depending on where you live , the charge for having tires delivered may vary , so make sure to confirm a three-day delivery as opposed to overnight if you want to keep costs down . The real problem came when I took my Tire Rack tires to the local mechanic and was charged $ 90 for what they called a "  basic tire package . " I 'd hate to see the deluxe version 's price . This was simply the mounting , balancing , disposal fees , parts and labor . If you want to go the Tire Rack route , call some mechanics in your area before you take the tires there and find out which one has the best installation price . Keep in mind that the bigger the tires and rim size , the more money it costs to have them mounted . Tire Rack can be a great choice for discount tires if you keep your shipping cost down and you find a cheap mechanic . Altogether , I spent an extra $ 126 on top of the cost of the tires , but that did not outweigh the savings I was getting on the tires . Little price , big pain at Wal-Mart If you 're simply looking for the best deal on discount tires , my advice is to go with the name synonymous with savings , Wal-Mart . Regardless of your feelings toward the franchise , you will get a good set of tires at a cheap price . My Wal-Mart experience was probably like most people 's normal shopping experience at the store : great deals mixed with rising blood pressure . One of the great advantages to buying discount tires through Wal-Mart is that you can order the tires online and have them sent to any one of their tire and lube stores for free . That 's right , free shipping . A couple months ago , I did just that . Thinking I would try a different route to save money , I purchased my discount tires through Wal-Mart instead of Tire Rack . Oh , and did I mention they mount your tires for free ? With free mounting and only $ 5 a tire to balance  compared to $ 20 at my mechanic  it 's hard to pass up that kind of savings . The problem I ran into with Wal-Mart was their customer service . When I asked how long it would take for everything to be completed , I was told an hour and half . I thought to myself , "  I can kill an hour and a half in Wal-Mart . Where 's the electronics section ? " What I should have realized was that I was being quoted a time by a tire and lube service cashier clerk , not one of their mechanics . I periodically checked back every twenty minutes after the initial hour had gone by to see if they were through . Three long cell phone conversations , two walks up and down just about every aisle in the store and almost three hours later , my car was finally ready . When I rounded the corner , I could see my car sitting in the parking lot , but something was wrong . I was in the middle of a cell phone conversation with my wife , complaining about my day wasted . I walked up to my car to see the finished product and could n't help but yell out mid-sentence , "  And they put whitewalls on it ! " Needless to say I did not ask for whitewall tires , nor did I want them . Now that I could drive away at last , there was no way I wanted my car to go back into that garage to have those tires turned around . Regardless of the waiting , the wailing and the whitewalls , I was able to buy four brand-name 80,000-mile discount tires , shipped and installed for under $ 300 . I 'm sure that I could have gotten the whitewall tires turned around with no problem from Wal-Mart 's mechanics , but it was a personal decision based on how much more time it would have taken . I just want to let our readers know that sometimes you do pay for the best price . In my case , they charged me one perfectly good Thursday afternoon and any dignity my 13-year-old car was still clinging to . E-mail to a friend	Tire Rack helps you shop online for tires and get referrals for installation Know the factory size of your tires and do research on warranties Do n't buy used tires Writer : Wal-Mart provided great tire prices and lousy customer service
CNN  -- Part of the solution to end drug violence in Mexico should include legalizing drugs like marijuana for personal use , former President Vicente Fox told CNN en Espanol . "  In order to get out of this trap  of drug violence caused by organized crime  , I 'm specifically proposing the legalization of the drug , " Fox said during a visit to Puerto Rico , where he was speaking at a conference for small business owners in the city of Fajardo . Fox advocated decriminalizing marijuana in a 2009 interview with CNN en Espanol . Since then , he has repeatedly called on officials to rethink drug laws . In an interview that aired on CNN en Espanol Tuesday , he also said the Mexican government should "  retire the army from the task of combating criminal gangs . " Current Mexican President Felipe Calderon has sent as many as 50,000 troops to hot spots around Mexico to fight the drug cartels . The enforcement strategy is considered a pillar in Calderon 's overall anti-drug policy . Both Calderon and Fox belong to the conservative PAN  National Action Party  . Ex-President Fox , a former Coca-Cola executive who was the president of Mexico from 2000 to 2006 , said the Mexican government should also "  demand that the United States do its part . " "  The United States has a huge responsibility . It 's not enough that they give us  Mexico  a tip , saying ` Here 's 500 million dollars . Go do your homework . You can pay us back with blood and with dead bodies , ' " Fox said . Mexican drug cartels buy their weapons and launder drug money in the United States , he said . Fox said Mexico has fallen into a trap "  between the gigantic U.S. drug market and the  illicit  drug producers in South American countries like Colombia , Venezuela , Bolivia , Ecuador and others . Fox is not alone in advocating for legalization of some drugs for personal use . Two years ago , three former Latin American presidents proposed radical changes in drug policy for the region . Brazil 's Fernando Henrique Cardoso , Colombia 's Cesar Gaviria , and Mexico 's Ernesto Zedillo wrote in the 2009 final report of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy that "  Prohibitionist policies based on the eradication of production and on the disruption of drug flows as well as on the criminalization of consumption have not yielded the expected results . We are farther than ever from the announced goal of eradicating drugs . " The same conclusion was reached by the U.N. 's Global Commission on Drug Policy last month . The commission , comprised of former presidents  including Fox  , policymakers and leaders from all over the world , recommended that governments experiment with drug legalization , especially marijuana . CNN 's Dania Alexandrino in Puerto Rico contributed to this report .	Vicente Fox says the current narcotics fight is n't working The ex-leader also calls for withdrawing Mexico 's army from fighting gangs The United States must take some responsibility too , he says
CNN  -- Newly revealed photographs of Reeva Steenkamp show the South African beauty as a young aspiring model , and as a star cover girl , just months before her tragic death . One group of images , taken by Reeva 's friend Kerry Smith eight years before her death , show the then 21-year-old law student and modeling wannabe posing on the beach at Port Elizabeth , South Africa , where she grew up -- and where her grieving parents scattered her ashes . Her dark hair , freckles and innocent good looks are a world away from the shots of a bikini-clad Reeva featured in glossy magazines which millions around the world are now familiar with . "  That 's Reeva in her natural beauty , " Smith said . "  Not a stitch of makeup on . Hair blowing in the wind with the sea behind her , sun setting behind her . " That 's a view of the model shared by another photographer , Gareth Barclay , who took a series of pictures of Reeva in the months before her death . These photos , said to have been commissioned by Steenkamp for an unidentified "  special someone , " show a Reeva who is -- outwardly at least -- very different : Blonde , confident , worldly and polished . "  Most of the photos that I took of her are n't even edited , " Barclay said . "  That 's just how she is , you know . "  That 's just a simple color grading that I put on it to give an effect or a mood , but I mean , her skin was always great , beautiful eyes , beautiful features . " Steenkamp , 29 , died last year on February 14 -- Valentine 's Day . She was shot dead in the bathroom of the home she shared with Olympic and Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius . Pistorius insists her death was an accident , that he opened fire after mistaking her for an intruder . Prosecutors disagree : his murder trial starts on March 3 . His family said the loss of his girlfriend -- and his involvement in her death -- has devastated the athlete . "  It 's a terrible , terrible mistake he made , " his uncle Arnold Pistorius told CNN . "  I can just image the family of Reeva , the grief they 've got and most probably anger , and you know this is a traumatic experience for them and I ca n't even imagine myself being in that position . " Another of Barclay 's pictures shows the tattoo on Reeva 's neck : The phrase "  Only God will judge me , " written in Italian . "  It was very personal to her , " said Barclay . "  She never really spoke about it or anything , she just wanted a personal photo of it , 'cause , you know , she did n't have any photos of it . " For Steenkamp , this tattoo represented something central to her life , something to be defined by . "  That was something that her grandfather had always said , you know , " explained Smith . "  It was very close to her own heart . " Pistorius , though , will be judged in a Pretoria courtroom . CNN 's Bryony Jones contributed to this story .	Pictures show Reeva Steenkamp as aspiring model and established cover girl Friend and photographer says early images show Steenkamp 's "  natural beauty " Later picture shows Steenkamp 's very personal tattoo , "  Only God will judge me " Steenkamp shot dead by boyfriend Oscar Pistorius ; he says he mistook her for intruder
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The U.S. Secret Service is looking into a controversial column by an Atlanta Jewish newspaper publisher that mulled the assassination of an American president . Andrew Adler , owner and publisher of the Atlanta Jewish Times , wrote a January 13 column about the threat of Iran to Israel . He posed three options for the Jewish state to counter the Iranian regime . One of them called for a "  hit on a president in order to preserve Israel 's existence . " "  Give the go-ahead for U.S. based Mossad agents to take out a president deemed unfriendly to Israel in order for the current vice president to take his place and forcefully dictate that the United States ' policy includes its helping the Jewish state obliterate its enemies . " U.S. Secret Service spokesman George Ogilvie told CNN Saturday , "  We are aware of it . We are taking the appropriate investigative steps . " Adler could not be reached for comment , but the Jewish Telegraphic Agency , a wire service for Jewish newspapers in North America , quoted Adler on Friday as saying "  I very much regret it . I wish I had n't made reference to it at all . " Adler -- who said he 's gotten a lot of flak for the column -- said he would issue an apology in the next edition of the weekly newspaper , the JTA reported . The column , titled "  What would you do ? " does n't mention President Barack Obama 's name , but U.S. Jewish groups that strongly denounced the column read the words as a reference to Obama himself . The column also refers to the administration 's "  never ending ` Alice in Wonderland ' belief that diplomacy is the answer , " an apparent dig at the Obama White House 's foreign policy efforts at dialogue with such countries as Iran . "  The suggestion by anyone , in this case a Jewish newspaper publisher , that Israel should consider assassinating President Obama is shocking beyond belief , " said Dov Wilker , director of the American Jewish Committee in Atlanta . "  While we acknowledge Mr. Adler 's apology , we are flabbergasted that he could ever say such a thing in the first place . How could he even conceive of such a twisted idea ? " said Wilker . "  Mr. Adler surely owes immediate apologies to President Obama , as well as to the State of Israel and his readership , the Atlanta Jewish community . " The White House declined to comment Saturday on the column . Abraham H. Foxman , the national director of the Anti-Defamation League , said Adler 's "  lack of judgment as a publisher , editor and columnist raises serious questions as to whether he 's fit to run a newspaper . " "  There is absolutely no excuse , no justification , no rationalization for this kind of rhetoric . It does n't even belong in fiction . These are irresponsible and extremist words . It is outrageous and beyond the pale . An apology can not possibly repair the damage . "  Irresponsible rhetoric metastasizes into more dangerous rhetoric . The ideas expressed in Mr. Adler 's column reflect some of the extremist rhetoric that unfortunately exists -- even in some segments of our community -- that maliciously labels President Obama as an ` enemy of the Jewish people , ' " Foxman said . Simon Wiesenthal Center associate dean Rabbi Abraham Cooper called the remarks "  irresponsible and reprehensible " and said they "  must be publicly condemned by Jewish leaders across the ideological and political spectrum . " "  We take small comfort from the apology â $ " what a shanda ! " Cooper said , using the Yiddish word for something shameful or scandalous . JTA also quoted Opher Aviran , the Israeli consul-general in Atlanta as saying he was "  appalled at this deranged and morally repugnant assertion . We condemn such calls in the strongest possible terms . " The Atlanta Jewish Times , a weekly focused on the Atlanta Jewish community , was founded in 1925 as the Southern Israelite .	Atlanta Jewish Times piece suggests Israel kill U.S. president "  to preserve Israel 's existence " U.S. Jewish groups slam column ; writer reportedly issues apology "  We are taking the appropriate investigative steps , " Secret Service says
Sheremetyevo Airport , Moscow  CNN  -- Fugitive Edward Snowden remains in the transit lounge of Russia 's Sheremetyevo International Airport as he attempts to negotiate his way to asylum -- one month after arriving from Hong Kong . The former NSA contractor , who leaked details about a U.S. surveillance program , is requesting Russia take him in while he awaits safe passage to Latin America . While devoid of fresh air , Snowden 's temporary home does have an extensive selection of cafes , shopping outlets , business lounges and smoking rooms within its 400,000-square-meter expanse of brightly lit space . For a small pack of international journalists who have been relentlessly following the Snowden saga , including me for a short time , the airport has been home  of a sort  for the past few weeks . READ MORE : The many mysteries of Snowden 's transit zone For those who may be passing through -- to find Snowden or for even less thrilling reasons -- here are five ways to kill time in Sheremetyevo , based on one reporter 's excruciating 24 hours in the lounge . TGI Friday 's The ubiquitous all-American joint occupies prime real estate in Sheremetyevo airport : an outlet right near the gates used for flights to Cuba , where journalists initially suspected Snowden might make his sprint for freedom . The walls are adorned with Americana and a sprinkling of Brit culture ; Farrah Fawcett and the Beatles share corner space while a small but authoritative statue of astronaut Neil Armstrong oversees the party . Bon Jovi and Nirvana rock the house while travelers bound for Prague , Seoul , St. Petersburg and other sunnier places trundle past . READ MORE : Snowden 's future uncertain after retracted tweet While on Snowden stakeout , I enjoyed fluffy American pancakes -- best 195 rubles you 'll ever spend for nap food . They were small and only gently warm , but , with a dose of mango jam , perfectly sweet . Ideal with a strict black coffee . Back at TGI Friday 's for lunch  not much else to do  , I selected the "  Perfect Ten " smoothie , a refreshing mix of orange juice , pineapple , honey , nuts and peaches with cream and sorbet . I 'd have been happy to score one for Snowden if he 'd only have showed himself . Shopping for Matryoshka dolls , vodka , crystals For those who have everything -- come to Sheremetyevo for the one thing you do n't . Browsing the long corridors between terminals E , D and F reveals a Swarovski crystal shop that sells a four-inch-high Hello Kitty doll , complete with pink bow and hearts . The crystal-encrusted kitty is a snip at $ 500 euros  duty free treasures can be bought in both euros and Russian rubles  . READ MORE : Why we 're all stuck in a digital transit zone Or there 's always a crystal clutch bag for a slightly more palatable $ 430 . If you get sick of waiting for the next cherished Snowden appearance , there 's an "  igniting liquid "  according to the label  barrel of vodka for $ 65 to keep you entertained . No explanation is offered for why this booze is more flammable than any other in Russia . Maybe it has something to do with your breath after loitering for a day in an airport . You might invest in another very Russian delight : Matryoshka dolls . EXPLORE : Snowden 's asylum options Row upon row are laid out in the glass cabinets of the more traditional shops . Their pretty colors , gold scarves and luxurious lashes glow under bright lights , making them almost irresistible for the bored shopper . Capsule snoozing The Capsule Hotel is a sparse and efficient place to put one 's head for a few hours . The outlet where I bedded down for some non-Snowden shuteye , near Terminal E , offers 46 rooms of utilitarian convenience in duck shades of blue and green . I checked into the only type of room left ; one without windows . The sound of vacuum cleaners reverberated through the walls . The shower sprayed water all over the floor when I turned it on . GALLERY : Long history of spilling secrets For a passenger looking for simplicity at a transient time , however , the Capsule Hotel does what it 's supposed to do . Small white hand and body towels , snuggled on top of each pillow , completes the operation 's simple competence . But I did n't want to sleep long -- there might have been action on the Snowden story . Space-age lounging My airline loyalty program entitled me to three hours in the appropriately named orange-on-orange-on-silver Galaktika lounge , next to Terminal E . The lounge 's sparse selection of inhabitants included a small dog which , as I invaded its personal space , erupted in high-pitched barks and attempted to bite my ankles . At this point I was sleep deprived , and it was a terrifying moment . The buffet offered little to ease my frazzled vegetarian nerves . READ MORE : Obama on collecting intelligence There was a spread of pastry-heavy pies on offer in cabbage , meat , spinach , cheese , cottage cheese , mushroom , cherry and apple . All looked remarkably similar . I partook , instead , in the marzipan squares out of the fridge . They were slightly sloppier than expected and very sweet . I did n't go back for seconds . I tried my luck in the Classic Lounge , which looked rather more luxurious , but was turned away . It was empty , but I did n't have the right kind of ticket . At least they let me take a picture , which you can see above . Snowden stakeout Being on the Snowden airport trail can be a frustrating experience . Every man with three moles scattered up the left side of his face could be him ; but such men are rare . I returned to London without having spotted him . EXPLORE : Notable leakers and whistleblowers Snowden did emerge on July 13 , the first time he 'd been seen publicly since leaving Hong Kong on June 23 . He met with human rights activists and told them he was requesting temporary asylum from Russia . A flurry of media activity met that appearance , but the steady troop of journalists through Sheremetyevo has since slowed . Finding journalists skulking around the airport is now almost as tricky as finding Snowden himself . Snowden will apparently be exiting the airport within days -- but in this global game of diplomatic cat and mouse , nothing can be assumed . At least Snowden 's got the airport 's top attractions to keep him entertained .	A month after arriving , Edward Snowden remains in Russia 's Sheremetyevo airport He might be killing time at the airport 's stellar TGI Friday 's Or shopping for Matryoshka dolls He sure is n't hanging out with journalists
CNN  -- World No. 1 Serena Williams survived the longest match of her career to bounce back from her Rome disappointment and reach the third round of the Madrid Open on Monday . The American was kept on court for almost three and a half hours by the 43rd-ranked Vera Dushevina before prevailing 6-7  2-7  7-6  7-5  7-6  7-5  on the clay surface . Williams had beaten the Russian convincingly in straight sets in their past two encounters , the most recent in Sydney in January , but needed to save a match-point at 6-5 down in the second set and also had to battle back from a 4-0 deficit in the deciding tie-break . The 28-year-old was relieved to go through to a tie against either 16th seed Nadia Petrova having squandered a match-point in her semifinal defeat by Jelena Jankovic at the Italian Open on Friday . "  I felt really bad about losing last time when I had match-point , so I just wanted to hang in there today , " she told the tournament 's official Web site . "  I feel really proud because I definitely was n't playing my best tennis -- I was far off from playing well . A match after three hours , at that point it 's like , ` I 'm not going to lose after three hours , I 'd better win . ' " In Monday 's other second-round clashes , Serena 's fourth-seeded older sister Venus beat Russia 's Vera Zvonareva 7-5 6-3 . Venus next faces Italian 15th seed Francesca Schiavone , who crushed Austria 's Sybille Bammer 6-2 6-1 . In the final first-round ties , world No. 2 Caroline Wozniacki crushed qualifier Petra Kvitova 6-4 6-2 , while third-ranked Dinara Safina suffered a shock 7-6 7-6 defeat against Czech qualifier Kara Zakopalova . Eighth seed Samantha Stosur beat Argentina 's Gisela Dulko 7-6  7-3  7-5 , and the Australian will face Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez on Tuesday , with the Spaniard having a bye after beating Jankovic in Saturday 's Italian Open final . Jankovic will play fellow Serbian Ana Ivanovic in a battle of former world No. 1s after both were given first-round byes . Petrova won her first-round tie against compatriot Elena Vesnina , triumphing 4-6 6-2 6-3 , while Chinese 13th seed Li Na beat Spain 's Beatriz Garcia Vidagany 6-0 6-2 to set up a clash with Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova . Italian 14th seed Flavia Pennetta defeated Romania 's Sorona Cirstea 6-1 1-6 6-1 to earn a second-round clash with German Andrea Petkovic . But 10th seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus retired while 3-0 down against Chinese wildcard Shuai Peng , who will now play Israel 's Shahar Peer or Russian Alisa Kleybanova .	Serena Williams survives longest match of her career to reach third round of Madrid Open World No. 1 beats unseeded Russian Vera Dushevina 6-7  2-7  7-6  7-5  7-6  7-5 American will next play either 16th seed Nadia Petrova or Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova Eighth seed Samantha Stosur wins to set up clash with Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez
Venice , Louisiana  CNN  -- President Obama said Sunday his administration has mounted a "  relentless response " to the oil spill unleashed by the sinking of an offshore drill rig in the Gulf of Mexico . Obama met with local , state and federal officials involved in the cleanup in southeastern Louisiana , the closest stretch of coastline threatened by the massive spill . Afterward , he said that despite "  the most advanced technology available , " the spill may not be stopped for many days . "  I 'm not going to rest , and none of the gentlemen and women who are here are going to rest or be satisfied , until the leak is stopped at the source , the oil on the Gulf is contained and cleaned up and the people of this region are able to go back to their lives and their livelihoods , " he said . "  We will spare no resource to clean up whatever damage is caused . " Obama met with the commandant of the Coast Guard , Adm. Thad Allen ; EPA administrator Lisa Jackson ; Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal ; and the presidents of several parish governments after arriving , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said . The president 's briefing included an update on the procedures being attempted to cap the well and the economic and environmental impact of the spill , Gibbs said . After landing in New Orleans , Louisiana , on Sunday , Obama joined Jindal on a two-hour drive to Venice , a staging ground for efforts to fight the growing slick . Appearing on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Allen warned that the leaking oil from a rig explosion could continue for weeks with dire consequences . "  It potentially is catastrophic , " Salazar said . "  I think we have to prepare for the worst . " That would mean oil damaging sensitive coastal wetlands and industries , including a vital fishing sector that was damaged by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . Obama initially planned to fly over the affected area by helicopter , but weather conditions prevented the flight . Before his trip , Cabinet officials warned he would find a dire situation . Officials warn of possible catastrophe Salazar blamed the explosion that caused the spill on a failure in rig technology intended to prevent so-called blowouts . "  There is no doubt at all here that what has happened is the blowout prevention mechanism at the bottom of the well ... is defective , " Salazar said . "  While there have been blowouts in the past , we have never seen anything that has been quite of this magnitude . " The well is owned by oil company BP . Lamar McKay , president of BP America , told ABC 's "  This Week " that the company does n't know why the blowout preventer failed . All three officials interviewed by CNN repeatedly emphasized that BP is legally responsible for spill and clean-up efforts . They avoided direct criticism of the company , but said BP must do more to try to cap the gushing well . Allen called the spill "  one of the most complex things we 've ever dealt with , " and said it was impossible so far to predict how much oil will eventually leak . "  If we lost a total well head , it could be 100,000 barrels or more a day , " he said . BP said two Louisiana communities , Venice and Port Fourchon , will likely be the first places hit by the oil slick . Nearly 1 million feet of booms have been deployed in an effort to protect precious estuaries and wildlife , even as thousands of barrels of crude oil continued gushing into the water . Drilling new wells to stop the flow would take a month or two , and it was unclear if the leak could be contained or slowed before then . WDSU : Rush to save Lake Pontchartrain McKay said the company is building a containment system to prevent the leaking oil from spreading , but it may take another six to eight days to deploy it . Meanwhile , the company is working to battle the slick offshore and to clean up any oil that reaches the coast . "  We 're still working hard , still working hard on the blowout preventer and see if we can actuate this piece of evidently failed equipment , " he said . But he compared that to "  doing open-heart surgery at 5,000 feet in the dark with robot-controlled submarines . " Sen. Mary Landrieu and Rep. Charlie Melancon , both of Louisiana , said they want the government to put more pressure on BP to find a solution . "  Our government needs to get somewhere between ` drill , baby , drill ' and ` spill , baby , spill , ' " Melancon said on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " Landrieu told the same program that the government should force BP to immediately start drilling remedial wells at the site "  and hope that one can fix this . " The slick has already taken a toll on life along the Gulf Coast , bringing fishing and tourism to a halt in many places and threatening to cripple those industries for weeks to come . "  I 'm pretty much on pause right now . ... It 's just a big waiting game , " said David Boola , a fisherman who operates boat trips for tourists out of Venice . WDSU : Oil spill causes empty shrimp nets Allen noted BP was deploying its top technology such as the remote operation vehicles , which the government does n't have . At the same time , Napolitano and Salazar said the Obama administration had reacted quickly to what they called an escalating situation . Napolitano noted the incident was first an explosion and fire , with a search-and-rescue effort for missing rig workers . It then worsened when the rig sank two days later , followed by the increasing oil leak , she said . While BP was the first responder , the Coast Guard reacted right away to the situation and deployed 70 vessels and 1 million feet of boom for possible service , Napolitano said . Salazar noted that the Obama administration has ordered inspections of "  blowout preventers " on other Gulf rigs . The government 's job was to "  keep the boot on the neck " of BP to ensure it meets its obligations in stopping the spill , dealing with the oil slick and paying for all costs and damages . Also on the CNN program Sunday , Florida 's Republican Senate candidate Marco Rubio called the oil slick a "  crisis " but withheld judgment on the administration 's response . According to Rubio , it appeared that much of the early information provided to the federal government by BP had been "  either inaccurate or shortcoming . " In recent days , Rubio said , "  We 've seen the administration move aggressively , and I hope aggressively enough . " BP partnered with government officials to hold town hall meetings throughout the region Saturday to respond to concerns about the spill 's consequences . But Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal suggested the response to the oil slick has so far been inadequate . "  We continue to be concerned with BP 's ability to respond to this incident , " he said . Environmentalist Richard Charter of the Defenders of Wildlife organization said the oil leak could cause damage that would last decades . "  This event is a self-feeding fire , " Charter said . "  It is so big and expanding so fast that it 's pretty much beyond human response that can be effective . "  You 're looking at a long-term poisoning of the area , " he said . "  Ultimately , this will have a multidecade impact . " The oil spill started April 20 , after an explosion on the BP contractor Transocean Ltd. 's Deepwater Horizon drilling platform . Eleven oil-rig workers remain missing and are presumed dead . The rig sank April 22 about 50 miles off the southeast coast of Louisiana , and the untapped wellhead is gushing oil into the Gulf of Mexico . About 1.6 million gallons of oil have spilled since the explosion , the Coast Guard said Saturday .	NEW : President Obama briefed on procedures used to cap well , impact of the spill NEW : "  We will spare no resource to clean up whatever damage is caused , " Obama says Gov. Bobby Jindal : Residents can see the spill , which BP could not contain last week Venice and Port Fourchon expected to be the first areas affected
It was n't supposed to turn into a cold case mystery -- or possibly solve a couple , for that matter -- when Highway Patrol Trooper George Hoyle took new sonar equipment out to an Oklahoma lake on a training mission last week . But boy have things changed . The discovery of two submerged cars -- probably there for decades -- and the six bodies inside them have folks in western Oklahoma wondering whether two old mysteries can now be put aside . The biggest question remains unanswered . How did the cars -- which faced different directions -- come to be in the lake ? The cars turned out to be a 1969 Chevrolet Camaro and a 1952 Chevrolet , sitting just 50 feet from a marina and 12 feet underwater . Lake levels are now 13 feet below normal because of a drought . Their discovery was certainly a surprise . Hoyle was testing the high-tech sonar on September 10 when he saw something he did n't expect at the bottom of Foss Lake . "  I noticed that they were cars with this side-scan sonar , " he said . "  It puts off a very good image and very detailed . I knew for a fact they were cars and they were pretty close to one another . " The cars appear to match the descriptions of the vehicles in two cases that have remained mysteries for decades . Custer County Sheriff Bruce Peoples told KOCO that one of the cars , the Camaro , may have belonged to 16-year-old Jimmy Williams , a Sayre teenager who disappeared in 1970 with two friends : Thomas Rios and Leah Johnson , both 18 . The three teenagers went missing the night of November 20 , 1970 , when they went for a ride around Sayre in Williams ' blue Camaro with a white top , according to the Doe Network , a volunteer organization that helps law enforcement solve cold cases . Williams bought the used Camaro just six days before he went missing , and the muscle car was the envy of teenage boys at the time , said Dayva Spitzer , publisher of the Sayre Record and Beckham County Democrat newspaper . Johnson was Native American and , according to Spitzer , was said to be a descendent of Sitting Bull , the legendary Indian chief who led defeated Lt. Col. George Custer in the Battle of Little Bighorn in 1876 . Local residents regarded Johnson as an Indian princess , Spitzer said . Williams and his two passengers were supposed to go to a football game , but they may have gone hunting instead , Spitzer said . Williams was a hunter , Spitzer said , and in fact , two rifles were found , rusted and corroded , in the Camaro . The three teens never returned home . At the time , the family posted a $ 500 reward in the local newspaper for "  information leading to the finding of Jimmy Williams and subsequent meeting his parents , " with a phone number . Tipsters could collect , the ad says . More recently , Williams ' brother Gary , who works on an offshore oil rig , raised the reward to $ 10,000 in 2009 , Spitzer said . Tantalizing clues emerged this week : The Camaro was found with all four windows rolled down and appeared to have entered the water backwards . The other car , a Chevy , was found with the driver 's side door open . Sheriff Peoples has n't ruled out foul play , but he suggested this week that all six deaths were likely accidents . Debbie McManaman said she believes the older car contains the remains of her grandfather , John Alva Porter . Porter , then 69 , was traveling in a green Chevy with a sibling , Alrie Porter , and friend Nora Marie Duncan , 58 , on April 8 , 1969 , when they all went missing , said Mike Nance , regional system administrator for the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System . McManaman said she used to bring her kids out to the lake to skip rocks . She said she had no idea that the answer and the clues to her grandfather 's disappearance may have been just feet away underwater . In fact , over the years , when she and her kids drove by the lake , they wondered aloud if grandpa was in the lake , she said . "  Maybe that 's where he 's at , " she said . The year he disappeared had a lot of rain , perhaps allowing a deeper lake to hide its secrets better , she said . Authorities did n't know what they had until Tuesday , when they sent down Darrell Splawn , a diver with the Highway Patrol 's underwater search and recovery team . And even then , it was tough to know anything for certain . Visibility is only about 4 inches at the bottom of the lake . There 's lots of murky muck to sift through . "  You ca n't see anything , " Splawn said . "  You basically just go down there and feel with your hands . It 's just a blind feel . " Still , he found a shoe , so they attached a tow cable and pulled the cars out . "  It did n't really cross my mind as to a body being in it , " Splawn said . "  It could have been a shoe , but whenever we brought them up to the shore ... you could see the skeletal remains in them . " A second search by the diver found a skull and a few other bones . Oklahoma deputies pull bodies from lake ; may date to '60s , 1970 disappearances Positive identification of the bodies could take years , authorities warn . They 'll try to match DNA evidence if possible . The DNA testing will take place at the University of North Texas Health Science Center , which already has DNA samples from Duncan 's relatives , said spokesman J. Todd Matthews . A muddy wallet and purse could hold some clues . While the scientists look for answers , the troopers hope they 've provided some peace of mind . "  We are very fortunate to get to help these people and give their family closure , for they have lost loved ones , " said Trooper Hoyle , who talked to the brother of one person missing for more than four decades . "  They did n't know that they were kidnapped or how they 'd become missing , but I do believe that we gave them some closure ... so that they can have some resolve and serenity in their own lives . " Evidence in killing of former beauty queen points to ex-priest Four females brought back to life by new images , DNA tests	Among missing is a Native American girl , 18 , a descendant of Sitting Bull She was in a Camaro that her friend bought six days earlier Granddaughter of another victim always drove by lake , wondering if he was in it Sheriff has n't ruled out foul play but suggests all deaths were accidents
Legazpi , Philippines  CNN  -- The deadly storm that battered the Philippines for days weakened Monday as it rumbled from one island to another , passing close to the densely populated capital city of Manila . Officials revised the death toll downward to 25 from 27 on Wednesday after two people were found alive , Philippine Red Cross Chairman Richard Gordon told CNN . Tropical Storm Hagupit , which was downgraded from typhoon strength Monday , slammed into the eastern Philippines late Saturday . It brought fierce winds and torrential rain to roughly the same region ravaged by Super Typhoon Haiyan in November last year . But while Haiyan left more than 7,000 people dead or missing , Hagupit 's toll so far remains in the double digits . Hagupit has had a powerful impact across several major Philippine islands , driving hundreds of thousands of people from their houses , tearing down trees and causing floods . It has destroyed nearly 1,000 homes , Gwendolyn Pang , the secretary general of the Philippine Red Cross , told CNN . "  I am worried -- I am thinking of my children and my grandchildren . They are so young , that 's why we 're here , " said Pilar Rangosajo , a grandmother taking refuge in an evacuation center in the city of Legazpi . "  It 's so hard for me because every typhoon damages our home . We do n't have the money to fix it . " Her concerns are common in a country where many people live in lightly built wooden houses . Teams try to reach remote areas As Hagupit -- known locally as Ruby -- continued to howl over the archipelago , officials have begun to assess the scale of the damage in the regions it hit . Emergency response teams are trying to reach some of the remote areas where little is known about the storm 's effects . But officials praised the success of efforts to relocate large numbers of people away from vulnerable coastal areas , citing fears of a repeat of last year 's devastation as a motivating factor . "  People did n't have to be pushed anymore , " Gordon said . "  They knew that they could face another Haiyan , and Haiyan killed a lot of people from storm surges . " In Tacloban , the city hardest hit by Haiyan , around half the 200,000 residents evacuated to safer areas ahead of Hagupit , the U.N. humanitarian agency OCHA Philippines said . Fishermen fear typhoon will ` destroy everything ' Heavy rain concern for capital Hagupit has been less powerful than Haiyan , but it is moving at a much slower pace . Weather forecasters said that means Hagupit will dump large amounts of heavy rain on areas in its path , increasing the risk of landslides and flash floods . "  It does n't matter right now if it 's a typhoon or tropical storm -- this is a rainmaker , " meteorologist Tom Sater said . Noel Rosal , the mayor of Legazpi , said that "  for almost 20 hours , we were battered by rain and strong winds . " Flooding concerns are particularly acute for Manila , the national capital whose metropolitan region is home to nearly 12 million people . Because of the area 's geography , many parts of Manila are susceptible to flash floods . Hagupit passed to the south of Manila late Monday and early Tuesday , over the province of Batangas . Humanitarian workers were also facing challenges coping with the sheer number of people relying on evacuation centers for support . "  Health issues are kind of difficult when you have 900,000 people crammed into rescue centers , " Gordon said , raising concerns about sanitation and respiratory illnesses in particular . Philippines gets more than its share of disasters Saima Mohsin reported from Legazpi , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat , Yoko Wakatsuki , Pedram Javaheri and Andrew Stevens contributed to this report .	Nearly 1,000 homes have been destroyed , the Red Cross says "  Every typhoon damages our home . We do n't have the money to fix it , " a grandmother says Hagupit is downgraded from a typhoon to a tropical storm as it weakens Flooding concerns for Manila as storm moves slowly across the country
Cairo  CNN  -- The next phase of Egypt 's complex elections process continues Monday , with runoff races pitting candidates vying to join the lower house of parliament . The two-day vote -- which continues into Tuesday -- comes exactly a week after Egyptians cast ballots for the first time since last February 's toppling of long-time President Hosni Mubarak . That vote ended with moderate and more conservative Islamist parties together winning big and earning a majority of seats within the new parliament , called the People 's Assembly . Such results appear to mirror recent victories by moderate Islamists in fellow North African nations Morocco and Tunisia . Presidential candidate Amr Moussa , a former Egyptian foreign minister and Arab League secretary-general , told CNN on Sunday that he expected this week 's runoff to change the final mix of parties in the legislative chamber . Still , he suggested that already the announced results should serve as a wake-up call to more liberal and sectarian factions within Egypt . "  The ... final results , I believe , will be more balanced , " predicted Moussa of the upcoming election . "  Still  , this is a message to the liberal forces that they have to come together and ... mobilize themselves in order to create a strong opposition within the parliament . " Last week , Egyptians could cast three votes : two for independent candidates and one for a party or coalition . Four independent candidates secured seats , including Amr Hamzawy , once a research director at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and a spokesman of the "  Board of Wise Men " that worked to foster negotiations between the government and anti-government protesters earlier this year . But other positions in parliament remain in limbo because no candidate won clear majorities , leading to this week 's runoff . It 's all part of a multi-step process set up that will shape the makeup of Egypt 's legislature and government going forward . The last step takes place in June with presidential elections , according to military leaders who have in effect ruled the country since Mubarak 's fall . One hot topic that will face the new government is how to handle Egypt 's currently peaceful arrangement with Israel . Under Mubarak and his secular government , Egypt and Israel forged agreements that have resulted in peace and economic cooperation between the two nations . But the successes of Islamists in elections , to date , have raised the specter that major changes , and perhaps rising tensions , could be on the horizon . The relatively moderate Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party won 40 % in the first round of voting for the lower house of parliament , according to Yousri Abdel Kareem , head of the executive office of the Higher Judicial Election Council . The second highest total , at 20 % , went to members of the Al Noor Salafi Movement , a hard-line Muslim group . Speaking to his nation 's Channel 2 on Sunday , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak called the Egyptian vote results so far "  very troubling . " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu added Sunday -- while participating in an annual state memorial service for David Ben-Gurion , Israel 's first prime minister -- that both countries would be best served by not significantly altering their relationship . "  I hope that whichever government takes power in Egypt would recognize the importance of maintaining the peace agreement with Israel , " he said . "  There is an importance in recognizing the peace with Israel , both as a value of its own and as a basis for the financial and security stability of the region . " But Moussa said that change may be inevitable , given that "  the Middle East of last year is ... gone for good . " He claimed it should be no surprise that a "  new Arab world " would want a "  new set of relations , " stressing that Israel will more likely have positive relationships with its neighbors once it ends its "  occupation " of Palestinian territories . "  The Israelis must sit now and reflect . Egypt is no  longer  the Egypt they knew  and  the other neighbors are not the same and will not be the same , " Moussa said . "  There is a window of opportunity for all of us to solve the problems and move on in a totally new era , including Israel . " CNN 's Jim Clancy and Guy Azriel and journalist Mohamed Fahmy Fadel contributed to this report .	A two-day runoff starts Monday for remaining seats in Egypt 's parliament Islamist parties did very well in the first round of voting , held last week Israeli leaders call results so far "  troubling , " say Egypt should n't alter its relations Amr Moussa says it 's expected a "  new Arab world " wants a "  new set of relations "
New York  CNN  -- Brooklyn Nets coach and former 10-time NBA All-Star Jason Kidd pleaded guilty Tuesday to a misdemeanor drunk-driving charge stemming from a 2012 arrest , according to authorities . Kidd 's plea can be reduced to a violation of "  driving while ability impaired " if he completes his community service , according to the Suffolk County prosecutor 's office . He has agreed to speak to Long Island high school students about the dangers of drunk driving . Kidd was arrested by Southampton Town police on July 15 , 2012 , after his SUV smashed a utility pole against several trees , according to police records . At the time of his arrest , Kidd refused a breathalyzer test and a blood test . The DWI charge was based on the arresting officer 's assessment that Kidd smelled strongly of alcohol , had slurred speech , and had "  bloodshot , watery and glassy eyes , " the Suffolk County prosecutor 's office said . Kidd told police that he was on his way home from having a few drinks at a club . "  Jason has taken responsibility for his actions , and fully realizes that he needs to grow from this experience , " Brooklyn Nets General Manager Bill King said Tuesday . "  We are confident he will make these strides on a personal level and have a positive effect on others as well . " Kidd 's attorney , Eddie Burke Jr. was not immediately available for comment . The NBA 's senior vice president for communications , Tim Frank , responded to a CNN inquiry with , "  I have no statement . "	Brooklyn Nets coach Jason Kidd was charged with DWI last July He pleaded guilty Tuesday , the Suffolk County prosecutor 's office said The charge can be reduced if he completes required community service Kidd has agreed to speak to high school students about the dangers of drunk driving
CNN  -- If he had been listening from his car Monday morning , radio veteran Steak Shapiro knew what he would have thought of a bit mocking a former New Orleans Saint now battling Lou Gehrig 's disease . "  I would have been offended . " Why ? The now former host of "  Mayhem in the AM " on Atlanta 's 790 The Zone offered up plenty of reasons in an interview Tuesday with CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . And none of his descriptions of the now infamous two-minute radio bit were positive . Stupid . Not thought out . Offensive . Awful . And not funny . "  You walk a fine line trying to be somewhat on the edge , " Shapiro said . "  We blew it . We blew it in a huge way . " Shapiro and the show 's two other hosts -- Chris Dimino and Nick Cellini -- were fired Monday evening . It all started , he explained , as the show 's crew batted around ideas during a commercial break . The Atlanta Falcons are big in Georgia , and the New Orleans Saints are likely their biggest rivals . And it just so happened that Gleason , one of the men most associated with the Louisiana team , had been the guest writer for Peter King 's popular "  Monday Morning Quarterback " column this week on SI.com . But Gleason is n't just any Saint . He 's a hero in New Orleans not just for his play as a defensive back but , more recently , for his battle against amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , a neuromuscular disease also known by its acronym ALS and as Lou Gehrig 's disease . The illness has hindered many of Gleason 's functions , but it has n't stopped him . To put together the column , he pointed out , he used technology that allowed him to type with his eyes . Gleason also explained his struggles with , and triumphs over , the disease . "  ALS prevents your brain from talking to your muscles . As a result , muscles die . As a result , every 90 minutes people die , " he wrote . "  I am a person . " The "  Mayhem in the AM " crew decided to spoof Gleason 's illness , specifically , the fact he speaks with a synthetic voice . The segment featured punchlines of an imaginary Gleason telling knock-knock jokes , using a would-be synthesizer , with punchlines like "  Smother me , do me a favor . " On Tuesday , Shapiro offered no defense for the segment , which he described as quickly conceived and ill-advised . At the outset , he realized the bit was n't funny but was n't prepared as it quickly got slammed on social media and beyond . "  The pressure is to try to do a good radio show , and that was n't a good moment , " Shapiro recalled . "  It was a horrible moment . " Within hours , the radio station and its parent company had suspended Cellini , Dimino and Shapiro . By day 's end , they were all out of a job . "  790 The Zone , our owners , sponsors and partners in no way endorse or support this kind of content . We sincerely apologize to Mr. Gleason , his family and all those touched by ALS , " Rick Mack , the station 's general manager , said in a statement All three hosts have apologized on Twitter and personally to the Team Gleason foundation , as Gleason himself wrote on Facebook . "  Received and accepted , " he wrote . "  We have all made mistakes in this life . How we learn from our mistakes is the measure of who we are . " Since the story broke , Gleason said , there 's been a lot of talk about ALS , an ailment he characterizes as being "  not  well  understood ... and largely ignored . " Hopefully , this unintentional uproar will help change that , he said . That 's Shapiro 's hope as well . At the same time , he 's personally shaken for his part in offending so many -- including Gleason , those fighting ALS and the city of New Orleans . The 18-year radio veteran knows New Orleans well : he attended Tulane University , was married in the city and even has a daughter named Nola . "  It 's a place I understand their passions and their heroes , " Shapiro said , counting Gleason as one such hero . "  And to make fun of those , it 's an awful thing . I feel awful about it . " Outrage over radio hosts ' comments is hardly unprecedented , especially in a "  shock jock " age in which some push the line in order to entertain listeners . And sometimes the hosts get fired . That 's what happened when Gregg Hughes and Anthony Cumia 's "  Opie and Anthony " show got pulled in 2002 for a stunt in which they broadcast descriptions of people having sex in public places , including New York 's St. Patrick Cathedral . Five years later , CBS abruptly ended Don Imus ' radio show after his remarks about Rutgers University 's women 's basketball program that some deemed racist and sexist . Both Imus and "  Opie and Anthony " are still in the radio business and have nationwide followings . More recently , two popular Australian radio DJs made headlines for a prank call targeting a pregnant Catherine Duchess of Cambridge that was followed by the suicide of a nurse fooled by their call . Those radio hosts were suspended , not fired . That 's what should have happened to Cellini , Dimino and Shapiro , according to Sirius XM radio host Jay Thomas of New Orleans , where he says "  Steve Gleason is an icon . " Thomas is an accomplished actor , winning three Emmy awards as Candice Bergen 's love interest , talk show host Jerry Gold , on "  Murphy Brown . " He also worked on "  Cheers , " playing hockey star Eddie LeBec , husband of Rhea Perlman 's Carla Tortelli . Thomas -- who admits being a "  huge Saints fan " who does n't like Atlanta -- believes 790 the Zone 's management overreacted to "  a bad joke . " He noted that TV shows such as "  Family Guy " have repeatedly featured caricatures of Steven Hawking , who also has ALS and uses a synthetic voice , in its shows with no equivalent uproar . The Atlanta saga would have ended better if the fired radio hosts , after being suspended for some time , had returned to talk about ALS with Gleason and raised money for the cause , said Thomas . "  That was a dumb thing to say , but no one is yelling for them to get fired , " Thomas told CNN . " ... It 's a terrible thing , a stupid thing . But yeah , you make mistakes . " CNN 's Matt Smith and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	An Atlanta radio station fires three hosts for mocking ex-Saints player Steve Gleason Gleason has ALS and speaks with a synthetic voice , which the hosts spoofed Accepting the hosts ' apologies , Gleason says he hopes more learn about ALS A New Orleans-based radio host says the hosts should n't have been fired
CNN  -- Texas authorities are investigating "  the safety of children " at a ranch occupied by about 400 followers of polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs , officials said Friday . An aerial view taken last year shows some living quarters at polygamist leader Warren Jeffs ' Texas ranch . Authorities have sealed off the 1,900-acre ranch near Eldorado and no one is allowed to enter or leave , officials with Child Protective Services and the Department of Public Safety said . The people living at the ranch are cooperating , authorities said . Escorted by police , social workers entered the compound in south central Texas at 8 p.m. Thursday after receiving "  a referral , " said Child Protective Services spokeswoman Marleigh Meisner . Watch police seal off the compound " Child Protective Services "  is conducting an investigation into safety issues of the children who live within the compound , " she said . Meisner would not provide details about the referral but did say officials responded "  within days " of receiving it . As of Friday morning , Meisner added , her agency had "  not determined that there is a safety issue with these children . " Several law enforcement agencies are assisting with the investigation , said Tela Mange , of the Texas Department of Public Safety . "  The people at the ranch have been cooperative and they are providing the investigators with everyone they want to talk to , " she said . Jeffs ' Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints  FLDS  bought 1,900 acres near Eldorado four years ago and built the ranch , which they call the YFZ Ranch . It is now home to as many as 400 members who relocated from their Arizona and Utah compounds . Jeffs , the 52-year-old leader and "  prophet " of the 10,000-member church , was convicted in Utah last year on two counts of being an accomplice to rape , charges related to a marriage he performed in 2001 . He still faces trial in Arizona on eight charges of sexual conduct with a minor , incest and conspiracy . State and local law enforcement agencies set up roadblocks around the ranch Thursday evening , preventing journalists from seeing what was happening on the property , according to Randy Mankin , editor of the Eldorado Success weekly newspaper . "  This came totally out of the blue , " Mankin said . There were no indications of any violence around the ranch , he said . When CNN crews have visited the ranch , it was guarded by armed men equipped with night vision gear and other high-tech surveillance tools to prevent intruders . When CNN flew over the ranch in a small plane last year , the crew saw a massive temple , the three-story housing units where Jeffs ' chosen followers live , the water tower , the school and community center , the dairy and cheese factory and a massive concrete mill . The FLDS church openly practices polygamy in two towns straddling the Arizona-Utah state line -- Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona. , but members living on their Texas ranch rarely venture into Eldorado , four miles to the south . Critics of the sect say it arranges marriages for girls as young as 13 , and that competition for brides may be reduced through exiling young men . If male followers are excommunicated , the critics claim , their wives and children can be reassigned to someone else . Jeffs is now being held in the Mohave County Jail in Kingman , Arizona , where he will be tried on charges of being an accomplice to incest and sex with minors . In November , Jeffs was sentenced to 10 years in jail after being convicted of two charges of accomplice to rape . E-mail to a friend	NEW : State Child Protective Services agents interviewing children NEW : No one permitted to enter or leave 1,900-acre Texas compound Ranch home to hundreds of followers of polygamist leader Warren Jeffs Jeffs in Arizona jail awaiting trial ; sentenced to 10 years in prison last year
KAMPALA , Uganda  CNN  -- Gunshots rang out in Uganda 's capital Saturday in a fresh burst of unrest after loyalists of a traditional kingdom battled with government forces for a third day . Residents of the Kasubi suburb , west of Kampala , try to flee from violence as a soldier takes photos . Local media reports put the death toll at 13 since the rioting started , but attempts by CNN to confirm with local authorities were unsuccessful . An uneasy calm had swept over Kampala early in the day as police and the army patrolled the city in military convoys . By midafternoon , witnesses reported gunshots and isolated cases of riots . The unrest Saturday started after rumors circulated by text messages that the king of the Buganda kingdom had been detained , said Judith Nabakooba , a police spokeswoman . But a Buganda kingdom official refuted the rumor . "  It is not true -- the king has not been arrested , " David Mpanga said . Tensions between the Buganda kingdom -- headed by King Ronald Mutebi II -- and President Yoweri Museveni have intensified in recent years . The two sides spar over land , sovereignty and political power . Kings in the east African nation are limited to a ceremonial role overseeing traditional and cultural affairs . Museveni has accused the Buganda kingdom , which is made of of Bagandans , of receiving foreign funding to carry out a hate campaign against the government . Bagandans are the dominant ethnicity and one of four ancient kingdoms in the nation . Violence flared Thursday when the government said it would not allow the Buganda king to travel to an area inhabited by a renegade rival group . The president said he tried to contact the king to discuss the issue as "  mature people , " but he could not reach him by phone . After the travel ban , young Bagandans took the streets , stealing ammunition from a police station and confronting officers , whom they accused of harassment . Police and army officers were injured , and at least four people were killed , the nation 's police chief , Maj. Gen. Kale Kayihura said Friday . Rioters also burned tires and cars , set buildings on fire and looted stores , according to witnesses . The streets in the capital were strewn with debris Saturday , including torched cars and burned tires . "  Soldiers are walking in a single file , waiting for rioters and ready to confront them , " said Allan Mugabi , a resident of Kampala . Journalist Samson Ntale contributed to this report	Local media put death toll from riots at 13 , CNN unable to confirm figure Violence flared Thursday after government imposed travel ban on Buganda king Witnesses say young Bagandans burned tires , cars and looted stores Tension between splintered kingdom and Uganda 's president has been on rise
Oprah.com  -- For as long as I 've been alive , my parents have hosted the first night 's Passover seder . As our family matured and expanded , and as the seder became more inclusive  coming to accommodate first and second cousins , teachers from our school , family friends and near-strangers who happened to be passing through town  , we moved the proceedings from our dining room to the basement . Previously on CNN : The Foer Questions One table became many pushed awkwardly together : the plastic folding table , the pingpong and bumper-pool tables , four card tables ... all covered in matching , if wine-stained , tablecloths . Oprah.com : How to connect to the present moment At each setting was a Haggadah that my father had cobbled together the week before by Xeroxing favorite passages from other Haggadahs and , more recently , by printing online sources . Because on this night copyright does n't apply ... I 'm not an observant Jew and would n't be considered religious by most definitions  including my own  . But this oldest of rituals , which conveys the oldest of stories , could n't possibly feel more contemporary or important to me -- especially now that I 'm a father . Oprah.com : Your father , yourself : 6 women look back on their dads Religion snuck up on me as a parent . Throughout my childhood , I spent Sunday mornings and Wednesday afternoons promising my future children that they would never waste their Sunday mornings and Wednesday afternoons at Hebrew school . And yet when the time comes -- my wife and I are still a few years away -- it 's hard to imagine doing anything terribly unlike what our parents did . Or their parents . Or their parents ' parents ' parents ' parents ... traditions of all kinds compel our parenting choices .  This is true for everything from the "  cinnamon oatmeal " I cook my children for breakfast to the stories I read to them at bedtime . But so does the desire to get it slightly more right : to put lessons learned in my own life to use , or simply to shape traditions to fit the contemporary moment .  We are raising our children vegetarian and often invent our own stories to tell them in bed .  It 's a balancing act : How do you bind yourself to the old , without binding yourself ? Oprah.com : What Oprah knows for sure about growing up And there 's something else going on , too -- something beyond tradition , and inherited values , even beyond reason . Children evoke what Abraham Joshua Heschel called "  radical amazement . " If you 've ever stood at the edge of the ocean before a storm or watched a solar eclipse in a puddle , you know what this is -- when the question being begged is not how something works , but why . And at this stage in my life , there is no more radically amazing why than the faces of my sons . Oprah.com : 12 ways to entertain kids  Without resorting to a DVD All those years ago , we were doing more in my parents ' basement than just fulfilling a ritual , or telling a story , or transmitting values : We were setting aside some time from the bustle of our daily existence to engage with a question that has no answer , but whose asking reminds us of the scales and stakes of our lives : "  Why are we who we are ? " The question inspires amazement . Religion -- even for the unreligious -- can be a powerful way , perhaps even the most powerful way , to engage with our amazement . I do n't especially care whether or not my children believe in God , but I can think of nothing more important or powerful to instill in them than the experience of wonder . And for us , this happens at a pushed-together table with a wine-stained tablecloth . Oprah.com : 18 questions that everyone 's too afraid to ask Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	"  I would n't be considered religious by most definitions , " says Foer Foer says Haggadah could n't feel more important to him now that he 's a father Even for the unreligious , religion can be a powerful way to engage amazement
CNN  -- A torrent of leaked U.S. diplomatic cables obtained by the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks has been published in the last few days , with at least 170 of them naming sources whose identity was meant to be protected , according to an analysis of the documents by CNN . Altogether nearly 143,000 of the cables obtained by WikiLeaks last year had been published by Tuesday , out of a total of 251,000 the group says it possesses . Academics in China , human rights activists in Syria , bankers in Turkey , a Coca-Cola executive in Nepal and British members of Parliament are among dozens of confidential sources named in the cables , which have appeared unredacted on websites such as cablesearch.org . On its website Tuesday , WikiLeaks said it had published 133,877 cables in the past week , but has denied any part in releasing unredacted cables , maintaining that it was "  totally false " to suggest it had exposed any sources . On its Twitter feed WikiLeaks said : "  The issue relates to a mainstream media partner and a malicious individual . " WikiLeaks originally worked with a number of media outlets to redact the cables , but has recently fallen out with several of them , including The New York Times and The Guardian in the UK . WikiLeaks said a story on the latest releases that appeared in Tuesday 's edition of The New York Times , was a "  sleazy hack job . " Just how the unredacted cables found their way onto websites remains a matter of dispute . Last week a German magazine , Der Freitag , said it had found a large encrypted file online and was able to obtain the password to unlock it . The WikiLeaks website was only intermittently available late Tuesday and Wednesday . The group said it had been a target of a cyber attack , saying on its Twitter feed Tuesday : "  WikiLeaks.org is presently under attack . " Responding to the latest releases , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Tuesday : "  We continue to carefully monitor what becomes public and to take steps to mitigate the damage to national security and to assist those who may be harmed by these illegal disclosures to the extent that we can . " The U.S. government has previously said that it reached out to sources whose names were in the cables . Some at risk from possible exposure in the cables are said to have been relocated . Some sources face at worst potential embarrassment by being identified as sources , and many of the cables are marked as "  confidential " rather than "  secret . " But for others , especially in states with authoritarian regimes , their contacts with U.S. officials may be more hazardous . One cable sent from the U.S. embassy in Syria in 2009 requested that the identity of three sources be strictly protected . Two were human rights activists , one of whom was briefly detained this year as unrest spread across the country . It does not appear that the activist 's detention in May was linked to the cable . A "  confidential " cable sent from the U.S. Embassy in Beirut in 2007 discussed Lebanese judges who might be nominated to the Special U.N. Tribunal investigating the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . The cable , from then U.S. Ambassador Jeffrey Feltman , notes : "  Strictly protect . These persons are at risk of being threatened or assassinated for agreeing to act as Tribunal judges . " The cable goes on to say that one possible nominee had confided to U.S. diplomats that "  as an unmarried bachelor with no children and no close relatives in Lebanon , he is more dispensable than judges with family obligations . " Another cable that quoted several representatives of Vietnam 's Muslim community was marked "  Protect all . " A cable from the embassy in Beijing discussed alleged links between pollution and birth defects . Two expert informants -- both Chinese -- were marked "  strictly protect " , one of whom confided that "  the Chinese government , in her view , does "  not encourage " information about the relationship between pollution and birth defects to be made available . Not all those identified are informants . One cable names 23 Australians alleged to have had contact with the radical Islamist cleric Anwar al Awlaki in Yemen . The cable , sent by the U.S. Embassy in Canberra in January 2010 recommends that all of them are placed on no-fly or terrorism watch lists . The Australian Attorney General Robert McClelland condemned the publication of the cable Tuesday -- saying that in the past "  WikiLeaks has decided to redact identifying features where security operations or safety could be put at risk . This has not occurred in this case . " WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange responded that the Australian government had been caught "  ratting out 23 Australians to the US embassy without due process . " U.S. diplomats fear that the sudden release of so many cables , including the identities of many informants , will have a chilling effect on sources in the future , as well as posing problems for some of those now readily identifiable through the unredacted cables circulating online . Atika Shubert contributed to this report	At least 170 cables name sources whose identity was meant to be protected WikiLeaks says it has been a target of a cyber attack Some sources face potential embarrassment Others in authoritarian states face more hazards
CNN  -- As dozens of Palestinian rockets rained down on southern Israel , the country 's air force carried out new raids on positions in Gaza on Wednesday . Two days of airstrikes have killed four Palestinians , at least two of them identified as militants . Attacks and counterattacks between the two sides are a frequent occurrence but appear to have escalated in the past two days . On Tuesday night , the Israeli military said its aircraft had targeted two rocket-launching squads in northern Gaza as they prepared to fire into southern Israel . That attack killed two militants from Al-Qassam , the military wing of Hamas , and wounded two others . But the barrage of rockets continued , with more than 65 fired from Gaza in an eight-hour period , the military said Wednesday morning . Israeli aircraft struck Gaza again early Wednesday , killing two people and seriously wounding nine others , said Ashraf al-Qidra , the spokesman for the health ministry in Gaza . The strike targeted a rocket-launching site in northern Gaza , the Israel Defense Forces said , adding that its tanks had also shelled "  terrorist targets . " The Palestinian rocket attacks wounded three Thai workers in Israel , hospital officials said . Israeli areas across Gaza are under heightened alert amid fears that more rockets could be launched . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Wednesday that Israel "  neither chose nor initiated this escalation , but if it continues , we are prepared for much more extensive and deeper action . In any case , we will continue with preventative operations . Whoever intends to attack Israeli citizens needs to know that he will bear the consequences . " Defense Minister Ehud Barak toured areas hit by rockets in southern Israel and said the military "  is working efficiently against all the terror elements . Since the beginning of the month , 15 active terrorists have been killed in the act , and more have been injured . " He wished a speedy recovery to those injured by rockets fired from Gaza . "  Hamas will receive its punishment for what has happened here , " he vowed , promising that Israel will "  work with patience and level-headedness . " "  There is no way to eliminate the hatred or hostility entrenched in Hamas . But the IDF will act on the border , from the air and in any other necessary way in order to strike down those who attempt to cause us harm , " he said . Are you there ? Share your story with CNN iReport , but please stay safe . The latest violence came after the emir of Qatar , Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani , visited Gaza on Tuesday , becoming the first head of state to visit since Egypt and Israel instituted a blockade in 2007 . Annual Qatari aid to Palestinians in Gaza will increase from $ 250 million to $ 400 million , Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniya said in Khan Younis in southern Gaza . In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said U.S. officials "  share Qatar 's deep concern for the welfare of the Palestinian people , including those residing in Gaza . " But she expressed continuing concern over the "  destabilizing role " of Hamas , which has governed Gaza since 2007 . CNN 's Michael Schwartz and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Hamas will receive its punishment , " Ehud Barak says Attacks and counterattacks have escalated in the past two days The Palestinian rocket attacks wound three Thai workers in Israel The emir of Qatar visits Gaza and will increase aid
CNN  -- Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored his third goal in as many games to continue his return to form and lift Barcelona to the top of Spain 's La Liga on Saturday night . The Sweden striker , who was criticized after his scoring streak dried up in the first two months of this year , netted the only goal against fourth-placed Mallorca to put the defending champions three points clear of Real Madrid . Real can return to the summit on goal difference with victory in Sunday 's Madrid derby against Atletico . Mallorca had won 12 of 13 matches at home this season , and should have taken the lead in the second minute when Aritz Aduriz smashed a shot against the post . Barcelona started with top scorer Lionel Messi and playmaker Xavi on the bench , while ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League quarterfinal at English club Arsenal , while Thierry Henry and Gerard Pique were also rested . The European champions had a goal disallowed in the 12th minute when young winger Pedro Rodriguez was ruled to be offside . Mallorca keeper Dudu Aouate then denied Gabriel Milito and Ibrahimovic , and the islanders hit the post again just before halftime from Borja Valero 's free-kick . Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola brought on Messi for Andres Iniesta seven minutes after the break , and Xavi replaced Yaya Toure around the hour mark . The move worked as Ibrahimovic pounced to score his 15th goal this season from close range in the 63rd minute after Pepe Luis Marti deflected Xavi 's corner at his own goalkeeper , and Aouate could only manage a reflex block . Aouate did well to tip over a fierce Messi drive , and the in-form Argentina forward -- named the world 's highest-earning player during the week -- should have doubled Barcelona 's lead but surprisingly fired well over the bar . The Catalans then played out for time to clinch a 26th clean sheet this season for goalkeeper Victor Valdes . Mallorca can lose fourth place if Sevilla win at Villarreal on Sunday . Third-placed Valencia remained six points ahead of Mallorca after losing 3-0 to struggling Real Zaragoza in Saturday 's late match . Valencia went behind four minutes before halftime to a thunderous left-foot shot from Uruguayan defender Diogo , and were reduced to 10 men just before the break when Nikola Zigic received a second yellow card . The giant Serbian was given a rare start in place of star striker David Villa , but was given an early bath after making an awkward lunge at a defender . Angel Javier Arizmendi doubled the lead with a goal against his former club in the 63rd minute after Edmilson 's fine long pass helped him beat the offside trap , and Jiri Jarosik made it 3-0 eight minutes later as he stuck out a leg to divert a corner into the net . The win lifted Zaragoza four points clear of the relegation zone , with third-bottom Tenerife coming from behind to draw 1-1 at Malaga in the early match .	Barcelona move three points clear of Real Madrid with 1-0 victory at Mallorca Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic nets winner for his third goal in a week Real can return to top on goal difference with win in Sunday 's derby against Atletico Third - placed Valencia crash to a 3-0 defeat at lowly Zaragoza as Nikola Zigic is sent off
CNN  -- Do 41,363 days sound like much time ? You very likely wo n't live that long , but James Sisnett did . That 's long enough to have seen the first silent movie , when it came out , provided a movie theater even existed back then on the island of Barbados , where Sisnett spent his life . He was three years old the first time Orville Wright took the first ever flight in an airplane and barely a teenager when World War I broke out . When he died Thursday , Sisnett was the oldest man in the Western Hemisphere , whose age had been validated , according to the Gerontology Research Group . He was likely the second oldest man on the planet . GRG is a private organization that verifies the ages of centenarians , people over 100 years of age , and supercentenarians , people over 110 . Living as long as Sisnett did is quite a feat , but since women outlive men on the whole , there are a few women still alive between Canada and Argentina , who are even older than he was , according to GRG . Five of them live in the United States . The verified oldest living person in the world is Jiroemon Kimura of Japan . He turned 116 in April , GRG said . The oldest person who ever lived was Louise Calment of France , a woman who topped 122 years , the Guinness Book of World Records reports . On the island of Barbados , which is less than 30 miles long , Sisnett was a celebrity , family member Gerard Sisnett told CNN . He was considered a living reference for historic events there , where he was known under the nickname "  Grandad . " As a symbol of honor , he was given the keys to the capital of Bridgetown when he turned 100 . That was well over a decade ago . The government may make the national stadium available for his funeral , Gerard Sisnett said . James Sisnett was born in the last year of the 19th century , on February 22 , 1900 , and was 113 years and 90 days old , when he passed away in his sleep , Gerard Sisnett said . That 's 41,363 days , including 28 extra days for leap years . Originally a blacksmith by trade , Grandad retired in 1970 . He was about 70 years of age then . That 's nearly three years more than the average lifespan in the United States . Seventy years add up to 25,550 days , not including extra days from leap years . Seize one , while you can .	James Sisnett is celebrated as a witness to history on his native Barbados He was likely the second oldest man alive when he died at 113 As a child , he may have heard the news of the first airplane flight Sisnett was born in the 19th century
Jazz vocalist Gloria Lynne , whose career included dozens of albums and whose signature song was "  I Wish You Love , " has died , her son said . She was 83 . Lynne died Tuesday night at Columbus Long-Term Acute Care Hospital in Newark , New Jersey , of a heart attack . Born in New York in 1929 , she sang as a child in church , then won an amateur contest at age 15 at Harlem 's Apollo Theater , said her son , P.J. Allen . The prize : $ 15 , $ 5 of which she lost when her mother slapped the bills out of her hand upon discovering she had entered the contest without telling her . Soon , she was signed by Everest Records . "  But her real break came with Harry Belafonte 's ` Strolling '20s , ' " Allen said , referring to the 1966 television special that included Duke Ellington , Sidney Poitier , Nipsey Russell , Sammy Davis Jr. and Diahann Carroll . "  After that , she got the song , ' I Wish You Love , ' " by Charles Trenet . Lynne was also an accomplished writer , said Allen , who cited her autobiography and said she was working on a sitcom to have been called "  Bus Buddies " at the time of her death . It was "  about the time in her life when she rode a bus , when she was out of the business for a little while , " he said . "  She met a lot of people , some of whom were very funny . " Though her songs were widely popular , Lynne made her living neither through her writing nor through her nearly 400 recordings , but through live performances , Allen said . "  She got ripped off , " he said about the recordings . Everest has since closed . Still , the lack of payoff "  never soured her on the business , " he said . "  She once quoted to me a line from the movie , ` All About Eve . ' One of the characters says , ` At least you get applause . ' That was always her . " Lynne herself cited the problem in a 2009 interview for the Apollo Theater and Columbia Center for Oral History Collection . "  I have never made any money making records , and I 've made a bunch of them , " she said . But , she added , she always had a response when people would ask her why she continued to sing . "  I said because it was my way of getting music out of me onto the public . Other than that , I would n't have anything . If I had stopped and said , ` Well , no , they 're not paying me . I 'm not going to do any -- ' I could n't do that . I could n't throw away what gift I had because of the money . So God gave me another way . I worked for Bank of America , I did temp work , anything I could do . " Lynne last performed on August 27 at 54 Below in New York , said Todd Barkan , who produced the show and knew her for 40 years . "  She was really a giant of American jazz singing , but she never really got the recognition she so richly deserved , and lived the last 20 or 30 years of her life in relative obscurity , " he said . "  It 's a brutal business and Gloria was a victim of that brutality , for sure . But she was one of our greatest singers , she was a true angel , no doubt about it . " "  Gloria Lynne was one of the great female jazz vocalists & lyricists of our time , " said blues legend B.B. King . "  She left the world with her beautiful music and will be missed by all the people whose lives she touched . Gloria was truly a jazz legend . " Publicist Dell Long , who worked for Lynne since the 1990s , said funeral plans were being finalized . "  She lived her song , ' I Wish You Love , ' " Long said . "  She 's all about pure love . Her voice never petered . To this day , she sang those original notes like she did in her teens and 20s . " Long added , "  She said when she sang the notes she heard them for the first time . " People we lost in 2013	"  A jazz legend , " says B.B. King But Harry Belafonte show gave her a big break , her son says Lynne last performed on August 27 at 54 Below in New York Lynne won an amateur contest at age 15 at Harlem 's Apollo Theater
CNN  -- Authorities have launched an investigation into how dispatchers handled 911 calls from those seeking help before , they say , Josh Powell killed his sons and himself in his Washington home . Critics have said it took too long for dispatchers to grasp the danger of the situation and alert police . "  We will investigate all aspects of this incident , and if there is a need to refine our processes ,  as we do continually  we will do so , " said Tom Orr , director of the Law Enforcement Support Agency , which operates the 911 call center . "  If there is a need to investigate from a disciplinary perspective and assign individual responsibility , we will do that as well . " Call center records show that it took eight minutes for the dispatcher to send a police car , and it took an additional 13 minutes for a police car to get to Powell 's home , CNN affiliate KCPQ reported . Orr 's comments come as the community come to grips with Sunday 's murder-suicide at Powell 's Graham , Washington home . Powell is accused of snatching his young sons from a social worker who was delivering them for a supervised visit , locking the door , hacking the kids with a hatchet and starting an explosive fire in the home . Tapes of 911 conversations , released this week , detail the frantic social worker trying to get help . After tragedy , Erin Burnett reflects on the difficult job of the social worker But even after she told a dispatcher that she smelled gasoline and Powell would not let her in the home , a dispatcher continued to ask questions about her job and says "  life-threatening situations come first . " "  This could be life-threatening , " the social worker pleads . "  He was in court on Wednesday and he did n't get his kids back and this is really ... I ` m afraid for their lives . " The social worker 's husband said she was badly shaken up . "  She 's very upset and traumatized . She has said that she thinks this is something that is going to be a life-changing event , " the husband told KCPQ . There has been some criticism of the 911 operator 's responses to the social worker . Ed Troyer , spokesman for the Pierce County Sheriff 's Department , said he wished the operator 's "  etiquette " would have been different , but information gathering on such calls can take time . "  We try to get it right every single time . With humans here sometimes , there are mistakes made . I ca n`t tell you whether that was the case here until the investigation is complete , " Orr told the affiliate . Services for Charlie , 7 , and Braden Powell , 5 , will be held Saturday . Family members said they were having a hard time dealing with their grief . "  How could you do that to your children ? " their grandfather , Chuck Cox , told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Wednesday night . Cox said the social worker should not have been taking the boys to Powell 's residence alone . "  I 'm glad she is safe , " he said . "  She could very well have been in that house . He could have closed the door behind her . " Powell was embroiled in an ugly custody dispute with the Cox family that stems back to the 2009 disappearance of his wife , Susan Cox-Powell . According to investigators , Powell had said the last time he saw his wife was the night he and his sons -- then ages 2 and 4 -- left to go camping after midnight in freezing weather . Police have said they will continue to investigate her disappearance despite the deaths . Chuck Cox said he tried to prevent the visitation . "  We had warned the police ... everybody , that he  Josh Powell  was capable of hurting those children and we were very concerned , " he said . But , apparently , the law allowed for it , according to Cox . "  I do n't think we could have done anything more , " he said . The grandfather restated his belief that his son-in-law , whom he described as very controlling and unlikeable , is responsible for Susan Cox-Powell 's disappearance . According to Chuck Cox , Josh Powell bristled when he heard or saw evidence that the boys were close to their grandparents . The Coxes said the boys at first would not talk about their missing mother , but they then opened up a little bit . One said he last saw her on a camping trip , Chuck Cox told HLN . But then they would forget details or not want to talk about her . "  They went back to a trained and coached response , " the grandfather said . "  Josh did n't want them saying anything about it . " CNN 's Thelma Gutierrez , Ashley Hayes , Tina Burnside , Sara Weisfeldt and HLN 's Alexis Weed and Phil Rosenbaum contributed to this report .	Critics have said it took too long for dispatchers to alert police "  We will investigate all aspects of this incident , " official says A public funeral for boys is set for Saturday Josh Powell was a suspect in the 2009 disappearance of his wife , Susan Cox-Powell
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In 2008 , as the financial crisis reverberated around the globe , Allan Chau worried how his business manufacturing parts for the auto industry would weather the downturn . But the Hong Kong-based factory owner did n't look for ways to cut costs or hire a management expert . Instead , he consulted a feng shui master , who recommended moving the factory gate from the south side to the west . "  A lot of people went bankrupt that year but our sales doubled , " says Chau , the general manager of Tien Po Precision Manufacturing . Chau , who has been consulting feng shui masters for two decades , embodies Asia 's embrace of the old and the new in its approach to doing business . He has an advanced degree in engineering from Cornell University in the United States and employs 1,400 at a company that turns over $ 2 million a year . Despite Western skepticism , for him feng shui is an essential business tool . "  I only believe in numbers but I have an open mind , " says Chau . An ancient Chinese system of boosting your luck through the positioning of objects and of predicting fortunes through dates and traditional texts , feng shui -- literally wind water -- is used in a variety of different ways . Shopping malls , office towers and casinos across Asia draw on its principles in their design in an attempt to create prosperity . And individuals often consult feng shui masters to decide on the best date to get married , give birth or move house . Chau says feng shui masters have helped him solve a variety of problems that have cropped up at his company , and , in some years , he has spent up to $ 100,000 on consultations . Most recently , he sought advice on a staff issue after a number of long-serving technicians working at his factory in China left on bad terms . In a bid to get the compensation laid-off workers are entitled to , the technicians started turning up to work and doing nothing . Chau said he had little choice but to fire them and pay up . Fed up , he asked his feng shui adviser to pay a visit . He told Chau the toilet door faced the main entrance and the bad air flow meant people did not leave happily . "  He said why do n't you build a wall to block the air flow , " said Chau . "  After the change , I did n't pay a penny more , " he said . At the behest of various feng shui masters , Chau has also changed the color of the blinds in his conference room from green to milky white and added an aquarium to his office . However , he has so far resisted advice to move his Hong Kong head office from its current location : "  That 's talking about real money . " Kerby Kuek , the feng shui master who helped Chau with his staff problem , says that 60 % of his clients are businesses . The run-up to the Lunar New Year , which this year began on February 10 , is Kuek 's busiest time as clients want their "  annual audit " to maximize their good fortune in the year to come . Before meeting the client , he will study their office floor plan and log onto Google Maps to form a better understanding of the building 's location . "  Feng shui deals with the natural environment . We try to harness the kind energy and avoid unkind energies , " he says . His advice ranges from the office layout to the right color of staff uniform to changing light bulbs and fixing cracked tables -- particularly if they are located in the southern corner of the office , which signifies fire and passion . He will also vet potential staff by looking at photos and birth dates . A person born in the summer months of a Snake year is best suited to back office work , says Kuek , referring to one of the 12 animals of the Chinese Zodiac . "  Whereas if you are born in the year of the Bull , born in winter , these people need to be out front meeting people and being aggressive , " he adds . Kuek is down-to-earth and his language is peppered with terms from his day job -- selling stocks and shares for an investment bank . His background in finance makes corporate clients more comfortable and none of his co-workers find his sideline strange , he says . Watch : Feng shui in Hong Kong office buildings Kuek 's clients also include multinational companies that find they have to take matters like feng shui seriously as they expand in Asia . For example , auction house Sotheby 's only began work on its new office space in Hong Kong last year after a feng shui master chose an auspicious date . And in Sydney , the Star City Casino has added a "  feng shui awning " as part of a $ 760 million redevelopment . Dr Michael Mak , from the University of Newcastle in Australia , studies how feng shui can be used in urban design and architecture from what he calls a scientific stand point . He says there is "  soft data " in the form of surveys and interviews that suggests buildings that adhere to feng shui principles make their occupants happier -- be it a shopping mall , office block or a hospital . And he points to the popularity of atriums or courtyards that bring the natural environment into a building as one way the principles of feng shui are manifested in modern architecture . Mak is skeptical of the cosmic claims of "  popular " feng shui and says it 's an area that needs to be looked at more critically . Feng shui advice does not come cheap and there have been a number of scandals involving unscrupulous practitioners . Kuek charges HK$ 10,000  $ 1,300  for a consultation for an office under 200 square foot and up to HK$ 50,000  $ 6,500  for a 2,000 to 5,000 square foot office . Chau says he has come across some bad masters . One adviser told him to paint his office walls black . Another pedaled expensive feng shui objects . Despite this , Chau has not been put off and will be making an appointment to see how he and his business will fare in the Year of the Snake . "  Feng shui can not make things happen but it can assist you and make things easier . "	Many companies in Hong Kong and China consult feng shui masters One businessman tells CNN he regards the ancient philosophy as a business tool The ancient Chinese belief system is supposed to boost good fortune Lunar New Year the busiest time for feng shui advisers as companies seek "  annual audit '
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal officials appear ready to be part of the headline-grabbing , state-controlled investigation into the disturbing sexual-abuse allegations at Penn State University . U.S. Attorney Peter Smith of the Middle District of Pennsylvania issued a statement Tuesday suggesting he was ready to join the ongoing state probe if asked . "  We will support and assist the Department of Education which has announced that it is conducting an investigation , " he said in a written statement released to the public . The U.S. Department of Education has been looking into possible violations of a law that requires universities to report annually campus-related crime statistics . Sandusky says he is innocent | Penn State : Wo n't decline bowl bid Regarding the ongoing state investigation , Smith said , "  We are in contact with the State Attorney General 's office ... We have agreed to provide any assistance to that office in connection with its investigation and prosecution that may be needed , and we will coordinate the work of both offices in this important matter as much as possible . " Meanwhile , Congress also sought to find an entry point into the Penn State drama Tuesday . Sen. Bob Casey , D-Pennsylvania , urged a subcommittee on children and families to hold a hearing on federal laws designed to protect children from sexual abuse . "  We must strengthen our laws to ensure that any suspected abuse is immediately reported to law enforcement and child protective service , " Casey said in a letter to Senate panel members .	A U.S. attorney in Pennsylvania says federal authorities are ready to get involved Pennsylvania 's Sen. Bob Casey calls for a hearing on laws to protect children
CNN  -- Abe Pollin , the longtime owner of the Washington Wizards professional basketball franchise , has died , the Wizards said Tuesday . He was 85 . No further details were immediately available . The Wizards said information would be released as it became available . The Pollin family asked that their privacy be respected , the basketball team said . Pollin and his wife , Irene , have owned the NBA franchise , previously known as the Washington Bullets and before that the Baltimore Bullets , for 45 years . As the majority owners of Washington Sports & Entertainment Limited Partnership , the Pollins oversaw the Washington Wizards , Washington/Baltimore Ticketmaster and in-house promoter Musicentre Productions , as well as the management of the Verizon Center and George Mason University 's Patriot Center , according to the Verizon Center 's Web site . Pollin at one time also owned the Washington Capitals hockey team and the Washington Mystics WNBA team . Pollin moved from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to the Washington area when he was 8 , according to the Verizon Center 's biography of him . He attended George Washington University and worked for his family 's construction company for more than a decade , it says . He and Irene , a St. Louis , Missouri , native , launched their own construction company in 1957 and built several large apartment houses and office buildings . They have two sons and two granddaughters , according to the Web site .	Abe Pollin was 85 years old Pollin and his wife have owned the Wizards , formerly known as the Bullets , for 45 years Pollin also once owned Washington Capitals hockey team Survived by wife , two sons and two granddaughters , according to Web site
Editor 's note : Ed Rollins , who was political director for President Reagan , is a Republican strategist who was national chairman of former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee 's 2008 presidential campaign . Ron Silver , seen in a 2006 photo , was an actor with a strong interest in justice and peace , Ed Rollins says . NEW YORK  CNN  -- The lights on Broadway were dimmed Wednesday night to honor Ron Silver , the Tony-award winning actor who was buried Wednesday after a courageous battle against cancer of the esophagus . Ron was a lifelong social liberal and a Democratic activist , but you could n't narrowly define him . And to those of us privileged to be his friend , he was an extraordinary pal . In the 25 years we were friends , he and I faced off most of that time on opposite sides of the political spectrum . In this era when people want bipartisanship , Ron was the role model . Our earliest encounters began when I was managing Ronald Reagan 's campaign and he was a Dukakis supporter . He was passionate and a true intellectual . I have spent much of my life around smart people  fortunately a lot smarter than I  and Ron was one of the smartest . Whatever the topic , he had an opinion on it and probably had just read a book or two on the subject . Ron was a Chinese and international relations scholar and had no casual thoughts , only deep convictions . He backed up his opinions with empirical evidence and could rattle off facts like a baseball statistician . "  Eddie , why do you think that way ? "  Only my mother and wife have called me Eddie .  "  Why would a smart man like you ever come to that conclusion ? " And then we would proceed to discuss the topic for hours . I do n't think we ever changed each other 's opinions , but after a bottle or two of wine or a bottle of Scotch had been emptied , we still respected each other . We never had a cross word and no discussion ever ended in anger . After a while I learned it was n't personal and it was n't because I was Republican . Ron argued with everyone -- even those on his side in an issue -- because he had great curiosity and always wanted to know more . The closest we ever came to harsh words was when I teased him on his Emmy nomination for a recurring role as a slick campaign strategist on the TV show "  The West Wing . " "  You would have won if you asked me how to play the part , " I declared . "  After all you 're just an actor . I am the real thing . I worked in the real West Wing and I managed a real campaign that won 49 states , " He quickly replied with a big grin : "  Why the hell would I want the input of a guy who lost Minnesota -LSB- the only state Reagan lost -RSB- ? And remember , you only won because you had an actor named Ron making you look good ! " Our discussions often ended in laughter . Because for Ron , politics was serious but it was also fun . I do n't think he enjoyed anything more than a great political debate . To Ron , debate was an educational experience . To those of us on the opposite side it was like a combat sport . Several years ago , I was approached by one of the planners for the 2004 Republican Convention in New York . He wanted to know if I could recommend any movie or entertainment stars who would be willing to participate in the convention . Since the passing of the Reagan era , Republicans have n't had a long list of entertainers to choose from . From our discussions , I knew that Ron supported President Bush 's battle against Islamic terrorism and the war in Iraq and he had been profoundly affected by 9/11 . I asked him would he be willing to participate if asked . He said yes , but emphatically stated he was remaining a Democrat . But he also knew that when he publicly supported Bush on the war , it would affect his long relationships in Hollywood and could cost him future work . Ron 's Monday night convention speech was short , less than five minutes and only 429 words in length . It was n't covered by any of the major networks , but it was still one of the best of the night . When he stated : "  I am grateful for the chance to speak tonight to express my support for our commander-in-chief , for our brave troops and for the vital cause which they have undertaken , " his career as a major Hollywood player was over . Even though he had been a president of both the Actor 's Equity Guild and the Creative Coalition that he co-founded , he challenged the entertainment industry with these spoken words : "  Even though I am a well-recognized liberal on many issues confronting our society today , I find it ironic that many human rights advocates and outspoken members of my own entertainment community are often on the front lines to protest repression , for which I applaud them , but they are usually the first ones to oppose any use of force to take care of these horrors that they catalog repeatedly . " Ron was disappointed when he did lose future work and even a few "  so-called Hollywood friends , " but not surprised . But he said what he believed and never regretted doing it . Ron was always determined to give back something to his country and New York , the city where he , his parents , grandparents and great grandparents were born and loved . Whether he was fighting for the cause of Israel or social justice for the poor or for more funding for the National Endowment for the Arts or AIDS research , he was passionate about his causes . Even though he was close to death , he attended President Obama 's inauguration because he thought it was a great day for the country and he did n't want to miss it . And just a few weeks ago while still undergoing chemotherapy , Ron attended the latest board of directors meeting in Washington of The United States Institute of Peace . The Peace Institute is an independent , nonpartisan institution established and funded by Congress whose 12 members are appointed by the president . The organizational goals are to help prevent and resolve violent international conflicts . Ron was appointed in 2007 and was confirmed by the Senate for a four-year term . He told me it was his most important role and a part he was never prouder to play . As the dimming of the lights on Broadway signaled Wednesday night , Ron 's voice is now quiet -- and missed . His life 's work not only lit up Broadway and filled the big screen , it also inspired others to action . The many roles he played on the stage , in movies and on television pale in comparisons to the real roles he lived in his life . Ron was a great friend , a great father and a great American . We will miss you , my friend . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	Ed Rollins : Ron Silver was a liberal Democrat , but impossible to narrowly define He says Silver was passionate and knowledgeable about current events He says Silver faced a backlash in Hollywood because he supported Bush on war Silver 's work lit up Broadway , television and films , Rollins says
CNN  -- Egypt on Tuesday deported an American anti-war activist who was trying to travel to the Gaza Strip . Medea Benjamin , who co-founded the Code Pink anti-war group , said she was detained on arrival at Cairo airport Monday evening . She had planned to join a delegation of activists on a visit to the Palestinian coastal enclave this week . She told CNN she was assaulted by airport police , resulting in her arm being broken and shoulder dislocated , before being put on a flight to Istanbul on Tuesday . "  I was never told why I was arrested . I was detained as soon as I arrived and I was violently assaulted in prison , " she said by phone on arrival in Turkey . "  My arm is broken . I did not do anything wrong . No reason was given for my arrest . " She spoke briefly as she said she was on her way to a hospital . She said she was deported despite Egyptian doctors saying she was not fit to fly . An official from Egypt 's Interior Ministry communications department said Benjamin had not been detained . "  She was denied entry , not detained . There 's a big difference , " Brigadier Alaa Mahmoud told CNN . "  There is no legal basis to detain her . " He said she had stated her reason for visiting as a trip to Gaza , but authorities explained to her that the crossing was closed and consequently refused to allow her to enter the country . He denied any use of force or assault . He also said that he had no information on whether Benjamin had been banned from Egypt . Benjamin chronicled the events on Twitter . Heckling Obama Last May , she famously interrupted President Barack Obama as he gave a speech on counterterrorism policy , repeatedly urging him to take faster action in releasing detainees from the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Members of the group have previously interrupted congressional hearings and official speeches . On its website , Code Pink said it was sending a U.S. delegation of 15 women to join a larger coalition that would travel to Gaza . It said they would meet in Cairo on March 5 and attempt to travel to Gaza from there . "  Due to the political and security issues in Egypt , there are no guarantees that we will be able to get into Gaza , " the group said . Israel and Egypt restrict the flow of goods into the coastal territory , which is ruled by the Islamist movement Hamas , designated as a terrorist group by Israel and Western countries . On Tuesday , a Cairo court banned all activities by Hamas in Egypt , calling it a terrorist organization . The nation 's military government has been cracking down on Islamist groups , including the Muslim Brotherhood , since the ouster of President Mohamed Morsy last July . CNN 's Sarah Sirgany and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Activist Medea Benjamin says she was detained , assaulted in Cairo An Egyptian official says she was "  denied entry , not detained " Benjamin was trying to travel to Gaza , the official said Authorities told her the crossing was closed and refused to allow her entry , he said
Johannesburg  CNN  -- An arrest warrant has been issued for Julius Malema , a youth leader in South Africa , his attorney said Friday . Neither she nor her client have been informed of the exact charges , said Nicqui Galaktiou . They are cooperating with authorities and expect to have a court appearance next week , she said . Malema was expelled from South Africa 's ruling African National Congress this year in the wake of a speech he made that was critical of President Jacob Zuma . In his comments , Malema suggested that Zuma was running the party in a dictatorial and intolerant way . "  It is under President Zuma that we have seen the youth of the ANC being traumatized , being expelled from their own home , " Malema said , according to an ANC statement . "  It is under President Zuma we have seen a critical voice being suppressed . We have seen , under President Zuma , democracy being replaced with dictatorship . " Malema and the ANC Youth League helped propel Zuma to power in 2009 . But in recent years , he has become one of Zuma 's fiercest critics , accusing the administration of failing to improve the lives of the poor . The youth leader has also been the subject of a criminal investigation by the national revenue service over allegations that he used his political position to influence the awarding of government contracts . He has denied the allegations .	Julius Malema 's attorney says she does not know specific accusations The ruling African National Congress expelled Malema this year The move came after he made a speech critical of President Jacob Zuma The youth leader , who helped bring Zuma to power in 2009 , enjoys wide support
CNN  -- Jeneba Jalloh Ghatt is the first to admit that she likes nice things . Stylist Philip Pelusi has offered his clients bargains and hosted two designers ' shows to help them save money . But these days when she passes the new upscale shopping area en route to her Chevy Chase , Maryland , office , she refuses to even glance at the lavish goodies . "  There 's a Ralph Lauren store , a Louis Vuitton store , Tiffany 's , " said the attorney and principal of The Ghatt Law Group . "  I drive by and I do n't even look in that direction . " With the economy in shambles and so many people losing their jobs and homes , it is no longer considered cool to brag about possessions and purchases . For many during a deepening recession , conspicuous consumption is out and frugality is the new black . "  People have long used the way they shop and what they buy as a way to communicate with other people about their values , their tastes and their interests , " said Kit Yarrow , a consumer psychologist and professor at Golden Gate University in San Francisco , California . "  A year ago , what was considered the ultimate status symbol would have been the chicest bag or the most luxurious outfit , " Yarrow added . "  Now what 's chic is being the most knowledgeable and efficient at saving money . " Yarrow said that despite the tough economic times , there are many Americans who still have disposable income . Those people are choosing not to spend , she said , or making more thoughtful purchases . "  What I am saying is that we have moved from an era of conspicuous consumption to an era of considered consumption , " Yarrow said . "  People at one time wanted to showcase all of the things they are buying and now they are stopping and really thinking about it . " Brett Wright , co-founder and chief creative officer of Uptown Magazine , is also seeing evidence of that attitude shift . iReport.com : What adjustments are you making to your budget ? His publication is targeted at what he terms the "  triple A 's " -- affluent African-Americans and those who want to be . Wright said he is seeing consumption of big ticket items being put on hold or done more discreetly . "  Buying the new red Ferrari is certainly not in favor , " Wright said . "  Everybody is trying to do things sort of under the radar screen . No one is looking to be as ostentatious as they may have been in the past . " Consumers are looking for value for their spending , Wright said , and focusing on "  How do you live like a king without having to spend a king 's ransom ? " To that end , Wright and his staff are brainstorming ways to address the change in spending habits in their publication . "  We do n't believe that luxury lifestyle has gone away , " Wright said . "  We 're looking at maybe not having the $ 250,000 watch , but a great watch you can get for perhaps $ 7,500 . " Renowned hairstylist and salon owner Philip Pelusi said he , too , has seen the focus shift to more bang for the buck during the economic downturn . Pelusi said clients are opting for money-saving tactics like extending time between visits , partial highlights or getting services on "  training nights " for the salon , which can trim their bill up to 60 percent . "  We are doing everything we can to accommodate the clients , " said Pelusi , whose Tela Design Studio in Manhattan has only seen a slight decrease in business . Pelusi is also reaching out to others in the industry who are looking to economize . Two designers , Susan Cianciolo and "  Project Runway " finalist Jillian Lewis , opted to forgo staging more expensive shows and used Pelusi 's design studio during Fashion Week for their presentations . Marilani Huling is a Washington-based jewelry designer who said she has reduced prices on her creations to cater to her clientele . Huling said that during the recent "  Crystal Couture " event in Virginia , one of the most popular presenters during the two-week fashion festival was Goodwill Industries . "  Goodwill had stylists put together things off their racks and put them on the runway models , " Huling said . "  I was surprised , because everything really looked good . " HLN consumer advocate Clark Howard said a new term is "  in-sourcing " instead of "  out-sourcing . " "  People had their collection of ` Mys , ' " Howard said . "  My massage therapist , my yard person , my hairdresser . Now people are really stepping back from that and saying ` If I cut my own lawn , I 'm going to have that $ 60 in my pocket . ' " Howard said he has noticed from listeners to his popular call-in radio show that even those who really do n't need to cut back are still choosing to do so . That did n't happen , he said , during the last deep recession from 1979 to 1982 . Howard said he attributes the rush to downsize in part to the 24-hour news cycle , which continues to pepper the public with bad news . "  People did n't have access to the constant drumbeat of news that they have now , " he said . With so much personal spending being tied to emotion , Howard said consumers are being much more cautious while they ride out the economic turmoil and are taking comfort in being able to score good deals . Ghatt posted unabashedly on Twitter when she spotted a pair of Cole Hahn shoes originally priced at $ 180 going for $ 20 at Marshalls . When a friend expressed his surprise that she would go public with shopping at a discount store , she had a quick comeback . "  I tweeted and said ` Do n't you know that bargain divas are in style now ? ' " Ghatt said , laughing .	Conspicuous consumption is out and frugality is in during recession Many who have money are being discreet with purchases Consumers want more bang for the buck in a tough economy Clark Howard : "  If I cut my own lawn , I 'm going to have that $ 60 in my pocket "
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court , perhaps for the final time , has rejected a multistate appeal over efforts to keep the invasive Asian carp from reaching the Great Lakes ecosystem . The justices turned aside another request for intervention Monday , the latest chapter in a nearly century-old dispute between six Midwest states and the Canadian province of Ontario . At issue is a direct challenge to Illinois ' complex water diversion and sewage disposal network , which some predict will inadvertently allow the non-native fish to enter Lake Michigan . Some environmentalists and lawmakers fear an economic and ecological disaster if the creatures breach man-made barriers . And there are concerns that the fish may have already slipped past locks and entered the massive freshwater bodies of water . The fish can grow up to 4 feet in length and 100 pounds in weight , reproduce rapidly and can gobble up to 40 percent of their body weight daily , quickly out-competing less aggressive native fish populations . The high court has refused to intervene in the case twice in recent months . Some activists say Michigan could file another appeal in federal court , but it could take months to resolve . The justices were asked to grant a preliminary injunction , which would have forced Illinois to immediately close down much of its Chicago-area shipping locks and dams , and would have prompted rapid construction of a fish-proof barrier . The voracious Asian carp have migrated up the Mississippi River to the Chicago suburbs . State officials , businesses , and environmentalists fear that it is only a step away from triggering a swift economic disaster across the Great Lakes , saying that once in Lake Michigan they would spread quickly to Lake Erie , Lake Huron , Lake Ontario and Lake Superior . "  What could be at stake is the multibillion-dollar fishing industry -- commercial , sports fishing , and recreational fishing industries -- in the Great Lakes , " said Chris McCloud of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources , noting that the lakes constitute "  the largest freshwater body on Earth , and we have to protect it at all costs . " DNA from the carp was found in December closer to Lake Michigan than ever before -- at a Wilmette , Illinois , pumping station along the lake shore -- raising fresh concerns that the fish has breached an electric barrier placed along a maze of canals and locks in Illinois . In a signal of the urgency , Michigan , Wisconsin and New York have repeatedly but unsuccessfully asked the high court to order those locks closed immediately . Among those being sued are Chicago 's local water reclamation agency and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , which helped build and maintain the canal system . Illinois officials say other states and the federal courts do not have the legal authority to order the closing of any federally approved water management projects . There are fears that shutting down the locks would lead to massive flooding and cripple the area 's commercial shipping industry . The term "  Asian carp " is actually an umbrella name for at least four large varieties of fish considered nuisance invasive species : the grass , black , silver and bighead carp . Related to common goldfish , the bigger types are prolific jumpers , easily spooked out of the water by passing watercraft , and numerous boaters have been injured by inadvertent flying fish collisions . Biologists have been tracking their northern migration ever since they were imported in the 1960s , traced to an Arkansas fish farmer . Several of the fish escaped during a flood in the 1990s and quickly expanded their range . Their possible presence just miles from the lakes prompted the latest lawsuit over the so-called Chicago Diversion , a project started in the late 1800s to prevent the city 's sewage from contaminating Lake Michigan . The project involved reversing the flow of the Chicago River , connecting it and two other nearby rivers with the Mississippi River basin . That created a connection between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi , helping fuel an economic boom in the nation 's third largest metropolitan area . In 1922 , Wisconsin sued Illinois to stop the growing water diversion , since other states relied on the drinking water . All other lake states except Indiana joined suit , and the Supreme Court eventually agreed with them , ordering mitigating effects over Illinois ' diversion . Now several of those states are asking the justices to reopen the old cases . Such interstate disputes over boundaries and shared natural resources are one of the few instances where appeals can go directly to the Supreme Court , instead of first being heard in lower courts . The Obama administration is supporting Illinois . In a filing with the high court last fall , Solicitor General Elena Kagan argued that although allowing the carp to enter the Great Lakes would produce "  grave and irreparable harm , " it was only "  speculative " that the harm would occur "  imminently . " She suggested that Michigan and other states were more interested in relitigating disputes over removal of water from the lakes than seeking to stop fish from entering the lakes . The other states and Canada want the Illinois water diversion projects be declared a "  public nuisance " because of the carp emergency . Of more immediate concern , they want Illinois and federal officials to modify their fish-control facilities -- including electric fences -- to ensure that the fish stay away from the lakes . Electric barriers were set up in 2002 in the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal , about 33 miles from Lake Michigan . They became fully operational last year , but Army engineers acknowledge that the barrier is not 100 percent effective . It is designed not to kill carp but to discourage them from going further . "  We can control what the fish feels , basically , " said Col. Vincent Quarles , commander of the Chicago District of the Army Corps of Engineers . "  What they feel is a jolt or a tingle . It 's an electric current in the canal being created by our barriers . " Another underwater barrier is set for completion this year . The cases are Wisconsin , Michigan , New York v. Illinois and Metropolitan Sanitary District of Greater Chicago  1 , Orig. ; 2 , Orig. ; 3 Orig .  .	Justices wo n't get involved in dispute between six states , Ontario Some say Illinois water system will allow huge fish into Lake Michigan Multibillion-dollar fishing industry could be at stake , official says High court has repeatedly been asked to close locks and dams
CNN  -- The Public Utility Commission of Texas will review the case of a cancer patient fighting to keep her electricity on to power her oxygen machine , the commission told CNN on Wednesday . Mable Randon , who has stage 4 cancer , was denied help paying for electricity , which she needs to power her oxygen tank . CNN affiliate KHOU of Houston , Texas , said calls poured in from as far away as Connecticut after the station aired its story on Mable Randon , a stage 4 cancer patient who received a cutoff notice after she fell behind on her bills . "  I 'm on a set income , " she told KHOU . "  My husband lost his job . He finds a little work every now and then , but it 's hard . " She applied to CenterPoint Energy 's Critical Care Program which helps maintain service for people who depend on electric-powered life support systems , but she was rejected . "  I 'm fighting for my life , and I thought people at the power company would help me , " said Randon , who uses a wheelchair . "  I just thought they 'd make some kind of exception for me . " Randon 's power will stay on until the commission examines the facts in the case , said Terry Hadley , spokesman for the commission . CenterPoint told Randon she failed to meet the criteria . Spokeswoman Alicia Dixon told KHOU that Randon could have bought a battery-powered oxygen machine . The critical care program has thousands of applicants , and only 300 of them have been accepted , she said . "  This program is a communication program , not a guarantee of uninterrupted power , even to customers who are on the list , " she said . Since the rejection , Randon said she is "  up and down all night , " partly because she is worried about whether the power will be on when she wakes up . "  They have no consideration for life , " she said . "  It 's just like they do n't care . " CenterPoint spokeswoman Leticia Lowe said the company does not send electric bills ; it merely owns the wires and poles and is directed to disconnect power by retail electric providers . Randon 's electric company is Freedom Power , she said . CNN 's attempts to contact Freedom Power were unsuccessful Wednesday . As of Tuesday , CenterPoint had not received a notice from Freedom Power to disconnect Randon 's service , Lowe said . Following the KHOU report , CenterPoint received calls from viewers , she said . But the company can do nothing since they do n't bill Randon . CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	Mable Randon , a stage 4 cancer patient , got a cutoff notice after falling behind on bill She applied for critical care program , was told to buy battery-operated oxygen tank "  I 'm fighting for my life , and I thought people at the power company would help me " Public Utility Commission of Texas reviewing Randon 's case
CNN  -- A herd of hulking American bison huddles to keep warm during a prairie blizzard in Theodore Roosevelt National Park . It 's an image that 's as vintage Americana as a Norman Rockwell painting . The bison , often referred to as buffalo , teetered on the brink of extinction in the 19th century . But the bison 's destiny changed in 1883 when a young Theodore Roosevelt first came to North Dakota 's Badlands for the sole purpose of hunting one . Though Teddy eventually got one for his trophy case , the lessons from that trip became his inspiration to ignite a conservationist movement that would help save the bison and pave the way for the national park system to evolve into an important American institution . 8 amazing outdoor music venues Today , Theodore Roosevelt National Park serves as a monument to a president who had the foresight to preserve and protect this country 's pristine wilderness . It 's also a testament to his ability to make such places accessible to all . Park stats : The park was established in 1947 as Theodore Roosevelt National Memorial Park , but it was not officially designated as a national park until 1978 . Its two busiest years were 1972 , when it was about 1,100 guests short of 1 million for the year , and 1976 during the Bicentennial , when it again flirted with 1 million visitors . The park has averaged slightly less than 600,000 visitors per year since 2008 . The location : Theodore Roosevelt consists of more than 70,000 acres in the North Dakota Badlands , which are not to be confused with the Badlands National Park in South Dakota . The difference , according to park ranger Valerie Naylor , is North Dakota 's Badlands are older , look different and have heavier vegetation . There are a number of ways to access the park , which is divided in three parts : North Unit , South Unit and Elkhorn Ranch Unit . Medora is the entrance to the South Unit and is about a two-hour drive from the state capital , Bismarck . The North Unit entrance is about 14 miles south of Watford City and is about three hours from Bismarck . The two Badlands are not contiguous , she says . Throwback lodging : 5 historic stays The Elkhorn Ranch Unit is 35 miles north of Medora , but the only road access is on gravel roads . The park service recommends speaking with a ranger and getting a map before driving out to Elkhorn Ranch . If you are feeling more adventurous , you can access the ranch from the east by fording the Little Missouri River . If you go : Entrance fees are $ 10 for private noncommercial vehicles . Individual passes  hikers , cyclists and people on horseback  are $ 5 . The park offers a variety of events , places to visit and outdoor activities . The park is open every day except Thanksgiving Day , Christmas Day and New Year 's Day . Parts of the South Unit Scenic Loop Drive and North Unit Scenic Road close during winter . There are three visitor centers : North Unit , South Unit and Painted Canyon . South Unit and Painted Canyon are open seven days a week . However , the North Unit visitor center is only open on weekends from September 2 to May 31 . Meet our ranger : Valerie Naylor , 55 , was born in Portland , Oregon , and says she knew in high school that she wanted to be a naturalist . In 1973 , she passed through Theodore Roosevelt on one of many vacations she took with her parents . But her mother did n't share Naylor 's immediate interest in the park and they quickly moved on . "  I was enthralled with the landscape in this park , " she says . "  But I thought , ` That 's OK , I 'll come back here someday . ' " She returned in 1979 as a volunteer for a student conservation association . She then worked as a seasonal park employee for two years and later used the park as a research laboratory for a master 's degree in biology at the University of North Dakota . Naylor became a full-time National Park Service employee in 1985 and returned to her "  home park " in 2003 as superintendent . "  The Little Missouri River , the prairie and the wildlife make it exceptional , " she says . "  It also has the history of Theodore Roosevelt , who was a great conservation president . " Naylor has also worked at Colorado National Monument , Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument , Badlands National Park , Petrified Forest National Park , Big Bend National Park and Scotts Bluff National Monument . For a day trip , do n't miss : Hiking the Caprock Coulee in the North Unit . The park website lists the 4-mile trail as moderate to strenuous . Less experienced hikers can take the Caprock Coulee Nature Trail , a 1.5-mile shortened version . Be sure to go in the early morning or late evening to maximize the chance to see wildlife , says Naylor . Favorite less-traveled spot : The Elkhorn Ranch Unit . Naylor says the 218 acres are the most historically significant part of the park because it 's where Roosevelt built his second ranch . Roosevelt 's first ranch was centered around the Maltese Cross Cabin , which has been moved from its original site and is now a museum . He made a second trek to North Dakota 's Badlands in 1884 after his wife and mother died on Valentine 's Day . With one cattle ranch already established in North Dakota , he chose a trek of land next to the Little Missouri River for the Elkhorn Ranch . "  It 's a beautiful unspoiled place along the Little Missouri that is much like it was when Roosevelt first found it in 1884 , " she says . "  And we 're trying very hard to keep it that way . " Favorite spot to view wildlife : Prairie dog town in the South Unit . In addition to prairie dogs , the park is home to a several species of deer , a variety of birds , coyotes , bobcats , beavers , badgers , rattlesnakes , elk , wild horses and bison . "  Prairie dogs provide food and shelter for so many animals that they are a great place to see other wildlife , " says Naylor . Naylor says prairie dog holes are used by snakes , amphibians , burrowing owls and insect . The holes also cause vegetation changes , which provide grazing for bison . Most magical moment in the park : In the summer of 1979 , when Naylor spent her first year as a volunteer working in the visitor center conducting programs and sharing park history with guests . "  I did not intend to make it a career , " she says . "  But after spending the summer working at a national park , I had no other aspirations . And it was this park that did it for me . " Funniest moment at the park : Seeing a bison calf become confused about his mother 's identity . "  I once watched a bison calf run across the prairie to mom -- fast as he could go , " she says . "  When he got about 15 feet , he stopped , turned 90 degrees and ran to another one . That was one of the most amazing things I have seen . It was both interesting and funny . " A ranger 's request : The park is home to a variety of wildlife . Understand that the bison are the most dangerous animals in the park , even though they look docile and calm . "  They can run faster than a horse and turn on a dime , " she says . "  Generally , if an animal reacts to your presence , you are too close . They  bison  do charge humans . " Another park she 'd like to visit : Lava Beds National Monument in Siskiyou , California . Located in the high desert of Northern California , it is known for Native American cave art and as one of North America 's most continuously occupied geographic areas . Naylor says her goal is to visit every national park and estimates she 's been to more than half of them . "  I like large , wide-open landscapes , and it sounds like a fascinating place , " she says . "  I like to go anywhere I have n't been before . " What national park would you like to visit ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	President Theodore Roosevelt helped save the American bison from extinction North Dakota 's Badlands differ from those in South Dakota in age and appearance Early morning and late evening are the best times to view wildlife Bison are the most dangerous animals in the park
Seven years ago , Steve Way was a 20 per day smoker and weighed a hefty 230 pounds  104 kilograms  . On Sunday , he led the marathon competition against the best in the Commonwealth before finishing a creditable 10th place . Undaunted by the presence of defending champion John Ekiru Kelai of Kenya and a host of other athletes with faster personal bests , Way took the opportunity afforded by a tentative start by the race favorites to lead the bunch . Despite the effort , just a glimmer of a smile can be seen on the face of the 40-year-old , who was representing England after a strong showing in the London Marathon in April . Way admitted that as the Kenyans and eventual winner Michael Shelley of Australia surged he could not keep pace but his story continues to be an inspiration to all couch potatoes approaching a mid life crisis . He crossed the line after 42 kilometers in a personal best of two hours 15 minutes 16 seconds and still with a smile on his face despite toiling on a tough course around Glasgow in rainy conditions . "  Best day ever , " Way said . "  I normally say it 's second best to my wedding day but this one matches it . Sarah  his wife  wo n't mind I think . "  All my top goals -- top 10 , PB , British vet record  for athletes over 40 years of age  -- and I 've managed all three . I could n't have wished for a better day . " Way finished a minute faster than his performance in London , where he was third British finisher behind Mo Farah and Chris Thompson and 15th overall . Regular training runs , sometimes up to 80km  50 miles  , have seen him trim down to a lean 150 pounds as the fast food takeaways and a heavy alcohol intake have become a thing of the past . The marathon is not even Way 's specialist distance . He will challenge for the world 100km  62 miles  championships in Doha , Qatar in November and with a personal best of six hours 19 minutes 19 seconds , that 's six minute six second miles for the entire distance , has a realistic chance of gold . Shelley was winning the first athletics gold of the Commonwealth Games , improving on his silver from four years ago and with a personal best of two hours 11 minutes 15 seconds . Behind him , Kelai faded and his compatriot Stephen Chemlany took second with Abraham Kiplimo of Uganda in the bronze medal position . "  It is starting to sink in now , " Shelley said . "  I dug deep and I was hoping I would n't blow-up like I have done in the past . " Later Sunday , the competition on the track began at Hampden Park , with the final of the men 's 5,000 m , despite the absence of the ill Olympic champion Farah , one of the highlights . It went to Kenyan Caleb Ndiku , the world indoor 3000m champion , in a time of 13 minutes 12.07 seconds to beat teammate Isiah Koech , with New Zealander Zane Robertson claiming bronze . The crowds at the Games will have to wait for the appearance of Usain Bolt , who has arrived in the Scottish city , but is not slated to run until next Friday 's heats of the 4x100m relay for Jamaica . Home crowds at the swimming pool were able to celebrate their seventh medal of the meeting and it was another fairytale story . Erraid Davies , a diminutive 13-year-old competitor in the women 's para-sport 100m breaststroke , took a superb bronze behind Sophie Pascoe of New Zealand . Davies , who was born with a chronic hip condition , is the youngest member of the Scottish team , but showed maturity beyond her years to move into the medals after turning sixth .	Michael Shelley wins first athletics gold of Commonwealth Games Former 20-per-day smoker Steve Way , 40 , finishes 10th Way only took up running seven years ago Erraid Davies , 13 , stars in swimming pool
Easley , South Carolina  CNN  The cracker or the bite of ice cream -- Brynn Duncan still is n't sure which one sent her into anaphylactic shock that day . Her food allergies change so frequently , keeping track is almost pointless . It was just another day with another massive allergic reaction . She can always tell when one is coming on . "  I just get this overwhelming sense of -- they call it impending doom . " Her labradoodle , Moose , starts alerting , licking her hands frantically . "  I 'll feel like I 'm being stabbed in the stomach , and then it gets hard to breathe and my throat and tongue start swelling . And we have to treat it really fast . " On that particular day in March , multiple EpiPens did n't slow the reaction . The paramedics who arrived to take Brynn to Greenville Memorial Hospital , or "  Hotel Greenville " as she likes to call it , knew her well . When she asked for her security blanket , they knew to hand her her smartphone . "  New day , new crisis , " Brynn quips as she tells the story , as if it 's about her first day of college or a shopping trip gone wrong . It might as well be . When you 're allergic to life , a near-death experience is no big deal . Less than a week after her trip to the hospital , Brynn , 21 , is back at home in Easley , South Carolina . She lies on her back , her head near the foot of her bed , chattering away as her mom changes the access to her chest port . Melissa Duncan , a paralegal by day , dons a mask and surgical gloves before disinfecting the area around the tube that 's connected to Brynn 's jugular vein . The disinfectant burns , and Brynn 's blood pressure hits 150/102 . Her heart rate rockets to 128 . "  The meds we have to give her to keep her alive , she reacts to , " Melissa says , shaking her head . "  Never in a million years did I think I would be doing this . " Brynn was seemingly a normal kid -- until she was n't . Yes , she was a fussy baby . Yes , she got sick often as a child , Melissa muses out loud -- but what kid does n't ? Brynn was also incredibly energetic , always the center of attention . Her father , Barry , jokingly rues the day she learned to talk . She started taekwondo at the age of 9 and had her black belt by the time she was 11 . That was the same year doctors diagnosed Brynn with IBS , or irritable bowel syndrome . "  She 's always been -- " Melissa Duncan pauses . "  High maintenance ! " Brynn fills in with a laugh . It was n't until shortly before her 16th birthday in 2010 that Brynn had her first serious allergic reaction . The next two years became a blur of sick days and doctors ' appointments . Brynn saw specialist after specialist . The gastrointestinologist diagnosed her with gastroparesis , or partial paralysis of the stomach muscles . A cardiologist said she had POTS , or Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome -- meaning that when she stood up for longer than a few minutes , her blood pressure dropped , leaving her light-headed and nauseated . A Wake Forest doctor diagnosed her with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome , a connective tissue disorder that causes fragile skin and overly flexible joints . After doing hours of research , Melissa , Barry and Brynn came up with their own diagnosis : mast cell disease . They found a specialist online , Dr. Lawrence Afrin , who at the time was working in Charleston . They waited nearly nine months to see him , but hearing him confirm their suspicions was life-changing . Scientists do n't know yet what causes mast cell disease . Researchers have found mutations in mast cells that may cause the abnormal behavior , but the mutations vary from one patient to the next . Because of this , scientists suspect the mutations are acquired early in life . But genetics may make some children more susceptible to developing the mutations . Mast cells are the regulators of your immune system . They 're the ones that release histamine when a bug bites , or when you come into contact with an allergen . They basically sound the alarm that lets the rest of your immune system know something is wrong . Until recently , the only mast cell disease doctors had identified was mastocytosis , which is characterized by "  abnormal proliferation and activation " of the body 's mast cells -- meaning there are way too many and they act in strange ways . But in the last few years doctors such as Afrin have started to recognize that there are many different layers to mast cell disease . For instance , Brynn has mast cell activation syndrome , meaning her mast cells act strangely , but they 're not growing in number . "  It 's like I 'm living in a 24/7 allergic reaction , " Brynn explains simply . Fruit , vegetables , milk , soy , nuts , smoke , perfume , the sun -- you name it , Brynn is allergic to it . But it 's not really about the specifics ; the allergens change depending on how "  angry " her mast cells are that day , she says . On good days , she can eat small amounts of plain meat or mashed potatoes . On bad days , even using her feeding tube causes her extreme pain . Not everyone with mast cell activation syndrome has it as bad as Brynn does . "  Oh God , no , " Afrin says when asked . "  No , no , no , no . " But mast cells are located in your connective tissue , including your skin and the lining of your stomach and intestine . They can affect every system in the body , Afrin says , so the disease is capable of causing all the symptoms Brynn experiences . You have to ask yourself , he says : "  Is this poor patient so uniquely unlucky to have acquired so many different , independent problems ? Or is it more likely that there is just one thing going on ? " Of course , having a diagnosis did n't make living with mast cell disease any easier . In 2012 , Brynn was admitted to the hospital 30 times . She started having seizures and episodes of dystonia -- painful , violent muscle contractions that are "  scary to see and scary to experience . " On multiple occasions , doctors have had to put casts on her legs to prevent her joints from bending in the wrong direction .	Brynn Duncan has mast cell disease , which causes her to be allergic to almost everything Duncan has a feeding tube and is on constant doses of antihistamine
CNN  -- Horrific events , such as the massacre in Aurora , can be catalysts for social and political change . Sometimes it seems that they 're the only catalyst ; recall how drastically our policies toward terrorism changed after 9/11 despite how moribund they were before . The problem is that fear can cloud our reasoning , causing us to overreact and to overly focus on the specifics . And the key is to steer our desire for change in that time of fear . Our brains are n't very good at probability and risk analysis . We tend to exaggerate spectacular , strange and rare events , and downplay ordinary , familiar and common ones . We think rare risks are more common than they are . We fear them more than probability indicates we should . There is a lot of psychological research that tries to explain this , but one of the key findings is this : People tend to base risk analysis more on stories than on data . Stories engage us at a much more visceral level , especially stories that are vivid , exciting or personally involving . When it 's not ` only a movie ' If a friend tells you about getting mugged in a foreign country , that story is more likely to affect how safe you feel traveling to that country than reading a page of abstract crime statistics will . Novelty plus dread plus a good story equals overreaction . And who are the major storytellers these days ? Television and the Internet . So when news programs and sites endlessly repeat the story from Aurora , with interviews with those in the theater , interviews with the families and commentary by anyone who has a point to make , we start to think this is something to fear , rather than a rare event that almost never happens and is n't worth worrying about . In other words , reading five stories about the same event feels somewhat like five separate events , and that skews our perceptions . We see the effects of this all the time . It 's strangers by whom we fear being murdered , kidnapped , raped and assaulted , when it 's far more likely that any perpetrator of such offenses is a relative or a friend . We worry about airplane crashes and rampaging shooters instead of automobile crashes and domestic violence -- both of which are far more common and far , far more deadly . Our greatest recent overreaction to a rare event was our response to the terrorist attacks of 9/11 . I remember then-Attorney General John Ashcroft giving a speech in Minnesota -- where I live -- in 2003 in which he claimed that the fact there were no new terrorist attacks since 9/11 was proof that his policies were working . I remember thinking : "  There were no terrorist attacks in the two years preceding 9/11 , and you did n't have any policies . What does that prove ? " What it proves is that terrorist attacks are very rare , and perhaps our national response was n't worth the enormous expense , loss of liberty , attacks on our Constitution and damage to our credibility on the world stage . Still , overreacting was the natural thing for us to do . Yes , it was security theater and not real security , but it made many of us feel safer . The rarity of events such as the Aurora massacre does n't mean we should ignore any lessons it might teach us . Because people overreact to rare events , they 're useful catalysts for social introspection and policy change . The key here is to focus not on the details of the particular event but on the broader issues common to all similar events . Opinion : Average Americans do n't need assault weapons Installing metal detectors at movie theaters does n't make sense -- there 's no reason to think the next crazy gunman will choose a movie theater as his venue , and how effectively would a metal detector deter a lone gunman anyway ? -- but understanding the reasons why the United States has so many gun deaths compared with other countries does . The particular motivations of alleged killer James Holmes are n't relevant -- the next gunman will have different motivations -- but the general state of mental health care in the United States is . Even with this , the most important lesson of the Aurora massacre is how rare these events actually are . Our brains are primed to believe that movie theaters are more dangerous than they used to be , but they 're not . The riskiest part of the evening is still the car ride to and from the movie theater , and even that 's very safe . But wear a seat belt all the same . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier	Bruce Schneier : When horrific events happen , we look for lessons He says people are n't good about understanding probabilities and often exaggerate risks Schneier : After 9/11 , policies were adopted that caused enormous expense and damage He says lessons can be learned if we look at patterns among many events
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British military marked a grim milestone Friday as the number of troops killed in Afghanistan surpassed the death toll in Iraq . A British Marine is shown in Arbroath , Scotland , last year on the eve of a six-month tour of duty in Afghanistan . An especially bloody 10 days in Afghanistan 's troubled Helmand province claimed 15 British lives , putting the total number of dead in that conflict at 184 , the Defense Ministry said . The British military has lost 179 soldiers in Iraq . Five soldiers were killed Friday in two explosions that rocked the same patrol near the town of Sangin in Helmand province , where British troops are based . The Defence Ministry earlier announced the deaths of three other soldiers in Helmand . British troops have joined with roughly 4,000 U.S. Marines and sailors , and several hundred Afghan security forces , in Operation Khanjar , a drive to secure Helmand before Afghanistan 's presidential elections in August . See a map of Helmand province " Britain 's Chief of the Defense Staff , Jock Stirrup , issued a video statement in which he mourned the latest losses . Watch profiles of six British soldiers killled in Afghanistan on the same day " "  It 's important we also remember why our people are fighting in Afghanistan and what they 're achieving through their sacrifice and their courage , " Stirrup said . "  The mission in Afghanistan is about supporting the delivery of governance in order to reduce the opportunities for extremist terrorist groups who are a direct threat to the United Kingdom , its citizens , and their interests . " Results are starting to emerge , he said , but the military still has a long way to go . "  It 's tough going because the Taliban have rightly identified Helmand as their vital ground , " he said . "  If they lose there , they lose everywhere , and they 're throwing everything they have into it . But they are losing . " Watch a gallery of Britain mourning its fallen in Afghanistan " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown spoke about the military casualties while at the G8 summit in Italy on Friday , calling it a "  very hard summer " so far for British forces . "  Our resolution to complete the work that we have started in Afghanistan and Pakistan is undiminished , " he said . "  We knew from the start that defeating the insurgency in Helmand would be a hard and dangerous job , but it is vital . "	UK military deaths in Afghanistan now at 184 , five more than in Iraq 15 British lives lost in past 10 days in Afghanistan 's Helmand province UK forces have joined with U.S. , Afghan troops in offensive in Helmand Drive in Helmand is part of effort to secure country before August elections
CNN  -- The Justice Department on Friday invoked the government 's "  state secrets privilege " to intervene in a private legal dispute between the owner of a Greek shipping company and a U.S. nonprofit that advocates against Iran 's nuclear program . In a court filing in New York , government lawyers asked a judge to dismiss a lawsuit by Victor Restis against the group United Against Nuclear Iran . Restis claims he was defamed in a UANI campaign that alleged his company had ties to the Iranian government companies that are involved in Iran 's nuclear program . The government filing said an unnamed U.S. agency had determined the case risked revealing government secrets . Restis ' lawyers had sought to compel legal discovery -- the turning over of documents and other information -- from the group , its executives , and from Wall Street investor Thomas Kaplan , who Restis ' lawyers claim is a funder of UANI . UANI lawyers had sought to obtain a deposition of Restis to question him about alleged Iran ties . Friday 's government filing provided no detail of how UANI , Restis , or any others involved could have come to possess U.S. national security secrets . It said that "  disclosure of the information at issue reasonably could be expected to cause serious damage to the national security . " Kaplan 's lawyers have claimed he has no information relevant to the case . UANI has defended its free speech rights to campaign on the Iran issue . Justice Department lawyers had previously attended hearings in the case and signaled the possibility the government may intervene , citing possible "  law enforcement " secrets . The filing Friday goes beyond that , and by simply asserting "  state secrets , " the government limits what can be reviewed in the case . Government lawyers also filed a classified court filing that ostensibly provided more information to the judge . Before becoming president , Barack Obama had criticized the Bush administration for using the state secrets privilege and vowed more transparency . The Obama administration has used the privilege in several cases . Attorney General Eric Holder announced rules that he said would limit the government 's use of the privilege , but leaves his discretion in such cases unaltered . Government lawyers noted the unusual nature of intervening in a private dispute . "  While the United States takes this position reluctantly and only after careful consideration , the only appropriate course in light of this privilege assertion is to dismiss this action in its entirety , " the filing said .	Justice Department has invoked "  state secrets privilege " in private dispute Case involves man who says he was defamed by group United Against Nuclear Iran Government lawyers filed classified document that may provide more info to judge
CNN Student News  -- November 12 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • South Korea • New York , New York Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Fridays are awesome ! And we 're not the only ones who think so . You 're gon na meet some other people who totally agree in just a few minutes . I 'm Carl Azuz . CNN Student News starts right now ! First Up : G-20 Summit AZUZ : And we begin today at the G-20 Summit , where there is talk of war ! But not the type of war most of us think of . No guns , no missiles . This is a currency war , a war over money . It has to do with something that both China and the U.S. are accused of : currency manipulation . This is when a country changes the value of its currency on purpose . Usually , it means making your currency weaker . Why would someone want to do that ? Well , if your currency 's less valuable , then your exports , the products that you make and sell to other countries , are cheaper . Cheaper products usually means more sales , which means more money for the country . Thing is , if one country is selling more products , that means other countries are selling fewer products . Stan Grant looks at how a couple cases of currency manipulation are causing tension in the global economy right now . BEGIN VIDEO STAN GRANT , CNN CORRESPONDENT , BEIJING : Currencies , the new economic battleground . According to some analysts , it has now gone to a whole new level . DONG TAO , CREDIT SUISSE : This is not officially declared , but I do believe that the world is in a currency war . GRANT : On one side , the Chinese renminbi . On the other , the United States dollar . TAO : In the past , it 's been one way , U.S. pushing China . And now , we 're going to see two-way arguments . GRANT : And in any battle , words are weapons . The U.S. has accused China of manipulating its currency , keeping it low to boost exports and take American jobs . The U.S. has embarked on another round of so-called "  quantitative easing , " pumping an extra $ 600 billion into banks to stimulate lending . It lowers the value of the dollar . China looks at America 's sluggish growth , financial woes and high unemployment and says , "  Do n't blame us . " CUI TIANKAI , VICE MINISTER OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS : If they get cold , they can not ask China to take the medicine , because this will not cure their cold . GRANT : In the middle , countries like Australia : staunch U.S. ally , but building its economy on the back of China growth . Australian Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd , recently in China , ever the diplomat . KEVIN RUDD , AUSTRALIAN FOREIGN MINISTER : Well , I think , as they say in the classics , it takes two to tango . So , these questions are not as simple as that . GRANT : At stake is the very future of the world economy . Western countries are no longer the engines of growth . That belongs to emerging economies . According to the International Monetary Fund , China grew 10 times faster than the global average last year and contributed almost 50 percent of world domestic demand . RUDD : Where would we be if China had not generated phenomenal economic growth in the last 18 months ? I tell you where we 'd be : in a lot of trouble . GRANT : With the world 's number one and two economies facing off , there are fears of a rise of protectionism , putting national interests above the world 's . The answer ultimately is cooperation , not conflict . END VIDEO Impact Your World - Honoring America 's Veterans AZUZ : CNN 's Impact Your World page offers ways for you to make a difference . Today , it 's focused on America 's veterans . Writing a letter , volunteering your time , just saying thank you : There are many ways to pay tribute to these men and women . Learn more at CNNStudentNews.com . Veterans Day AZUZ : All across the country and around the world , Americans took time to honor their nation 's veterans on Thursday . Ceremonies , parades and concerts scheduled all over the U.S. People honored the more than 23 million veterans who are alive today , as well as those who have fallen . Vice President Joe Biden was part of a wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknowns in Arlington National Cemetery . He called veterans the "  heart and soul , the very spine of this nation . " Ground Zero Waterfall AZUZ : This waterfall is part of a different memorial , one that honors some of the victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks . You 'll find it in New York , and it 's part of the National September 11th Memorial and Museum . Engineers started testing it this week . They 've been working on it for years , and the president of the memorial said "  to see the water coming down ... was inspiring . It was great . " The memorial and museum are scheduled to open on September 11th , 2011 . That is the 10th anniversary of the attacks . Disabled Cruise Ship AZUZ : Ryan Harlan says his recent vacation was really fun . The worst part ? "  Being stranded in the middle of the ocean . " Yeah , that would put a damper on things . Ryan was one of 3,300 passengers who got stuck onboard this cruise ship for three days . A fire in the engine room knocked out the power , so no lights , no air conditioning , no hot showers . Plus , the toilets overflowed and some of the food went bad . Thankfully , a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier showed up to help out . It brought out some supplies , some extra food . The cruise ship was eventually towed back into port , and all the passengers are safely back on land . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Schneider 's and Ms. Thompson 's classes at Westwood Middle School in Blaine , Minnesota ! In Roman mythology , who was the god of fire ? Is it : A  Vulcan , B  Mars , C  Mercury or D  Cupid ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The Roman god of fire was Vulcan ; he was also the god of metalworking . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Erupting Volcanoes AZUZ : Vulcan : That 's where the word volcano comes from . These things form when molten rock and gases escape from under the Earth 's surface . This year , we 've talked about the effects of a volcano in Iceland , and more recently about Mount Merapi in Indonesia . Guillermo Arduino tells us about some volcanoes you might not have heard about and why some people actually choose to live near them . BEGIN VIDEO GUILLERMO ARDUINO , CNN INTERNATIONAL WEATHER ANCHOR , ATLANTA : Anywhere from 50 to 70 volcanoes erupt every year . Typically , we only hear about them when they impact human lives . In Iceland , a volcano erupted earlier this year with a large enough ash cloud to cause air travel delays throughout Europe . Some scientists say the eruption has ended , since ash was last seen rising from the caldera in June . In some areas of the world , locals are used to volcanic activity . Planchon-Peteroa in Chile has had a plume of gas that rises from a small , steaming crater lake since its eruption in September of this year . In October , a local mining company reported that the plume had changed from gray , which contains ash , to white , which is mostly steam . As of October 27th , the plume reduced in size and the local alert level was lowered . Many people around the world choose to live near these volcanoes because they simply can not afford to move away , while many stay for the mineral-rich soil that yields better crops . Others profit from the tourism it provides . Tourism dominates the economy surrounding one of the world 's most active volcanoes : Kilauea , one of the five volcanoes on the island of Hawaii . Earlier this year , lava flows threatened homes on the big island . There are currently 14 active volcanoes that outline the Pacific Ocean . Three are in Mexico , three in northeast Russia , and one in Japan . And throughout the west Pacific , many islands have formed over the years because of volcanic eruptions . Indonesia currently has three active volcanoes , with Mount Merapi located in one of the world 's most densely populated areas . Not only is Merapi spewing gas and ash and halting air traffic , at times it is releasing pyroclastic flows , gases that are so hot they kill anything in their path . END VIDEO Blog Report AZUZ : The question : Was this play we showed you earlier this week smart thinking or a cheap shot ? The answers : 90 percent of you favor smart thinking ; 10 percent say cheap shot . From Desmond : "  I 'm in football myself ; this was just smart thinking . Ever heard the saying ` desperate times call for desperate measures ? ' " From Joel : "  I 've seen many plays like this where the QB gets lit up because the other team 's linebacker saw the trick on Sportscenter the night before . It was luck . " Camille said "  most plays and fakes are just part of the game , but this had nothing to do with skills or how well you could throw a ball , but just how sneaky you could be . " Before We Go AZUZ : Always appreciate your blog comments at CNNStudentNews.com . We also appreciate the iReports that you send in . We 've been showing those at the beginning of our program , but the one we have today had a little something extra . Take a look . CHRIS GOLEM , LOURDES HIGH SCHOOL SOCIAL STUDIES TEACHER : Every semester , my students here at Lourdes High School in Oshkosh , Wisconsin dream of being on CNN Student News . And Carl , let me tell you why they should be . Option A : That 's where we watch Student News every single day . Option B : The Shoutout Hall of Fame . You 're looking at past champions . Each semester we compete for the Shoutout Belt . TWO UNIDENTIFIED MALE STUDENTS : We 're not the only ones pumped for CNN Student News . CLASS : Carl Azuz is awesome ! UNIDENTIFIED MALE STUDENT : Just like Fridays ! Goodbye AZUZ : ... Just like you guys . That was fantastic ! Although I hope the pressure to win that Shoutout belt does n't make anyone buckle . We 've notched another full show at CNN Student News , but we will be back to belt out some more next week . Have a great weekend . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Learn about the tension caused by accusations of currency manipulation Discover how some Americans paid tribute to their country 's veterans Find out why some people around the world choose to live near volcanoes Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Free elections 20 years ago this week in Poland marked the unraveling of the Soviet bloc of Eastern European nations and the beginning of market reforms . Shipyard workers hold Solidarity trade union flags on the anniversary of free elections in Poland . The events of June 1989 also marked the turning point for companies like KGHM , which has grown into a global player in the world 's copper market and one of Poland 's largest companies with 18,000 employees . "  A lot of changes have happened since that moment , since 1989 , " said Zbigniew Klich , a development engineer who has worked at a company copper smelter near Lubin for more than 30 years . "  This is the Poland of my dreams , " Klich said . "  Even though I will probably retire in the next few months I feel so fortunate to have seen the last 20 years in my professional career . " The financial crisis has had minimal impact on the company so far . "  In comparison to other sectors of the Polish economy , the commodity business has been doing quite well , " said Jarek Romanowski , sales director of KGHM . Poland 's export prowess has led the nation to become one of the great success stories of former communist bloc economies . In 2008 , it ranked 22nd in the world with more than $ 190 billion in exports , ahead of Australia and India , according to the CIA Factbook . The country 's economy has grown every year since 1992 , and bucked the recessionary trend of other European Union nations by expanding its economy by just under 1 percent in the first quarter of this year . "  Poland is not an island and we are very much linked to other EU countries so a lot depends on the performance of the German economy , " said Dominik Radziwill , Poland 's deputy finance minister . "  But even with the current forecasts which are really pessimistic for the German economy , we still think Poland should be doing relatively OK . " Leszek Balcerowicz was the country 's first Finance Minister after the fall of communism and initiated Poland 's free market reforms . "  Socialism  was  a very bad system and everybody knew that it was a bad system without any hope for a better life , " he said . "  Transition to a better system is sometimes difficult but you have to overcome these difficulties on the way to a better regime . " One industry that exploded was Poland 's once state-run media industry , which now includes eight daily national newspapers plus dozens of television channels and radio stations . "  The transformation had many phases in Poland . The state totally withdrew from the press market and step-by-step , private TV stations appeared , " said Polish journalist Adam Mischnik . "  So , today we have a pluralist media which represents very different tendencies . " Janusz Weychert and Mariusz Walter founded the ITI group , a leading private media company in Poland with television stations - including the influential news network TVN24 - as well as a home video , new media and theatrical production operations . "  Under one umbrella there 's various projects put together , " Weychert said . "  The advantage it gives us is the free flow of content and information between all the platforms . " Communism and absolute media control may have only been twenty years ago - but in Poland today , certainly for the country 's youth and the media , it 's a lifetime . Maciej Popowicz set up "  Nasza-Klasa " - Poland 's equivalent to Facebook -- with three friends in 2006 . Its success made 25-year-old Popowicz one of Poland 's youngest millionaires . He 's also too young to remember what life was like under Communism . "  I 'm very glad that I live in these times because we have so many more opportunities than our older friends so for example , you could n't manage your own business twenty years ago , now there is an opportunity to do that , " Popowicz said . "  So you can develop your ideas , create your own firms . " But market reforms have n't been kind to the historic shipyards of Gdansk , where the Solidarity Union movement began with union leader and future Polish president , Lech Walesa . Marching with him was Brunom Baranowski , a shipyard worker for more than 30 years who spent nearly a year in jail for civil disobedience for his role in the union . In the 20 years since the end of communism , he 's seen the shipyard workforce shrink from 18,000 to about 2,700 today . The shipyard , in danger of going bankrupt , was given a lifeline this week when Neelie Kroes , European Commissioner for Competition , met with Polish officials and told the press an EU bailout of the shipyard was likely . Still , Baranowski said "  shipyard workers do n't have much reason to be happy . Over the past 20 years we have been trying to save our jobs . " While the fortune of his nation improved , he still lives in the same tiny apartment as he did in 1989 and has the same worries about his job . But Brunom says it was all worth the fight . "  Of course it 's much better . In the old days all you could get at the shop was vinegar and mustard . To get anything else you had to know people . Now everything is available , " he said . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen and Fionnuala Sweeney contributed to this report .	Twenty years after democracy Poland has strongest economy in former Soviet bloc The country 's economy has grown every year since 1992 By export it ranks 22nd in the world , ahead of Australia and India Shipyards like Gdansk , home of the democracy movement , struggle to survive
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has blocked further consideration of a federal law designed to keep sexual material from underage users of the Web . The justices without comment Wednesday rejected an appeal from the federal government to reinstate the Child Online Protection Act  COPA  , passed by Congress in 1998 . The high court and subsequent federal courts said the law -- which has never taken effect -- had serious free speech problems . The Bush administration was a strong supporter of the law and the Justice Department led the fight in court to revive it . The justices issued their ruling a day after all nine were on hand for the inauguration of President Barack Obama . Retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor also attended the ceremony . The case tested the free speech rights of adults against the power of Congress to control Internet commerce . The Supreme Court twice ruled against COPA , arguing that it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses . The law would have prevented private businesses from creating and distributing "  harmful " content that minors could access on the Internet . Free speech advocates said adults would be barred access to otherwise legal material and that parental-control devices and various filtering technology are less intrusive ways to protect children . The high court in 2004 upheld a preliminary injunction against the law and sent the case back to lower courts for consideration of the arguments . In their opinion at the time , the 5-4 majority concluded COPA "  likely violates the First Amendment . " "  The government has not shown that the less restrictive alternatives proposed ... should be disregarded , " Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote in the 2004 decision . "  Those alternatives , indeed , may be more effective " than the law passed by Congress . "  Filters are less restrictive " he said , and thus pose less risk of muzzling free speech . "  They impose selective restrictions on speech at the receiving end , not universal restrictions at the source . " He added , "  There is a potential for extraordinary harm and a serious chill upon protected speech " if the law takes effect . " In reconsidering the law , a federal appeals court in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , again ruled the law unconstitutional .	Justices reject appeal to reinstate the Child Online Protection Act COPA violates the First Amendment right to free speech , justices say COPA would have kept businesses from distributing "  harmful " content to minors In 2004 ruling , justice said parental filters are less restrictive on free speech
CNN  -- Faced with a loud and angry backlash from some of its most active users , photo-sharing app Instagram backtracked Tuesday on new language that appeared to give the company ownership of their images . "  The language we proposed ... raised question about whether your photos can be part of an advertisement , " Instagram co-founder Kevin Systrom wrote in a blog post . "  We do not have plans for anything like this and because of that we 're going to remove the language that raised the question . " An update Monday to Instagram 's terms of service had stated that data collected through the app can be shared with Facebook . That 's not a surprising move , considering Facebook paid an estimated $ 1 billion for the photo-sharing service earlier this year . But the language that upset some of the app 's more than 100 million users said that "  a business or other entity may pay " Instagram for the use of user images and may do so "  without any compensation to you . " That did n't sit well with some -- including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg 's wedding photographer . "  Pro or not if a company wants to use your photos for advertising they need to TELL you and PAY you , " Noah Kalina wrote Tuesday on Twitter . Kalina stopped short of vowing to quit Instagram , saying he hopes that language will be deleted . The proposed changes are set to go into effect January 16 . Others were n't being so patient . A popular Twitter feed associated with the hacker collective Anonymous was urging its more than 780,000 followers to dump the app Tuesday morning . "  Only way to opt out of @instagram selling your photos is deleting your account , " wrote the person who runs the account . "  Sounds good to us . #BoycottInstagram " . The feed posted image after image of screen shots from followers who had done just that . It claimed it was receiving thousands of such images -- too many to count . Systrom wrote that the intent of the new terms was "  to communicate that we 'd like to experiment with innovative advertising that feels appropriate on Instagram . " "  Instead it was interpreted by many that we were going to sell your photos to others without any compensation , " he wrote . "  This is not true and it is our mistake that this language is confusing . To be clear : it is not our intention to sell your photos . We are working on updated language in the terms to make sure this is clear . " The new terms appeared to significantly broaden what Instagram can do with users ' content . Currently they say , "  Instagram may place such advertising and promotions on the Instagram Services or on , about , or in conjunction with your Content . " Systrom 's post came after a morning when social media and tech blogs lit up with complaints . #BoycottInstagram and #Instagram were top trending topics on Twitter for much of the day . Wil Wheaton , who parlayed a child-actor stint on "  Star Trek : The Next Generation " into becoming one of the Web 's earliest star bloggers , wrote that he does n't use Instagram . But he questions whether other "  celebrities to some degree " could be exploited if they do . "  If someone Instagrams a photo of Seth Green walking through an Urban Outfitters , does that mean Urban Outfitters can take that image and use it to create an implied endorsement by Seth ? " Wheaton wrote . "  What if the picture is taken by a complete stranger ? Who gets final say in how the image is used ? The subject , the photographer , or Instagram ? " Even CNN 's own Anderson Cooper was expressing some concern on the site . " #Instagram will now be able to use anyone 's photos in ads ? Without consent ? " he wrote on Twitter . "  Come on ! Is there another photo app people recommend ? " Cooper was n't the only one considering his options . "  I have my fingers crossed that they , Instagram , will listen to the voice of the community and reverse the new terms of service , but I 'm not holding my breath , " wrote photojournalist Richard Koci Hernandez , who has more than 163,000 Instagram followers . He shared his thoughts Tuesday on Instagram , where he was posting blank black squares instead of his usual artful black-and-white images . "  I do n't feel like debating the terms of service or being too nostalgic about the old days of Instagram , I feel that it 's much better just to take our work and more importantly friendship and conversation to another place that respects our rights and ownership as creators , " Hernandez added . "  Let 's move the party to a new location . " Bloggers also were spotlighting tools like Hipstamatic and Camera Awesome , as well as Twitter 's own new photo service that includes Instagram-like filters . A year-and-a-half-old blog post from photo-sharing site Flickr was also making the rounds . In it , Yahoo , which owns Flickr , uses language , perhaps aimed at Facebook , that says "  w  e feel very strongly that sharing online should n't mean giving up rights to your photos . " Systrom said Instagram agrees . "  Instagram users own their content and Instagram does not claim any ownership rights over your photos , " he wrote . "  Nothing about this has changed . We respect that there are creative artists and hobbyists alike that pour their heart into creating beautiful photos , and we respect that your photos are your photos . Period . " It is , of course , too early to know how many people were fleeing Instagram on Tuesday . But anecdotal evidence suggested a movement was afoot . Instaport , a tool that lets users export and and download their Instagram images , was reporting overtaxed servers Tuesday morning . "  Our servers are very busy right now , so it may show you some errors , " the company wrote to a user on its Twitter feed . "  Please try again later or tomorrow . "	NEW : Instagram backtracks on controversial privacy language Language appeared to let the app sell users ' images for advertising Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg 's wedding photographer called it unfair NEW : Instagram co-founder : "  It is not our intention to sell your photos "
CNN  -- Formula One championship leader Nico Rosberg claimed pole position for Sunday 's British Grand Prix after a rain-affected qualifying session that saw his Mercedes teammate and title rival Lewis Hamilton slip back to sixth position , having at one stage looked set for top spot . World champion Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull claimed second position on the grid at Silverstone on Saturday , while McLaren 's Jenson Button boosted hopes of a home winner by qualifying third . Force India 's Nico Hulkenberg and Kevin Magnussen of McLaren picked up positions four and five respectively . Hamilton , who trails Rosberg by 29 points overall , had looked set to claim pole but pulled out of his final lap believing the damp conditions meant he could not better his Q3 time . But as the skies cleared and track dried , Rosberg , Vettel , Button , Hulkenberg and Magnussen all passed the Briton . Rosberg , with whom he has had a tetchy relationship at times this season , later spoke of his relief at Hamilton 's decision . "  Wow , what a qualifying . It was so tricky out there this afternoon with the rain and the conditions changing so quickly , " the German said . "  My last flying lap was difficult because we were very tight for time and I was stuck right up behind Lewis . "  Luckily he did n't finish his lap but I remembered that we were losing three or four seconds in the last corners when it was very wet , so there was an opportunity to make a real improvement and that I should keep going . " "  It 's a great opportunity to start the race from pole and I 'll give it everything to take the win tomorrow . " Latest results and standings Hamilton , seeking his first home victory since his championship-winning year of 2008 , was left to rue his bad judgment . "  I made a mistake today and pulled out of the lap when I should have kept going . It was a tough qualifying with the changing conditions and we got through most of it really well , until the most important part , " the Englishman said . "  It was my decision , a bad call , and that decided my qualifying . "  I need to have a start like I had in Austria two weeks ago and then do my best to get back to the front ; you never know what might happen . " Hamilton can at least comfort himself at getting as far as the final qualifying session . There were shock exits in Q1 , as Williams ' Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas were eliminated along with Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen and Fernando Alonso . It was a big setback for Massa and Bottas , who were on the front row in Austria just two weeks ago . Elsewhere , Force India 's Sergio Perez claimed seventh position just behind Hamilton and in front of Red Bull 's eighth-placed Daniel Ricciardo .	Nico Rosberg claims pole at British Grand Prix on Saturday Championship rival Lewis Hamilton can only qualify sixth Sebastian Vettel ends the day second fastest , just in front of Jenson Button
CNN  -- Everybody has problems here and there . Some are just bigger than others . Maybe a shiftless tenant wo n't pay his rent , a dishonest contractor is ripping off your Grandmother or a meth-addicted actress murdered your boyfriend . In the land of California noir , a sunny place full of shady people , these are not uncommon problems . When you need a solution , quick , you call Dick Henry . He cuts through the red tape . It may not always be moral , ethical , or legal but he gets the job done . That 's his line . He 's the shortcut man . Dick Henry is the wisecracking creation of author , P.G. Sturges and the hero of his newest novel , "  Tribulations of the Shortcut Man , " hitting bookstore shelves this week . This is Sturges ' second novel featuring Henry . Set in present-day Los Angeles , Sturges carries on in the classic noir tradition showing the seamy underside of the city and its criminal tendencies . However , Sturges deftly puts his own spin on the hard-boiled detective story . His "  Shortcut Man " novels are fun , sexy , and darkly humorous . He 's now winning rave reviews from critics and fans and drawing comparisons to some noir legends like Raymond Chandler . Sturges took a long and winding path to his success as an author . He 's the son of the famed Hollywood screenwriter and director , Preston Sturges , responsible for such classics as "  Sullivan 's Travels . " He died when the author was just six years old but the two share a love of quirky characters and screwball plots . P.G. Sturges grew up amongst the glitz and glamour of Los Angeles . He spent time as a submarine sailor for the U.S. Navy , calibrating tools as a metrologist , also as a musician and a screenwriter before becoming a novelist at age 57 . CNN recently spoke with Sturges about his burgeoning career , his authorial influences and his famous Father . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : For new readers , tell me a little bit about Dick Henry and what exactly is a shortcut man ? Sturges : Dick Henry is a guy who was thrown out of the LAPD . He 's ended up in a position where he pursues justice for his clients with the aim not of pleasing the civil code but of actually doing justice for the people . The shortcuts refer to his ignoring various codes , laws , protocols and just doing the right thing . That 's what he wants to do , the right thing . CNN : Even though the books are set in present day Los Angeles they have a very classic , noir style . What drew you to this type of story ? Sturges : I wish I could say I did it on purpose but I did n't . That 's just the way I told the story . The first time I tried writing it in the third person and I realized it was n't working . Then I tried writing in the first person and I got a flow going . Then I understood how to write for "  The Shortcut Man . " Also , sheerly by chance I found the way to write about any subject that appeals to me is through Dick Henry . So Dick knows as much as I do but when he 's wrong about things of course it 's my character who 's wrong and not me . CNN : You share parts of your past with Dick Henry . Is there a lot of your personality in him and vice versa ? Sturges : Oh yes . I am not a shortcut man , though I admire Dick for his strength , his bravery , his success with women and his beautiful cars but I was a submarine sailor and a musician . So when I introduce him and how he became the shortcut man when someone stole his gearshift from his car in Hawaii that is actually a true story . That 's really how I handled that . There 's a story in the first book about going to the jazz club and trying to impress the girl , bringing up the song , "  All the Things You Are " by Jerome Kern , impressing her then going up and asking the band to play that song and the guy goes , we just played it man . That actually happened to me too . That 's the beauty of this particular character that anything can go in there . So I 'm having a great deal of fun writing for Dick Henry and I hope to do that as long as I live . CNN : So how did you go from submarine sailor to musician to successful writer ? Sturges : Well , had I been a success at any of the other things I had tried before writing a novel , I would have never got to writing novels . It 's just I got tired of writing screenplays , being ripped apart and changed and your name left on them , which is disconcerting . You know a screenplay is a blueprint for a movie and it takes an expert to read a blueprint . Finally , I thought , I 'm just going to tell this story the right way at least in one form , so I got around to writing the novel and discovered how much I really enjoy that form . CNN : Your father was the famous Hollywood screenwriter and director , Preston Sturges . You mention him several times in your first book . Was he your inspiration to become a writer ? Sturges : He died when I was six years old so I never got to ask him the writing questions that occurred to me later but I certainly love his work . I 'm a fan of it and I love it and my appreciation of him because I have few memories left , is the kind way he treated his characters in his movies . My primary knowledge of him like everybody else is through his films but I feel I have a special insight when I watch them . He was known for giving his characters outlandish names and I 'm convinced that the reason he did that is because when you give a specific name to a character , in your mind they fully inhabit that name so that name becomes a shorthand for that exact character . So instead of saying Bob you have Truman , and Truman is going to leap to mind and you 're going to be able to more easily write in his stead . Like Rutland Atwater , from the new novel , that name was specifically tailored , to me that name sounds like a fat guy . So every time I wrote Rutland he fully was in my mind . I do n't know if other people do that but that 's why I do that and I think that 's why my father did that . CNN : Do you ever think about what your father would say about your novels ? Sturges : I think he would very much enjoy them . He would enjoy them because I enjoy them . They 're not a drill to write . I do n't write to a formula . I think I 'm kind to my characters . I do n't have anybody who 's in there just to accomplish certain things , to facilitate plot twists . I think you create characters and in a book that has any feel of life , they have to act in their own self interest . That means making them real and even the bad ones have good parts in them . CNN : You 've been described as a worthy successor to Raymond Chandler but what writers have influenced you ? Sturges : Well , there 's Arthur Conan Doyle , Patrick O ' Brian and his series of novels about the British navy . I like Michael Connelly of course . I 've read every bit of Connelly and I love Harry Bosch but who does n't ? I like Charles Bukowski , his novels more than his poetry . I loved Edgar Rice Burroughs growing up , the Mars series , I must have read them ten times . Lately I 've been reading Bill Bryson . Recently I read "  Tom Jones , " also "  War and Peace " and some Dickens . What I found out about the great writers , they always have humor in their books . They do n't set out to be funny but their notice of life as it passes has funny moments and they get it . I like to read more from a civilian viewpoint . I do n't read a book to say this is how the author did this and this is how he did that . I just like to read a great story . CNN : What 's next for you ? Sturges : Book number three is already finished and in the can . I have n't polished it but the manuscript is complete . Signing with Scribner seriously unleashed my ambition . I 've been writing all sorts of things . I 'm just finishing something now called , "  The Cuckold 's Clock . " It 's a story about a man living in today 's times who comes into possession of a clock that supposedly stops if your spouse is unfaithful . So the clock stops and what do you believe in 2012 ? It takes place outside Dick Henry 's world . It could exist beside it but they do n't come together . Apart from that , look for "  Vexations of the Shortcut Man " next year and I hope you 'll read it . Read an excerpt from "  Tribulations of the Shortcut Man . "	P.G. Sturges , son of famous director Preston Sturges , writes classic noir novels His latest , "  Tribulations of the Shortcut Man , " is out this week The story is "  fun , sexy and darkly humorous "
CNN  -- Country singer Kevin Sharp , best known for his hit "  Nobody Knows , " has died from "  complications due to cancer , " his mother said . He was 43 . Sharp was diagnosed with cancer as a teenager . He was treated , and the disease did not reoccur , but he had problems later in life because of the radiation and chemotherapy he underwent , Elaine Sharp said . She said her son died Saturday night at her home in Fair Oaks , California . "  He had a good , strong heart , " she said . "  He 's not hurting anymore . " His website added that he died "  due to ongoing complications from past stomach surgeries and digestive issues . " Sharp grew up wanting to be a singer . According to a 1998 story from Music City News , Sharp -- who grew up in a large family that included a number of foster children -- was a high school athlete and participated in a Sacramento , California , light-opera company . It was during his senior year in high school that he was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer that had spread to his lungs . The ailment led to Sharp meeting producer and songwriter David Foster through the Make-a-Wish Foundation . Foster , known for his work with such artists as Celine Dion and Michael Buble , helped support Sharp through years of chemotherapy and a determination to wean himself from painkillers after the cancer went into remission . In the mid - '90s , after working at an amusement park to make ends meet , Sharp landed a record deal and went to No. 1 on the country charts with "  Nobody Knows . " He followed that hit with a handful of others , including "  She 's Sure Taking It Well " and "  If You Love Somebody . " The early success , he said , was "  like learning how to swim by somebody throwing you into the deep end of the swimming pool , " he told Country Weekly in 2012 . But he did n't forget the Make-a-Wish Foundation through his own highs and lows , becoming a representative and getting a tattoo of the organization 's logo on his chest . In later years , he traveled the country as a motivational speaker , according to his website , and wrote a book called "  Tragedy 's Gift . " His willingness to help others kept hope alive in himself , he told Country Weekly . "  If I did n't believe what I try to express and tell others , I would n't be here , " he said . Singers and industry insiders expressed their condolences on Twitter . "  Sorry to hear of the passing of Kevin Sharp , " wrote Mark Wills . "  My fellow country artist Kevin Sharp passed away last night and went to spend Easter with Jesus . My prayers to the family , " tweeted Billy Dean . Sharp 's website asked people who want to make a donation in his memory to give to their local chapter of the Make-A-Wish Foundation . A memorial service is being planned in Nashville . Details were not immediately available . People we 've lost in 2014	His mother says Kevin Sharp died from "  complications due to cancer " "  He 's not hurting anymore , " she says A memorial service is being planned in Nashville
CNN  -- Chinese authorities in eastern Jiangsu Province have launched a massive manhunt for a suspect in a deadly armed robbery , according to Chinese media . The suspect allegedly shot and killed a man who had just withdrawn 200,000 yuan  $ 31,700  from a bank in Nanjing 's Dongmen Street on January 6 and then fled the scene in a car , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Nanjing Public Security Bureau 's Xuanwu district office told CNN that more than 80,000 police have joined the manhunt , while a reward of 150,000 yuan has been offered for information leading to the killer 's arrest . Authorities believe the suspect -- a man in his early 40s from Sichuan province called Zeng Kaigui -- is also responsible for shooting dead six others in six robberies in Changsha and Chongqing municipality over the past seven years . Nanjing police have obtained two video clips of the suspect escaping the scene and published them online , and said Zeng is of medium build and wears black outfits during the robbery . Police have posted Zeng 's profile picture in public places like subway stations and Internet cafes , and have handed them out to taxi and bus drivers throughout the c Many big screens in downtown Nanjing are also showing the suspect 's video clips hourly with police warnings to citizens . CNN 's Shao Tian contributed to this report .	Massive search launched for killer who robbed a man of $ 31,700 More than 80,000 police have joined the manhunt for the suspect in Nanjing Police have obtained two video clips of the suspect escaping the scene The robber is believed to have killed at least six others throughout China
Adults who were exposed to large amounts of secondhand smoke during childhood have lungs that look different on CT scans from those of people who grew up in a smoke-free environment , a new study suggests . The harmful short-term effects of secondhand smoke are well known ; the long-term consequences are n't as clear . Specifically , their lungs have slightly more , and larger , emphysema-like "  holes " than those with less smoke exposure , says Gina Lovasi , M.P.H. , Ph.D. , of Columbia University , and her colleagues . Although breathing tests showed that the smoke-exposed lungs were functioning just fine , Lovasi said the changes could signal an increased vulnerability to developing emphysema and other lung problems down the road . Health.com : Should smoking around kids be illegal ? Emphysema is a progressive lung disease characterized by shortness of breath , coughing , fatigue , and weight loss . About 24 million people in the United States have emphysema and/or chronic bronchitis , which together are known as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease  COPD  ; however about half of those people do n't realize they have COPD . The lung condition is the fourth-leading cause of death in the United States , and smoking is a major cause of COPD . Health.com : I 'm a nonsmoker , but I have emphysema due to a rare genetic condition "  The interesting part about this is that we do n't know a lot about how the lungs change over time and whether they heal completely after being exposed to tobacco , " says Lovasi , who is scheduled to present her findings on Tuesday at the American Thoracic Society 's 105th International Conference in San Diego . "  We can still see a difference even decades later . " The harmful short-term effects of breathing other people 's cigarette smoke are well known , but the long-term consequences are n't as clear . To investigate , Lovasi and her team looked at CT scans of the lungs of 1,781 nonsmoking 45 - to 84-year-olds taking part in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis  MESA  trial . Health.com : 5 celebrities who had -- or are at risk of -- the lung disease COPD About half of the study participants said that no one with whom they lived during childhood smoked cigarettes at home , 31 percent lived with one person who smoked at home , and 17 percent lived with two or more smokers . Lovasi and her team checked the lung CT scans for large areas where the density was similar to air  lung tissue is naturally denser than air  , and also calculated what percentage of their lungs was made up of these "  holes . " Health.com : My smoker 's cough turned out to be emphysema "  The lungs are supposed to have air in them , but it 's important that the air is interspersed with blood vessels so that we can get the oxygen out of the air , " she says . "  Small holes can expand over time and merge to form larger holes . " For people who had n't grown up with smokers , 17 percent of their lung tissue had this air-like density , while "  holes " made up 20 percent of the lung area of people who had lived with at least two smokers during childhood . The more heavily smoke-exposed study participants also had more relatively large holes in their lungs . In comparison , "  someone with emphysema would typically have between 30 percent and 60 percent of the lungs classified as air-like  or emphysema-like  using the threshold we used for our study , " says Lovasi . Health.com : 1 in 3 smokers would kick habit to protect pet Lovasi says she and her colleagues will be following the MESA participants over time to see how their lungs change , and whether people with more early smoke exposure are indeed more vulnerable to lung problems later on . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Lungs of adults who had grown up with secondhand smoke had more "  holes " Many "  holes " -- less dense areas of lung -- are characteristic of emphysema Even though smoke-exposed lungs functioned fine , there 's concern for future health About 24 million people in the United States have emphysema , chronic bronchitis
CNN  -- Apple CEO Tim Cook expects China , the world 's most populous country , to become the No. 1 market for the company . Equally heavyweight tech companies Google or Facebook can only watch with envy . It is not because of lack of effort that they are nowhere near the success of Apple in China . Their businesses are just too different . The Chinese government 's tight control on freedom of information flow applies especially to the Internet . Web access is filtered on a regular basis . Social media websites such as Facebook and Twitter are blocked because the government deems them as potential hot spots for facilitating politically sensitive or socially inappropriate content . Meanwhile , Google is operational in China but has to route all searches to its Hong Kong site , and the access is often interrupted . So , it is fair to say that the Chinese government is the reason why companies such as Google and Facebook are not doing well in China . In contrast , Apple mainly sells hardware , so it has not run into any censorship problems . Chinese consumers love electronic gadgets . Mobile phones are ubiquitous . Apple is doing incredibly well because its products are so much more attractive and pricy . The iPhone quickly become a status symbol product in Chinese social circles since its debut . Likewise , the iPad also joined the must-have list as soon as it was launched . If someone wants to lubricate his "  guanxi " -- relationship -- with an important person , these two products are often the gift of choice . Before the iPad reached China , a businessman in Shanghai told me that in the back of his car trunk , he had stocked at least 20 iPads , all bought in Hong Kong . "  It is the most-loved present for government officials , " he claimed . The social pressure of having an Apple product is strong , especially as the wealthy elites set the trend . If a middle class Chinese consumer can not afford an expensive car or watch , sporting an iPhone may be just as good . Even the bad press surrounding Foxconn , the main manufacturer of Apple products , did not make too much of a dent on the company 's sales . There is no doubt that China will be an important market for Apple in the coming years . Among the three main telecommunications companies in the country , China Mobile is the only one without Apple 's iPhone support despite the fact that it is the largest operator with nearly 700 million subscribers . Many high-end China Mobile customers still stay in 2G network because China Mobile 's 3G network does not have iPhones . If China Mobile gets its own version of iPhone , as rumor has it recently , then it would be a shot in the arm for Apple . Interestingly enough , Apple 's growth in China is all from its hardware . Its iTunes store sales from music , videos , books or apps downloads are almost negligible . This has nothing to do with the government . There is no censorship of iTunes other than Apple 's own self-screening mechanism . Poor sales from iTunes store owe more to the fact that the Chinese are habitually reluctant to pay for intellectual properties . To make things worse , there are so many websites that offer "  jailbreak " tips so that people can easily bypass Apple and get free downloads elsewhere . There are rumors that Apple might consider adding a cheaper version of the iPhone for the Chinese market . In light of the fast growing smartphone market , cheaper phones seem to make sense especially since there are still millions of Chinese who can not afford a pricy iPhone of 5000 yuan  roughly $ 800 dollars  . But Apple should stay away from the idea . It does not make sense to sacrifice profit margin just for a greater market share . Doing so would tarnish the premium image of Apple and erode the love and loyalty of the elites . One lesson that Apple can learn is that not long ago , Nokia used to own the Chinese market but it became so popular that it lost its appeal to the elites . Nokia ended up trying a new brand , Vertu , to entice consumers , but it was not very successful . By building more retail stores in China , Apple would certainly accelerate its growth . But the challenge is to maintain its prestige so that consumers would not lose interest and crave for a new elite brand . Apple might also want to rethink its iTunes Store business model in China so that it can generate sales in other ways . Hardware comes and goes . One day , Apple products can and will be replaced . But demand for books , movies , music , and apps is ongoing . Will Apple find a way to tap into the Chinese consumption for content ? We 'll just have to see . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeongwen Chiang .	Apple CEO Tim Cook expects China to become the No. 1 market for the company Jeongwen Chiang : Google or Facebook can only watch with envy He says Apple mainly sells hardware , which does n't run into censorship problems Chiang : iPhones and iPads are also considered status symbols among elites
CNN  -- Thursday afternoon , Barack Obama presided over the unveiling of George W. Bush 's official portrait in the White House , a warm event that reminds us : It feels like years since President Dubya regaled the world with his famous spoonerisms . His retirement has been defined by an awkward silence . While John McCain 's endorsement was trumpeted by Mitt Romney , Bush delivered his in just four words . "  I 'm for Mitt Romney , " he shouted to a journalist as an elevator door closed between them . If , just for old time 's sake , Bush had said , "  I 'm for Ritt Momney , " it would have been perfect . Bush 's silence may be motivated by the recognition that much of the public does n't like him . He left office with the worst approval rating for a president since Watergate . But Bush could undergo a renaissance of enthusiasm . Consider the shifting attitudes toward Harry Truman . When he left the White House in 1952 , Truman was blamed for the recession and an ugly war in Korea . His approval rate was just 31 % . By 1977 , Jimmy Carter was hanging Truman 's portrait in the White House and the band Chicago sang , "  America needs you , Harry Truman ! " The switch came partly because Truman , like Bush , had a gentle , honest personality that voters looked back on with fondness . But Truman also proved prescient in his conduct of the Cold War . Bush , likewise , might seem a better and more farsighted leader in a few years time . But not yet . In the short term , the two things that will dominate popular memories of Bush are the credit crunch and the Iraq War . John Bolton , Bush 's ambassador to the UN , admitted this week that his former employer had left Obama "  a mess " to clean up . That 's an understatement . To be fair , Bush himself faced some events beyond his control : a recession in 2001 and the global collapse of financial institutions in 2007-2008 . Nevertheless , on his watch median household income fell , poverty rose and millions lost health insurance . One particularly ugly stat : In 2000 there were 11.6 million children living in poverty in the United States , but by 2008 that number had swelled to 14.1 million . Meanwhile , billions of dollars and thousands of lives were lost in the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq . Even so , the future of democracy in both countries remains uncertain . In the course of "  rooting out terrorism , " civil liberties were compromised . If you like your government limited and cautious -- in the style of Thomas Jefferson or Ron Paul -- Bush was n't your kind of a conservative . However , as memories fade and new reasons to be angry take their place , Bush 's time in office might start to look comparatively benign . The economic figures might have been bad when Bush left the White House , but they 've only gotten worse . Total debt was nearly $ 11 trillion in January 2009 , when Obama took office , and it 's more than $ 15 trillion today . In January 2009 , unemployment was 7.8 % and , after hitting a high of 10 % in October 2009 , is down to 8.1 % . People might not have reason to be nostalgic about Bush , but Obama has n't yet delivered all that change he promised . Moreover , his foreign policy -- although involving fewer boots on the ground -- has dramatically expanded the definition of the enemy and the tools available to fight them . In the wake of the discovery of a creepy "  Kill List , " a number of liberal journalists have written that Obama is actually less ethical or constitutionally minded than his predecessor . Bush might have tortured enemy combatants , but Obama has targeted U.S. citizens identified as terrorists . Still , historical distance from Bush 's presidency will let us put it in greater perspective . Subjective bad memories will be replaced by objective analysis . And , objectively , he was a very important president . In foreign affairs , Bush defined the War on Terror in much the way that Truman shaped thinking about the struggle against communism for decades . After 9/11 , Bush could have determined the threat to America to be a limited terrorist opposition centered on al Qaeda . Instead , he defined it as a grand existential conflict between democracy and radical Islam : a clash of civilizations . Many may argue that his analysis was flawed , but many in the West also bought it -- witness Britain 's participation in Iraq and Afghanistan and France 's ban on the Burqa . On Bush 's watch a consensus developed that Islamic extremism must be confronted . More importantly , the idea that the West would support democracy , regardless of the cost -- that the age of the great dictators was over - probably shaped the popular risings that took place across the Middle East in 2010-11 . Would there have been an Arab Spring without an Iraq war ? Maybe not . At home , Bush was surprisingly innovative , too . He spoke Spanish and attracted unusual numbers of Latino votes . He appointed two black secretaries of State and a Chinese-American secretary of Labor . He also gave to the right the concept of compassionate conservatism : the idea that instead of simply pushing for less government , the Republicans should offer constructive proposals for what should take its place . A result is that the one place in the world where Bush is guaranteed a good reception is Africa . In 2003 , just 50,000 Africans were on anti-retroviral drugs . Thanks to the $ 18 billion in aid that Bush pumped into the continent , the figure had risen to 1.3 million people by 2007 . The picture that emerges is a president who was , like Truman , ahead of his time in some regards but who was undermined by events that , in the beginning at least , were beyond his control . Without 9/11 , Bush might have been a more benign Eisenhower-style president who could have spent his energies pursuing two policies that Republicans and Democrats will probably have to come to terms with eventually : immigration reform and free trade with Asia . The War on Terror undermined those domestic ambitions . However , it also gave him the opportunity to change the way we perceive the world . For good or bad , we 'll be living by the Bush model of international relations for many years to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley says portrait unveiling allows moment to re-evaluate Bush presidency He says Bush approval rating was low , but history may show him as important president He says Iraq war , credit crunch strikes against him , but efforts on immigration showed vision Stanley : Big legacy is defining war on terror , a concept many have bought into
San Diego , California  CNN  -- In his epic "  Letter from the Birmingham Jail , " the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. observed that "  justice too long delayed is justice denied . " But now that the Obama administration is fast-tracking the deportation of thousands of undocumented minors , perhaps hoping to get rid of them before the November elections , it 's clear that expedited justice is just as bad . Some migrants who come to the United States are dying to go home . Sadly , some of these deported kids could be going home to die . When Americans first learned that as many as 60,000 unaccompanied minors from Central America had made their way into the United States since October 2013 , and we heard the horrific stories they told about being assaulted and targeted for murder in their home countries , we had to know this story was n't going to have a happy ending . The Obama administration has said from the beginning that most of those children would have to go home . In order to ensure such an outcome , the administration has its thumb on the scale . A lawsuit claims that the system is rigged to make it all but impossible to establish the "  credible fear " necessary for the kids to obtain asylum . Despite the President 's claim that there is no rush in returning the children and due process would be preserved , the reality is much different . Kids are given court dates they ca n't possibly be expected to make -- often in another state . Many do n't have lawyers . Deportation cases are being rushed through the pipeline . According to the New Jersey Star-Ledger , the first bloc of deportation cases against children from Central America are under way in the New Jersey courts . Immigration attorneys and immigrant advocates worry that the children wo n't have enough time to find a lawyer who can prepare an adequate defense that might allow them to stay in the United States . For Katie Manton , an attorney with Casa de Esperanza , a nonprofit organization in the state that gives low-cost legal services to immigrants , justice expedited is no justice at all . "  Although the court clearly gives them this list of legal providers , I would bet 90 % are not going to find lawyers , " Manton told the newspaper . "  There are not enough , and the time frame they are giving them is very rushed . It 's a violation of due process . " Of course , many of these kids will never make it as far as New Jersey . In fact , many have been quietly apprehended at the border and returned to Guatemala , Honduras , and El Salvador . Last month , Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , a possible contender for the Democratic nomination in 2016 , warned that the administration was giving the migrant children death sentences . O'Malley told a gathering of the National Governors Association in Nashville , Tennessee : "  We are not a country that should turn children away and send them back to certain death . " O'Malley was right . Take it from Hector Hernandez , who runs the morgue in the Honduran town of San Pedro Sula , which is one of the most violent cities in the world . According to an article in the Los Angeles Times , he said that at least one child slain in San Pedro Sula since February was deported from the United States . Gang members shot at another young man deported from the U.S. . In another case reported by the Los Angeles Times , a boy was shot and killed after leaving a deportation flight , according to his cousin . The article refers to "  thousands " of undocumented Honduran children who were deported by the United States . By the end of the year , there could easily be many more dead children who -- once upon a time -- managed to escape their hellish environment . They trekked all the way to the United States , only to be captured and sent home without a hearing , without due process , without a chance . Shame on us . This is not how a great country welcomes the most vulnerable people in the world .	Ruben Navarrette : U.S. rushes deportation of thousands of unaccompanied minors Navarrette : System is rigged to make it all but impossible for kids to obtain asylum Navarrette : Deported children reportedly killed upon return to murderous situation they fled He predicts that as thousands of kids are deported , more children will be killed
They hugged at the Rafah border crossing . Cheered in Gaza City . And in Mitzpe Hila , Israel , they gave a hero 's welcome for the young soldier who last saw his hometown five years ago . The release of Israeli soldier Gildad Shalit in exchange for the eventual release of 1,027 Palestinians held by Israel unleashed a powerful wave of celebration among Palestinians and Israelis alike . It also raised the ire of some Israelis , who worry the deal would lead to more violence . In Mitzpe Hila , onlookers waved Israeli flags , danced , cheered and tossed white roses at a convoy carrying the young soldier home . He emerged from a white van and briefly acknowledged the crowd with a wave before uniformed officers hustled him away , apparently into his parents ' home . At the Rafah crossing from Egypt to Gaza , masked Hamas gunmen accompanied buses filled with released prisoners to a terminal where they met with friends and relatives for emotional reunions before a mass celebration and parade in Gaza City . Some of them chanted , "  We want another Shalit , " CNN 's Matthew Chance reported . Crowds of Palestinians flooded the streets of Gaza , waving flags and banners to welcome the released prisoners home . They pressed up to buses carrying the prisoners to a rally in Gaza City , reaching out to touch the newly freed as they leaned out windows . People shouted , "  With our blood and with our hearts we sacrifice for you prisoners . " Ahmed Qawasmi was awaiting the release of his son Amer , who was arrested when he was 17 and had been in prison 24 years . "  I am very very happy for the release of my son Amer , " he said . "  The celebrations and happiness wo n't be complete until all Palestinian prisoners are free from Israeli prisons . " Nabil Hamouz told CNN he was waiting for the release of his mother Hanan , who has served one year of a 2 1/2 - year sentence for trying to stab an Israeli soldier . "  I am very happy and ca n't wait to hug my mother again , " he said , weeping . Hamas official Hassan Youssef welcomed the release of some prisoners but said it was not enough . "  We are all shedding two tears : one tear for the release of all of our fighters , and a tear of pain for all of our brothers still in prison , " he said . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu used strikingly similar language to describe his nation 's emotions at the release of Shalit . "  Today we are all united in joy and in pain . ... This is also a hard day ; even if the price had been smaller , it would still have been heavy , " he said . While Israelis are solidly supportive of the deal , they are nearly split on the question of whether the release will harm Israeli security , according to a poll of 500 people conducted by the Dahaf Polling Institute for the Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper . Gershon Baskin , an Israeli peace activist who helped negotiate the deal , said it will help encourage democratic trends in Palestinian areas . "  It 's certainly an emotional day in my life , " he said . But Arnold Roth , whose daughter died in the 2001 bombing of a Jerusalem pizzeria , called the exchange "  quite catastrophic . " One of the prisoners released Tuesday was a woman who Roth said masterminded the bombing . "  What happened here is that under conditions of extortion , the government of Israel has done everything it needs to do to bring home a soldier , " he said . "  But it 's emptied its prisons of security prisoners , terrorists , murderers , people who stood trial and who have the most unimaginable crimes on their records . So this is a horrible outcome . " Of course , Palestinian officials do n't see it that way , and hope Tuesday 's scene will be repeated again and again until all of the estimated 5,000 Palestinians held by Israel are released . Palestinian Prime Mister Mahmoud Abbas told cheering crowds they had "  fought and sacrificed , and you will see the results of your struggle in an independent Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital . " And he said more prisoners would be released . "  We have made an agreement with the Israeli government to release another group of prisoners , and we call on them to keep their promises , " he said .	In Israeli soldier 's hometown , residents wave flags , dance , cheer his return In Gaza , thousands cheer the return of Palestinian prisoners Some say the exchange will help the peace process Others worry it will lead to more violence
CNN  -- A 6.4-magnitude earthquake jolted southern Taiwan on Thursday morning , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . There were no immediate reports of injuries or deaths but some damage has occurred to buildings and major bridges , and power was cut off near the epicenter . The quake struck at about 8:20 a.m.  7:20 p.m. Wednesday ET  in a mountainous region about 25 miles northwest of Taitung , on the southeast coast , and 40 miles east of Tainan and Kaohsiung on the southwest coast . The region , which includes Maolin National Scenic Area , is recovering from a direct hit by Typhoon Morakot that killed hundreds in August . The typhoon dumped more than two feet of rain , causing serious mudslides in the south , including one that buried the village of Shiao Lin under 50 feet of mud . Thursday 's quake was followed by several aftershocks , the largest reaching 4.8 . The initial 6.4 quake rumbled to the surface from 14 miles deep . Were you there ? Did you feel it ? The Taiwan Ministry of Interior and the National Fire Agency said electricity was cut off near the epicenter but had no further information . Residents in southern Taiwan reported cracks in some buildings and major bridges . Train service was also disrupted in some areas , Taiwanese media reported . Albert Yu , communications manager of the humanitarian organization World Vision , told CNN he was about halfway through a 90-minute trip via high-speed train from Taipei to Tainan when the quake struck . Passengers did not feel the quake , he said , but operators stopped the train and announced what had happened . More than an hour later , the train had not resumed its journey . "  The operator is examining the train and the tracks , " he said , adding that there was a concern about the stability of the area , particularly after the typhoon . "  Inside the train , people are calm and are waiting it out -- opening laptops , starting to work and chatting with people around them . " Yu said World Vision "  has already been on high alert responding to the quakes in Haiti and Chile , so we 're closely monitoring reports in the earthquake in southern Taiwan . " Residents in the capital Taipei , 155 miles to the north , also felt the shaking . Earthquakes are not uncommon in the 13,892-square-mile island -- about the size of the U.S. states of Maryland and Delaware combined -- which sits across the juncture of the Eurasian and Philippine tectonic plates . A 6.4-magnitude earthquake struck the same general region in December . The island took a double hit on December 26 , 2006 , when earthquakes of 7.1 and 6.9 magnitude hit eight minutes apart . The largest recorded quake to strike Taiwan was an 8.0-magnitude quake in 1920 , but the worst earthquake disaster stemmed from a 7.1-magnitude quake in 1935 that killed more than 3,200 people -- followed by a 6.5-magnitude quake that killed more than 2,700 people three months later . More recently , a 7.6-magnitude earthquake killed more than 2,400 people in 1999 . CNN 's Christine Theodorou and Journalist Andrew Lee contributed to this report	6.4 quake rocks southern Taiwan at about 0120 GMT Aftershocks follow ; no immediate reports of deaths Quake hits northwest of Taitung , on the southeast coast Residents in southern Taiwan report blackouts ; train services disrupted
CNN  -- A United Airlines flight was diverted to Cuba on Sunday after its crew reported a strong odor in the plane , U.S. aviation and airline spokesmen said . Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Les Dorr said United Flight 831 , an Airbus A320 , landed safely at Jose Marti Airport in Havana at 12:07 p.m. local time . The flight had left Washington Dulles airport , located in northern Virginia , just before 9 a.m. , according to United 's website . It was supposed to land at 11:27 a.m. in Cancun , Mexico . But crew members "  noticed an unfamiliar smell in the cabin , " said United Airlines spokesman Charlie Hobart . Dorr noted that the crew detected a burning smell , saying it was in the cockpit . "  In an abundance of caution , the pilots decided to land the aircraft in the nearest available airport , " Hobart said , explaining how the plane ended up in Cuba . The aircraft had 135 passengers and five crew members -- two pilots and three flight attendants -- on board . It remained on the ground , in the Caribbean nation , as of 5:15 p.m. Hobart said the airline is "  working to reaccommodate our customers , " saying another plane was being ferried in from Cancun that will then take the passengers there . Normally , there are tight restrictions on the travel of U.S. citizens to the Communist state of Cuba , based on federal law . United does not typically fly to Cuba , according to its website .	United Flight 831 took off around 9 a.m. from Dulles airport , the airline 's website says Its crew noticed a strong odor in the plane , says FAA and United spokesmen As a result , the flight is diverted and lands at Havana airport around noon United , which does n't fly to Cuba , is sending a plane there to transport passengers
CNN  -- A massive iceberg that broke off an Antarctic glacier in July is now moving toward the open ocean and could pose a threat to busy shipping lanes , researchers reported . The huge berg is estimated to be about 270 square miles  700 square kilometers  in area , about the size of nation of Singapore or double the size of the city of Atlanta . "  An iceberg that size could survive for a year or longer and it could drift a long way north in that time and end up in the vicinity of world shipping lanes in the Southern Ocean , " Robert Marsh , a scientist at the University of Southampton in England , said in a press release this week . Detecting the dangers of Greenland 's giant icebergs Marsh is part of a team of scientists who have been given an emergency grant to track the iceberg and predict its path so ships traveling through the area can be alerted . Researchers at the Alfred Wegener Institute , using images from the German Space Agency 's TerraSAR-X satellite , reported in July that the iceberg was separating from the Antarctica 's Pine Island Glacier . It had been kept close to the glacier by sea ice , another researcher , Grant Bigg from the University of Sheffield , told the BBC . But the end of the Antarctic winter has melted some of the sea ice and given the berg a route to the open ocean , he said . "  In the last couple of days , it has begun to break away and now a kilometer or two of clear water has developed between it and the glacier , " Bigg told the BBC . The calving of the massive berg has been a long process . The crack that produced it was first detected by a NASA plane in October 2011 . The researchers say this will be the first time to track the path of such a massive iceberg , something that will be more important as the effects of global warming increase . Antarctic ice shelves ` tearing apart , ' says study	Iceberg could last in open ocean for a year , researcher says Sea ice that kept berg close to Antarctica now melting , scientist says Iceberg separated from glacier in July
CNN  -- Japan may withdraw the last of its military mission in Iraq by the end of the year , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Thursday . Japan 's Ground Self-Defense Force was initially deployed in 2004 to help in reconstruction and left in 2006 . Japan 's Air Self-Defense Force has been airlifting materials and troops between Kuwait and Iraq since 2006 to support U.S.-led coalition forces . "  The political and security situations have improved , " and the Iraqi government suggested it wants countries to downsize their presence , Defense Minister Yoshimasa Hayashi told reporters , according to the Kyodo news agency . Foreign Minister Masahiko Komura said Japan will discuss an official schedule for ending the mission with the United States , the United Nations and Iraq . Withdrawal would mark the end of Japan 's military presence in Iraq . The country 's Ground Self-Defense Force was initially deployed in 2004 to help in reconstruction and left in 2006 . The Japanese Navy continues to take part in refueling missions in support of the U.S.-led coalition in and around Afghanistan . Except for a three-month hiatus , Japan had been refueling coalition warships taking part in interdiction operations against terrorists in the Indian Ocean since 2001 . As an officially pacifist nation since losing World War II , Japan 's participation in these missions has been controversial .	Japan may withdraw the last of its military mission in Iraq by the end of the year Japan 's military has airlifted materials , troops between Kuwait and Iraq since 2006 Japanese ground force deployed in Iraq in 2004 to aid reconstruction left in 2006 Japanese Navy continues refueling missions in support of coalition in Afghanistan
China and North Korea have slammed a U.N. report that found crimes against humanity committed in the reclusive Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . At the Monday session of the Human Rights Council , China 's representative called a landmark report that was highly critical of North Korea 's human rights record "  divorced from reality . " The diplomat 's words indicate that China , a permanent member of the Security Council , may block attempts to refer North Korean issues to the International Criminal Court . In February , the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea published a 400-page report documenting the widespread torture and abuse , and called for urgent action including the referral of its findings to the ICC for possible prosecution . Pyongyang 's representative accused the entire commission of being spurred by "  lies " and "  hostile forces . " The North Korean official objected and left when the Japanese representative brought in the head of a Japanese association for families , whose loved ones have been reportedly abducted by North Korea , to make a statement . The almost yearlong investigation by the commission involved more than 320 witnesses in public hearings and private interviews . It listed a litany of abuses including a new mother being forced to drown her newborn , corpses being eaten by dogs and rampant beatings . "  If this report does not give rise to action , it is difficult to imagine what will , " said Michael Kirby , the Commission of Inquiry 's chair . Why North Korea probably wo n't change despite damning U.N. report ` Scourge of human rights violations ' He urged the international community to take action . "  Contending with the scourges of Nazism , apartheid , the Khmer Rouge and other affronts required great courage by great nations and ordinary human beings alike . It is now your solemn duty to address the scourge of human rights violations and crimes against humanity in the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . " North Korea is a state , the report concluded , "  that does not content itself with ensuring the authoritarian rule of a small group of people , but seeks to dominate every aspect of its citizens ' lives and terrorizes them from within . " North Korea 's ambassador to the United Nations , So Se Pyong said the United States and "  other hostile forces " had fabricated the report in an attempt to "  defame the dignified image of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and eventually eliminate its social system . " He charged that the testimonies by defectors and witnesses were fabrications by criminals who fled North Korea . Everyone in North Korea is guaranteed human rights and freedoms , So maintained . "  We defend our social system . It 's the cradle of life and happiness . " So said North Korea takes "  sincere efforts " to make peace in the Korean peninsula and blamed joint South Korea-U.S. military exercises . On Sunday , North Korea launched 25 short-range rockets from its east coast into open water , according to South Korea . So did not address any of the report 's points regarding the right to food , prison camps , torture and inhuman treatment , arbitrary detention , discrimination , freedom of expression , the right to life , freedom of movement , and enforced disappearances , including abductions of other citizens . He blamed the United States saying it should be investigated for "  egregious human rights violations . " Kirby said the diplomat 's statement was a "  diversion " instead of addressing human rights concerns . Report : North Korea ` experienced ' in evading U.N. sanctions China backs North Korea North Korea found support from its staunchest ally , China , which also disputed the report 's findings . Its representative , Chen Chuandong said the report could not be fair and impartial because of "  the inability of the Commission to get support and cooperation from the country concerned . " During the 11-month investigation , the commission 's request for access into North Korea and information were denied or ignored . China said the inability to get cooperation from North Korea put the credibility of the report in question . "  The commission makes conclusions and recommendations -- many of them are divorced from reality and highly politicized , " Chen said . China also came under human rights criticism by the commission for its policy of repatriating North Koreans . Many of the repatriated North Koreans are sent to prison camps or even sentenced to death for escaping their country , according to human rights groups . Chen defended China 's practice of returning North Koreans . "  The Koreans who enter illegally , they have breached China 's laws and border administration , " he said . "  They enter illegally , they are not refugees . " China and North Korea enjoy a relatively close relationship , stemming from when China joined the Korean War on the northern side against U.N. troops in 1950 . China remains North Korea 's biggest trading partner and has helped sustain three generations of the Kim regime . That relationship continues today as China 's nuclear representative , Wu Dawei was in Pyongyang on Monday , according to North Korea 's state-run media , KCNA .	U.N. Commission of Inquiry report found crimes against humanity committed in North Korea North Korea and China condemn the U.N. report calling it "  lies " and "  divorced from reality " Report published February listed litany of abuses by North Korea
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan began dumping thousands of tons of radioactive water into the Pacific Ocean on Monday , an emergency move officials said was needed to curtail a worse leak from the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . In all , about 11,500 tons of radioactive water that has collected at the nuclear facility will be dumped into the sea , officials said Monday , as workers also try to deal with a crack that has been a conduit for contamination . The radiation levels were highest in the water that was being drained from reactor No. 6 , the officials said . These are the latest but hardly the only challenges facing workers at the embattled power plant and its six reactors , which have been in constant crisis since last month 's ruinous earthquake and tsunami . Officials with Tokyo Electric Power Company , which runs the plant , proposed the release of excess water that has pooled in and around the Nos. 5 and 6 reactors into the sea . But most of the dumped water -- 10,000 tons -- will come from the plant 's central waste treatment facility , which will then be used to store highly radioactive water from the No. 2 unit , an official with the power company said . The water in reactors Nos. 5 and 6 is coming from a subdrain and was n't inside the building itself , officials said . Tests suggest that groundwater is the source of the contamination in these two units , but they are not certain . Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano called the dumping "  unavoidable . " The liquid was most likely contaminated in the process of trying to cool nuclear fuel rods . The scope of the dump was staggering . "  For an idea about how much is 11,500 tons , one metric ton is 1,000 kilograms or about 2,200 pounds , which is close to an English ton . Water is about 8.5 pounds per gallon , so one ton is about 260 gallons , " said Gary Was , a professor of nuclear engineering at the University of Michigan . "  So 11,500 tons is about 3 million gallons . A spent fuel pool holds around 300,000 gallons . So this amount of water is equivalent to the volume of roughly 10  spent fuel pools  . " It could take 50 hours to dump all the water , Tokyo Electric said . The dumping of so much radioactive water into the ocean conjures up fears of mutated sea life and contamination of the human food chain , but experts said the radiation will be quickly diluted , minimizing risk . "  To put this in perspective , the Pacific Ocean holds about 300 trillion swimming pools full of water and they 're going to release about five swimming pools full of water . So hopefully the churning of the ocean and the currents will quickly disperse this so that it gets to very dilute concentrations relatively quickly , " said Timothy Jorgensen , chair of the radiation safety committee at Georgetown University Medical Center . "  It 's a considerable amount of water , but the immensity of the Pacific Ocean will quickly dilute this amount of water to harmless levels , " he added . John Till , president of Risk Assessment Corp. , similarly cited the vastness of the ocean in helping to minimize harm , and said he does not expect to see any permanent effects on marine life , even close in to the plant . However , he said officials should continue to monitor the radiation levels closely . "  What we have to watch is how these materials accumulate in food products and then could be consumed by people , " Till said . The build-up of water could cause problems around the nuclear facility , which is 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo , Edano said Monday . Authorities have made a priority of dealing with water from the No. 2 unit , some of which has been gushing into the sea through a crack in a concrete shaft . "  The radioactivity level is very high near the No. 2 reactor , and we know this . We have to stop the leak as early as possible to prevent this from going into the sea , " Edano said . "  The radioactivity level is much less in the water from the Nos. 3 and 4 units . " Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency officials said Monday night that the hope is that pumping out the No. 2 reactor turbine plant will lower the water level enough that contaminated liquid wo n't be able to reach the sea . "  I am not able to say for certain whether or not this will be the last discharge , but we certainly would like to avoid releasing any such water into the sea as much as possible , " agency spokesman Hidehiko Nishiyama said . Officials were still awaiting test results to confirm the water pouring into the ocean is leaking from the highly radioactive No. 2 reactor . "  We do n't know clearly , but we feel it is somehow leaking from Unit 2 , " Nishiyama said . Even if the water is confirmed to have come from the reactor , neither Tokyo Electric nor government officials know how it is making its way from the reactor to the leaking pit , he said . Once the water is pumped out of the waste treatment reservoir , the agency believes it can safely transfer the water from the basement of the No. 2 turbine plant to the reservoir without further leaks , he said . Though Japanese officials say the water being discharged is less radioactive than the water now leaking into the sea , its top concentration of radioactive iodine-131 is 20 becquerels per cubic centimeter , or 200,000 becquerels per kilogram . That 's 10 times the level of radioactivity permitted in food . But since it 's being dumped into the Pacific , it will be quickly diluted , according to Dr. James Cox , a radiation oncologist at Houston 's MD Anderson Cancer Center and a CNN consultant . Reactors No. 1 and No. 3 , which have lower levels of water , need to be drained as well . Tokyo Electric 's plan is to pump that water to other storage tanks , including some that still need to be set up . Attempts to fill the 20-centimeter  8-inch  crack outside the No. 2 reactor 's turbine building -- on Saturday by pouring in concrete , then Sunday by using a chemical compound mixed with sawdust and newspaper -- were not successful . As officials mull other ways to cut off the leak at its source , workers will install a silt fence along a damaged sea wall surrounding the plant , Nishiyama said . The aim of this screening , usually used to halt erosion at construction sites , is to prohibit the spread of radioactive particles into the sea . Workers also have injected a dye tracer into the water to allow them to track the dispersal of such particles , the spokesman added . Addressing the issue quickly is critical because officials believe it is a source of alarmingly high radiation levels in seawater near the plant , as well as in nearby groundwater . Complicating the situation is the fact that , in some cases , authorities do n't even know how much radiation is getting out . After some high-profile errors , little new information on water , ground and air radiation has been released since Thursday . One reason is that the dosimeters being used do n't go above 1,000 millisieverts per hour , said Junichi Matsumoto , an executive with Tokyo Electric . Authorities know the water in the cracked concrete shaft is emitting at least that much radiation -- which equates , at a minimum , to more than 330 times the dose an average resident of an industrialized country naturally receives in a year . Plugging the external leak is job one , in order to prevent the outflow of radiation into the Pacific . But it may not be the most difficult , or important , task ahead . Authorities still have to figure out how the tainted water got into the concrete shaft in the first place . The water had to come from somewhere , potentially traveling across melted-down nuclear fuel in the reactor 's core before somehow reaching the outside . "  We were assuming and hoping  that water  would stay in the containment vessel as vapor after being cooled , " Nishiyama , the nuclear safety official , said Sunday . "  However , it may have flowed into the building , and then the trench . " Determining why and how that happened -- and what to do about it -- may be "  exceptionally challenging , " said physicist James Acton , with the Washington-based Carnegie Endowment think tank . Officials may have to inspect a complex array of pipes inside the dangerous radioactive environment inside the containment buildings . The state of the Nos. 5 and 6 units is another new problem . Water in their turbine buildings ' basements threatens the power supply for the system used to cool nuclear material in these units ' spent fuel pools , Edano said . This makes it imperative to pump out that water , which will end up into the sea like that from around the Nos. 3 and 4 units . "  Though those reactors are stable at the moment , the growing water level in the turbine houses may disturb their stability , " he said . The effort to keep the Nos. 1 , 2 and 3 reactor cores and spent fuel pools cool took a step forward Sunday , when the electricity source powering those three units ' cooling systems was switched from a temporary diesel generator to a more permanent , external power supply , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency 's website . Authorities hope this step , as well as preventing damage to the Nos. 5 and 6 units ' power supply , will help to minimize the prospect of any more radiation that might contaminate tap water or food . Farmers have pushed for lower standards on radiation in food , calling them unnecessarily stringent . On Monday , Edano said these limits would not change , even as he outlined a process in which sales restrictions on certain crops , in certain areas , would be lifted if they test safe three times in a row . CNN 's Matt Smith , Tsukushi Ikeda , Yoko Wakatsuki , Junko Ogura , Midori Nakata , Susan Olson and Martin Savidge contributed to this report	NEW : Experts say the release will not likely cause lasting environmental harm Water from a treatment facility and around four reactors is being dumped The official calls the step "  unavoidable , " saying it 's needed to ensure safety Basement water threatens the "  stability " of the cooling systems of Nos. 5 and 6 units
CNN  -- Last month the Cambodian government announced their plans to build a dam on one of the Mekong River 's most important tributaries , the 3-S River Basin , in 2014 . This was declared just five days before the government of Laos held their ceremony to launch the construction of the controversial Xayaburi dam , the first dam to be built on the lower Mekong River . Conservation International along with other conservation groups working in the region are extremely concerned by this move and have requested a delay on this decision to allow time for research to better understand the trade-offs between power generation and the dam 's impacts , and the opportunity to offer sustainable alternatives for Cambodia 's economy . In Cambodia today only about 5 % of infrastructure projects go through the Ministry of Environment 's Environmental Impact Assessment process , and when they are completed , they often do not include detailed studies of the full range of environmental impacts . Such considerations are crucial for the Greater Mekong region 's development pathway and will ensure that these countries are protecting yet utilizing their natural assets for the benefit of their people , their economy and the environment . The 3-S River Basin  Sekong , Sesan and SrePok Rivers  , borders Laos , Cambodia and Vietnam , and supports 20 % of the Mekong River water flows , ensuring food and water security for millions of people living in the basin . It also contains some of the region 's most unique and rare biodiversity including yellow cheeked gibbons and Asian arowana  dragon fish  , among many other endangered and charismatic species . Principally our concern is for the people who rely on the water flows of the lower Mekong River for their food , health , income and other essential livelihood securities . This includes the people who live in the 3-S River Basin , the 1.1 million people that depend on the Tonle Sap and another 60 million people living on the Mekong Delta . Our economic concern is that dams on the Lower Mekong will likely reduce the productivity of the region 's agriculture and aquaculture industries , particularly in Cambodia and Laos , and plunge them back into even more severe poverty then they currently suffer . A recent assessment of the 42 dams proposed for the river basin found that they are likely to produce substantial changes to the natural fluctuation in the seasonal flow . This would have severe impacts on the natural delivery of nutrients and other critical aspects that are required for agricultural and fisheries productivity . In Cambodia fish provide 85 % of the population 's protein needs and an essential source of fat . Right now the Cambodian per capita in-take of fats is the lowest in Southeast Asia and the most essential of these , the omega-3 fats which come from fish , are the least available . If there was a reduction in fish populations , nutrition and health will decline on a national scale and further deepen Cambodia 's current situation of severe poverty . The biodiversity underpinning the ecosystem productivity and life that has thrived for thousands of years is in danger . Of all the various impacts on the horizon as a result of this development , the most serious is the potential for major changes to the migration patterns of fish . A recent environmental impact assessment of the Lower Sesan 2 dam concluded that the impacts on fish populations will be very severe . As approximately 66 % of the Mekong fish species are migratory their passage will be blocked by the dam in its current design which will seriously reduce the reproduction rate and overall fish populations downstream will be reduced . If this traditional migration is hindered it could lead to a serious decline in fish reproduction which will unbalance the delicate food chain on which this ecosystem depends . This has already happened in other dam developments globally , due to lack of adequate planning and understanding of the dams effects . Before the construction of the Pak Moon dam in Ubon Ratchathani province , Thailand , the waterway contained over 250 species of fish . This plummeted over 80 % when the dam began operation , and a decade later , through extensive government investment to restock the river , the species number is still less than half the original amount . More than 20,000 people have been affected by this loss of fish . This dam was anticipated to have a production capacity of 136 megawatts , but it can barely generate 20 megawatts during high-demand months . Conservation International support the development of electricity generation for domestic consumption and export as these are critical components of development for Laos , Cambodia and Vietnam . We believe that the Greater Mekong region has the potential to become a world leader by pursuing an innovative , low carbon , green development pathway that will foster economic growth and create opportunities for its people , while conserving the natural environment . However , this region needs integrated hydro-power development and conservation planning so that the trade-offs between energy production and other ecosystem services , particularly those vital for the survival of the people that depend on them , are better understood before such dams are developed . A delay will allow for the delivery of decision support tools that can explain how different scenarios , such as variances in the dam location , design and operation will influence their impacts . Careful consideration must be made now of the potential impacts of this , and other dams being considered for the 3-S River Basin , to avoid serious losses and to form a positive solution for the people of the lower Mekong , their energy needs and the environment on which they depend . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tracy A. Farrell	Cambodian government intends to build new hydroelectric dam Conservation International believe current plan needs more consideration Livelihoods and rare wildlife could be irreparably harmed by new project 3-S river basin supports 1.1 million people
CNN  New federal law enforcement guidelines set to be issued Monday will expand protection from profiling , but wo n't apply to screenings at borders and airports , or in intelligence operations . The new guidelines replace ones in place since 2003 , which prohibit profiling based on race and ethnicity , but also include broad exemptions for national security investigations . The Justice Department will issue the new guidelines that will prohibit profiling based on religion , national origin , gender , sexual orientation and gender identity , a Justice official said . The expanded ban on profiling comes amid widespread street protests around the nation in the wake of controversial killings of black men by white police officers . The shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown by a white officer in Ferguson , Missouri , set off wider discussions about police tactics and complaints by black men that they bear the brunt of suspicion and profiling by police . Attorney General Eric Holder in 2009 ordered a review of the profiling ban and pushed for an expansion . He ran into opposition along the way , including from the FBI , whose agents feared it would make their work more difficult , and more recently from the Homeland Security Department , which sought more flexibility for its agencies before agreeing to join the new policy . The new profiling guidelines apply to state and local law enforcement agencies when they are part of federal law enforcement operations . Holder plans to brief state and local law enforcement officials on a conference call Monday and plans to urge them to adopt the federal policy in a speech in Memphis on Tuesday , according to a Justice official . "  Profiling by law enforcement is not only wrong , it is profoundly misguided and ineffective -- because it wastes precious resources and undermines the public trust . Particularly in light of certain recent incidents we 've seen at the local level -- and the widespread concerns about trust in the criminal justice process which so many have raised throughout the nation -- it 's imperative that we take every possible action to institute strong and sound policing practices. , " Holder said in a statement provided by the Justice Department in anticipation of Monday 's announcement . DHS agencies , including federal air marshals , Homeland Security investigations , and the Coast Guard will be covered by the new policy . But screenings at ports of entry , including airports , are exempted from the profiling policy . The same applies to intelligence operations , which include federal agents ' work to recruit informants . Despite the new broader ban on profiling , some critics are n't satisfied that it goes far enough . Rajdeep Singh , director of law and policy at the Sikh Coalition , said in a statement that "  the message this continues to send is that certain communities are still suspect , and we worry this will lead to more hate crime and discrimination . " Laura W. Murphy , legislative office director for the ACLU in Washington , said in a statement that the new guidance is "  not an adequate response to the crisis of racial profiling in America , " arguing that the new guidelines are "  so loosely drafted " and contain flexibility that can affect American Muslims . The group Muslim Advocates also argued the new rules do n't go far enough in protecting American Muslims from profiling by the FBI , Customs and Border Protection , and other law enforcement agencies . "  We urge the administration to finish the job by addressing these outstanding , gaping problems with the Guidance , " the group said in a statement .	Screenings at ports of entry , including airports , are exempt from the profiling policy Holder plans to brief state and local law enforcement officials He will urge them to adopt the federal policy in a speech
CNN  -- Edward Dolman is Christie 's first chief executive officer to have been a specialist , who understands the pressure and the nature of valuing art . Part of his mission is attracting other highly motivated specialists into their business . A Christie 's employee stands beside a painting at Christie 's auction house in London on July 4 . Dolman was born in London in 1960 and attended Dulwich College from 1971-1978 , before studying History of Art at Southampton University . He later completed a degree at the Study Centre for Fine and Decorative Arts , which had a close relationship with the Victoria and Albert Museum . Not being of blue-blood birth , he joined Christie 's because of the link with Christie 's South Kensington , starting out as a porter in the furniture department . After a year he assumed the role of specialist in the furniture department of South Kensington , where he would see everything from European to Chinese furniture in the high-volume saleroom over the next 10 years . Meanwhile he became an auctioneer , doing a number of off-site sales at country estates and traveling to France and Belgium to generate business in the middle market of furniture . At that time he was on the Management Committee , and South Kensington began to do great sales . Finally in 1995 , he decided he wanted to become a manager and took a course at the Institute of Directors in the Mall to learn the language of business and the motivation of people . Dolman was subsequently made Managing Director of Christie 's Amsterdam , applying new techniques and marketing to enhance interest in high-quality art . Twenty months later he returned to Christie 's London on King Street as the Commercial Director to run Christie 's Europe . As he attempted to develop new categories to win business , he was made Managing Director . In 1999 Dolman moved to New York as the International Managing Director and later as Chief Executive . Together with Christie 's International Management Group , they developed an intensive five-year business plan , and Dolman took over from Christopher Davidge , as approved by Francois Pinault .	Dolman was specialist in furniture department of South Kensington for 10 years In 1996 he was made Managing Director of Christie 's Amsterdam Developed five-year business plan with Christie 's International Management Group
Tokyo  CNN  -- The battle continued Monday to plug a crack at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power facility that 's been a conduit for highly radioactive water leaking into the Pacific Ocean , utility company officials said . On Sunday , the workers poured a chemical compound mixed with sawdust and newspaper into the crack , hoping it would expand and stick . But so far it has not done the trick , according to officials with the Tokyo Electric Power Company , which operates the plant . The effort followed an attempt Saturday to use concrete to plug the the 2-meter-deep  6.5-foot-deep  , concrete-lined basin , where authorities had found water gushing directly into the sea via a roughly 20-centimeter  8-inch  crack . The cracked shaft sits behind the No. 2 reactor 's turbine building at the facility , which has been in constant crisis since the failure of cooling systems and numerous explosions in the wake of last month 's epic earthquake and tsunami . Fixing the problem quickly is critical because officials believe it is one source of alarmingly high levels of radiation spotted in seawater near the plant . This is all part of a massive , many weekslong effort to contain the amount of toxic material leaking into the air , ground and water . On Monday , a Tokyo Electric spokesman said the idea of wrapping some or all of the plant 's six reactors containment buildings in massive amounts of sheeting , in order to curb the release of radiation had been discussed in recent talks with government officials . The utility company is considering the concept , according to the spokesman . In the meantime , authorities are still trying to determine how harmful the radiation levels are currently around the plant . After some high-profile errors while offering regular radiation measurements on seawater , groundwater and the air , little such new information has been released since Thursday . One part of the problem , including in the concrete shaft from which the highly radioactive water is leaking directly into the sea , is the fact that dosimeters being used do n't go higher than 1,000 millisieverts per hour , Tokyo Electric executive Junichi Matsumoto told reporters Sunday . Authorities know the water is emitting at least that much radiation , which alone is more than 330 times the dose an average resident of an industrialized country naturally receives in a year . Above the shaft , the level was 250 millisieverts per hour . The shaft lies at the end of a long channel that has been filling up for days . Last Thursday , samples of seawater taken 330 meters  361 yards  offshore were said to have levels of iodine-131 at 4,385 times above the standard and cesium-137 at 527 times beyond normal . Experts say the latter radioactive isotope may be a greater concern because it persists longer , taking 30 years to lose half its radiation -- compared to an eight-day half-life for the iodine-131 isotope . Plugging the external leak is job one , in order to prevent the outflow of radiation into the Pacific . But it may not be the most difficult , or important , task ahead . Authorities still have to figure out how the tainted water got into the concrete shaft in the first place . The water had to come from somewhere , potentially traveling across melted-down nuclear fuel in the reactor 's core before somehow reaching the outside . Hidehiko Nishiyama , an official with Japan 's nuclear and industrial safety agency , said Sunday that the working theory is that water injected in recent weeks into the No. 2 reactor to help cool its nuclear fuel rods somehow got out . "  We were assuming and hoping  that water  would stay in the containment vessel as vapor after being cooled , " he said . "  However , it may have flowed into the building , and then the trench . " Finding out why and how that happened -- and , more so , what to do about it -- promises to be "  exceptionally challenging , " said physicist James Acton , with the Washington-based Carnegie Endowment think tank . To do so , officials must inspect a complicated array of pipes inside the dangerous radioactive environment that now exists within the containment building , according to Acton . He is familiar with Japanese nuclear plants in part from having examined one rocked by a 6.8-magnitude earthquake in 2007 . This struggle is part of the larger , daunting challenge facing Tokyo Electric and Japanese officials as they come to grips with the scope of the disaster and work feverishly to keep nuclear fuel cool and prevent the further release of dangerously radioactive material . General Electric Chief Executive Jeffrey Immelt , who also chairs U.S. President Barack Obama 's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness , was in Tokyo on Sunday meeting with Tokyo Electric officials . Several of the Fukushima Daiichi plant 's reactors were designed by GE and built in a joint venture with Hitachi . Matsumoto , the Tokyo Electric executive , said Immelt and the utility 's officials discussed the crisis and how to meet summer 's peak demands with two of its nuclear plants offline : the Fukushima Daiichi facility and the Fukushima Daiini nuclear plant , which is in the same prefecture . A power company official announced Sunday that two workers missing since the 9.0-magnitude March 11 quake were found dead in the basement of the No. 4 reactor 's turbine building . Both men , ages 21 and 24 , appeared to have suffered multiple traumatic injuries . Their remains were found Wednesday . More than a dozen others have been reported injured over the past three weeks at the plant . Most of their injuries were tied to explosions caused by the buildup of hydrogen in the Nos. 1 and 3 reactor complexes . Nishiyama said there is a plan to inject nonflammable nitrogen into the Nos. 1 , 2 and 3 reactors to prevent another such hydrogen blast . A buildup of hydrogen is an early sign of damage to a reactor 's superheated core . But Nishiyama said no alarms had been sounded about rising pressure and that adding nitrogen would not force engineers to release hydrogen from the reactors . All these difficulties notwithstanding , there has been good news recently on the nuclear front . Figures released this weekend by Japan 's health and science ministries showed levels of radioactive iodine and cesium in vegetables tested in Fukushima and Niigata prefectures had fallen below legal limits . Still , there was no immediate indication that officials would lift restrictions on the sale and distribution of certain products from areas near the stricken plant , put in place after tests detected high radiation levels in some food . Also , a study done late last month on 946 children up to age 15 in several communities near the Fukushima Daiichi plant showed no evidence that they had ingested excessively high levels of radioactive iodine that 's been pinpointed as a cause of thyroid cancer , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said Sunday . The Japanese minister also took pains to stress the crisis is n't over yet -- either at the power plant or within a 30-kilometer  18-mile  radius , where 78,000 people have been ordered to evacuate and another 62,000 told to at least stay indoors . "  The impact of the nuclear crisis is expected to go on for a long time , " he said . "  The evacuees , especially  are enduring an extremely difficult situation . " CNN 's Tsukushi Ikeda , Yoko Wakatsuki , Junko Ogura , Midori Nakata , Susan Olson and Martin Savidge contributed to this report	NEW : Tokyo Electric may wrap nuclear plant buildings in sheeting to curb radiation The 2nd try to plug a leak where radioactive water is entering the sea has n't succeeded GE 's chairman holds talks in Tokyo about the plant , which the U.S. firm partly designed Japanese minister : "  The nuclear crisis is expected to go on for a long time "
CNN  -- Since Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed Senate Bill 1070 into law in late April , there has been a wide array of opinions about the controversial immigration law , which takes effect Thursday . Here 's a look at some of those viewpoints : Immigration reform : Start with small steps : John D. Skrentny , director of the Center for Comparative Immigration Studies at U.C. San Diego , says : "  Like the characters in ` Hot Tub Time Machine , ' reformers are stuck in 1986 . " Arizona should kill immigration bill : Every movement needs heroes . The fight against discrimination in Arizona just got nine , writes Stephen Lemons , a blogger and columnist with the Phoenix New Times . Arizona had to take charge on immigration : Republican Russ Jones is an Arizona state representative from the 24th District in Yuma , and he voted for SB 1070 : "  Some people criticize this new bill , while at the same time saying that something must be done about illegal immigration . Then they will mention the ever-popular catchphrase about "  comprehensive immigration policy . " This is fine and good , but so far no one on either the state or federal level has enacted any workable solutions to this problem . ... With a lack of progress , this state has felt compelled to move forward in crafting its own legislation to deal with problems at home . " Undocumented workers need legal rights : Richard Trumka is president of the AFL-CIO and former president of the United Mine Workers of America . He believes that the United States "  can not afford to have millions of hard-working people without legal protections , shut off from economic gain . But the way we treat the immigrants among us is about more than economic strategy : It is about who we are as a nation . " Law meant to provoke government action : Michael Hethmon is a public interest lawyer and general counsel for the Immigration Reform Law Institute , the legal affiliate of the Federation for American Immigration Reform . He helped draft SB 1070 , the Support Our Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhoods Act . Hethmon argues that the controversial law "  was intended by its creators , myself among them , to provoke sustainable immigration reform . " How Obama can lead on immigration : Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a nationally syndicated columnist , an NPR commentator and a regular contributor to CNN.com . He argues that "  it does n't make any political sense for President Obama to talk about the need to reform our immigration system . " Did Obama break his promise to Latinos ? In this piece , Navarrette says Obama stands to lose the support of Latino voters by failing to uphold his promise on comprehensive immigration reform in his first year . Can Obama close the divide on immigration ? Tamar Jacoby is president of ImmigrationWorks USA , a national federation of small-business owners advocating immigration reform . She addresses the differing opinions among Americans about immigration reform , and suggests ways Obama can address that paradox .	Immigration studies center director says that "  reformers are stuck in 1986 " Arizona state representative says state has stepped in after U.S. government fell short Public interest lawyer says law aims "  to provoke sustainable immigration reform " Columnist : Obama may lose Latino voters ' support if his promises about reform fall short
CNN  -- Polio victims are not an uncommon sight in Accra . The poorest of them often make a living from begging , weaving through the Ghanaian capital 's traffic on homemade skateboards , seeking handouts from passing motorists . It 's not an easy life . "  Going amongst the cars , it 's very dangerous , " attests Aminu Yaro , aka Smallee , a polio survivor who moved to the city from Niger . "  Some drivers ' brakes might fail and the car could run you down . " While during the week , many choose to ignore these men , and the deftness they exhibit when navigating the roads , on Sundays , Ghanians turn up in the hundreds to watch them play a sport that could one day be a hit on the Paralympic circuit : skate soccer . "  When Saturday comes , I go to sleep early , because I know tomorrow morning I 'm going to play ball , " says Yaro . Yaro is a member of the Rolling Rockets , a team of about 40 polio survivors . As many have limited use of their legs , the men play their version of soccer on skateboards , and hit the ball with their hands . ` Bigger than me ' For Albert Frimpong , the team 's coach and sole financier , skate soccer is more than just a game -- it 's a potential means to get these men off the streets . "  Initially , the idea was to get them to stop begging , to improve their lives . I was hoping to use the soccer as a way to set up business - and income-generating projects for them , " says Frimpong . As an able-bodied man , Frimpong says that the first challenge was getting the men to trust him . "  Every time they saw me approaching , they would vanish , " he recalls . "  People have exploited them for so long , they thought that I was going to do the same . " Since starting the team nine years ago , Frimpong says he has nearly bankrupted himself , paying not just for equipment and transportation , but for the men 's food and medicine . "  It got to the point that I ended up owing so many people money , some took me to the police station , " he says . "  I took upon myself something bigger than me . But the game has progressed and there 's joy in the lives of these people . " Frimpong 's ultimate dream is to purchase some land and set up a community where the men could train , farm and earn an honest living . "  Yes , it 's farfetched , " he admits . "  But it 's a dream . " Into the limelight Lately , the sport has attracted international attention . Last month , Chevrolet released Rolling On , a short documentary about the team that makes up part of a digital and social media campaign around the World Cup and the car company 's Man United sponsorship . Chevrolet enlisted award-winning director Baff Akoto to create the spot . "  The Rolling Rockets  play really hard . It 's not pedestrian , " says Akoto . "  The dynamics of the game might be different , but there 's as much athleticism , grace , skill , commitment and kamikaze enthusiasm as in any able-bodied game . " In 2012 , the story of the Rolling Rockets inspired a Kickstarter campaign for a subsequent documentary : Rollaball . The film 's director , Eddie Edwards , says that his interest in the players is lost on some Ghanians . "  When I was filming , I would often get approached by the police , who would say , ` why are you interested in these guys ? They 're just thieves . Why do you give them so much attention ? " Through filming and getting to know the men , Edwards says he has learned to appreciate just how misunderstood the men are . "  A lot of these guys come from poor backgrounds , and either their families could n't afford to put them through school , or else they were completely neglected and forced to live on the streets . But they have a great sense of humor , a great sense of camaraderie and a great sense of brotherhood , " he says . The price of fame Edwards , who has spent years filming the men , says that their increased notoriety has been a bit of a "  double-edged sword . " For some of the men , he admits , the fame has gone to their heads . "  As the team 's gotten more popular , one of the guys , No Fear , has started to behave like Wayne Rooney . He 's started to really bling it up and changed his hairstyle , " says Edwards . Their fame , however , has done little to boost their income . "  Publicity is good , but it has n't given us any reward in terms of finance , " says Frimpong . "  Anyone who comes to film them gives us enough for transportation and to pay for their water , but by the time the game is over , the money is finished . " Unfortunately , not everyone realizes that fame does n't necessarily equal cash . "  People in traffic sometimes recognize them from TV and think they 're making money from their appearances and that they do n't deserve to be helped , " says Edwards .	The Rolling Rockets are a Ghanian team of ` football ' players with polio They play a version of the game called skate soccer , because they play on skateboards The team 's coach hopes the game will provide the players with economic opportunities
CNN  -- In the three decades since he directed his first feature film , "  The Duellists , " filmmaker Ridley Scott has crafted a diverse filmography , serving up everything from the classic "  Thelma & Louise " to the Oscar-winning "  Gladiator . " But it 's his seminal 1979 science-fiction/horror film "  Alien " that will be called to mind this weekend as Scott makes his long-awaited return to the genre with Friday 's "  Prometheus . " Although it 's sometimes described as a prequel to "  Alien , " Scott 's clarified that "  Prometheus " is n't really a prequel as much as it shares "  Alien 's " DNA , which in itself is enough to raise audience expectations several notches . Scripted by Dan O'Bannon , "  Alien 's " story focused on the crew of the spacecraft Nostromo , which was returning to Earth when it took a detour to respond to a distress signal . It 's a decision that leads to devastating effects , as Scott made sure we understood , "  in space , no one can hear you scream . " Film fans cherish "  Alien " now as one of a kind , but critical reaction upon its theatrical release was actually pretty mixed . The New York Times called Scott a "  very stylish director " but added that "  Alien " was n't "  the seminal science-fiction film one wants from him . " Time magazine , meanwhile , said the film attempted to "  crossbreed the scare tactics of ` Jaws ' with the sci-fi hardware of ` Star Wars , ' " leaving viewers with "  a cinematic bastard , and a pretty mean bastard at that , " but little in the way of imagination or wit . That "  cinematic bastard " grew legs as the years went by , and has been ranked by the American Film Institute as one of the 10 best science-fiction films ever made . Part of the success is owed to H.R. Giger 's nightmarish alien , which Scott called in a recent Rolling Stone interview "  one of the best all-time monsters . " Without it , he went on , "  I 've got a nice , very well-acted , beautifully art-directed movie , but I ai n't got that f ***** g heart-stopping son of a b *** h that defies logic . "  We 'd bet audiences would agree . There 's also the grim outlook that Scott employs , which , along with his characters , helps remove any fantasy gloss from the idea of what the future holds . As Wired magazine 's Brian Raftery puts it , Scott 's sci-fi was "  progressively antiprogress " in a time when others were offering more optimistic perspectives . So while the "  Alien " franchise moved on without him , Scott was still rolling the story around in the back of his mind , particularly the question of what happened to the mysterious alien pilot , or "  Space Jockey , " that was seen in the 1979 film . "  I must have thought about it for three or four years and thought in all of the films nobody had asked a very simple question which was -- who is the big guy in the chair , " Scott told Empire magazine during a Q&A earlier this year . That turned into four questions , he went on : "  Who are they ? Why are they there ? Why that cargo and where were they going or had they in fact had a forced landing ? " Seeking answers , Damon Lindelof of "  Lost " and Jon Spaihts were enlisted to pen the "  Prometheus " script which takes place in the late 21st century , before the events seen in "  Alien . " With his sci-fi return , Scott 's exploring the idea of creator vs. creation as the crew of the Prometheus heads into space seeking the origins of mankind . Noomi Rapace stars as scientist Elizabeth Shaw , who believes ancient cave drawings suggest the "  engineers " of humans left the drawings as a kind of map to find them . She 's joined by her scientist boyfriend Charlie  played by Logan Marshall-Green  ; the captain of Prometheus , Idris Elba 's Janek ; Charlize Theron 's corporate-minded  and cold-blooded  Meredith , who watches out for the interests of the Weyland Corp. ; and Michael Fassbender 's creepily cool android , David , who so far has been a critical favorite . Although plot details have been kept close to the vest , "  Prometheus " holds the promise of a space exploration gone horribly wrong , and reviews have been cautiously laudatory . The Hollywood Reporter acknowledged its technical magnificence while citing a need for more "  adventurous thought , " while Entertainment Weekly praises Scott 's  per usual  command of imagery , but found the movie 's "  origin fable ... unwieldy . " Time will likely tell how "  Prometheus " holds up against Scott 's other films , however , and in the meantime , sci-fi fans can take heart -- he 's already at work on a "  Blade Runner " sequel .	Ridley Scott 's reputation for capturing a sci-fi story with skill and grandeur precedes him It 's been three decades since he last created a film in the genre This weekend 's "  Prometheus " is his long-awaited return to the style Not quite a prequel , "  Prometheus " has the same DNA as 1979 's "  Alien "
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- Civic unrest over a spike in gas prices roiled Sudan for a fourth straight day Wednesday , with gunshots ringing out around the capital of Kharthoum and elsewhere as government forces tried to clamp down . High school - and college-age youths played a big part the first demonstration Sunday -- a day before the price hikes went into effect -- in Wad Madani , a city about 190 kilometers  120 miles  southeast of Khartoum . One student died of gunshots during that protest . Police said that it was not known where the fatal shot came from , though activists on social media blamed police . Hundreds joined in similar demonstrations that broke out around the country in the subsequent days . Witnesses said some of these outbursts of public sentiment were accompanied by violence and destruction , including attacks on gas stations , damaging of buses and looting of stores . The ruling party 's offices in different parts of Khartoum also came under attack . Police responded with tear gas , according to witnesses . There was no indication the tension was abating by Wednesday night , when the Internet appeared out and gunfire could be heard around the capital -- though it could not immediately be discerned where police or armed activists were responsible . The origin of the unrest is a government policy , which has been debated for more than a month , to get its economic house in order . As part of that plan , the Sudanese government lifted its subsidy on gas -- leading to prices nearly doubling overnight when the policy took effect early this week . That 's had a trickle down effect on other expenses as well , such as bus fares , and it 's expected to lead to a major uptick in food prices over the coming weeks . Aid worker dies after attack in nation of South Sudan Journalist Isma'il Kushkush reported for CNN from Sudan . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Sudanese protest over economic reforms lifting gas subsidies , leading to price hikes One protester shot dead in Wad Madani ; police say that it 's not known who shot him Witnesses : Gas stations , buses , political buildings are attacked amid protests
New Delhi  CNN  -- India 's supreme court Thursday ordered the cancellation of 122 cellular permits that have been at the center of a multibillion-dollar scandal involving the country 's booming telecommunication sector , attorneys said . A telecom minister awarded the licenses in 2008 . The former minister -- A. Raja -- is in jail for his alleged role in what is believed to be a rigged sale of radio waves to companies . Lawyer Prashant Bhushan called the judgment "  historic . " "  It will change the manner in which corruption will be examined and dealt with in the country , " said Bhushan , also the petitioner . The top court directed the country 's telecom regulator to create in the next four months new ways for issuing licenses that it said had been granted in "  arbitrary and unconstitutional " manner , attorneys said . The 2008 license sale is seen as India 's biggest corruption scandal -- one that rattled Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's government and investor confidence in Asia 's third-largest economy . A number of corporate executives , bureaucrats and high-profile politicians , including Raja , are facing trial in connection with the suspected scam revealed by the national auditor two years ago . India recorded a fiscal deficit of 4.7 % of its GDP in 2010-11 . But Singh 's top economic adviser , C. Rangarajan , has warned it would be difficult for the country to bring the gap down in the current financial year . In 2010 , India raised billions of dollars from an auction of telecom licenses that surged beyond expectations and helped the country trim its losses . An auction of the 2008 controversial sale of the telecom bandwidth , canceled by the supreme court , could generate new revenues for the Indian government that is struggling to cut deficits that economists blame on high subsidy bills . "  Over the medium term , we should draw up an appropriate roadmap to reach the FRBM  fiscal responsibility and budget management  target of 3 % of the GDP . We must focus particularly on reducing the overall level of subsidies as a proportion of  the  GDP , " Rangarajan cautioned in his talk on the Indian economy on Tuesday . Uninor , the Indian joint venture of Norway 's Telenor and Unitech , is among companies impacted by Thursday 's verdict . "  We have been unfairly treated as we simply followed the government process we were asked to , " it said in a statement , CNN-IBN reported . "  We are shocked to see that Uninor is being penalized for faults the court has found in the government process . " Business analysts , however , fear the ruling could hurt investment sentiments in India . "  The judgment , though correct on the aspects of law , leads to a larger question about government policy and the validity of doing business in the country , " said Rishi Sahai , managing director of financial consultancy Cogence Advisors . "  For foreign investors , there 's probably a big concern now that whether the huge amounts of money they put in stand vulnerable in Indian courts . This ruling , no doubt , has set a bad precedent for further investment in our country , " Sahai remarked . The Indian government , cornered by opposition and civil society activists over a raft of corruption cases , sought to downplay business worries . "  At last , we have put an end to the kind of confusion that prevails in the market , " telecom minister Kapil Sibal , in welcoming the verdict . Sibal insisted the ruling offered clarity to telecom businesses . Spectrum , he explained , would be available only through auction and not on a first-come , first-served basis that the court found discriminatory . In his comments , J.S. Sarma , head of India 's telecom regulator , suggested subscribers of the affected license holders port out to other service providers within the stipulated four months . He said the ruling impacts 5 % of the country 's cellular market , the world 's second-largest , with at least 894 million users .	NEW : Telecom minister says verdict puts an end to confusion in the market The former telecom minister awarded the licenses in 2008 The 2008 license sale is considered India 's biggest corruption scandal under the prime minister The former minister is in jail for his alleged role in what is believed to be a rigged sale of radio waves to companies
CNN  Call it a little piece of heaven for a family torn apart by tragedy . Back in July , Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were just about to become parents . Sharry was eight months pregnant . But then Smith fell and hit his head . He was taken to the OU Medical Center in Oklahoma City . Smith never recovered . "  July 13th 2014 was the absolute worst day of my life , " Sharry posted on Facebook . "  I lost my best friend . The father of my unborn child . " Their son Taos arrived a few weeks later . When it was time for his 6-month pictures , Sharry had a special request . Maybe the photographer could make their family complete , just for one picture "  They asked me if I would be willing to ` play around ' with capturing their first family photo by editing Taos ' daddy in one of their pictures , " Kayli Rene ' Photography posted on Facebook . "  I just got to thinking , we do n't have a picture with Lane in it , " the new mom told CNN affilaite KOCO . The photographer was n't sure it would work , but they found just the right picture of Smith -- one that has him looking over his family 's shoulder . "  Lane 's not physically here with us , of course , but that picture represents to us that he is always watching over us and he will always be there for us no matter what , " Sharry said . The family photo has become a social media sensation after appearing on the photographer 's Facebook page this week . It has some 193,000 likes and more than 24,000 shares . "  I ca n't believe she actually did this , " Sharry said . "  It 's like amazing and apparently everyone else thinks it is too . "	Sierra Sharry was eight months pregnant when her son 's father died A photographer was able to add Lane Smith to the family photo
The Southern Plains of the United States are likely to see a continuation of a severe drought this winter , while the Pacific Northwest will be colder and wetter than average , according to data released Thursday by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . La Nina is expected to influence weather patterns across the country for the second year in a row . Weather officials say with La Nina in place , Texas , Oklahoma , New Mexico and other surrounding states are unlikely to get enough rain to alleviate the ongoing drought . "  Ninety-one percent of Texas , 87 percent of Oklahoma and 63 percent of New Mexico are experiencing extreme or exceptional drought , " said David Brown , director of the Southern Region Climate Services based in Fort Worth , Texas . Parts of Texas and Oklahoma are more than 30 inches below average in rainfall this year , with little in the forecast to predict the trend is going to change as the winter months approach . Agricultural losses in Texas have reached $ 5 billion in the past year , Brown said . Wildfires in 2011 have destroyed at least 3.5 million acres in the state . He also pointed out there are more than 600 separate water systems facing mandatory restrictions . Parts of Arizona , Kansas , Arkansas and Louisiana are also experiencing drought conditions . NOAA expects La Nina , which returned in August , to gradually strengthen and continue from December through February 2012 . La Nina is associated with cooler than normal water temperatures in the tropical Pacific Ocean , which influences weather throughout the world . It 's the opposite of El Nino in which warmer ocean temperatures are seen in the same region . "  The evolving La Nina will shape this winter . La Nina is not going anywhere , " said Mike Halpert , deputy director of NOAA 's Climate Prediction Center . "  There is a wild card , though . The erratic Arctic oscillation can generate strong shifts in the climate patterns that could overwhelm or amplify La Nina 's typical impacts . " Officials said the phenomenon could produce dramatic short-term swings in temperatures . While the opposing weather patterns are always present , it fluctuates between positive and negative phases , the agency said . The negative phase pushes cold air into the United States from Canada and can result in cold snaps and snowy conditions such as the "  snowmageddon " storm of 2009 , according to NOAA . The highlights of the U.S. winter outlook from NOAA include : ■ Pacific Northwest : colder and wetter than average . La Nina often results in below-average temperatures and increased mountain snow in the Pacific Northwest and western Montana during the winter months . This may set the stage for spring flooding in the Missouri River Basin . ■ California : colder than average with odds favoring wetter than average conditions in northern California and drier than average conditions in southern California . All of the southern part of the nation is at risk of having above normal wildfire conditions starting this winter and lasting into the spring . ■ Northern Plains : colder and wetter than average . Spring flooding could be a concern in parts of this region . ■ Southern Plains and Gulf Coast states : warmer and drier than average . This will likely exacerbate drought conditions in these regions . ■ Florida and south Atlantic Coast : drier than average , with an equal chance for above - , near - , or below-normal temperatures . Above normal wildfire conditions . ■ Ohio and Tennessee valleys : wetter than average with equal chances for above - , near - , or below-average temperatures . Potential for increased storminess and flooding . ■ Northeast and Mid-Atlantic : equal chances for above - , near - , or below-normal temperatures and precipitation . Winter weather for these regions is often driven not by La Nina but by the Arctic oscillation . If enough cold air and moisture are in place , areas north of the Ohio Valley and into the Northeast could see above-average snow . ■ Great Lakes : tilt toward colder and wetter than average . ■ Hawaii : Above-average temperatures are favored in the western islands with equal chances of above - , near - , or below average precipitation . Statewide , the current drought is expected to continue through the winter . Drought recovery is more likely over the windward slopes of the Big Island and Maui . ■ Alaska : colder than average over the southern half of the state and the panhandle with below average precipitation in the interior eastern part of the state . The seasonal outlook from NOAA does not project where and when snowstorms may hit , according to weather officials . The snow forecasts are dependent upon winter storms which are generally not predictable more than a week in advance , they said .	Strong Arctic weather patterns can overwhelm or amplify La Nina Drought conditions are expected to continue in the South and Southwest The Pacific Northwest will be wetter and colder than average
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Grupo Mexicana suspended operations at its three airlines Saturday "  until further notice , " citing the financial problems inherited when the group changed owners a week ago . The company 's three airlines -- Mexicana Airlines , MexicanaClick and MexicanaLink -- stopped all flights at midday Saturday , according to a statement from the group . "  Today 's decision is a painful one for the 8,000-strong Grupo Mexicana family , but we will continue seeking out ways of securing the company 's long-term financial viability , so our passengers can once again enjoy the quality services they are accustomed to , " the statement said . "  We hope to be back in the air soon and would like to thank everyone involved in this process for their support and understanding . " Grupo Mexicana said the current management received the company in a state of technical bankruptcy last week after it had filed for insolvency protection . It also cited the fact that the previous management had stopped selling tickets for the airlines a month ago , "  forcing the company to continue operating in the interests of passengers without receiving any revenue . " The company advised passengers still holding tickets to consult its website to apply for refunds , or for those traveling Saturday , to contact Grupo Mexicana for assistance .	Company owns Mexicana Airlines , MexicanaClick and MexicanaLink Airlines suspend operations due to financial problems Grupo Mexicana changed owners a week ago Company hopes to begin flying again soon
CNN  -- Even if you 've never been a fan of Glen Campbell , this one 's certain to tug at your heartstrings . The Country Music Hall of Fame member , who was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease in 2011 , is out with the video for the final song he 'll ever record -- "  I 'm Not Gon na Miss You . " It was recorded in 2013 with producer Julian Raymond . "  I 'm still here but yet I 'm gone / I do n't play guitar or sing my songs , " the tune begins as it details his struggles with the disease . The poignant music video that accompanies it spans Campbell 's career . It contrasts Campbell singing in the studio with home video and clips from throughout his career . There are even images of doctors discussing his brain scans with him . Because of the progression of the disease , the 78-year-old Campbell was admitted to a special care facility in Nashville in April . In 2012 : Glenn Campbell talks about Grammys , living with Alzheimers "  Sadly , Glen 's condition has progressed enough that we were no longer able to keep him at home , " Campbell 's family said in a statement to Rolling Stone . "  He is getting fantastic care and we get to see him every day . Our family wants to thank everyone for their continued prayers , love and support . " Campbell , who was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2005 and is best known for his hits like "  Rhinestone Cowboy " and "  Wichita Lineman , " took his Alzheimer 's in stride . "  I just take it as it comes , you know , " Campbell said in a CNN interview in February 2012 . "  I know that I have a problem with that  forgetfulness  , but it does n't bother me . If you 're going to have it handed to you , you have got to take it , anyway . So that is the way I look at it . " In a career that spans five decades , he released his final album "  Ghost on Canvas " in 2011 and then went on a farewell tour .	Glen Campbell releases his final song and video He was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease in 2011 Some of his biggest hits are "  Rhinestone Cowboy " and "  Wichita Lineman " Campbell was inducted to the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2005
CNN  -- An online fundraiser for a New York bus monitor taunted by middle school students ends Friday after a month and hundreds of thousands of dollars beyond expectations . A 10-minute video of Karen Klein enduring verbal harassment from four students went viral last month , sparking international outrage that grew into a call to raise "  vacation " funds for her . The video showed giggling students from the upstate New York community of Greece heaping insults onto her and jabbing her with a book . The grandmother of eight sits quietly , weeping at one point . It inspired a campaign through the international crowd-funding website , indiegogo.com , which started with an initial goal of raising $ 5,000 . Within three days , the campaign raked in more than $ 600,000 , according to data analysis on the website . Almost a month later and with hours left before the campaign officially closes Friday night , it has raised more than $ 683,000 . Donations poured in from all over the United States and about 80 other countries . The most common donation was $ 10 while $ 3,000 was the single largest contribution , according to the data analysis . Indiegogo said Klein will get 93 % of the funds while the website will keep 4 % and 3 % will go toward credit card processing fees . It is unclear when she will be presented with the funds or whether taxes will be applied now or later . Max Sidorov , the Toronto man who started the online fundraiser , said he was stunned by the generosity of strangers . "  I had no idea I was going to raise anywhere near this amount . I thought maybe a few thousand , " Sidorov said last month . "  Maybe to send her somewhere nice . But this is enough for her to retire . " The incident occurred in Greece , near Rochester . Klein is a bus monitor for the Greece Central School District and the harassers hail from a district middle school . The verbal abuse continued unabated for about 10 minutes in the video recorded by a student with a cell phone camera and posted on YouTube on June 19 , where it has had more than 8 million views . As the intimidation unfolded , Klein said she tried to disregard it , looking out of the window and counting down the seconds to when the students would get off the bus . Some of the students who taunted her in the video later apologized and expressed regret for their actions . The four boys caught on camera were suspended for a year . They will also be required to complete 50 hours of community service with senior citizens and take part in a formal bullying prevention program .	A video of middle school students tormenting Karen Klein goes viral It sparks international outrage that grows into a campaign to raise "  vacation " funds for her The campaign officially closes Friday night It includes donations from all 50 states and about 80 countries
CNN  -- Gunmen killed a German national who was a member of the security detail of the German Embassy in Sanaa on Sunday , according to a Yemeni diplomat with knowledge of the situation . The shooting occurred outside an upscale supermarket in the Yemeni capital . Witnesses said that the embassy employee was in the supermarket 's parking lot when two gunmen opened fire . "  Twenty minutes later more than a dozen German forces accompanied by Yemeni Special Forces arrived to the scene , " said Shukri al-Sharabi , a witness to the incident . The Yemeni diplomat told CNN that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is believed to be behind the attack . "  It looks like these targeted AQAP assassinations are only going to get worse . If this continues at this rate , we 'll be heading toward a complete collapse of the security apparatus in Yemen , " the Yemeni diplomat told CNN . The German Embassy in Sanaa did not immediately comment on the attack . Also in Yemen on Sunday , a foreign national working for UNICEF was kidnapped by gunmen , three Interior Ministry officials told CNN . The UNICEF employee was on the way to the airport when he was kidnapped along with his driver , an Interior Ministry official said . The driver was later released . Yemen has seen a sharp rise in kidnappings amid political unrest in recent years .	NEW : Gunmen kidnap a UNICEF staffer in Sanaa A shooting occurs outside an upscale supermarket A German national who works for the embassy is killed Yemeni diplomat : The victim worked for the German Embassy 's security detail
CNN  -- He burst on the music scene in the 1970s with the Commodores and then went on to a major solo career with hits such as "  All Night Long " and "  Hello . " Lionel Richie and his daughter , Nicole , gave their first joint TV interview in six years to CNN 's Larry King . She made a name for herself on the TV series "  The Simple Life , " which followed the exploits of her and fellow socialite Paris Hilton , and in the tabloids . Father-and-daughter Lionel and Nicole Richie have been making news for decades , but rarely together . In their first TV interview together in six years , they talked with CNN 's Larry King about their relationship ; her time in rehab ; Lionel 's first grandchild , Harlow ; their growing family ; and more . The following interview , scheduled to air Thursday night , has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : You did "  American Idol . " A European tour . A new CD . You ever give thoughts of just cooling it ? Lionel Richie : My answer to that is very simple . I do n't like fishing . I 'm pretty much like you . This is my hobby . King : What 's the new album -LSB- "  Just Go " -RSB- about ? Lionel Richie : You know what I decided to do on this album ? Something different . Instead of controlling , which is what I love to do -- I 'm the writer , I 'm the arranger , I 'm the producer , I 'm the singer -- I decided -LSB- to -RSB- start another way . I just gave up the power completely . There is only one song on this album that I actually wrote , called "  Eternity . " King : The "  American Idol " thing . Was that fun ? Why did you do it ? Lionel Richie : It 's the best fun in the world . Danny -LSB- Gokey -RSB- was so wonderful . He kept saying , "  Suppose I mess up or suppose I sing your line instead of my line , " and I said , "  You ca n't mess this one up . And if you feel like you want to sing my part , sing it loud and strong . " And of course he nailed it . It was so much fun to watch everybody backstage . The tension of what goes through that show , I do n't think I -LSB- could -RSB- do it . -LSB- Nicole Richie joins the interview -RSB- King : What is it like to be with her in this setting ? Lionel Richie : I 'm so proud of her right now . There is such a pride that she has turned this corner . She is an amazing mother . I want the world to know where she is . King : Now you 're pregnant with a second child , right ? Nicole Richie : Yes , yes I am . King : And the father -LSB- Joel Madden -RSB- is the same ? Nicole Richie : Yes . King : You going to get married ? Nicole Richie : Eventually , yes . King : But that 's not important or paramount ? Nicole Richie : I think for both of us , we are going to do it because we want to , not because that 's what you do . King : What kind of grandfather is he ? Nicole Richie : Well , he 's very animated . He smiles like this all the time , and so he 's nothing but fun for Harlow . She absolutely loves him . Watch Nicole Richie talk about her daughter " King : Nicole , you 've been through some turbulent times . You 've had drug abuse , wild-child behavior . Entered rehab in 2003 . How have you come through all of that ? Nicole Richie : With the support of my family , really . I 've always stayed really close with my mother -LSB- Brenda -RSB- and my father . I have really great friends . And I just have a really great circle around me who support me no matter what , do n't judge me no matter how low I 've ever gotten . King : How did you deal with it , Lionel ? Lionel Richie : It gave me an amazing opportunity to step up to the plate . I said to her one day : I have some good news and I have some bad news . I said the bad news is that Nicole is going to die . The good news is , she does n't have to . I remember that look on her face of sheer panic . And I said the only person who is going to be able to save Nicole is Nicole . And she went away and about three weeks later I got a phone saying , ` Dad , I want to go into rehab . ' And when she checked into rehab , her mother and I checked into rehab with her . King : What was the toughest part about rehab ? Nicole Richie : It was right before "  The Simple Life " came out . Just the fact that I could n't do it in private really was unfortunate . But we did n't watch TV there or -LSB- had no -RSB- connection to the outside world , which I thought was really great . So I just focused on being positive there and focused on myself . And my parents were there with me . They came for family week . And so I just focused on that and everything just kind of fell in place . Watch Nicole Richie talk about rehab " King : When all of those troubles were going on , did n't it affect -LSB- your -RSB- performance ? Lionel Richie : Thank God for the stage . What the stage was for me was an outlet . It gave me a chance to kind of get away from it for a moment . King : You said that you were not a good dad to Nicole growing up ... was n't there for her . Do you regret that ? Lionel Richie : I was trying to be Lionel Richie . There is a part of -LSB- me -RSB- that 's guilty because I wish I could have been there more for her , but I was trying to make it as the solo guy at that time . King : What kind of dad was he ? Nicole Richie : I really hate when he says that . I hate when he says that he was n't a good dad because my memory of my childhood was nothing but good memories . I remember him coming down in the kitchen in the morning and singing songs and us playing . Was he gone a lot ? Yeah . But he also toured a lot . Even when he and my mom divorced , it was kind of like he was on tour , so I was kind of OK with it . And he 's not perfect , he 's a human and we went through phases of not speaking . I could sit here and I could say that I was a terrible daughter , too , but I am not going to say that . King : How do you like her boyfriend -LSB- Joel Madden -RSB- ? Lionel Richie : Love him . Love him . King : Do n't you want them to get married ? Lionel Richie : I want them to take their time . I 'm more interested in whether they like each other and whether they 're best friends . Because that means they 'll be great parents forever . King -LSB- to Nicole -RSB- : You were adopted . Nicole Richie : Yes . Lionel Richie : When we adopted , -LSB- she -RSB- was 8 , yes . When we first met her , she was 3 1/2 . King : Took five years ? Lionel Richie : She stayed with us for two years before we even thought about legal guardianship . King : Was there a doubt about doing it ? Lionel Richie : It was a tremendous responsibility , but I fell in love . Brenda fell in love . And once you fall in love , you do n't know anything else .	Lionel Richie likes father of his grandchild ; says Nicole should n't rush marriage Nicole Richie says parents ' love and support helped her make it through drug rehab Nicole on Lionel : "  I hate when he says that he was n't a good dad " How was his "  American Idol " appearance ? "  It 's the best fun in the world "
CNN  -- Yes , it happens every year : the snow and the cold . After all , it is winter , or least late pre-winter . But how 's this for a change in the weather ? Wednesday 's official high in Dallas was 80 . Thursday night brings freezing rain , sleet and a low in the 20s , according to the National Weather Service . Yikes , talk about mood swings . A particularly brutal batch of Arctic air has taken hold across the center of the country , bringing sub-zero temps to the north and sleet as far south as central Texas . "  The weather is bad and getting worse , " said Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin , who declared a state of emergency Thursday because of the storms . Roads were slick and dangerous in some parts of the state , where officials reported three dozen storm-related injuries , including 16 falls . The Oklahoma Highway Patrol responded to more than 50 weather-related accidents . The wintry mix is expected to continue through the weekend . For the first time in its 26-year history , a downtown Dallas holiday parade scheduled for Saturday was canceled . The Dallas Marathon , which typically attracts 25,000 runners , plus family and friends , is still expected to run on Sunday . Oklahoma and Texas are not the only states affected . Tennessee has also declared a state of emergency . "  The most unsettling aspect about Arkansas ' weather for most of us is its looming uncertainty , " said Mike Beebe , the governor of that state . "  During severe weather season , we know when conditions are ripe for tornadoes , but never exactly where and when they could strike . In winter , that uncertainty takes a different form but can still create widespread anxiety , " he said . "  Often , only a few degrees above or below the freezing mark can make the difference between a cold rain , a blanket of snow , an ice storm or a mixture of all of the above . " Schools in various cities have canceled classes for Friday , including in Oklahoma City , Tulsa , Oklahoma , Little Rock , Arkansas and Dallas , authorities said . Classes were also canceled for some counties in western Tennessee , including Shelby , Fayette and Dyer . Area flights were so far running more or less on schedule . As of Thursday afternoon , there were just seven weather-related cancellations at Oklahoma City 's Will Rogers World Airport , which expects more cancellations and delays early Friday . About 160 departures scheduled for Thursday were canceled at Dallas / Fort Worth International Airport , with more disruptions expected Friday . Temperatures will be 10 to 30 degrees below average over the Plains into parts of the Mississippi Valley . Winter advisories stretch from western New Mexico to southern Ohio . Major icing is forecast from the Southern Plains to the Ozarks and into the Ohio Valley . Shuffle about 900 miles to the north of Dallas , and you 'll find folks who 'd love to see temperatures anywhere close to the 20s . Through the weekend , the highest high in Minneapolis is forecast at 10 degrees . The lowest low : minus 10 . If you throw in the wind chill , make it 20 below . Hot Springs , North Dakota , is anything but . Wind chills there could hit a minus 26 . And there 's snow too , just to add to the shivering misery across the upper Midwest A winter storm warning covers eastern North Dakota and the northern half of Minnesota . The Twin Cities area got up to 6 inches of snow on Wednesday . To the north in Two Harbors , Minnesota , residents were digging out from under 3 feet of powder . Not great for driving but perfect for snowmobiling , a staple winter activity along the state 's North Shore . "  It 's been a while since we 've had this much snow in December , " Dixie Bar & Grill owner Deanna Larson told CNN affiliate KARE . No snow means no customers , so 3 feet of the white stuff looks like a lot of green to her . "  Actually , January , February , March can be our largest months in business if we have the right snow . " They like the snow in Colorado , too , but the bitter cold is a different story . "  The thermometer in my truck said 7 degrees when I was driving over here , so it 's cold , " Boulder resident Mani Moniek said . But as cold as that is , it got a lot colder just before midnight , setting a record low for the day at 13 below . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : For the first time in its 26-year history , a Dallas holiday parade is canceled NEW : Some schools in Oklahoma , Arkansas and Tennessee will be closed Friday An ice storm threatens the nation 's midsection from Texas to Ohio Temperatures in the Upper Midwest are below zero
CNN  -- Sri Lanka opened their 2011 Cricket World Cup with a thumping 210-run win over Group A outsiders Canada in front of a home crowd in Hambantota . An 81-ball century from Mahela Jayawardene -- the fastest by a Sri Lankan at a World Cup -- and 92 from captain Kumar Sangakkara laid the foundations for Sri Lanka 's formidable total of 332 for seven . The pair shared a third wicket partnership of 179 as Canada 's bowling attack toiled after earlier restricting Sri Lanka to 92 for two from the first 20 overs . Sehwag century sets up India victory Jayawardene finally fell at the end of the 44th over with the score on 276 for four . But Angelo Mathews and Thilan Samaraweera chipped in with useful runs at the death to steer Sri Lanka past 300 . Canada 's theoretical run-chase got off to the worst of starts as opener John Davison was out to the seventh ball of the innings , bowled by Thisara Perera . Fellow opener Ruvindu Gunasekera , Zubin Surkari and Jimmy Hansra all fell cheaply , leaving Canada in the mire at 42 for four after 18 overs . Captain Ashish Bagai halted a complete collapse with steady 22 before becoming Perera 's third victim . And Rizwan Cheema battled hard for his 37 as wickets tumbled around him , but was eighth man out in the 31st over . Canada 's miserable day was completed five overs later when they were all out for 122 -- Henry Osinde was last man out bowled by Ajantha Mendis for four . Sri Lanka 's next match is against Pakistan in Colombo on Saturday February 26 . Earlier in Group A , New Zealand thrashed minnows Kenya by 10 wickets in Chennai . Kenya won the toss and elected to bat and made a respectable if somewhat slow start to their innings , scoring 33 runs in the first ten overs for the loss of one wicket -- opener Alex Obanda falling to Tim Southee in the seventh over . Bangladesh excited to host Cricket World Cup But it was n't long before their innings began to unravel as Kiwi paceman Hamish Bennett -- who finished with figures of 4 for 16 -- ripped through Kenya 's top order with only Rakep Patel  16 not out  offering any resistance . Kenya 's last five batsmen managed just four runs between them as Jacob Oram and Southee bagged three wickets apiece as Kenya slumped to 69 all out in the 24th over . Kiwi openers Martin Guptill  39 not out  and Brendon McCullum  26 not out  needed just eight overs to knock off the runs as New Zealand romped home . Tougher opposition awaits for New Zealand next Friday as they face arch rivals Australia in Nagpur .	Sri Lanka 's Mahela Jayawardene scores a rapid hundred to set up 210-run win New Zealand record thumping 10-wicket win over Kenya Kenya skittled out for just 69 with Kiwi openers knocking off runs in eight overs
CNN  -- Why did I fall in love with superheroes ? For me , it was all about the masks . You see , growing up in the '70s , I learned early on that expecting to see someone who looked like me in a heroic role on TV or in the movies was like waiting for a unicorn to wander into our living room . When Asians did show up , it was usually in thankless , forgettable roles as nameless henchmen or comic relief : mules and donkeys , not unicorns . Which is why I turned to the world of comics . The bigger-than-life icons who fought for truth , justice and the American way in comic books often donned cowls , helmets and hoods to hide their identities to protect their loved ones from the vengeance of their diabolical nemeses . But their masks also allowed me to imagine myself  or someone very like me  beneath the Lycra Spandex . While I never quite felt authentic pretending to be James Bond , agent 007 , or Steve Austin , the Six Million Dollar Man , a few tiny tweaks were all it took to become Batman or Spider-Man . All I had to do was re-envision Bruce Wayne as Bruce Wang , Peter Parker as Peter Park . The rest of their stories readily fell in line : Child of a doctor ? Check . Nerdy science student ? Check . Masks made the magic possible . When the masks came off , however , the fantasy ended . Batman was revealed as a billionaire WASP playboy , and Spider-Man a working-class Irish-American from Forest Hills , both with sparkling blue eyes . And that 's why I 'm holding off on getting too excited over Marvel 's recent announcements that Captain America will pass his shield and red , white and blue tights on to his African-American friend and partner Sam Wilson , and Thor , God of Thunder , will turn his winged helmet , his mighty hammer Mjolnir and his divine powers over to an as-yet-unnamed woman . Costumes are just clothes . In the world of comics , they get passed around like the sniffles at a kindergarten . Do n't get me wrong . It 's great to see the comics make an effort at diversifying the halls of justice . A look at any toy aisle or movie marquee is all you need to see the degree to which superheroes have moved to the very center of our pop culture . Maybe that 's because , as celebrated graphic novelist Gene Luen Yang says , "  Superheroes are quintessentially American . They were created in America , they 're most popular in America , and in many ways , they embody American ideals . That 's why we want diverse heroes : because we want to affirm that anyone can be an American . " But just swapping costumes does n't quite do that -- not in a permanent way , anyway . "  The problem with nonwhite characters taking over the legacies of established white characters is that the changes never seem to stick , " says Yang . "  The Asian-American Atom got a sword in his belly . The African-American Goliath got lightning-bolted through the heart . The Asian-American Wasp got eaten by a supervillain . And the African-American Green Lantern simply receded to the background when it came time to make a major motion picture . The costume almost always reverts back to the original wearer . " And when the costumes go away , the secret identities beneath them remain . Cartoonist Vishavjit Singh saw this firsthand when he decided to go out in public in a Captain America costume , modified to accommodate his Sikh turban and beard , testing Yang 's premise that "  anyone can be American . " "  The transformation of how people saw and responded to me was startling , " says Singh . "  Americans and tourists alike were turning heads , breaking out into smiles , offering high fives and warm words of support . But as soon as I got out of the costume , I encountered stereotypical epithets about my turban and beard . " The fact is , the only way to really make the superhero universe look like America  and by extension , the world  is to create fresh , new heroes who represent us in all our vibrant diversity , with origin stories that are authentic to their identities . In the graphic novel collections , "  Secret Identities " and "  Shattered , " my co-editors and I challenged Asian-American comic creators to pen original tales of Asian-American superheroes who were Asian-American from the very beginning . This was just a small step in the right direction . Because when you create new heroes , they do n't have the weight of history behind them . Superman boosted spirits in the wake of the Great Depression and fought Nazis in World War II . He 's woven into our nation 's fabric . It takes the passage of time for a hero to achieve cultural capital , something that will take decades for modern heroes-come-lately . Fortunately , it turns out an Asian-American superhero of Golden Age vintage actually exists . Back in the early 1940s , one of the few Asian-Americans working in comics was Chu F. Hing , who invented the Green Turtle -- a character he reportedly conceived of as Chinese-American . However , with "  yellow peril " fears rampant in the years after World War II , Chu was forbidden by his editors to reveal that the Turtle was Asian . In defiance , Chu never drew his Turtle out of costume , and the character quickly fell into obscurity . Now , the Turtle is back . Gene Yang and collaborator Sonny Liew , in a new graphic novel called "  The Shadow Hero , " are giving him a fresh origin story that shows his rise from Chinatown grocery store stock boy to invincible Chinese-American crime buster -- under the watchful tutelage of his cranky uncle and overprotective mom . In doing so , they 've brought this original Asian-American superhero to the attention of a new era . This means that for my kids and future generations , there might finally be a masked marvel they can legitimately call their own -- one whose origins are deeply rooted in our nation 's past , yet whose features reflect the ones they see when they look in the mirror . To me , that would be super .	Marvel is creating an African-American Captain America and a female Thor Jeff Yang : It 's great to see the comics make an effort at diversifying the halls of justice He asks when will there be an Asian-American superhero we can identify with ? Yang : Green Turtle , an Asian-American hero created in 1940s , may be coming back to life
CNN  -- The worst cholera outbreak in Africa in 15 years has killed more than 4,000 Zimbabweans , and the crisis threatens to worsen when the rainy season hits , the U.N. Children 's Fund said Thursday . A cholera patient sits in his bed at a hospital in Harare . The rainy season could threaten more lives . The preventable disease has spread through the southern African country in the past 10 months because of faulty sewage systems , uncollected refuse and a lack of clean water , UNICEF said . "  Last year , we had a near collapse of basic social services , " said Tsitsi Singizi , a spokeswoman for the organization . "  Municipal services were not providing clean water anymore and they were not collecting refuse anymore . There was also a collapse of the health-delivery system . So if you went to the clinic and you were affected by cholera , you would not be attended to . " The possibility of a new wave of cholera cases looms , Singizi said . "  We might have another spike in the number of cases once we have our first rain , because cholera is waterborne and the contaminated water will be flowing towards open sources and people will be drinking from unprotected wells , " she said . Nearly 100,000 people have been infected since the current epidemic broke out , according to a new Red Cross report . The cholera crisis comes as Zimbabwe is struggling with an economic meltdown . In May , Zimbabwe announced that it would receive a $ 22 million grant from the World Bank to help the country 's battered economy .	The cholera crisis has killed 4,000 Zimbabweans and could to worsen , the U.N. said A new wave of cholera looms as the rainy season approaches , UNICEF said The crisis comes as Zimbabwe is struggling with an economic meltdown
Majuro , Marshall Islands  CNN  -- How long did Jose Salvador Alvarenga , the man who washed up on the shores of a group of Pacific islands last week , spend adrift at sea ? He says it was around 13 months . Local fishermen in the area of Mexico from which he set off say he may have been gone for a month longer than that , which more or less matches a document from a local civil protection agency that reports he disappeared in November 2012 . But some people have suggested he looks too healthy for somebody who 'd been through such an ordeal . Officials in the Marshall Islands -- where the bearded , shaggy haired Alvarenga turned up last Thursday in a heavily damaged boat -- say they 've abandoned efforts to pin down the length of time he spent lost in the ocean . "  We gave up on trying to find out the truth of how long he drifted , " said Anjanette Kattil . "  Time will confirm his story . What we 've been concentrating on is his medical condition to see if he 's OK and his repatriation . " Health improving Alvarenga 's story has raised questions about how he managed to survive on a small boat for so long . "  He looks way better than I would have expected for someone who has drifted for as long as he says he has , " Kattil said Wednesday . "  But there is no question he has drifted for quite some time and he has washed up on our shores . " Alvarenga has said he lived off fish and turtles he had caught and relied on rainwater , and sometimes his own urine , to try to stay hydrated . Doctors in the Marshall Islands have told government officials that the castaway 's immune system is very weak and that his symptoms are consistent with someone who has signs of severe dehydration and a diet of only meat . But his condition is improving and he was released from the hospital Tuesday . One of his first acts was to get a haircut and a shave , ditching his tangled locks and bushy beard . "  For days he 's been asking for a haircut , " Kattil said . He requested a cut like the one worn by the men on Ebon , the atoll where he was found , she said . A fishing trip gone awry Alvarenga , who says he is 37 , has been identified by Mexico as a Salvadoran citizen who was living in the Mexican city of Tonala . Authorities say they plan to repatriate him to El Salvador -- where his parents say they have n't seen him for years -- once his health is recovered and his documentation is sorted out . Since El Salvador does n't have diplomatic ties with the Marshall Islands , Mexican officials are coordinating the arrangements . Alvarenga says he set off from the port of Paredon Viejo , near Tonala in Mexico 's Chiapas state , in December 2012 . Local fishermen in the area told El Universal newspaper that they remember Alvarenga setting off earlier , in November that year . He says he and another man intended to spend a day trying to catch sharks , but they were blown off course by northerly winds and then caught in a storm , eventually losing use of their engines . According to Kattil , Alvarenga said that four weeks into their drift , he lost his companion because he refused to eat raw birds . There are no details yet on what Alvarenga did with the man 's body . Bellarmino Rodriguez Beyz , owner of Alvarenga 's boat in Mexico , identified Alvarenga 's companion as 23-year-old Ezequiel CÃ ³ rdova . Alvarenga has said that his faith in God kept him going through the ordeal , but that he also contemplated suicide when he ran low on food and water . Across an ocean If Alvarenga 's story proves true , the trip across the Pacific would have taken him across roughly 6,600 miles  10,800 kilometers  of open ocean before ending in the Marshall Islands , about halfway between Hawaii and Australia , in the northern Pacific . Such an amazing journey is n't unheard of in the small Pacific nation , as three Mexican fishermen made a similar drift voyage in 2006 that lasted nine months . Those men lived off fish they caught and rainwater , and they read the Bible for comfort . Conditions in the Pacific make the timeline of Alvarenga 's journey plausible , according to Judson Jones , a producer for CNN Weather . Jones said that given the average currents between Mexico and the Marshall Islands , it would have taken less than a year to travel from the origin to the end in the strongest average currents . If the trip did indeed take 13-1/2 months , it means his boat would have averaged about 18.6 miles  30 kilometers  a day . But Jones said a meandering journey in and out of the currents was most likely . Journalists Suzanne Chutaro reported from Majuro , Marshall Islands , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Nick Parker contributed to this report .	NEW : There are conflicting reports as to when the castaway and his companion disappeared Jose Salvador Alvarenga turned up in the Marshall Islands last week in a small boat He claims to have been adrift for about 13 months after setting off from Mexico Alvarenga says he lived off fish , birds , turtles , rainwater and urine while adrift
Libya and its fledgling security forces , overwhelmed by militia violence and unrest since the overthrow of dictator Moammar Gadhafi two years ago , are going to get some help from the U.S. military , a top American commander said . Adm. William McRaven , head of the U.S. Special Operations Command , said Saturday the United States will train 5,000 to 7,000 conventional troops as well as counterterrorism forces . Another U.S. official told CNN the training is likely to take place in Europe once all the details are finalized . A major challenge will be developing a security force that 's not influenced by the well-armed militias that have proliferated in the lawless atmosphere across Libya . Mourning in Tripoli a day after dozens are killed "  As we go forward to try and find a good way to build up the Libyan security forces so they are not run by militias , we are going to have to assume some risks , " McRaven said . "  As a country , we have to say there is probably some risk that some of the people we will be training with do not have the most clean record . At the end of the day , it is the best solution we can find to train them to deal with their own problems . " He made the remarks at a defense forum at the Reagan Presidential Library in California just a day after deadly fighting in the capital , Tripoli , on Friday . State news said at least 43 people were killed and hundreds of others were wounded during clashes . Popular sentiment against the various militias has been mounting for months in Tripoli and other parts of the country , including the eastern city of Benghazi , which has been gripped by increasing violence , including political assassinations . The chaos in Libya hit home for Americans after U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed on September 11 , 2012 , in an attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi . The United States has offered a reward of up to $ 10 million for information leading to the arrest of anyone involved in the attack . While U.S. authorities have filed charges in the case , no one has been arrested . A NATO air campaign helped overthrow Gadhafi two years ago , but ever since there has been widespread unrest and poor security . "  The United States , United Kingdom , France , Italy , Germany , and the European Union have done little to follow through with an effective Libya restructural policy . They have struggled to coordinate support to address the problems with Libya 's security sector and justice system , " a Human Rights Watch report said in September . Militias clash in Tripoli after commander 's death	Training likely to take place in Europe , official says Training planned for conventional troops and counterterrorism forces The deadly Benghazi attack last year struck a chord with Americans Libya is overwhelmed by militias
Phoebe Connolly , a possible victim of game where teenagers appear to sucker-punch strangers , is encouraging people to think critically about how such attacks can be stopped . Connolly was biking in the Columbia Heights area of Washington this month when she was struck . She had passed through a group of teenagers , she said , when one of them "  reached out and punched me in the face . " "  The whole group of kids laughed , " Connolly told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Tuesday night . She was not seriously injured . Though Connolly had never heard of the "  knockout game " before the November 15 attack , she may be a victim of it . And she 's not the only one . Another woman was attacked in the same area one day earlier . She , too , sustained minor injuries and was not knocked out , according to Washington police . A police spokeswoman said authorities are investigating the two attacks as simple assaults . "  The reason that I called the police was because my understanding of teenagers is they just do n't always think about the ramifications of their actions , how they can hurt people , how they can cause problems for the rest of their lives , " said Connolly , who works on youth programs . She found fault with the popularity of so-called "  knockout " videos . "  Instead of constantly replaying them on media , or on YouTube , or whatever it is , you know I really feel like that 's just creating more of a culture of fear and polarization -- instead of actually spending time thinking about why it is that people are choosing to do this and how can it be stopped and prevented , " she said . Authorities have reported similar incidents in New Jersey , New York , Illinois and Missouri . One of the latest attacks happened in New York , according to Police Commissioner Ray Kelly . A woman in her 70s was punched in the face by a man with whom she had no known previous contact or connection . She was treated and released from the hospital . Authorities are working to determine whether she is a "  knockout " victim , Kelly said . Despite the recent assaults , police in New York say they have n't yet seen evidence of a trend , though they are not ruling out the idea . "  The press has named it the so-called knockout game . We do n't discount that that exists . It 's a possibility . We 've investigated and will continue to investigate , " Kelly told reporters Tuesday . Police keep close eye on reports of disturbing ` knockout ' game	Phoebe Connolly was biking in Washington when she was punched in the face The attack resembled another one that happened in the same area one day earlier Authorities have reported similar incidents in New Jersey , New York , Illinois and Missouri
