Hong Kong  CNN  -- Several Chinese cities have shown improvements with air quality information -- a politically-sensitive issue in China -- but improvements are still needed , according to a Beijing-based non-profit environmental group . The report by the Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs assessed air quality monitoring in 113 cities across China . The cities with the most transparency in air quality data included Guangzhou , Shenzhen and Beijing , with the most improved cities being Guangzhou , Nanjing and Nanning . Compared with the organization 's last report based on 2010 data , Chinese cities have made significant progress , said Ma Jun , the founding director of the Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs . "  Some Chinese cities have moved forward , " he said . "  Among all 113 cities , there is still a large number of them which are not making proper disclosure . " In January , Beijing started releasing information about air pollutants in finer detail by looking at the presence of smaller pollutants , PM2 .5 , which are particulate matter smaller than 2.5 micrometers . The previous standard was PM10 . Smaller particles are believed to pose major health risks including risks of premature death , heart and lung diseases , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Analysts blame the thick haze that regularly shrouds the country 's cities on rapid urbanization and industrialization . Beijing , for instance , burned some 27 million tons of coal in 2010 , according to state-run media . Despite efforts to limit the number cars with an auto-plate lottery , it 's estimated that Beijing now has over 5 million cars , up from about 3.5 million in 2008 . Pollution is more acute because of the sheer size of the city 's population  17 million  and the rapid speed of its economic growth , experts say . Some cities need time to get new air quality monitoring machines and to train new staff to operate them , Ma said . The worst level of disclosure of city air quality data was in western China , he added . Western China is less industrialized than its eastern counterpart . But economic differences may not fully explain why some cities lag in releasing air quality data . "  We do notice that there are some other cities which are highly polluted , for example steel cities in the Shandong province . Their pollution level is very high , but they are not making much disclosure , " he said . Chinese authorities have been accused of not properly assessing the extent of the problem , prompting U.S. diplomatic missions across China to provide air pollution information to the American community so that "  it can use to make better daily decisions regarding the safety of outdoor activities , " according to U.S. Officials in June . The U.S. readings are widely viewed as a reliable alternative to the official index maintained by China 's Environmental Protection Bureau . Derived from a monitoring station in each of the embassy grounds , they typically paint a starker portrait of air quality than official reports , often falling within "  unhealthy " bands , as defined by a rating system developed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . But this independent monitoring has provoked an angry response in China . In June , a senior Chinese official demanded that foreign embassies stop issuing air pollution readings saying that embassies lacked legal authority to monitor the environment . Beijing has now added 35 new monitoring locations and ranks as the top city in monitoring for smaller pollutants , according to the Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs ' report . By August 2012 , over 55 cities and 192 places published PM 2.5 data , the report added . "  There have been progress significantly in a very short period of time -- thanks to the push made by extensive public participation , " Ma said . Despite some progress , other Chinese cities have lagged behind . Twenty-nine cities , including Chongqing â $ " China 's biggest metropolis -- Hohhot , Zhengzhou , Shenyang , Jinan , Hefei , Changsha and Urumqi , did not publish any information . Cities with highest air quality information transparency 1 . Guangzhou 2 . Shenzhen 3 . Dongguan 4 . Zhongshan 5 . Beijing Cities with lowest air quality information transparency 1 . Jingchang 2 . Qujing 3 . Rizhao 4 . Jining 5 . Weifang	Environmental group examines air quality monitoring in 113 Chinese cities Report by environmental nonprofit examined openness of Chinese air quality data But 29 Chinese cities publish no data about air pollution
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Despite an epic rift in Turkish-Israeli relations , Turkey 's top general announced his troops are relying on new unmanned aerial drones recently purchased from Israel to battle Kurdish rebels . At an international military conference on Monday , the commander of Turkey 's armed forces , Gen. Ilker Basbug , said that within the last 10 days , his troops had begun employing Israeli-made "  Heron " drones on surveillance missions over Turkey 's mountainous eastern border with Iraq . Basbug spoke after a weekend of bloody clashes with Kurdish rebels left at least 12 Turkish soldiers stationed in this border region dead . The fact that Turkey still depends on Israel for high-tech defense technology could complicate the Turkish government 's threats to punish Israel for a botched Israeli commando raid in which eight Turks and a dual-national Turkish-American were shot dead aboard a Turkish ship carrying aid to Gaza . Israel plans to ease blockade After the May 31 incident , Turkey 's prime minister ominously warned "  nothing would ever be the same again , " between the two once-close Middle Eastern allies . Recep Tayyip Erdogan has demanded that Israel apologize for what he has repeatedly labeled an act of "  state terrorism " and "  piracy " in the eastern Mediterranean . Turkey withdrew its ambassador from Tel Aviv , Israel , in protest and cancelled joint military exercises with Israel . But Ankara has been careful not to sever ties with the Israeli defense industry . The long-simmering conflict with rebels from the Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  has flared once again in recent months , making Turkey more dependent on Israeli military technology . "  This is another paradoxical situation ... Turkey has been reluctant to freeze defense industry ties with Israel , " said Lale Kemal , a journalist who writes a column on military affairs for the Turkish newspaper Zaman . "  You need equipment to fight against asymmetric warfare . These are attack helicopters , surveillance systems such as UAV 's -LSB- Unmanned Aerial Vehicles -RSB- , intelligence systems and satellites ... and Turkey does n't produce any of these systems . " When asked on Monday whether Israeli technicians and engineers had to cut short training on the new drones due to the recent rift in relations , Basbug insisted Turkish operators were adequately prepared to pilot the Herons . "  Now our own personnel , our air force , is using the Heron systems that we bought , " Basbug said . "  They got the training , it is over . We are capable , we have started using them . " Basbug added that the Israeli-made drones are being sent into Iraqi airspace , in coordination with the U.S. military , to gather intelligence on PKK rebels who have long operated out of remote mountain camps on the Iraqi side of the border . According to the Turkish military , at least 55 of its soldiers have been killed in clashes with PKK fighters since the beginning of March . Over the last week , Turkish warplanes have carried out several air raids against suspected rebel targets in northern Iraq . On March 16 , the Turkish military said hundreds of Turkish troops made an incursion several kilometers into Iraqi territory in "  hot pursuit " of PKK militants .	Turkish troops employing Israel-made aerial drones against Kurdish rebels Despite rift in relations , Turkey remains dependent on Israel for defense technology Rift stems from last month 's deadly raid on Gaza flotilla by Israeli commandos
CNN  -- New laws going into effect Sunday cover some of the nation 's most contentious issues , from immigration to abortion , while others deal with tanning beds , tuition and where you can sell a pet . In all , nearly 40,000 laws were enacted in 2011 , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Some take effect New Year 's Day . Among them is a controversial California provision requiring that schools add "  lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender Americans " to the list of those whose contributions "  to the development of California and the United States " must be taught in schools . Another California law adds "  gender identity and gender expression " to the list of characteristics that require equal rights . New laws in Delaware and Hawaii make same-sex couples eligible for civil unions and grant them the same rights and benefits as married couples under the law , the legislature group said . NCSL : New state laws for the new year In New Hampshire , starting January 1 , minors will have to inform a parent before getting an abortion or seek a court order to avoid parental notification . Gov. John Lynch had vetoed the bill , saying there must be an exception for rape , incest and abuse . The legislature overrode his veto . New laws in Louisiana , Tennessee , South Carolina and Georgia require businesses to enroll in the federal E-Verify program to ensure that employees are eligible to work in the United States , the National Conference of State Legislatures says . California , meanwhile , is prohibiting any state or local government office from requiring that employers use E-Verify , unless it is required by federal law as a condition of receiving federal funds . E-Verify is a controversial program designed to check a prospective employee 's citizenship or immigration status . Supporters say it helps businesses avoid unintentionally hiring illegal immigrants . Critics complain that it is expensive to operate , pushes undocumented workers further underground , and is not always accurate . Some laws ahead for the new year focus on health issues . One in California prohibits the production or sale of beer to which caffeine has been added . Another in the state would prohibit the sale of dextromethorphan , or DXM , to minors without a prescription . DXM is in many over-the-counter cough suppressants , but it has been used as a recreational drug , the National Conference of State Legislatures says . California also will ban stores from selling expired infant food and formula . Another law in California focuses on school athletes suspected of having a concussion or head injury . A school must remove the athlete from that activity and not allow him or her to resume until clearance is given by a health care provider . Many of the new laws cited by the legislature group are in California , including one prohibiting the use of ultraviolet tanning devices by minors and another making it a crime to sell "  a live animal on any street , highway , public right-of-way , parking lot , carnival , or boardwalk . " Both Oregon and California will prohibit the sale of shark fins in the new year . Oregon is requiring state colleges and universities to waive tuition and fees for foster children under age 25 . Some new state laws amend crime provisions . Kentucky will require that certain inmates convicted of drug crimes serve the final six months of their sentences in the community , under supervision . Oregon will require ignition interlock devices -- computerized breath analyzers -- for people convicted of driving under the influence and people who are under intoxicant diversion agreements , which allow prosecution on a DUI charge to be delayed . And more states are joining a nationwide movement for tougher laws against distracted driving . Nevada will prohibit all drivers from texting and using handheld devices , the National Conference of State Legislatures says . North Dakota is banning drivers under age 18 from using cell phones in their cars and barring all drivers from texting .	Nearly 40,000 laws were enacted in 2011 , according to legislature group Some of those laws go into effect January 1 Many of the new laws cited are in California
CNN  -- Afghan opium kills 100,000 people every year worldwide -- more than any other drug -- and the opiate heroin kills five times as many people in NATO countries each year than the eight-year total of NATO troops killed in Afghan combat , the United Nations said Wednesday . An Afghan police officer digs up a field of opium poppies in April . About 15 million people around the world use heroin , opium or morphine , fueling a $ 65 billion market for the drug and also fueling terrorism and insurgencies : The Taliban raised $ 450 million to $ 600 million over the past four years by "  taxing " opium farmers and traffickers , Antonio Maria Costa , head of the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime , said in a report . Not all the money is going into the pockets of rebels or drug dealers ; some Afghan officials are making money off the trade as well , he said . "  The Afghan drug economy generates several hundred million dollars per year into evil hands : some with black turbans , some with white collars , " Costa said . The latter reference is "  to officials in the Afghan administration , federal government of Kabul or the provinces or the army or the police , " Costa told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Watch Costa talk about the problems " And the problem is spreading , he added . Drug money is funding insurgencies in Central Asia , which has huge energy reserves , Costa said . "  The Silk Route , turned into a heroin route , is carving out a path of death and violence through one of the world 's most strategic yet volatile regions , " he said . Authorities are seizing too little heroin , intercepting only about 20 percent of opiate traffic around the world , according to the U.N. report , "  Addiction , Crime and Insurgency : the Transnational Threat of Afghan Opium . " It comes on the heels of a U.N. warning last month that two years ' worth of opium is effectively "  missing , " probably stockpiled by the Taliban and criminal gangs . More than 12,000 tons of opium , which can be consumed as a narcotic itself or turned into heroin , is unaccounted for , the United Nations estimated in September . It is not clear who has it or why , but the United Nations speculates that criminals could be holding it as a hedge against falling prices or that insurgents or terrorists could be stockpiling it to fund attacks . The latest report claims to be the first systematic attempt to track where Afghan opium ends up . See how Afghan heroin reaches Europe and the West " Europe and Russia together consume just under half of the heroin coming out of Afghanistan , the United Nations concluded , and Iran is by far the single largest consumer of Afghan opium . Afghanistan is also probably supplying an increasing share of the heroin in China -- perhaps as much as a quarter , the report said . Afghanistan is by far the world 's largest producer of opium , although Laos , Myanmar and Latin America produce small quantities , it said . The United Nations found that Afghanistan may be supplying more heroin to the United States and Canada than had been suspected . The two North American countries consume more than twice as much heroin as Latin America produces . That means either that more Afghan heroin is making its way to North America than had been known or that Mexico and Columbia are producing more than was realized , the United Nations said . The report confirmed an estimate that $ 400 million in drug profits goes to the Taliban , Costa said . The Taliban "  are deeply involved " in processing , in protecting farmers and in exporting , he said . The solution "  is very clear , " he said . "  We need a much greater effort and commitment by governments to prevent drug addiction , to take care of drug addicts ... to reduce demand . " But the popular will for change needs to increase , he said , noting that the Security Council in 2006 and 2007 passed resolutions inviting member states to give the names of drug traffickers to authorities so that their ability to travel can be curtailed and their assets seized . "  So far , much to my dismay , not a single name was provided to the Security Council , " he said . The report offered little new in the way of possible solutions , said Ethan Nadelmann , founding executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance , which promotes alternatives to the war on drugs . "  It 's very good at describing a problem , " he said . "  But it truly is devoid of any kind of pragmatic solution , and it essentially suggests that the answer is to keep doing more of what 's failed us in the past . " So long as there is a global demand for opium , there will be a supply , he said . "  If Afghanistan were suddenly wiped out as a producer of opium -- by bad weather or a blight or eradication efforts -- other parts of the world would simply emerge as new producers , "  creating all sorts of new problems , " he said . And Afghanistan itself would not be helped either , he said . "  You would see in Afghanistan millions of people probably flocking to the cities unable to make a living and probably turning more to the Taliban than they are now , " he said . He listed three possible options . The first , global legalization and control , "  is not happening , not any time soon , " he said . The second option is to increase drug treatment for addicts who want it and to provide legal access to the drug , as Switzerland , Germany , the Netherlands , England , Spain and Canada have done , he said . "  In all of these places , there are small , growing programs of heroin maintenance that allow addicts to obtain pharmaceutical-grade heroin from legal sources rather than from the black market , " he said . But Nadelmann added that more people died of opiate overdose last year involving pharmaceutical opiates than died from illegal heroin . A third possibility , he said , would be to view Afghanistan as essentially a red-light zone of global opium production and to think about the solution as a vice-control challenge , "  which means acknowledge that Afghanistan is going to continue to be the world 's supplier of illegal opium for the foreseeable future and then focus on manipulating and regulating the market participants , even though it is still illegal . " He added , "  That , I think , is in some respects the de facto strategy , even though it can not be stated openly , for political reasons . "	Afghan heroin trade funds terrorism , insurgencies , U.N. report says 12,000 tons of opium missing , probably stockpiled by Taliban , gangs , U.N. says Afghanistan is world 's largest producer of opium , from which heroin is made Iran is by far largest consumer of Afghan heroin , U.N. report says
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Japanese scientists have produced clones of mice that have been dead and frozen for 16 years -- a feat that could lead researchers to one day resurrect long-extinct species , such as the mammoth . Dolly was cloned using cells from live animals . Now scientists believe they can resurrect extinct species . Until now , scientists have only been able to produce clones using cells from live animals . This is how researchers created Dolly the Sheep , the first mammal to be cloned from an adult animal . Researchers had thought that frozen cells were unusable because ice crystals would have damaged the DNA . That belief would rule out the possibility of resurrecting extinct animals from their frozen remains . But the latest research -- published in the journal , Proceedings for the National Academy of Sciences -- shows that scientists may have overcome the obstacle . Researchers at the Riken Center for Developmental Biology in Kobe , Japan , used cells from mice that had been frozen for 16 years at -20 Celsius  -4 degrees Fahrenheit  . They extracted the nucleus and injected it into eggs whose DNA had been removed . Several steps later , the scientists were able to clone the mice . "  This is the first time a mammal has been cloned from a sample stored at conditions reasonably close to what might be expected in permafrost , " Teruhiko Wakayama , who led the study , said in a statement . "  It  gives some hope for those who might seek to clone extinct species from frozen carcasses . "	Japanese scientists produce clones of mice dead and frozen for 16 years Feat could lead researchers to resurrect long-extinct species , like mammoth Researchers used cells from mice that were frozen for 16 years at -20 Celsius
Epsom , England  CNN  -- Watched by the Queen of England , hot favorite Camelot won the Epsom Derby on Saturday , setting up a potential tilt at English horse racing 's Triple Crown . Camelot , with odds of 13-8 , added the prestigious title to his 2,000 Guineas win in comfortable fashion , triumphing by five lengths . He will now be targeted at the St. Ledger Stakes later this year , according to his owner . If successful , he will become the first horse since the great Nijinsky in 1970 to win the treble . With Camelot trained by Aiden O'Brien and ridden by his 19-year-old son Joseph , history was made on the weekend of Queen Elizabeth 's Diamond Jubilee celebrations . The pair became the first father-son/trainer-jockey combination to win England 's premier Classic race . Aiden O'Brien 's other horse in the race , Astrology , finished third after leading the eight-horse field into the straight before Camelot and Main Sequence surged past . It continued the O'Briens ' domination of the English flat racing season , having already captured the 1,000 Guineas with Homecoming Queen , the 2,000 Guineas with Camelot and the Oaks  for fillies  with Was at Epsom on Friday . Britain 's horse-loving queen The family had earlier scooped Saturday 's other main race , the Coronation Cup . Queen Elizabeth chose to commence her weekend of celebrations with a visit to Epsom Downs . An avid racing fan , the Queen has attended all but two Derbies during her 60-year reign . Before a capacity crowd of more than 100,000 people , the 86-year-old and her husband , the Duke of Edinburgh , were driven on to the course as opera singer Katherine Jenkins sang the national anthem . Trainer 's date with Epsom destiny ? Among the cheering crowds were many racegoers who embraced the Diamond Jubilee theme , with variations on the red , white and blue color scheme visibly in evidence among the usual confection of hats and headpieces . The Epsom Derby is England 's premier "  Classic " -- a series of races for three-year-olds that also comprises the 1,000 Guineas , the 2,000 Guineas , the Oaks and the St. Ledger . The 1,000 Guineas and the Oaks are fillies-only races . Of the three remaining events , the treble is rarely attempted these days , due to its longer length of the St. Ledger of a mile and six furlongs .	Camelot wins English horse racing 's Epsom Derby , as Queen watches Event marks the start of British ruler 's Diamond Jubilee celebrations this weekend Camelot 's trainer and jockey become first father-son combination to win race The horse has now completed two legs of the prestigious English Triple Crown
CNNGo  -- From the Maldives to Macau , escape to these restaurants for a healthy helping of stunning scenery . 1 . S.O.S. Anantara Seminyak -- Bali , Indonesia Spread eagle to eat atop massive daybeds on the S.O.S. Anantara Seminyak 's elongated rooftop , shown above , with the Indian Ocean directly below . Seminyak Beach 's highest nightspot even has a glass clad catwalk for hungry exhibitionists to strut their stuff between courses . The Indonesian satay combo arrives on a sea monster-inspired charcoal burner and the Spanish menu reads like a list of aphrodisiacs . Those who choose among four prime cuts of Black Angus steak can have their slab served cooked to order . 2 . RAW Huvafenfushi -- Maldives Whether going barefoot down the jetty or getting there wet by a breast stroke , the Maldivian fantasy island 's RAW Huvafenfushi over-water eatery will momentarily take any appetite away . Once your eyes can focus off the 360 ° water world , your attention turns to the kitchen 's theatrical concoctions , like the igloo carved to serve premium sashimi . Live lobster gets dunked in fondue and local reef fish carpaccio come topped with wild mushrooms , pink peppercorn and pomegranates , making healthy dishes here often better dressed than the diners . 3 . Kahanda Kanda Galle -- Sri Lanka Appreciate the walls-free hilltop dining room of Kahanda Kanda Galle . Curves grace oversized urns on the smooth polished concrete floor , ideal for dining bare , at least on the feet . The Sri Lankan chef works primarily with ingredients from the surrounding fertile fields , or in the banana tarte tatin , freshly shaken off the swaying branches . Check out more great travel tips and destinations at Five To Go 4 . Khmer Village House Siem Reap -- Cambodia Diners arrive at Amansara 's revamped village house on stilts more than a thousand years too late to watch Khmer kings in Srah Srang , the 10th century royal bathing reservoir just across the dirt path inside the grounds of Angkor Wat . Instead , would-be voyeurs can entertain themselves by picking vegetables on these bountiful grounds then cooking an indigenous feast over charcoal braziers , assisted by the private chef . He 's ready to take charge of the curries when heating things up in the kitchen becomes more of a chore . 5 . Gulai House , The Datai , Langkawi -- Malaysia Surrounded by virgin rainforest , Gulai House with its thatched roof establishment on Langkawi 's northwestern shore is a sight for a green lover 's sore eyes . Working up a ravenous appetite for pakoras , chicken tikka , and daging lada hitam , aka wok-fried beef in black pepper and kaffir lime , is mandatory . See the full story at CNNGo.com © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	The view is as big of a draw as the food at these restaurants in stunning locations Appreciate the walls-free hilltop dining room of Kahanda Kanda Galle in Sri Lanka Cambodian restaurant on stilts is just across from a 10th century royal bathing reservoir Check out more great travel tips and destinations at Five To Go
CNN  -- Last week , the International Monetary Fund  IMF  released its latest "  Middle East and North Africa Economic Outlook " report . The document aims to provide a detailed overview of the main political , economic and social trends facing the region . Alongside an economic analysis of the cost of the Syrian conflict , the report found that many countries are still struggling to stabilize three years after the Arab Spring . However growth in other countries may be helping the region turn a corner . CNN 's John Defterios sat down with the IMF 's Middle East and Central Asia Director , Masood Ahmed , to probe the report 's findings further and ask how we can expect the countries featured to develop in the near to medium term . He started by asking about the reports findings on growth in the region . Masood Ahmed  MA  :  Right now  , many oil importing countries in the Middle East and North Africa are growing at between 2.5 % and 3.5 % . Many of these countries were  previously  growing at 6 % and 7 % . Egypt  and  Tunisia , if you go back to 2008 and 2009 were growing at those rates . How do we get back to those rates and how do we generate more jobs ? First of all , create a degree of more certainty for the private sector . The private sector right now is still holding back because of the transitions . That will work its way through in the next year or so . Second , start embarking on some of the reforms that will improve the prospects for small and medium sized enterprises t come in . John Defterios  JD  : People think , ` Oh 2 to 3 %  a decent rate of growth for developed countries  and that 's with instability ' . What do you need to get these economies on a more stable track ? MA : The kind of growth you need to get these economies on a stable path is kind of in the neighborhood of 5 % and 6 % rather than 2 % or 3 % . Why ? Because that 's the level of growth that will create the jobs that an accruing number of young people that are coming into the labor market need . JD : You mentioned youth unemployment , in most of these countries it 's 25 % or even more in Arab Spring transition countries . MA : Youth unemployment has been chronically high in our region . But over the past three years because growth rates have slowed down , the number of young people without jobs has actually increased by 1.5 to 2 million people . That in itself means those young people are impatient for a job . But their presence serves sometimes as a deterrent for undertaking the reforms that will generate jobs for them . It 's easier to write checks , increase transfers or try to hire them on the public payroll but it 's not sustainable . JD : The Syrian spillover effect , most people do n't think of this in an economic context but you have . MA : Syria at the moment is obviously a tragedy for the Syrian people but more than that if you look at its neighbors , Lebanon , Jordan and then to a lesser extent Iraq and Turkey , they 're all hosting Syrian refugees . In the case of Lebanon and Jordan , this is probably one percentage point or more of GDP in terms of impact already . Beyond that , there 's regional trade that 's been affected , there 's tourism that 's been affected and then there 's the spread of uncertainty and conflict , sectarian tensions also spilling over across the borders . JD : In your report you underline the inflationary threat . Good news that Dubai landed the 2020 Expo , Qatar has the 2022 World Cup but it could push up prices . MA : You do see some signs of overheating in the short term in Qatar , you do see increases in property prices , particularly real estate in Dubai , and these are things to watch out for . But  overall , inflation rates in the GCC  Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf  , including in these two countries , remain quite manageable . These are , as you 've quite rightly pointed out , areas where you need to keep a vigilant eye .	IMF releases latest Middle East and North Africa Economic Outlook report Middle East and Central Asia Director of IMF says many countries in region need to stoke growth Fast growing economies in region need to be wary of inflation
CNN  -- The body of their 2-year-old granddaughter , Caylee Anthony , was found in Florida in December . And their daughter , Casey Anthony , is charged in her death . She could be executed if convicted . It 's a case that has gripped America . George and Cindy Anthony , parents of murder suspect Casey Anthony , on "  Larry King Live " Wednesday . George and Cindy Anthony answered their critics in an exclusive interview on "  Larry King Live " Wednesday night . Appearing with their lawyer , Brad Conway , they talked about whether they still support their daughter completely and what their lives have been like under the media glare . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : We are amazed because we 've received -- get this -- thousands of blog responses to your appearance here tonight . And , honestly , most of them are critical . Why do you think people are angry at you ? Cindy Anthony : Because they do n't understand . They 've never been in our shoes . So a lot of people , especially bloggers , ... like to pick things apart . And , you know , we 're a target . King : But what are they picking apart ? Cindy Anthony : They 're picking apart the fact that we 're standing behind our daughter . They 're picking apart the fact that we are trying to make something out of Caylee 's tragedy . King : Do you talk to Casey a lot ? Cindy Anthony : I have n't spoken to Casey in person since October the 14th . We write . King : Why not ? Cindy Anthony : Because every time we go to the jail to see her , it 's videotaped and then it 's all over "  Nancy Grace " and , you know , the six o'clock news . King : How do you explain the body being found so close to home ? Cindy Anthony : I ca n't explain it . I do n't know if anybody can right now . Watch how Anthonys cope with granddaughter 's death , daughter 's incarceration " King : But you have thoughts , do n't you , George ? George Anthony : Well , I mean there 's so many things I really would like to know , but there 's a lot of things I just do n't know . King : But you 've got to ask . George Anthony : I wish I had an opportunity to talk to my daughter . But , again , we do n't have that chance . King : But logically , if she 's not involved , what could be said that could harm her ? Cindy Anthony : You know , people pick everything apart . If Casey cries , she 's not crying enough . If she smiles at us like she did in court the first time she saw us , then she 's smiling for the wrong reasons . King : -LSB- Caylee 's -RSB- body is stuffed in a laundry bag . The skull is wrapped in duct tape . Could you imagine your daughter would do that ? Cindy Anthony : No . Attorney Brad Conway : The duct tape probably was not wrapped around the skull . We know that there was no flesh and no hair attached to the duct tape , yet that 's what goes out in the media and that 's what people assume to be true . And that 's the unfair part : This young lady has not had her opportunity in court , yet people have drawn conclusions from discovery that 's out there . King : Cindy , the meter reader who found the body alerted the authorities as far back as August about a suspicious bag . This tip was n't acted on . Do you think there would be any difference if the body were found earlier ? Cindy Anthony : I 'm sure there would be , if she was really there back in August . I 'm not convinced of that yet . King : Are you trying to find a murderer ? I mean do you have a private detective ? Cindy Anthony : We have a private investigator who 's still investigating Caylee 's disappearance . The defense has private investigators . And we 're leaving them to their job . King : Brad , is this a rock and a hard place -LSB- for George and Cindy Anthony -RSB- ? Conway : It is . What the Anthonys are trying to do is deal with the grief of the loss of their granddaughter while trying to help other people out . And , unfortunately , there are going to be a lot of people that go through what they go through . The only way to take a negative thing and make a positive is share their grief publicly and let people know that it 's OK to do this . King : The Anthonys have written a Web exclusive -LSB- for CNN -RSB- responding to their critics . You wo n't see it anywhere else . See the Anthonys ' blog and comments from readers King : Did you ever try to harm yourself ? Cindy Anthony : I wrote suicide notes , but I never acted on it . King : Because ? Cindy Anthony : You know , when you are away from someone and something is ripped out of your life so suddenly ... Imagine a child -- not having that child around . And , weeks into it , not knowing where she was and what had happened to her was devastating . It was hard to get up in the morning and , you know , go on with your day . King : What stopped you ? Cindy Anthony : My faith . You know , I knew that 's not the right thing to do . King : Do you completely believe she did n't do it ? Cindy Anthony : Yes , I do . King : Completely ? Cindy Anthony : Yes . I see the love in Casey 's eyes . Every single picture that you see of Caylee and Casey together , you can see the love in their eyes . King : Cindy , you were the first to call authorities last July to say you had n't seen Caylee for a month and that your daughter 's car smelled like it had a dead body in it . Did n't you worry that that would be kind of presumptive from the state to make a case out this ? Cindy Anthony : You know , Larry , on July 15th , all I wanted was the police department out to my house out to help me look for Caylee . King : Did you smell the smell ? Cindy Anthony : I smelled a smell in the car . I smelled it in my refrigerator with sour food . King : Do you have any idea why -LSB- Casey -RSB- did n't call police all the time her daughter was missing ? Cindy Anthony : I ca n't answer that . Casey was probably grieving as best as she could . It does n't make her guilty . King : No , but weird . Cindy Anthony : It does n't make her guilty . Yes , but a lot of people do weird things under stress , under tragedy . So it does n't make you guilty . King : Would you favor that whoever did this crime should face the death penalty ? Cindy Anthony : You know , I 'm not a fan of the death penalty for anybody . King : George ? George Anthony : I 'm opposed to it . King : Let 's take a call . Caller : I have a question for the Anthonys . What will they do if their daughter is found guilty ? Will they still support her or will they cut all ties ? Cindy Anthony : I ca n't cut tie from my own flesh and blood , so no . King : Do you expect to testify , George ? George Anthony : I 'm sure we 'll be in court when everything comes , probably sometime next year . King : Do you think they 'll be called , Brad , both ? Conway : Yes , sir , they will . Another caller : Where do you find the strength to support your daughter when everyone seems to be against her ? Cindy Anthony : You know , my faith has gotten stronger and stronger every day through these last nine months .	George and Cindy Anthony say media attention prevents them from visiting Casey They say public does n't understand their situation , people pick their actions apart Cindy Anthony said she wrote suicide notes but never acted on them Their attorney expects they 'll be called as witnesses in daughter Casey 's trial
CNN  -- A man accused of shooting into a crowd outside an under-21 nightclub -- killing two teenage girls and wounding seven other people -- before shooting himself was in critical condition Monday , police in Portland , Oregon , said . A shooting outside a Portland nightclub Staurday killed two people and injured seven others , police said . Investigators identified the gunman in Saturday night 's shooting in Portland as Erik Salvadore Ayala , 24 , and are trying to determine why the rampage happened , police said . "  This is unprecedented in the city of Portland . We do n't have this type of thing , " Portland police Detective Mary Wheat said , adding that even seasoned police veterans were shocked by what she called "  a random act of violence . " "  Nobody knows the motive at this time , " Wheat said , noting that Ayala did n't have a police record . "  We 're trying to figure what drove him to this . " Investigators believe Ayala sprayed bullets into a crowd of students outside a non-alcohol nightclub called The Zone on Saturday night and then shot himself , authorities said . The students were participants in a Rotary Club foreign exchange program . Slain were Ashley Wilks , 16 , and a Peruvian exchange student , Marta "  Tika " Paz De Noboa , 17 , according to Wheat . Wilks , a Portland high school sophomore , was getting ready to spend her junior year in either France or Spain , her principal said . Two juveniles , four 18-year-olds and a man in his 40s were wounded , Wheat said , adding that exchange students were among those hurt . Scott Bieber , youth protection officer for the exchange program in northern Oregon and southwestern Washington , said the shooting was "  nothing like anything we 've ever seen in Rotary before , to have as many of our kids involved in something as tragic at one time . " "  Our main focus right now is to build a support structure for the students who were involved and their host families and their real families , and also for the families of the 28 other inbound students we have in our Rotary district , " Bieber said . Eleven exchange students went to the club to celebrate a birthday and were waiting in line when the assault began , Bieber said . Wheat said a 9 mm handgun was used in the shooting . "  It does n't appear at this time that he reloaded , " she said . Paz De Noboa was attending Columbia High School in White Salmon , Washington . School officials were helping students deal with their grief over the incident , and counselors were available , said Superintendent Dale Palmer and Vice Superintendent Jerry Lewis of the White Salmon Valley School District . "  She was very shy and reserved , " Palmer said . "  I think she was a good student and helpful to other struggling students . " Matt Utterback -- principal of Ashley Wilks ' school , Clackamas High School -- issued a statement on the school 's Web site confirming Wilks ' death and the wounding of Susy De Sousa , an 18-year-old foreign exchange student from Italy . Wilks ' was a "  bright and curious student " who took honors classes and was a member of the swimming team , Utterback said . He passed along praise from her teachers and her swim coach . "  An awesome student with a beautiful smile . She was the kind of person that lights up a room . A truly wonderful , delightful kid , " Utterback said . About De Sousa , Utterback said : "  Susy challenges herself to take rigorous classes despite the fact that English is her second language . She has a good sense of humor and is known for her persistence . " De Sousa was in critical condition but improving , Wheat said . Classes were not in session Monday because it was a teacher workday . Utterback said counseling was available for students , and deplored the shooting . "  Such a horrific act is impossible to accept or understand , " he said .	Two teens killed , seven other people wounded in Portland , Oregon , shooting Investigators "  trying to figure out what drove -LSB- gunman -RSB- to this , " detective says Police identify shooter as 24-year-old man , say he shot himself Students had gone to under-21 club to celebrate a birthday
Nearly three years after it began , the surge of U.S. troops to Afghanistan is over . In December 2009 , on President Barack Obama 's order , an additional 30,000 troops headed to the war-torn country hoping to stabilize it and quash what was then widely viewed as a Taliban resurgence despite just more than eight years of war . Now , the last several hundred of the extra troops have left Afghanistan , according to a senior U.S. defense official . Payoff ? Assessing the Afghan surge That still leaves about 68,000 American troops still in the nation , as was the case in late 2008 . And violence continues to rage in parts of Afghanistan , including numerous high-profile "  green-on-blue " attacks of late in which men dressed in Afghan police and military uniforms open fire on other Afghan security officers and coalition forces . If all goes to plan , the withdrawal of U.S. troops will continue as more security responsibilities are handed over to Afghan authorities . NATO leaders this May signed off on Obama 's exit strategy that calls for an end to combat operations next year and the withdrawal of the U.S.-led international military force by the end of 2014 . After that , a new and different NATO mission will advise , train and assist an expected 350,000-strong Afghanistan force , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen has said . Obama committed to the surge following years in which the U.S. government poured troops and resources into the war in Iraq , giving the Taliban time to rebuild and start retaking their traditional stronghold in southern Afghanistan . At the time , progress toward having Afghan forces prepared to take over security in their country had seemingly stalled . Earlier this month , the deputy commander of international forces in Afghanistan said NATO-led forces had made progress . Yet Lt. Gen. James L. Terry also noted the continued efforts by insurgents to "  divide the coalition from our Afghan partners . " One example of how the insurgency can strike , seemingly at will and around the country , is last week 's brazen assault on a coalition base in southern Afghanistan that killed two U.S. troops and destroyed six coalition fighter jets , as well as a suicide attack in Kabul on Tuesday that killed 12 people . Violence rages as surge troops depart Afghanistan The senior combat leader in Afghanistan , Gen. John Allen , said last month that insurgent violence in southern Afghanistan was down 3 % over 2011 levels , but admitted it was not "  statistically significant . " However , while violence levels may not have changed much , Allen said the significant change was where the violence had moved . "  We have pushed hard on the insurgency to push them out of the population centers , much of which was cleared last year , and we 've continued to push them into an increasingly smaller series of areas , districts , where we have , in many respects , contained them , " said Allen , head of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Mark Jacobson , a senior fellow at the Washington-based analyst organization German Marshall Fund , positively pointed to signs that "  the insurgency is not the monolithic structure it was back in 2009 , when people said they were at the gates of Kabul . " NATO restricts Afghan operations after ` green-on-blue ' killings , anti-Islam film Yet Jacobson , a former NATO adviser to Gen. David Petraeus when the now CIA director was the top commander in Afghanistan , also added flatly , "  We have not seen as much success as we had hoped for . " "  Did the surge provide the necessary impetus in terms of security and the support of government and other activities so the Taliban and the insurgency would be brought to the table ? I do n't think that has happened as quickly as people had originally hoped , " said Jacobson . The effort to train Afghan forces is n't over , even as the coalition troop withdrawal continues . Marine Gen. John A. Toolan , head of allied forces in southern Afghanistan , said last April that he 'd seen improvement in Afghan security forces . Still , he added more work needs to be done in intelligence , combat medicine , special operations , artillery and criminal investigation . "  As the conventional forces leave , special operations forces will continue to be required because their  Afghan military  special operations capabilities are going to take a little bit more time to nurture and mature , " according to Toolan . Opinion : Green-on-blue attacks show there 's no easy way out	Last of 30,000 extra troops sent in late 2009 have left Afghanistan , an official says About 68,000 U.S. troops remain in Afghanistan Obama has pledged to have most all coalition troops out by 2014
CNN  -- The Canadian government hopes to overturn a decision granting refugee status to a white South African who says he would face persecution at home , a spokesman for Canada 's immigration minister said Friday . The Immigration and Refugee Board recently granted refugee status to Brandon Huntley , 31 , a South African native who has been living illegally in Canada . The board decided to let him live and work legally in Canada after Huntley argued he had been the victim of racial violence and discrimination in South Africa . The board operates independently of the Canadian government . The ruling African National Congress in South Africa blasted the decision as racist and said it would "  only serve to perpetuate racism . " Watch how the South African government has condemned the ruling " Now the Canadian government plans to ask federal courts to overturn the decision , said Alykhan Velshi , a spokesman for Canadian Immigration Minister Jason Kenney . "  It 's important to stress that this is n't the minister 's decision nor that of the government , " Velshi said in a statement Friday . "  It was a decision taken by the quasi-judicial , independent Immigration and Refugee Board . I will leave it to them to defend the quality of their decisions . " He declined further comment "  because the matter is now before the courts . " A spokesman for the Immigration and Refugee Board earlier also had declined to comment on the grounds that refugee claims are confidential . However , a member of the board 's Refugee Protection Division , William Davis , has written in The Toronto Star that the board found that Huntley 's case demonstrated "  a picture of indifference and inability or unwillingness " by South Africa to protect "  white South Africans from persecution by African South Africans . " About 79 percent of South Africans are black ; 9.6 percent are white . Huntley 's attorney , Russell Kaplan , said his client had been attacked seven times by black South Africans who called him a "  settler " and a "  white dog . " "  In each instance , there were racially motivated remarks that were made -- that 's what distinguishes this case from ordinary criminality , " Kaplan said . The African National Congress has a different view . "  We find the claim by Huntley to have been attacked seven times by Africans due to his skin color -- without any police intervention -- sensational and alarming , " the ANC said in a statement this week . Kaplan is a human rights lawyer in Canada who left South Africa 20 years ago to escape the apartheid government 's discrimination against black South Africans . "  Twenty years later , we have this case that involves the exact opposite , " he said this week . Newspaper clippings were presented as evidence of life in South Africa during the August 18 hearing , South Africa 's The Times reported . Kaplan 's sister , who came to Canada last year , testified about "  the torture and murder " of their brother , who was killed by robbers in 1997 , the newspaper reported . The ANC said the current government under President Jacob Zuma is committed to fighting crime "  regardless of color or creed . " The South African government would have preferred Canada seek its view "  before such a decision was made , " South African Foreign Affairs spokesman Ronnie Mamoepa told The Times . "  Quite clearly , the allegations are as preposterous as they are laughable -- which they would be if they were not serious , " he told the newspaper .	Brandon Huntley says he faced racial violence and discrimination in South Africa Canadian immigration board recently granted refugee status to Huntley South African government blasted decision as racist Canadian government asks courts to overturn independent board 's decision
Lausanne , Switzerland  CNN  A roller-coaster series of talks wrapped up Thursday in Lausanne as a group of world powers known as the P5 +1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country 's nuclear program . The success of that agreement remains to be seen . The parties have until the end to June to work out the details and put the plan to paper . But the talks this week were , nevertheless , historic , particularly for the otherwise frozen U.S.-Iranian relationship . But that 's not to say they were glamorous . In fact , the negotiations this week provided a modern demonstration of diplomacy at its best , but also at its most hectic . Tucked amid the Swiss Alps on the shores of Lake Geneva , Lausanne is certainly one of the more scenic places to be trapped for talks -- a sort of Camp David for the rich and famous . But make no mistake : The site of these negotiations is also a gilded cage . Over the course of the eight-day round of talks , negotiators , their delegations , their security details and reporters were confined primarily to the immediate area around the five-star Beau-Rivage Palace Hotel , which played host to the negotiations . This is n't the first time the hotel has provided a backdrop to a major diplomatic event . In 1923 , the Treaty of Lausanne was signed there , breaking up the Ottoman Empire and defining the borders of modern-day Turkey . More recently , the hotel has been a getaway for wealthy tourists and the occasional celebrity . Coco Chanel famously lived there in the late 1940s and early 1950s , and even had her dog buried on the hotel grounds , some reports say . ` It was tough , very intense at times ' The setting is idyllic , and the grounds are beautifully maintained . The first-floor terrace even features a large-scale chess board , which served this week as an artful analogy for the game of nuclear chess going on just inside . For the negotiators , the past week was marked by a marathon run of meetings , sometimes lasting throughout the night . In an interview with CNN shortly after the framework agreement was announced , Secretary of State John Kerry said , "  I think there was a seriousness of purpose " in meetings with the Iranians . "  People negotiated hard , " he added . "  It was tough , very intense at times , sometimes emotional and confrontational . " That sentiment was echoed by Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif even as the talks were still going on . Over the past 18 months since talks began , Zarif said , negotiators have "  developed personal respect " for one another , even though serious mistrust still exists between Iran and the Western powers . "  We have a very serious problem of confidence -- mutual lack of confidence we need to address -- and we hope that this process will remedy some of that , " he added . Media give-and-take Zarif made these comments to reporters who swarmed him during an afternoon walk along the lake Thursday . Such ambushes were a frequent occurrence during the talks as reporters tried to supplement what little information was being circulated through official channels . Kerry was seen riding a bike on at least one occasion and dining at a nearby crepery on another , with both occasions prompting a cacophony of camera flashes . Reporters briefly followed Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi as he took a morning jog shortly after his arrival in Lausanne on Sunday . And Zarif took several lakeside walks with advisers and security personnel , perhaps just hoping to take in the view , but certainly not making any effort to bypass the area where television cameras were staked out around the clock . The officials sometimes bemoaned the media circus , but they also used the attention to bolster their demands during negotiations , making statements to reporters that they hoped strengthened their footing in talks with their foreign counterparts . "  People often use you guys to deliver messages to the negotiation , " a senior administration official who asked not to be named told reporters on the flight back to Lausanne , "  as do the Iranians . " "  I think they 're quite skilled , actually , at using the media to deliver messages and to try to shape the frame of the negotiation , " the official said . Different orbits More than 600 reporters were credentialed to cover the talks this week . Many of these were based in a large workspace at the nearby Olympic Museum . Meanwhile , the traveling press corps covering the foreign ministers were given coveted red badges , allowing them access to the hotel , where the talks took place . While these journalists had a bit more access to officials , they were usually cordoned off inside a couple of claustrophobic media rooms and barred access to most of the building , including the hotel 's reception desk , the first-floor restrooms and the two-Michelin-star restaurant 's entrees , costing 200 francs or more . Many journalists found refuge in the more comfortable downstairs bar , a shorter walk from the cameras and satellite trucks used around the clock by television reporters on a rolling deadline . For meals , the crowd dispersed to a dozen or so nearby restaurants , where they could enjoy 25-franc pizzas and 60-franc hamburgers , washed down with 8-franc bottles of water , of course . Also popular : a Thai place around the corner that offered quick takeout -- a plus for reporters on a deadline . ` We 'd all take deep breaths and try again ' In the closed-off wings of the Beau-Rivage , the pace of meetings was frantic as different subsets of delegates gathered in ornate conference rooms . There was a sense of urgency , both before and after the initial March 31 deadline passed , to reach a final understanding so the foreign ministers could leave Switzerland ahead of other time commitments , not to mention the Easter holiday . The process was further complicated by restrictions on the flight crew for Kerry 's plane , which could stay on standby at the airport for only a limited number of hours in a given time period . "  We 'd get close , we kept on changing the plane schedule , " a senior administration official told reporters . "  It would go , it would n't go ; we had to reset the clock . " On the evening the understanding was finally announced , the window had already lapsed , requiring Kerry and his team to depart at 3 a.m. Friday . There were "  many moments  throughout the negotiations  when we thought we 'd call it a day , call it a night , decide we 'd gone as far as we could go , " said the official , who briefed reporters on Kerry 's plane . "  Then we 'd all take deep breaths and try again . " But perhaps the most difficult night for negotiators was between Wednesday and Thursday , just before the final sticking points were resolved for a deal . "  It was a very , very intense , " said the official . "  It went from 9 -- about 9 in the evening until 6 in the morning when we all decided we 'd reached a couple of roadblocks , did n't know whether we 'd be able to get past them , and we were all utterly , utterly exhausted . " "  So we all went to sleep by maybe 7 , got up again and started again about 9:30 , and engaged on what we thought were the really final issues , " the official added . Rushing to report the agreement That morning , the deal began to solidify , and plans for the announcement were set into motion . The announcement that an agreement had been reached sparked some chaos . It was first sent out by the European delegation , which spread the word to its traveling press corps even as negotiators were still meeting . As news began to get out , one European reporter ran frantically into the media area at the hotel , urging everyone to listen . His message : There 's going to be an announcement . There are buses waiting to take you to the auditorium of a nearby university where it will take place . And with that , the room devolved into chaos as journalists ran for the doors . The eight-day-long diplomatic event had hit its crescendo before finally subsiding . By midday Friday , the delegations had left Lausanne , along with most of the media , returning the scenic Swiss city to its more tranquil pace .	This week 's talks on an Iranian nuclear deal framework are historic The negotiations demonstrated diplomacy at its best , but also at its most hectic Reporters resorted to ambushes to talk to officials ; negotiations were "  sometimes emotional and confrontational "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- San Diego Mayor Bob Filner , facing a growing tide of sexual harassment allegations , has completed his two-week intensive behavior therapy a week early and will begin outpatient treatment , his lawyer said . But he might not be back at work in his office any time soon . His chief of staff changed the locks , according to numerous reports , including one by CNN affiliate KFMB . Attorney James Payne said in a statement that Filner began treatment on July 29 , a week before the mayor previously told reporters he would start . Filner was to complete that phase of treatment Saturday , Payne said . Did mayor target victims of military sexual assault ? In the same statement , Payne said Filner would take some personal time this week and would not be available for comment . It is unclear when Filner will return to work , but he is believed to be back in the city he governs after his rehab stint . Victims start talking An increasing number of women are saying that Filner inappropriately touched them , prompting his chief of staff to resign and fellow Democrats to call for him to step down . In a personal letter to the mayor Friday , Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer , who addresses Filner as "  Bob , " wrote : "  We 've known each other for a long time . ... So I am speaking to you now on a personal and professional level , and asking you to step down as mayor and get the help you need as a private citizen . " California 's other senator , Democrat Dianne Feinstein , has also asked Filner to resign . Eleven women have now accused Filner , 70 , of sexual harassment while he was mayor or a congressman . The latest is nurse Michelle Tyler , who said Tuesday that Filner rubbed her arm in his office and asked for dinner dates in June in exchange for his helping a brain-injured Iraq war veteran . She said Filner told her he wanted to kiss her . While Filner acknowledged last month that "  I need help " and said "  I 'm clearly doing something wrong , " he has also said he believes he will be vindicated when all the facts come out . The mayor has vowed not to resign . The idea that Filner has now completed rehab and could come back to lead San Diego did not sit well with many of his constituents . "  It 's ridiculous , " said Gary Sehnert , a San Diego resident . "  Why is this continuing ? " "  Really mayor ? You did what you did and now you want to stay as mayor , " said William Sawaya , another San Diego resident . "  Expletive  , you 're not staying as mayor . " Filner served 10 terms , or 20 years , in Congress before being elected mayor of San Diego last year . CNN 's Kyung Lah reported from Los Angeles . Melissa Gray reported and wrote in Atlanta . Dan Merica contributed to this report .	Bob Filner is believed to be back in the city he governs after a stint in rehab The mayor said he would start a two-week program on August 5 but started earlier A growing tide of women are making sexual harassment allegations against him Reports : Mayor 's chief of staff changed his office locks to preserve potential evidence
ISIS , the brutal insurgent/terrorist group formerly known as al Qaeda in Iraq , has seized much of western and northern Iraq and even threatens towns not far from Baghdad . From where did ISIS spring ? One of George W. Bush 's most toxic legacies is the introduction of al Qaeda into Iraq , which is the ISIS mother ship . If this was n't so tragic it would be supremely ironic , because before the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 , top Bush officials were insisting that there was an al Qaeda-Iraq axis of evil . Their claims that Saddam Hussein 's men were training members of al Qaeda how to make weapons of mass destruction seemed to be one of the most compelling rationales for the impending war . After the fall of Hussein 's regime , no documents were unearthed in Iraq proving the Hussein-al Qaeda axis despite the fact that , like other totalitarian regimes , Hussein 's government kept massive and meticulous records . The U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency had by 2006 translated 34 million pages of documents from Hussein 's Iraq and found there was nothing to substantiate a "  partnership " between Hussein and al Qaeda . Two years later the Pentagon 's own internal think tank , the Institute for Defense Analyses , concluded after examining 600,000 Hussein-era documents and several thousand hours of his regime 's audio - and videotapes that there was no "  smoking gun  i.e. direct connection between Hussein 's Iraq and al Qaeda .  " The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence concluded in 2008 , as every other investigation had before , that there was no "  cooperative relationship " between Hussein and al Qaeda . The committee also found that "  most of the contacts cited between Iraq and al Qaeda before the war by the intelligence community and policy makers have been determined not to have occurred . " Instead of interrupting a budding relationship between Hussein and al Qaeda , the Iraq War precipitated the arrival of al Qaeda into Iraq . Although the Bush administration tended to gloss over the fact , al Qaeda only formally established itself in Iraq a year and a half after the U.S. invasion . On October 17 , 2004 , its brutal leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi issued an online statement pledging allegiance to Osama bin Laden . Zarqawi 's pledge was fulsome : "  By God , O sheikh of the Mujahideen , if you bid us plunge into the ocean , we would follow you . If you ordered it so , we would obey . " Zarqawi 's special demonic genius was to launch Iraq down the road to civil war . In early 2004 , the U.S. military intercepted a letter from Zarqawi to bin Laden in which he proposed provoking a civil war between Sunnis and Shia . Zarqawi 's strategy was to hit the Shia so they would in turn strike the Sunnis , so precipitating a vicious circle of violence in which al Qaeda would be cast as the protector of the Sunnis against the wrath of the Shia . It was a strategy that worked all too well , provoking first sectarian conflict in Iraq and later civil war . Al Qaeda in Iraq , or AQI , regularly attacked Shia religious processions , shrines and clerics . The tipping point in the slide toward full-blown civil war was al Qaeda 's February 2006 attack on the Golden Mosque in Samarra , which is arguably the most important Shia shrine in the world . Three years into the Iraq War , AQI seemed all but unstoppable . A classified Marine intelligence assessment dated August 17 , 2006 , found that AQI had become the de facto government of the western Iraqi province of Anbar , which is strategically important because it borders Jordan , Syria and Saudi Arabia and makes up about a third of the landmass of Iraq . In addition , AQI controlled a good chunk of the exurban belts around Baghdad , the "  Triangle of Death " to the south of the capital and many of the towns north of it , up the Tigris River to the Syrian border . Thus AQI controlled territory larger than New England and maintained an iron grip on much of the Sunni population . In other words , the Bush administration had presided over the rise of precisely what it had said was one of the key goals of the Iraq War to destroy : a safe haven for al Qaeda in the heart of the Arab world . By 2007 , al Qaeda 's untrammeled violence and imposition of Taliban ideology on the Sunni population provoked a countrywide Sunni backlash against AQI that took the form of Sunni "  Awakening " militias . Many of those militias were put on Uncle Sam 's payroll in a program known as the "  Sons of Iraq " . The combination of the Sunni militias ' on-the-ground intelligence about their onetime AQI allies and American firepower proved devastating to al Qaeda 's Iraqi franchise . And so , between 2006 and 2008 , AQI shrank from an insurgent organization that controlled territory larger than the size of New England to a rump terrorist group . But AQI did not disappear . It simply bided its time . The Syrian civil war provided a staging point over the past three years for its resurrection and transformation into the "  Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , " or ISIS . And now ISIS has marched back into western and northern Iraq . Only this time there is no U.S. military to stop it .	When Bush administration attacked Iraq , it argued there was a Hussein-al Qaeda connection Peter Bergen : Exhaustive research found absolutely no evidence of a connection Ironically , the U.S. invasion provoked the creation of an al Qaeda arm in Iraq , Bergen says Bergen : U.S. military fought back against al Qaeda in Iraq , but now U.S. has departed
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's foreign office yanked Friday a blog posted by its ambassador to Lebanon that mourned the death of an "  admired " Shiite cleric once considered Hezbollah 's spiritual leader . Frances Guy wrote that she left the presence of Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah , who died Sunday , feeling a better person . "  Lebanon is a lesser place the day after , but his absence will be felt well beyond Lebanon 's shores , " she said . "  The world needs more men like him , willing to reach out across faiths . " The comments about Fadlallah , once closely associated with Hezbollah , ruffled diplomatic feathers . Israel , especially , was not happy . In a statement Friday , Britain 's foreign office said the ambassador "  expressed a personal view " on Fadlallah and did not reflect an official government position . The blog , it said , was taken down . "  While we welcomed his progressive views on women 's rights and interfaith dialogue , we also had profound disagreements -- especially over his statements advocating attacks on Israel , " the statement said . Guy , who has been British ambassador to Lebanon since 2006 , explained her views in a new blog posted Friday . "  The problem with diplomatic blogging is that you risk being anodyne or controversial , " she wrote . " Clearly in the last few days I have been the latter . This was not my intent . My comments on the late Sheikh Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah have now been removed because they were leading to confusion about British policy . "  I would like to be clear . I have no truck with terrorism wherever it is committed in whoever 's name . The British government has been clear that it condemns terrorist activity carried out by Hezbollah . I share that view . " The U.S. State Department classifies the Lebanon-based Hezbollah as a foreign terrorist organization . So does Britain . When the group formed in the early 1980s , Fadlallah was considered its spiritual leader . But he always insisted he had nothing to do with its operations . In later years , Sheikh Fadlallah mellowed in some of his views , and spoke out in favor of interfaith dialogue . But his views on Israel did not soften . In a letter penned to President Obama last year , Fadlallah said : "  The size of support and cover-up provided by your country for the Zionist entity has become known . This entity was established on the land whose people were uprooted by the power of iron and fire . The subsequent American policies have contributed to the loss of the Palestinian cause , despite the ratification of many Security Council resolutions . " Fadlallah died Sunday and thousands of mourners filled the streets of Beirut , Lebanon , to pay tribute . Guy said Friday that she understood her words had offended people . "  The blog was my personal attempt to offer some reflections of a figure who , while controversial , was also highly influential in Lebanon 's history and who offered spiritual guidance to many Muslims in need , " she wrote . "  I recognize that some of my words have upset people . This was certainly not my intention . I am sorry that an attempt to acknowledge the spiritual significance to many of Sheikh Fadlallah and the views that he held in the latter part of his life , has served only to further entrench divisions in this complex part of the world . " Earlier this week , CNN 's senior Middle East editor , Octavia Nasr , left the network after a controversial posting on Twitter about Fadlallah . "  Sad to hear of the passing of Sayyed Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah . One of Hezbollah 's giants I respect a lot , " Nasr tweeted last Sunday . Nasr , who is Lebanese , later addressed the issue in a blog posted on CNN.com : "  Reaction to my tweet was immediate , overwhelming and a provides a good lesson on why 140 characters should not be used to comment on controversial or sensitive issues , especially those dealing with the Middle East . " "  It was an error of judgment for me to write such a simplistic comment , " she wrote . Nasr 's Twitter post "  created a wide reaction , " said Parisa Khosravi , senior vice president of international news gathering for CNN Worldwide . "  We believe that her credibility in her position as senior editor for Middle Eastern affairs has been compromised going forward , " she said , and as a result CNN had "  decided she will be leaving the company . "	Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah , once considered Hezbollah 's spiritual leader , died Sunday Frances Guy wrote on blog that she left the presence of Fadlallah feeling a better person "  The world needs more men like him , willing to reach out across faiths , " Guy posted British foreign office yanked blog post ; said Guy was expressing personal views
CNN  -- Ray Harryhausen , the stop-motion animation and special-effects master whose work influenced such directors as Steven Spielberg , Peter Jackson and George Lucas , has died , according to the Facebook page of the Ray and Diana Harryhausen Foundation . Harryhausen was 92 . The page did not offer a cause of death . Harryhausen 's pioneering work on such movies as "  Mighty Joe Young , " "  Jason and the Argonauts , " "  One Million Years B.C. " and "  Clash of the Titans "  1981  was widely praised for its ability to blend stop-motion effects -- models filmed one frame at a time -- and live action . In "  Jason , " for example , the hero has a battle with a group of skeletons that emerge from the ground and take on the Greek warriors . Harryhausen called his format "  dynamation , " and though it looks somewhat crude by today 's computer-generated standards , it still packs a punch -- and other filmmakers remain agog by Harryhausen 's abilities . Several filmmakers paid tribute to him on his 90th birthday , including Jackson , "  Wallace & Gromit 's " Nick Park and Monty Python 's Terry Gilliam . Pixar worked in a reference to Harryhausen in "  Monsters , Inc. " Raymond Frederick Harryhausen was born in Los Angeles in 1920 . From his childhood he was intrigued by movies and animation , inspired by films such as "  The Lost World "  1925  and especially "  King Kong "  1933  . As a teenager he built dioramas featuring prehistoric creatures and filmed them with a 16-millimeter camera , gently hitting the "  run " button to move the film one frame at a time , according to his biography on rayharryhausen.com . By the time he was in his early 20s he was friends with Forrest Ackerman and Ray Bradbury , two men who shared Harryhausen 's fondness for storytelling and animation . Ackerman became a writer , editor and famed memorabilia collector ; Bradbury , of course , became one of the most celebrated science-fiction writers . Other influential colleagues included Willis O'Brien , the "  King Kong " animator , who encouraged Harryhausen 's pursuits , and George Pal , who produced 1953 's "  The War of the Worlds " and directed 1960 's "  The Time Machine . " The science-fiction and fantasy films of Harryhausen 's career were n't the star-filled , big-budget productions of today . Indeed , Harryhausen 's creations were often the main attraction for films that lacked the polish of major studio releases . But the dedicated Harryhausen had a well-earned following , and was quick with praise for his successors . He also never lost his fondness for storytelling , and even in today 's computer-dominated marketplace , maintained high hopes that the art of combining stop-motion with live action would continue . "  Stop-motion is a medium that welcomes fantasy , hence the number of recent productions , " Harryhausen told CNN in 2012 . "  As yet , though , there seem to be no productions that are utilizing model stop-motion and live actors . But that will , I think , re-emerge . It is only a matter of time . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Ray Harryhausen was master of stop-motion animation Harryhausen influenced many moviemakers , including George Lucas and Peter Jackson His combination of animation and live action often highlight of movies Movies included "  One Million Years B.C. " and 1981 version of "  Clash of the Titans "
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot told investigators during an interrogation that he knows the location of Natalee Holloway 's body , but he would neither identify the location nor say what happened to her the night of her disappearance , a Peruvian police official told CNN Thursday in Lima . "  He says he knew the location of the American citizen but that he was going to explain everything to Aruban police , " said Miguel Canlla , head of the homicide division of the Peruvian national police investigative unit . Van der Sloot , twice detained but never charged in the disappearance of Holloway five years ago in Aruba , was arrested last week in connection with a different case : the slaying of a 21-year-old Peruvian woman in Lima , the nation 's capital . He confessed to the Peruvian woman 's slaying earlier this week , police said . Van der Sloot was transferred from a police facility to the national attorney general 's office Thursday morning , according to images broadcast by CNN affiliate America TV . His attorney , Maximo Alonso Altez Navarro , told CNN his client will go from the attorney general 's office to the Justice Ministry , where a judge will determine which jail he will go to . The lawyer said he has spoken with the director of jails in Lima to make sure van der Sloot is safe once he is moved to one of the city 's maximum-security prisons . Altez said he planned to ask the judge in the case to strike down van der Sloot 's confession in the Peruvian case , because he was not properly represented when he was interrogated . The attorney said police got a public defense attorney to be present at the interrogation and subsequent confession , but that van der Sloot never agreed to this lawyer . Altez also said he has found indications that the handling of the evidence was tainted , especially the way the body was handled during the crime scene investigation . He intends to go to trial , Altez said . The body of Stephany Flores was found last week in a hotel room registered to van der Sloot . Hotel surveillance video shows the pair entering his room and van der Sloot leaving alone more than three hours later . Altez said Flores attacked van der Sloot first , after he confronted her for going through his computer . Police said Flores was badly beaten and suffered a broken neck . Van der Sloot confessed Monday night after a seven-hour interrogation to killing Flores , a source with direct knowledge of the investigation told CNN . The Dutch citizen told investigators that he left the hotel room to buy bread and coffee at a gas station next to the hotel , the source said . Upon van der Sloot 's return , he found Flores going through his laptop , where she found something linking him to Holloway 's disappearance , the source said . At that point , Flores wanted to leave , and the pair started arguing , according to the source . Flores slapped van der Sloot , and he hit her back , and then grabbed her neck , the source said . Van der Sloot told investigators he had smoked marijuana before the confrontation , the source said . Although Flores ' body was found half-dressed , there was no evidence that she had sexual intercourse that night , the source said . Van der Sloot , 22 , was arrested in Chile on June 4 and returned to Peru the next day . While he was never charged in connection with Holloway 's disappearance in 2005 , he has been charged in Alabama with extortion and wire fraud charges . According to a document from Interpol , van der Sloot contacted a representative of Holloway 's mother , Beth Holloway , on or around March 29 to ask for $ 250,000 in exchange for information on the whereabouts of Natalee Holloway 's remains . Van der Sloot received $ 25,000 last month , officials said . A representative for Holloway 's mother who paid the money was an undercover FBI agent , a federal law enforcement official told CNN . However , the FBI and the U.S. attorney 's office in Birmingham , Alabama , said Wednesday that the FBI did not supply the money . "  Some news accounts have suggested that the FBI provided $ 25,000 in funds that were transmitted to van der Sloot . This is incorrect . The funds involved were private funds , " the FBI and U.S. attorney 's office said in a statement . The FBI and U.S. attorney 's office in Birmingham arranged for a meeting in which van der Sloot was paid $ 10,000 in cash and another $ 15,000 in a wire transfer , a source familiar with the case said . The meeting took place in May , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Birmingham . Interpol documents show that the $ 15,000 was transferred to a personal bank account in the Netherlands . The information about Natalee Holloway that van der Sloot provided to the FBI was not true , according to the documents . Although the investigation involving alleged extortion had been in motion for several weeks at the time of Flores ' death , "  it was not sufficiently developed to bring charges prior to the time van der Sloot left Aruba , " the FBI statement said . "  This is not due to any fault on the part of the FBI or the U.S. attorney 's office , where agents and prosecutors were working as hard as possible to bring the case to fruition when they learned of the murder . A case based on events outside of the United States is a complex matter , and work was proceeding with all deliberate speed to prepare the evidence , the charges and the necessary procedures to obtain custody of van der Sloot , " the statement said . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : Van der Sloot wo n't say where body is , official says Van der Sloot held in Peru in connection with different case Lawyer says he will try to have confession in Peru slaying dismissed Van der Sloot not properly represented during interrogation , lawyer says
CNN  -- Despite a report Tuesday of possible hazardous materials at a mail facility at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling in the nation 's capital , no suspicious packages or letters were located , a Defense Intelligence Agency spokesman said The agency 's mail-screening equipment alerted officials to the possible presence of a hazardous substance . Preliminary tests indicated it was a possible biotoxin , officials said earlier . But after an on-scene investigation , it was determined there was no threat , Lt. Col. Thomas F. Veale , an agency spokesman , said . The FBI has taken samples and will conduct further testing , he said . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Greg Seaby contributed to this report .	The FBI has taken samples from the mail facility at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling Authorities now say there was no suspicious package or letter Mail screening equipment initially indicated there was a hazardous substance , an official says
CNN  -- He started the day clutching the Ballon d'Or trophy proudly in his hands and ended it , once again , with his footballing adversaries very much at the mercy of his multi-talented feet . Cristiano Ronaldo showed why he was voted the best player in the world earlier this month with another sprightly showing on Saturday as Real Madrid beat Granada 2-0 at the Bernabeu to assume top spot in La Liga . Inevitably , it was the Portuguese forward who broke the deadlock drilling a low shot home in the 56th-minute goal -- his 22nd goal of the campaign . The 28-year-old was intimately involved in Madrid 's second , setting Marcelo free down left before the Brazilian cut in and unselfishly rolled the ball across to Karim Benzema who slotted home . Carlo Ancelotti 's side have now dropped only two points and scored 40 goals in 11 league outings since losing to Barcelona at the end of October . All of which means that Los Blancos leap from fourth to first with 53 points , two more than both Barcelona and Atletico Madrid who play Sunday . The Catalans entertain Malaga at the Nou Camp in the late kick off while Atletico travel to second-from-bottom Rayo Vallecano . Fellow strugglers Valladolid picked up what might be a valuable three points come the end of the season beating fifth place Villarreal 1-0 . Jesus Rueda 's 40th minute strike lifts Valladolid to 17th , level on 19 points with Almeria who entertain Getafe on Sunday . Over in Italy , Napoli dropped points for the second consecutive game , drawing 1-1 with relegation-threatened Chievo Verona at the Stadio San Paolo . The visitors took the lead when Gennaro Sardo scored in the 18th minute . Things were looking bleak for Rafa Benitez 's side until two minutes from the end when Spanish centerback Raul Albiol scored a last-gasp equalizer . The draw means Napoli now have 44 points and ensures they retain third spot in the table for another week even if fourth-placed Fiorentina beat Genoa on Sunday night . Chievo 's point lifts them to 16th in Serie A with 18 points , but they remain winless in six and have a battle on their hands if they want to keep a seat at Italian football 's top table . Read more : Man Utd sign Mata for ` club record fee ' Blog : How not to appoint a football manager	Ronaldo scores 22nd goal of league campaign as Real Madrid beat Granada 2-0 Madrid assume top spot ahead of Barcelona and Atletico who both play Sunday Napoli draw with Chievo Verona 1-1 in Serie A
Chris McDaniel on Monday officially contested results showing he lost a Republican primary to Mississippi Sen. Thad Cochran , revealing what his camp alleges is evidence of voter fraud and other irregularities . "  They asked us to put up or shut up . Here we are . Here we are with the evidence , " McDaniel said at a news conference in Jackson . McDaniel , a state senator , has refused to concede the June 24 runoff result and filed a formal challenge with the Mississippi Republican Party 's executive committee . The case could eventually wind up in court . The challenge outlined claims of more than 15,000 cases of illegal or questionable votes , of which 3,500 were crossover votes . The official state count puts Cochran ahead by more than 7,600 votes . McDaniel is asking to make the case publicly before the state GOP executive committee and he anticipates a "  hearing in a public forum . " Cochran 's campaign said it had retained a lawyer to fight the allegations , which it dismissed out of hand . The election speaks to a struggle within the GOP between establishment figures , like Cochran , whose been in the Senate for more than 35 years , and McDaniel , who represents a new breed of arch conservatives backed by the tea party . Allegations included in more than 250 pages of affidavits claiming that 3,500 voters cast ballots for a Democrat in the first leg of the primary before crossing over in the Republican runoff election . If true , those votes can not be counted in the runoff . McDaniel 's lawyer , Mitch Tyner , called another 11,000 more votes questionable or "  improperly cast . " Many affidavits were signed by McDaniel-aligned volunteers and election observers . The documents detail claims that election materials were destroyed or improperly handled and that vote-buying occurred . Tyner said the committee will "  have no choice but to recognize Chris McDaniel as nominee of the Republican Party " after it reviews the evidence . "  We 're not asking for a new election , we 're simply asking that the Republican Party actually recognize the person who won the runoff election , " Tyner said . McDaniel , a career trial lawyer , addressed the crowd as he would a jury and laid out his case , noting that "  we saw the dirty tricks . We saw the dirty money that was coming from Washington . " McDaniel announced plans to challenge election results in early July He challenged the anger and frustration of his supporters and called out the "  despicable acts of race-baiting " from people in his party and alleged that some of the "  mistakes " during the runoff were "  very intentional . " But McDaniel affirmed that the challenge is not centered on those emotions . "  We have to be dispassionate about the facts , " he said . "  The facts are on our side . The law is on our side . " The McDaniel campaign and its allies have spent the nearly six weeks since the runoff parsing county poll books , soliciting donations to fund an eventual legal challenge and offering $ 1,500 rewards to anyone who could provide evidence of voter fraud . Winning strategy likely to stay in Mississippi Bobby Morgan , communications director for the Mississippi Republican Party , called the challenge to the results of a federal election unprecedented . Morgan said party officials are consulting with the organization 's general counsel to determine how to handle the challenge . Cochran campaign lawyer Mark Garriga slammed the McDaniel campaign 's claims as "  baseless " and said he looks forward to holding it to the burden of proof that the law requires . " "  The filing of this challenge marks the point where this matter moves from an arena of press conferences and rhetoric into a setting where nothing matters but admissible evidence and the rule of law , " Garriga said in the statement . As Cochran made a last-ditch appeal to African-American voters ahead of the runoff , conservative groups hired former Justice Department official Christian Adams to train and oversee election observers to monitor polls and note questionable voter activity . After 10 days of state party review , the campaign will likely shift its challenge to the courts , if necessary . Regardless of the state party 's actions , McDaniel campaign spokesman Noel Fritsch said the candidate would "  in all likelihood , absolutely " file a suit in court . The runoff winner will face Democrat Travis Childers in November . Mississippi is a reliably Republican state . Mississippi primary spending surge pushes advertisers off the air	McDaniel 's lawyer claimed more than 15,000 cases of illegal or questionable ballots 3,500 of those are crossover votes from Democrats who were not allowed to vote in the runoff McDaniel has refused to concede since Cochran won the primary runoff
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Militant sources in Gaza tell CNN that a shoulder-launched anti-aircraft missile was used to try to shoot down an Israeli helicopter flying east of Gaza last week . It is significant because it is the first time a weapon of this type has been used against an Israeli aircraft , though the missile did not manage to hit its target . Hamas , which controls Gaza , has not commented on the incident . The weapon is said to be a Strela SA-7 and was smuggled in from the Sinai desert but originally came from Libya , according to a source in Gaza . Libya has been grappling with a huge number of unaccounted for weaponry since the revolution that toppled its dictator , Moammar Gadhafi , and left everything from mines and mortars to anti-aircraft missiles in the hands of its citizenry . No group has taken responsibility for firing the surface-to-air missile from Gaza . So far the Israeli military has declined comment and has not publicly acknowledged the provocation . Speaking on the condition of anonymity , a senior Israeli Army official told CNN there has been a significant change in the kind of weaponry being used by militant groups in Gaza since the Arab Spring . The weapons are more powerful and sophisticated than have been used in times past . In the past week , there has been an increase in rocket attacks from Gaza into Israel and subsequent air strikes by Israel on targets in Gaza . Israeli airstrike targets operatives in Gaza Hezbollah says it sent drone over Israel ; expert calls it ` rinky-dink '	Sources in Gaza : Shoulder-launched anti-aircraft missile was fired at an Israeli helicopter It is the first time a weapon of this type has been used against an Israeli aircraft Source in Gaza said the Strela SA-7 originally came from Libya
Lima , Peru -- Murder suspect Joran van der Sloot arrived Saturday at the Lima police headquarters in Peru , where he is facing charges that he killed a Peruvian woman . Van der Sloot , handcuffed and wearing a protective vest , was escorted through a news conference held by Peruvian authorities as photographers snapped photo after photo . The body of 21-year-old Stephany Flores Ramirez was found Wednesday in a Lima hotel room registered to van der Sloot , a Dutch citizen who was twice arrested and released in connection with the 2005 disappearance of American teenager Natalee Holloway in Aruba . Flores ' body was badly beaten and investigators believe a tennis racquet in the room was used in the killing , Carlos Gonzalo , spokesman for Peru 's Interior Ministry , told CNN . Despite reports that a baseball bat was the murder weapon , Gonzalo said there was not a baseball bat in the room . The Dutch Consulate is now involved in the case and has volunteered a defense attorney for van der Sloot , according to Carlos Neyra , a spokesman for the Peruvian Investigative Police . Gonzalo said van der Sloot has asked for his mother , though authorities could n't confirm whether she 's coming to Lima . Surveillance video from a casino on May 30 shows Flores and van der Sloot playing cards at the same table , he said . The woman won about 5,000 soles  about $ 1,755  , though it was not found in the room or the victim 's car , Gonzalo said . He said "  they found bloodied clothes with " van der Sloot and that investigators are testing them , as well as the tennis racquet , for DNA . He added that there is no other suspect connected to Flores ' death . A hotel worker is seen in a surveillance video speaking to van der Sloot as he is leaving the hotel , Gonzalo said . When investigators questioned the workers , he told them that van der Sloot told him "  do n't bother my girl . " Van der Sloot indicated that he would be returning to the room , according to the worker . The hotel workers became suspicious after no one else left the room , and eventually a foul smell came from it , Gonzalo said . It was n't immediately clear how much time lapsed between the conversation on video and workers noticing the smell . Chilean authorities delivered van der Sloot to their Peruvian counterparts on Friday in the border town of Santa Rosa , where he was greeted by hecklers and dozens of media personnel jostling for position to get a better picture of the Dutch citizen . The Dutch Consulate has told Peruvian authorities that it is not comfortable with the way van der Sloot has been presented to the media , Neyra said . The Peruvian Minister of the Interior is asking authorities not to talk about the case without his authorization . Paperwork showed that van der Sloot entered Chile the same day Flores ' body was found , Chilean police told CNN . He was captured in Chile on Thursday and transported to the border to be expelled , said Macarena Lopez , a spokeswoman for Interpol . The Chileans drove van der Sloot across the border to a Peruvian police station . He made a 100-foot walk from the car to the station as journalists pushed past a police line and a handful of hecklers rained loud and angry obscenities on the suspect 's head . Van der Sloot was taken inside the station for processing . From there , he was to be taken to the nearby town of Tacna and then flown to Lima . Holloway was on a high school graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba in 2005 when she disappeared . Van der Sloot was arrested twice in connection with the case but released both times . He denied any involvement and has not been charged . Van der Sloot also faces an arrest warrant on charges of extortion and wire fraud in Alabama , U.S. Attorney Joyce Vance said Thursday . The charges are unrelated to the killing of the Peruvian woman and deal with an attempt to sell details about Holloway for $ 250,000 , Vance said . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Dutch Consulate offers defense attorney to suspect Victim beaten by tennis racquet , authorities say Investigators testing for DNA on clothes , tennis racquet Van der Sloot facing charges of killing a Peruvian woman Dutch citizen arrested twice , released in 2005 disappearance of Alabama teen
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal prevented Novak Djokovic from reaching the semifinals of the ATP World Tour Finals and kept his own hopes alive by beating the Serbian in London on Friday night . The Spaniard notched his second Group A win this week , triumphing 7-5 6-2 in the season-ending men 's tournament . He will face Tomas Berdych on Friday in a rematch of this year 's Wimbledon final , with the Czech having earlier earned his first victory with a result that left American eighth seed Andy Roddick needing to win his final match in straight sets . Nadal is seeking to reach the final for the first time , having failed to win a match at the same venue last year . He defeated Djokovic in the U.S. Open final in September to complete his collection of Grand Slam titles , and needed to overcome a strong first-set challenge this time from the world No. 3 . Djokovic , who beat Berdych in his opening match , appeared to be the stronger player in the early games but then had his serve broken by Nadal before immediately replying in kind . Nadal broke again in the 11th game and held serve to claim the first set as Djokovic appeared troubled by problems with his contact lenses , then raced to a 4-0 lead in the second set before winning in one hour and 52 minutes . "  It was a very good match for me . I was very sorry for Novak for what happened with his eye , I hope he is okay . It was my best match in this tournament , " Nadal told reporters . The 23-year-old Djokovic said he was disappointed he was not given more time to solve his eye problem . "  I 'm just really annoyed by the fact that something like this can affect the match . It did because my right eye got irritated and from the five-all I could not see a ball , especially the return . It was just terrible , " he told AFP . "  I do n't want to find any excuses for my loss , but the fact of the matter is that I just could not play . I needed some time to make it right , but I did n't have time . Everybody was hurrying me up , saying come to the court , play your match . " Berdych , who lost to Nadal in the final of this year 's third Grand Slam in July , won 7-5 6-3 against Roddick as he saved two set-points at 4-5 on his serve in the opener . The 25-year-old then stunned his opponent with a winning forehand return off a 110-mile-per-hour second serve and was untroubled as he closed out the set . The sixth seed hit 28 winners and made 27 unforced errors , while winning 12 of 16 net approaches and serving six aces . "  The last couple of weeks , I was in this position many times but not often was I able to get back , to do a couple of good serves , get to deuce , then win the game , " Berdych said . "  That 's the thing that 's going to give you a lot of confidence . Then the next game I managed a quick break and that was the key to the match . " Roddick , who lost his opening match to Nadal after qualifying for the event for the eighth consecutive year , will play Djokovic in the closing Group A match on Friday evening . On Thursday , second seed Roger Federer takes on No. 4 Robin Soderling in their third Group B match , then Britain 's Andy Murray plays Spain 's David Ferrer . Federer has won both matches so far , while seventh seed Ferrer has lost his two . No. 5 Murray and Sweden 's Soderling both have a 1-1 record .	Rafael Nadal keeps his ATP World Tour Finals hopes alive by beating Novak Djokovic Serbian falls to his first defeat this week after suffering from eye problems Nadal 's 7-5 6-2 victory means that American Andy Roddick needs to win his final match Eighth seed earlier lost his second match , being beaten by Czech Tomas Berdych
CNN  Their challenge is the Dawn Wall . Professional climbers Tommy Caldwell and Kevin Jorgeson are in the middle of tackling this most difficult of challenges at Yosemite National Park 's El Capitan . There are many routes up El Capitan , a 3,000-foot-tall granite monolith that has long beckoned thrillseekers . But only a handful have been attempted by climbers trying to free climb -- using only their hands and feet -- with ropes designed only to catch them when they fall . And perhaps no route is more challenging than the Dawn Wall , which offers few footholds and may be the most difficult climb in the world . A Yosemite National Park official confirmed that if they succeed , Caldwell and Jorgeson would be the first to successfully free-climb the smooth cliff face . That 's why Caldwell and Jorgeson have spent several years planning and practicing their climb , assembling a support team that helps feed and care for them as they make their way up the wall . They chose to climb in winter so their hands wo n't sweat and there 's more friction between their rubber soles and the rock . They relieve themselves in plastic bags . They sleep at night in pitched tents suspended on the wall , with Caldwell waking up twice per night to apply lotion to his hands . They 've already been on the wall for more than 10 days . If all goes well , the climb should take a total of two to three weeks . Follow their journey on Caldwell and Jorgeson 's Instagram accounts , Caldwell and Jorgeson 's Facebook accounts and YouTube .	Two professional climbers are tackling El Capitan 's biggest challenge The Dawn Wall is a sheer cliff face in Yosemite National Park They are only using their hands and feet to climb upwards
CNN  -- And that 's not such a good thing . Today 's kids are less fit than their parents were at the same age , according to new research presented at the American Heart Association 's Scientific Sessions , and that could mean health problems later on . The fact that younger kids are huffing and puffing more than their parents did at their age does n't just mean they are n't in shape . It 's also a red flag that they may more vulnerable to certain chronic diseases as adults . Researchers from the University of South Australia 's School of Health Sciences analyzed and compared 50 studies on children 's running fitness between the years 1964 and 2010 . The studies included about 25 million kids between the ages 9 and 17 in 28 different countries . The researchers recorded running times over a specific time frame -- typically about five to 15 minutes -- or over a certain distance -- a half mile to two miles . They found that over the 46 years , the cardiovascular endurance -- measured by the times it took to run the various distances -- among kids declined significantly . From 1970 to 2000 , U.S. children 's cardiovascular endurance fell about 6 % per decade , and among all countries , it fell about 5 % each decade . In other words , today , kids are 15 % less fit than their parents were , and in the mile run , kids are about a minute and a half slower than children were 30 years ago . TIME.com : Study : More active teens get higher test scores The researchers say that cardiovascular fitness is one of the most important factors for good health , not just in childhood but in adulthood as well . "  If a young person is generally unfit now , then they are more likely to develop conditions like heart disease later in life , " said lead study author Grant Tomkinson in a statement . Currently , the Centers for Disease Control recommends that children get at least an hour of daily activity that involves the entire body , such as running , biking or swimming . Not only does the exercise benefit the body , but research shows that kids who are more physically active tend to do better in school too . This story was initially published on TIME.com . Are you fitter than your fifth grader ? Yes , you probably are & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Kids today are less fit than their parents were at the same age , research shows That could put them at risk for chronic diseases as adults The CDC recommends kids get an hour of exercise involving the entire body
CNN  -- Giant natural disasters have a way of putting everything in perspective . When it comes to politics , they sometimes put it all in the wrong perspective . With nature suddenly grabbing our attention with both hands and reminding us we have much less control over our world and our lives than we believed , everything else moves to the background . Like a diagnosis of a deadly disease or another personal tragedy , when the earth itself has unleashed its wrath , we look at all that transpires around us through the lens of the new overpowering reality . In the aftermath of a natural disaster , opinions about politicians , about leaders , can change . Covering natural disasters and politics around the world , I have seen people change political opinions . And then wish they had not . Politics : Will you be able to vote on Election Day ? A country 's leader will receive the credit or the blame for what comes during and after the event , somehow blinding many voters to all they knew about him or her before . Of course , the chief executive does bear responsibility . And the response to a major crisis should be used as one gauge of leadership . But there is a tendency to suffer temporary amnesia : Nothing matters but the reality of the moment . Everything else is clouded in a fog of temporary irrelevance . There are plenty of examples of a temporary surge of emotion following a disaster , which later receded into regret . Each country is different and no circumstances are identical . But it 's worth noting the experiences of other voters . Will Sandy affect your vote ? I arrived in Thailand not long after the massive earthquake and tsunami that devastated Asia in December of 2004 . Thai voters were scheduled to go to the polls just a few weeks later . Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra rolled up his sleeves and got to work on the crisis . He traveled to the regions wiped away by the tidal wave , he visited the survivors , showed himself on television leading the rescue and recovery effort , giving instructions to local officials , refusing international aid , declaring proudly that Thailand could take care of itself . The voters ate it up . Amid the devastation , anxiety and uncertainty , it was reassuring to see a man in charge . And the response was , for the most part , quite good . His approval ratings soared . Before the storm , Thaksin 's party was losing ground . But when the February elections came , voters turned out in droves for the prime minister 's party , giving him a landslide victory . The seeming consensus did not last long . Thaksin was eventually deposed and charged with corruption . He lives in exile . The Japanese earthquake , tsunami , and nuclear meltdown last year threw a political lifeline to then-Prime Minister Naoto Kan. . The prime minister , wearing worker 's clothes , appeared to be in control of the situation . But as time passed and the Japanese started questioning the government 's response to the disaster , his approval ratings collapsed and he ended up resigning . In 2007 , a violent earthquake shook Peru . President Alan Garcia moved his presidential offices to the disaster zone . He brought his cabinet with him and personally managed -- some say micro-managed -- the response . His political advisers were delighted with the impact . Polls showed 76 % of Peruvians approved of his handling of the crisis . His personal approval rating soared . After the crisis , the polls started sliding again , dropping to dismal levels , as if the earthquake and his heroic efforts had never happened . In Chile in 2010 , one of the world 's strongest earthquakes came just after an election . The outgoing government was criticized for failing on many fronts . The newly elected Sebastian PiÃ ± era benefited from the disaster . The businessman-turned-politician was praised for his effective management style , and he used it to give himself a lower baseline from which to be judged . "  This calamity is much deeper , much more damaging and much more serious than we thought , " he said . As others , his approval ratings were bolstered by his competent response to the disaster . But they later collapsed like a ramshackle building in an earthquake . Voters discovered there was more to a good presidency than an impressive display of post-earthquake leadership . When the response is ineffectual and it fits in with a particular narrative , however , the impact can be indelible . That was the case with George W. Bush and Katrina . The "  heck of a job , Brownie " cluelessness matched an impression of carelessness and incompetence . Natural disasters , like violent storms , can reshape the political landscape . Sometimes the topography returns to its previous state . Sometimes it is changed forever . When a major calamity strikes just before an election , it is a test for politicians , as many have observed . That 's why in the United States , with just a week to go before the presidential election , both camps are handling the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy with excruciating political care . That 's the politicians ' challenge . Opinion : Sandy debunks ` nanny state ' There is also an important -- an even more important -- challenge for voters . This is a time of maximum manipulation . It is a time when political operators will seek to mold perceptions to craft a political outcome ; to score votes . Voters must make a superhuman effort to not let the storm carry any more weight than it deserves in their judgment of politicians ; not to let the storm wash away the knowledge about the candidates and their ideas accumulated over a much longer period . The storm and its aftermath do matter . We want a president who is competent and capable , able to guide the country through a crisis . But there is more . A presidency is more than crisis management . The storm has indeed given us useful information . It has reminded us of topics ignored during the campaign , such as climate change . It has cast a spotlight on the need to have a strong enough government to handle huge , sudden challenges . And it has put an interesting twist on the idea of privatizing emergency disaster operations . We should keep in mind that much of what we see the candidates doing at this very moment amounts to political theater . As American voters see images and hear stories of death and destruction , of water gushing into subway tunnels , of ferocious winds toppling construction cranes , of homes burning , of hospital workers carrying critical patients down emergency stairs , and of brave efforts to recover , it 's crucial to remember this is an important moment , but it is not the only moment , not the only test to determine who should be the next president . Because choosing the wrong president could prove an even greater disaster . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis has seen disasters around the world change people 's vote Approval ratings soar or plummet depending on disaster performance , she says Ghitis : Both political camps are handling the aftermath of Sandy with exact care Voters must keep in mind all the candidate stood for before disaster happened , she says
CNN  -- Ten years ago this week , then-Secretary of State Colin Powell declared that genocide had been committed in Darfur and that the government of Sudan and the janjaweed bore responsibility for those acts . Even though it did not actually trigger a legal obligation to act , many hoped that using the "  g word " meant that the United States was crossing the Rubicon and committing itself to stopping the violence in Darfur , Sudan 's most troubled region . The janjaweed , however , are still at large in Darfur -- and with the Sudanese government 's help , they are now arguably more powerful than ever . It is this reality that makes it so disturbing that the United Nations recently declared that getting weapons out of this militant group 's hands is no longer "  relevant " to their work . After all , janjaweed fighters formed the backbone of the genocidal attack forces that the Sudanese government unleashed on Darfur 11 years ago . When the spotlight finally fell on the ethnically motivated killing in the region , it was clear that these men committed some of the very worst crimes against humanity . The looming specter of their attacks kept displaced Darfuri refugees trapped in camps and , as long as the janjaweed were at large , their victims would not be able to go home . In recognition of this reality , the U.N. Security Council ordered the Sudanese government to take steps to disarm the janjaweed , but it did little toward this goal . Fast forward to last month , and the Security Council voted to keep peacekeepers in Darfur for another 10 months . At a time when budgets are already stretched , the vote was hailed as a final lease of life for the mission , which has been accused of covering up its failure to protect Darfuri civilians . But buried among small technical tweaks to the mandate 's language , the Security Council made a huge concession to the government of Sudan by deeming aspects of the peacekeepers ' work -- including monitoring , verifying , and promoting efforts to disarm the militias -- "  no longer relevant . " Why has this happened ? Some have argued that any attempt to disarm the janjaweed was doomed to fail because , in practice , taking away their weapons would also mean taking weapons away from Darfur 's powerful Arab tribes . Others said that it was hard to know who exactly the "  janjaweed " were . But with its latest resolution , the United Nations seems to be saying , in effect , the janjaweed are no longer of concern . The facts on the ground show just the opposite . Today , the same brutal forces that carried out those crimes remain the primary threat to civilian security in Darfur . Indeed , the janjaweed have been openly embraced by the government of Sudan . And despite for years denying it had any connection to the fighters marauding across Darfur , the government has , under the banner of the Rapid Support Forces , allegedly welcomed many of these brutal fighters back to the scene of their old crimes , in uniform and newly armed and equipped . Already this year , the Rapid Support Forces have reportedly been in Darfur , South Kordofan , and Blue Nile , where they have been accused of burning civilian areas to the ground , raping women , and displacing non-Arab civilians from their homes . In exchange , the Sudanese government has showered these janjaweed reincarnate with praise and rewards . By giving these forces a new name and official status , the Sudanese government seems to have convinced the Security Council that Darfuris are no longer living under the threat of janjaweed attacks . Just as bad , the United Nations seems reluctant to even use the word janjaweed , at least according to Aicha el Basri , a former spokeswoman for the operation , who wrote in Foreign Policy that "  since the deployment of UNAMID in 2008 , only one mention of the word janjaweed has appeared in the more than 30 reports that -LSB- the UN -RSB- has issued on Darfur . " In declaring that efforts to disarm these fighters are no longer relevant , the United Nations effectively endorsed the Sudanese government 's flimsy claim that things in Darfur are getting better . Meanwhile , the killing continues .	Ten years ago this week , Colin Powell declared that genocide had been committed in Darfur Janjaweed fighters formed the backbone of attack forces unleashed on Darfur , says Akshaya Kumar Security Council has voted to keep peacekeepers in Darfur for another 10 months , Kumar says But Kumar argues new guidelines overlook ongoing threat posed by fighters
Niger Delta , Nigeria  CNN  -- The young man , his body glistening with black oil and sweat , poured more oil onto the fire . The flames roared , heating two barrels of oil to explosive temperatures . He escaped to a safer distance , a slight smile breaking his grim face - -- he had survived . "  This job is very dangerous , " he explains , asking to remain anonymous . "  The smoke , the heat - -- I can not count the number of people who have died in explosions because they can not escape the flames . " He is risking his life trying to refine diesel from oil in the swamps of Nigeria 's oil-rich Niger Delta . The contraption looks like a crude school science project . The aim is to boil two barrels of oil to evaporate the diesel which then passes down a rusted pipe , cooled by water , and drips slowly out into a container at the other end . Heating oil to such temperatures with such basic equipment is dangerous . Having the distilled diesel only a few meters from a naked flame can be lethal . The surrounding trees and earth are blackened from the flames and explosions . The four young men working the illegal refineries stand a respectable distance from the flames until it is their turn to pour more oil on the fire . Nigeria is the fifth-largest oil exporter to the U.S. but little money from the country 's oil industry has been invested in its main oil-producing region -- the Niger Delta . Taken out over the region in a Shell helicopter , the illegal oil-refining sites look like small pockets of hell - - scorched earth with great flames leaping up from small dark craters . From the air , Shell facilities that have been attacked and the subsequent oil spills can be seen . The oil companies , the government and the communities below are locked in a battle of blame over who is responsible for the cycle of violence . Meanwhile , the region is being plundered . There is little development and the majority of people live on less that $ 2 a day , despite the region 's vast oil wealth . And at the heart of the problem is corruption -- - billions of dollars worth of oil are being stolen in a massive illegal business known as "  oil bunkering . " "  I would put the figure at about 100,000 barrels a day , " explains Mutiu Sunmonu , the Managing Director of Shell . "  Some of it is stolen in tankers . " Sold abroad for a price of $ 60 a barrel , 100,000 barrels would be worth more than $ 2 billion a year . On Monday , the crude oil futures market surged past $ 80 a barrel to its highest levels in three months . No-one has been prosecuted but reports accuse local politicians and the military of heavy involvement . The young men at the illegal refineries however collect their oil in dugout canoes , not tankers . They are not the major players . And they say they are tired of receiving all the blame and none of the money from Nigeria 's oil industry . But when I asked if he saw a way out he simply shook his head . Then he turned and ran to put more oil on the fire before it died out .	Illegal refineries distill diesel from crude oil by heating over naked flames Worker : "  I can not count the number of people who have died in explosions " Nigeria is major oil exporter , but most in Niger Delta live on less than $ 2 a day Shell managing director estimates around 100,000 barrels stolen a day
RollingStone.com  -- Canada 's broadcast regulator , the Canadian Radio-Television and Telecommunications Commission , has put pressure on the Canadian Broadcast Standards Council to reconsider its decision to ban Dire Straits ' 1985 hit "  Money for Nothing " from Canadian airwaves for including an anti-gay slur . The CRTC received more then 250 complaints about the CBSC 's decision to remove the song , which is a long-established staple of rock radio stations . Many of the complaints were understandably confused about the distinction between the two organizations : The CRTC is a federal watchdog agency and the CBSC is a non-government industry group set up by private broadcasters to set ethical standards . RollingStone.com : This week in photos Confusion about the authority of the CBSC has led to uncertainty about how to enforce the ruling among many Canadian radio stations . The CBSC 's regional panel had only sanctioned the station in St. John 's , Newfoundland where the original complaint about the song originated . The CRTC has sent a letter urging the CBSC to more thoughtfully examine the artistic intent of the Dire Straits tune , taking into account that it has been played countless times over the past 25 years . See the original article at RollingStone.com Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Canadian Federal Watchdog urging council to reconsider ban of Dire Straits song 1985 hit "  Money for Nothing " banned from airwaves for including anti-gay slur CRTC received more then 250 complaints about the CBSC 's decision
CNN  -- Joan Rivers remains on life support five days after suffering respiratory and cardiac arrest during a medical procedure , her daughter said Tuesday . Melissa Rivers has shared few details with the public about her mother 's condition since she was rushed to Manhattan 's Mount Sinai Hospital Thursday . "  On behalf of my mother and our family , we are extremely grateful for all the love and support we 've received , " she said in her latest statement . "  At this time she does remain on life support . I know my mother would be overwhelmed by the continued outpouring of kindness and I want to thank everyone for keeping us in their prayers . " The Rivers family 's previous statement Sunday said they were "  keeping our fingers crossed . " The Cleveland Clinic explains what being on life support means : "  Life support replaces or supports a failing bodily function . When patients have curable or treatable conditions , life support is used temporarily until the illness or disease can be stabilized and the body can resume normal functioning . At times , the body never regains the ability to function without life support . " Rivers , 81 , stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic Thursday morning , according to the New York Fire Department . She apparently suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest during a procedure . She was listed in critical condition in New York 's Mount Sinai Hospital , where paramedics took her by ambulance . Rivers was undergoing an apparently minor elective procedure at the clinic , which is about a mile away from the hospital where she was taken . Despite her age , Rivers was a busy comedian . She had been scheduled to tape new episodes of the E! show "  Fashion Police " with her daughter in New York this week , but the tapings have been canceled , a network spokeswoman said . She performed her comedy act at New York 's Laurie Beechman Theatre last Wednesday night and was booked to perform at the Count Basie Theater in Red Bank , New Jersey , on Friday . Michael Lucas , who was in the audience for Rivers ' last show Wednesday night , told CNN that she joked about death . "  She said , ` You know I 'm 81 years old , and I could drop dead at any moment and you would be so lucky because you will have a story to tell your friends for the rest of your life , ' " Lucas said . "  Then she mimicked people talking about what it was like to see her drop dead on stage . " Joan Rivers ` stands behind ' Gaza quotes CNN 's Jennifer Bixler , Carolyn Sung and Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	Rivers ' daughter has shared few details about mother 's condition The Rivers family 's previous statement said they "  are keeping our fingers crossed " Rivers stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic Thursday She was undergoing an apparently minor elective procedure at the clinic
CNN  -- At the age of 12 , Stephen Wolfram was reading college physics textbooks and toying around with a computer roughly "  the size of a large desk . With 8K of 18-bit words of core memory . And programmed with paper tape . " By the age of 20 , he had gotten his Ph.D. and was on his way to inventing his own computational system . But last year , at the age of 50 , Wolfram launched what may be his most ambitious effort -- Wolfram | Alpha , a knowledge engine that answers users ' questions on the Web by computing answers in real time with the help of a vast collection of databases . In a talk at the TED2010 conference in February , Wolfram outlined the potential of the Alpha engine and talked more broadly about using computing to understand physics and model the universe . Learn more about Stephen Wolfram at TED.com He talked in greater detail about the development of Wolfram | Alpha by videoconference at the 50 Years of Public Computing at the University of Illinois conference at Urbana-Champaign on April 15 . Here are excerpts from that talk :  A complete version is available here . "  A year ago , we launched Wolfram | Alpha . "  It was quite tense . The culmination of about five years of work and 25 more years of previous development . An absurdly ambitious project that I had n't been sure was going to be possible at all . "  Our long-term goal was -- and is -- to make all the world 's systematic knowledge computable . To take all the data , and models , and methods that our civilization has accumulated -- and set it up so that it can immediately be used to compute answers to whatever questions people ask . "  There 's a long , long history to this basic idea . -LSB- German mathematician Gottfried -RSB- Leibniz was talking about a version of it 300 years ago . And 50 years ago , when computers were young , it seemed like it would n't be long before it was possible . "  But people mostly thought that it 'd happen by computers managing to emulate brains -- and pulling in knowledge and processing like we humans do . Well , I myself am right now 50 years old ... and , as perhaps I 'll show you later , I 'd actually been thinking about globally systematizing knowledge since I was a kid . "  It was about 30 years ago when I first started thinking about making knowledge broadly computable . And at the time I concluded it 'd require solving the whole problem of artificial intelligence -- and was way out of reach . But then I spent the next 25 years doing things that , as I 'll explain , finally made me think : Maybe , just maybe this computable knowledge idea is n't so out of reach . "  I must say that at first I still did n't know if it was only not out of reach in the 50-year-type time frame . Or the 20-year . Or the five-year . But I decided that we should give it a try . "  It had all started with some abstract intellectual ideas . And now , in the end , it had turned into millions of lines of code , terabytes of data -- and 10,000 servers that we 'd just been finishing assembling . "  Some news had come out about our project , so there was a lot of anticipation . And we knew there 'd be a big spike in people wanting to try out what we 'd done . "  We 'd obviously done lots of testing . But we really did n't have any idea what would happen when millions of people actually started accessing our system . "  But we thought : Let 's let as many people as possible share the experience of finding out . "  So we decided to do a live webcast of the moment when we actually made our system live to the world . "  Well , actually , the day of the event I was thinking : this is going to be such boring TV . All that 's going to happen is that at some moment we 'll push a virtual button , and everything will go live . "  Well , needless to say , it did n't stay boring long . "  Early in the day , we had finally finished assembling all our servers -- and were able to switch them all on . And ... oh my gosh ... lots of stuff did n't work . "  Well , at the appointed time we started the live webcast . And still things were n't working . There was a horrible networking and load-balancing problem . "  We 'd advertised 9 p.m. as our go-live time . We figured at that time on Friday evening most people would n't be thinking about us ... so we 'd have a comparatively soft launch . "  Well , with perhaps 15 minutes to go , we 'd finally solved the main technical problem . "  You know , some people had said when you look at other peoples ' control rooms they often have television weather and news playing . Perhaps we should have that too . "  I said bah , we wo n't need that . This is just a computer thing . We do n't care if it 's raining . "  Well , fortunately we did actually have good weather and news feeds . Because this was May in the Midwest . And as it turned out , with perhaps 30 minutes to go , there was another problem . Here , we can actually look at live Wolfram | Alpha to find out about it . -LSB- By typing in "  weather champaign may 15 2009 , " a chart was generated of wind speed in Champaign , Illinois , for that date . -RSB- "  See that giant spike in wind speed just before 8pm ? That was a tornado . Approaching our location . Well , we had backup generators -- and of course we had several remote co-location sites for our servers . "  But still , we had a tornado coming straight for us . "  Well , fortunately , at the last minute , it turned away . And the power did n't even go out . So at 9:33:50 p.m. central time on May 15 , 2009 , I pressed the button , and Wolfram | Alpha went live . "  And our giant project was launched -- out of the starting gate . "	Scientist Stephen Wolfram seeking to make world 's knowledge computable He developed a Web site that provides instant computation relying on massive databases Wolfram is seeking to answer fundamental questions about the universe through computing
CNN  -- Two concerned mothers have been all over TV screens recently , but unlike most of the mothers who have made appearances on TV of late , they are not concerned about health care reform . Kate Gosselin , here smiling at a press event in April , has been making the talk show rounds . "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 's " Kate Gosselin -- minus estranged husband Jon and the kids -- did a teary interview with Meredith Vieira on NBC 's "  Today " last week ; and on Wednesday , Fox will air a two-hour special featuring Nadya "  Octomom " Suleman , the single California woman who gave birth to octuplets in January . Suleman and Gosselin have already received more than their proverbial 15 minutes of fame -- so should the media , particularly the news media , continue to fill the airwaves with stories and interviews of these two women ? Howard Kurtz posed this question to a panel of media experts Sunday on CNN 's "  Reliable Sources . " Lisa Bloom , a CNN legal analyst , said the media may be feeding a public appetite for these stories , but not without a price . Watch the debate over the TV moms " "  How sad , really , that there 's this insatiable appetite among American news consumers for stories like that -- about people 's shortcomings . Is this the first time somebody has had a divorce , or in Octomom 's case , is this the first time that somebody has been a lousy parent ? " Bloom asked . "  We are fiddling while Rome burns , covering these stories ad nauseam . " David Zurawik , television and media critic for The Baltimore Sun , said there is a legitimate sociological debate occurring about why there is public interest in these "  characters , " and why the media continue to cover them . "  That 's not enough just that -LSB- the audience cares -RSB- about them , " Zurawik said . "  But here 's what 's going on with Kate Gosselin , at least . People are judging their own lives . They 're judging themselves as parents . They 're judging themselves as wives . They 're judging themselves as families against her . And that 's really important . "  Look , " he continued , "  she is the most talked-about , the most discussed representation or image of motherhood on American television . Think back to the '50s , with Barbara Billingsley from ` Leave It to Beaver ' and all those books and dissertations are written about them . We should care about her . " Zurawik said critics of the coverage are voicing "  a nice high-minded argument for Sunday morning TV . " Gosselin , who also appeared on "  Live ! with Regis & Kelly " on Thursday , has her fair share of critics , particularly in the tabloid media  who have , nevertheless , been willing to follow her every move  . However , few mothers have been criticized more in the press than Nadya Suleman . Suleman , who gave birth to octuplets January as a result of being implanted with six embryos , has a total of 14 children under the age of 8 . News of her collecting public assistance for some of her children outraged many taxpayers . Suleman has not been portrayed as a sympathetic figure in the press , but could the "  Octomom " special on Fox do anything to turn her image around ? Lola Ogunnaike , a popular culture reporter , is skeptical . "  I doubt it . I highly doubt it . I think that she 's hoping that this will , in many ways , lead to something even bigger . But people really do see her as a villain , " Ogunnaike said . "  Fox is also banking on that , and that 's why they did n't actually give her a full reality series . They 're sort of testing the waters with this show and seeing -- if she does , indeed , draw ratings . " Bloom said she has personal experience in trying to get what she believes are important stories about people in remote countries on the air , only to be passed over for tabloid stories . "  I have personally pitched stories like the Cambodian war crimes tribunal . ... That 's an important legal story . You ca n't get those stories on the air , " she said . "  Why ? Because we want stories with sex , with bad parents , with people like Octomom . " Kurtz asked if either "  Octomom " or the "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " sagas could fade from the media spotlight after Gosselin and Suleman 's TV shows this week . Ogunnaike said the opposite is likely true . "  There could be more , unfortunately , " she said .	CNN 's "  Reliable Sources " focused on Kate Gosselin , Nadya Suleman coverage Legal analyst Lisa Bloom : "  We are fiddling while Rome burns " Baltimore Sun TV critic David Zurawik : "  We should care about -LSB- Gosselin -RSB- "
CNN  -- Trayvon Martin went out to buy some Skittles -- and was shot dead before he made it home . The case is horrifying , maddening , grotesque . And -- perhaps worst of all -- there may be nothing Florida law enforcement can do about it . As the world now knows , the 17-year-old Martin walked to a store in Orlando to buy some snacks on the night of February 26 . George Zimmerman , a volunteer Neighborhood Watch captain , thought the boy looked suspicious and called 911 . The 911 operator told Zimmerman to keep his distance -- police would be sent -- but there was a confrontation between Zimmerman and Martin . Martin was killed with a single shot to the chest . Florida authorities have not arrested Zimmerman , and federal authorities recently joined the investigation . The legal question at the heart of the case involves Florida 's so-called "  stand your ground " law , which the legislature passed , at the behest of the National Rifle Association , in 2005 . Before that time , Florida law resembled that of most other states ; during confrontations , individuals had a duty to retreat rather than to respond to provocations . Under the new law , a person is allowed to use deadly force if he is in a place he has a right to be and feels reasonably threatened with serious harm . Weigh in on the Trayvon Martin case , share your thoughts on iReport In this case , then , the question is whether Zimmerman was in such a place and felt reasonably threatened . The 911 operator told Zimmerman to keep his distance from Martin , but Zimmerman had a right to be on the street . That 's where neighborhood watch volunteers work . Clearly , the question at the heart of the case is whether Zimmerman reasonably felt threatened . On this issue , the evidence currently seems murky . There appears to have been some sort of confrontation between Zimmerman and Martin . Police found Zimmerman with an injury to his head . Most important -- and most tragic -- the police will hear only one side of the story about this confrontation . Trayvon is not around to tell his story . The continuing investigation will surely focus on finding other witnesses . The facts of this case show why the "  stand your ground " law is so important . The law focuses on the subjective understanding of the shooter . Was his understanding of the situation "  reasonable " ? Ultimately , that would be a question for the jury to decide , but it still gives a lot of deference to the perpetrator of a violent act . The new law even allows a disproportionate response ; if someone comes at you with a fist , you can reply with a gun . In light of the shift in the law , it 's not surprising that since the law went into effect , reports of justifiable homicides have tripled , according to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement . Another case under litigation in Florida highlights the effect of the law . In September 2010 , David James was playing basketball with his 8-year-old daughter on an outdoor court in Valrico . A boy was skateboarding on the court at the same time , and Trevor Dooley , a man who lived in the area , told the boy he should n't be skateboarding there . James stood up for the boy , and he and Dooley had a confrontation . Dooley was carrying a gun and wound up shooting James dead . Dooley asserted that he felt threatened by James , and has asked that the case be dismissed before trial under the "  stand your ground " law .  The judge will soon make a ruling . In both of these cases -- in the deaths of both James and Martin -- the legal defense for the shooters appears to rely almost completely on the "  stand your ground " law . In the death of David James , prosecutors are doing their best against tough odds . In the death of Trayvon Martin , it 's prosecutors who are taking the heat for failing , thus far , to bring any charges against George Zimmerman . But this outrage , understandable though it is , might be directed somewhere else as well . The Florida legislators who voted for the "  stand your ground " law -- and Gov. Jeb Bush , who signed it -- have something to answer for as well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Toobin .	Jeffrey Toobin : Trayvon Martin , 17 , was shot dead out buying candy in horrifying case "  Stand your ground " law allows killing if shooter feels "  reasonably " threatened , he says Toobin : Law means alleged shooter 's killing is justified by his own perception of threat Trayvon no longer here to give his side , Toobin says
CNN  -- Greece is in a state of political turmoil sparked by Prime Minister George Papandreou 's call earlier this week for a referendum on the latest bailout package from Europe . A confidence vote in his government is scheduled for Friday night -- in the meantime , uncertainty rules . The crisis is unfolding as leaders of the G-20 group of nations meet in Cannes , France , for economic talks , amid fears that a debt default in Greece could send shock waves through the global economy . So what could come next for Greece ? Analysts see several potential scenarios . The vote of confidence in Papandreou 's government is expected to go ahead as planned , despite discussions Thursday on the formation of an interim coalition or national unity government . If he wins the confidence vote , he could claim a fresh mandate for his ruling Socialist PASOK party -- although even some within his party think its days in charge are numbered . Senior PASOK lawmaker Tilemachos Chytiris told Greek state TV channel ERT that ideally Papandreou would win the vote , but a national unity government would then be formed . If he loses the vote , the government would go into caretaker status until early elections can be held , said Heather Conley , senior fellow and director of the Europe Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies and a former U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state . "  What 's a foregone conclusion is that Papandreou would have to step down and allow a technocratic government that would receive the full support of parliament to be that caretaker , " she said . In another scenario , the leader of the main opposition New Democracy party said Thursday that his party could enter a coalition government with the PASOK party , as an interim stage leading to new elections . Papandreou 's office said he is prepared to enter a national unity government with the opposition , but rejected the condition that early elections be held . Opposition leader Antonis Samaras later Thursday said Papandreou should step down and called for snap elections within six weeks . Under Greek law , a vote can not be held until at least 30 days after elections are called , meaning that the Greek people would go to the polls in early December at the soonest . In that case , it would be likely that the conservatives would win the most votes but would not have a parliamentary majority , forcing them to form a coalition government , said Kostas Gemenis , an assistant professor of politics at the University of Twente in the Netherlands . That coalition could include far-right parties or PASOK , but with the New Democracy lawmakers in the driver 's seat . The conservatives have said Greece needs to bargain harder with Europe on any deal . Another scenario is that PASOK and the conservatives join in a longer-term grand coalition , or unity , government . That option would give greater stability , as it would avoid elections , and could ensure that Greece stayed in the euro and the European Union , said Gemenis . As for the planned referendum , the likelihood of it taking place appears to be diminishing . Papandreou told his Cabinet Thursday he was backing off from a referendum vote because the opposition New Democracy party had agreed to the need to pass austerity measures required by the bailout . And the office of Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos said Friday he had confirmed to the European Commission that the referendum had been scrapped . That news would certainly come as a relief to Europe 's leaders . German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy warned Papandreou in Cannes Wednesday that Greece would have to leave the euro zone if voters rejected the bailout plan . But Greece could find it hard to put the cat back in the bag now it 's been allowed out , Conley said . Although some observers say the referendum will not survive if Papandreou does not , she foresees a scenario where the Greek people demand a say in decisions that will affect them , and their country , for decades . She warns it could also lead to the governments of other countries , such as the United Kingdom and Italy , facing calls for difficult decisions to be put them to a referendum . The recent crisis has prompted talk of a "  democracy deficit , " she said , as people in the different countries within the European Union complain that they have no say in important issues . Defiance of Europe 's wishes would come at a substantial cost for Greece . At stake is a deal that would wipe out 100 billion euros in Greek debt , half of what it owes to private creditors , and a promise of 30 billion euros from the public sector to help pay off some of the remaining debts . That makes the whole deal worth 130 billion euros  $ 178 billion  . If its people vote "  no " to the bailout plan , European leaders have made clear they will not hand over a sixth tranche of European funds from a previously agreed bailout . The Greek government is expected to run out of money in mid-November , and that 8 billion euro  about $ 10.9 billion  tranche is needed to keep it afloat . There are already signs that Greece 's domestic banking system is starting to seize up amid the doubts over future European funding , Conley said . As for the euro zone -- the group of 17 European nations that use the euro as currency -- the top priority will be to stop the turmoil in Greece spreading beyond its borders . Ahead of the G-20 summit , U.S. President Barack Obama made clear that the stakes were high for everyone and that "  contagion " must be prevented . "  The most important task for us is to resolve the financial crisis here in Europe , " he said , adding that the United States will "  continue to be a partner with Europe to resolve these issues . " Paola Subacchi , research director in international economics at the London-based Chatham House think tank , said it was imperative that a robust firewall be put in place around Greece to stop other countries being dragged down . Such a firewall would include a better-funded European bailout find and flexible credit for countries caught up on the margins of the crisis , she said . She predicts that whatever the fate of Papandreou 's government , Greece is likely to be in a state of political paralysis for some time . Europe must put provisions in place to allow Greece to leave the euro , if that becomes necessary , with minimum damage , she said . "  The priority now is to focus not on Greece but on the rest of Europe , in particular Italy , which is the country most likely to be affected , " she said . A joint statement from European Council president Herman Van Rompuy and European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso at the G-20 reiterated Europe 's commitment to keeping the euro zone above water . "  Europe is fully aware of its responsibility in these difficult times . We , as the world 's largest market , have to play a major role in the global recovery , " they said . CNN 's Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : Some in Papandreou 's party say a national unity government is needed PM George Papandreou faces a confidence vote late Friday The main opposition leader calls for him to resign and for snap elections Greece has to accept tough bailout terms if it wants to stay in the eurozone
CNN  -- Microsoft kept its eyes forward and revealed what is coming for the Xbox One this year and next at its 2014 Electronic Entertainment Expo briefing in Los Angeles , California . However , it is what they did n't talk about that might be more interesting . Phil Spencer , head of the Xbox division at the Redmond , Washington , company hosted nearly 90 minutes of gameplay demonstrations , cinematic trailers , and the company 's vision for its home entertainment console . But unlike last year , when the company rolled out its Xbox One console heavily touting its connection to Kinect , the troubled hands-free controller only got one brief mention during a segment on independent development . There also were no mentions of other forms of entertainment on the console in the software-focused presentation . "  It fits the strategy of turning around 180 degrees , " said German gaming journalist Stephan Freundorfer . "  Last year , they showed very little gaming . This year , they showed nothing but games . " Microsoft originally bundled the Xbox One and the Kinect system together -- saying it was the best way to enjoy entertainment on the console . Recently , they said they were heeding customer feedback when the company released an Xbox One without the Kinect at a cheaper price . "  It is a risky game they are playing , " Freundorfer said . "  Game makers now have to make the decision whether to make games with the Kinect . " Earlier this month , 45 new entertainment apps were made available , offering more content choices through the Xbox One . But that was all absent from Monday 's event . Even more peculiar , Spencer mentioned Sony and Nintendo by name and offered praise to those companies for joining Microsoft in shaping the future of entertainment the best way they know how -- through gaming . He said the entire briefing would be about gaming and promised a slate of titles for this year , plus a strong look at next year and beyond . The greatest reaction came when Master Chief , the iconic character from the "  Halo " franchise , appeared on the screen . "  Halo 5 : Guardians " is expected to be a personal journey for Chief . The creators at 343 Industries wanted players to remember where Chief came from , so this fall , "  Halo : Master Chief Collection " will contain all four previous games , completely unlocked and playable in a seamless sequence up to the beginning of "  Halo 5 . " There is also content coming to mark the 10th anniversary of "  Halo 2 . " Other third-party titles showed off what 's to come this year on the Xbox One . "  Call of Duty : Advanced Warfare , " "  Assassin 's Creed Unity , " and "  Disney Fantasia : Music Evolved , " are part of the strong slate of games that will be available by the end of the year . Looking to 2015 and beyond , a world-premier video showed the next chapter for protagonist Lara Croft with "  Lara Croft : Rise of the Tomb Raider . " Independent game makers were also highlighted by the computing giant . Hundreds of new games are expected as more creative talent takes advantage of ID@Xbox, a publishing platform for independent developers . The program offers indie companies the chance to build , hone , develop , and self-publish games on the Xbox One . Spencer closed the show reiterating Microsoft 's commitment to building and developing great games . "  We are ready to invest to bring new creators to the Xbox One , " Spencer said , adding the investment will "  shape the future of the New Xbox . " It was n't quite the buzz of last year 's presentation of a new console . But Monday 's showcase perhaps signaled a renewed focus for Microsoft on what makes gamers happy : games .	Microsoft 's E3 presentation had virtually no mention of the Kinect system By contrast , the company highlighted its use with Xbox One last year Entertainment apps also were shunned in favor of game talk Upcoming "  Halo 5 , " got the crowd excited
CNN  -- Colombia is preparing to hand over to U.S. officials a Dallas teenager who was mistakenly deported after she ran away from home more than a year ago , the South American country 's foreign ministry said in a statement Thursday night . Jakadrien Turner will be turned over to diplomatic officials Friday so she can be transported to the United States , the statement said . But the foreign ministry did not say when -- or how -- that will happen . The U.S. Embassy in Bogota is working with Colombian authorities but can not provide additional details "  due to privacy considerations , " said a U.S. State Department official who asked to remain anonymous per department policy . Jakadrien somehow wound up deported to Colombia after U.S. authorities mistook the girl , who lacked identification , for a Colombian national . Family members said Thursday night that they were thrilled at the news that the 15-year-old would be returning home . "  It 's a giant step . I 'm relieved , but I wo n't be completely relieved until I get her in my arms again , " the girl 's mother , Johnisa Turner , said . "  A weight has definitely been lifted . " Grandmother Lorene Turner said U.S. Embassy officials called with the news that her granddaughter would be turned over to U.S. officials . "  When I heard those words I did n't hear nothing else . I flipped out . I ca n't wait , " she said . But Jakadrien 's family was still demanding to know why immigration authorities deported the teen -- a U.S. citizen with no knowledge of Spanish -- and why they simply took her at her word when she gave them a fake name . The teen 's family had been searching for her since she ran away in the fall of 2010 . Her grandmother scoured Facebook looking for the girl , viewing Jakadrien 's friends ' pages for any information . "  There 's no words , " Johnisa Turner told CNN of the ordeal . "  It has n't been easy at all . " The Colombian Institute for Family Welfare confirmed Thursday that Turner is in its custody , is pregnant , and entered the country as an adult . The institute said Colombian authorities learned about the case a month ago . After Jakadrien went missing , the family managed to track her to Houston , where she worked at a DJ club under a different name . They tried to get help from authorities there , to no avail . Then , to the family 's surprise , they learned their teenage daughter was in Colombia , partying with men and smoking marijuana . They later learned from a detective that Jakadrien was pregnant . How Jakadrien got to Colombia is a mystery to the family . The Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency maintains she was arrested in Houston for theft and told them she was an adult from Colombia . The agency says authorities believed her story because she maintained her false identity throughout the process . They handed her over to an immigration judge , who ordered her removed from the country . "  At no time during these criminal proceedings was her identity determined to be false , " the agency says . It says criminal database searches and biometric verification revealed no information to invalidate Jakadrien 's claims . The family 's attorney , Ray Jackson , says it does n't make sense . "  They dropped the ball , " he said . He says the immigration agency took Jakadrien 's fingerprints but failed to match them to the name she gave . The name matched a woman wanted by Interpol , Jackson says , so they "  shipped her on through . " The agency says it is taking the allegations very seriously and is "  fully and immediately investigating the matter in order to expeditiously determine the facts of the case . " For months , family members said they frantically searched for signs of the missing teen . Jakadrien had run away once before , two weeks earlier , her mother said , and Jakadrien told her the family did n't give her enough freedom . Her good grades at school had dropped off , something Turner blamed on the normal problems of teenagers . In addition , Jakadrien 's grandfather , her mother 's father , had recently died . Turner said she contacted Dallas police , the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , and Dallas transportation authorities . Nothing ever came of it , she said . Grandmother Lorene Turner said she then started following Jakadrien 's best friend on Facebook . She eventually tracked her granddaughter to Houston , where she worked at a club under the name Tika Cortez . Johnisa Turner said she saw Jakadrien 's face on the marquee on her birthday . "  Oh my god , " the mother said when she saw it . "  Is this really happening ? Is that my child ? " A picture on Cortez 's Facebook page further confirmed for the family that the girl with the different name was their daughter . The picture had been taken of Jakadrien with her grandmother . Though her grandmother had been cut out of the picture , her hair still showed on the edge . Her mother said she told Dallas authorities what she had found . Then , Jakadrien 's Facebook page suddenly said she was in Colombia . The family later learned she had been arrested in Houston for shoplifting , but they say they had no idea how she wound up in Colombia after the arrest . The family 's concerns grew when the detective told them that Jakadrien is pregnant , her mother said . Johnisa Turner said she believes her daughter was coerced along the way , with someone promising her something that led her to maintain a fake story about who she is . Jackson says he believes something more sinister is going on . "  There has to be something behind this 15-year-old girl ending up in Colombia , besides the fact that ICE dropped the ball , " he said . "  Of all the nicknames ... to pick one that 's of Latino descent , for that to be a name that sticks and gets you deported , that does n't make sense . " Pictures of Jakadrien in Colombia showed her sitting on men 's laps smoking marijuana , her grandmother said . But Jakadrien , she said , seemed to be reaching out for help , listing on Facebook the names of everyone at parties , perhaps so she could be traced . Jackson says he does n't believe Jakadrien was trying to fake her way out of the country by using the false name throughout the process . "  I do n't buy that she had the wherewithal to be able to bamboozle the government , " Jackson says . "  You know , kids are scared when they get around authorities . ... To think that you could bamboozle them to create a new identity , it just does n't make sense . " Colombia 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Thursday that Jakadrien first arrived in Bogota after she was deported on May 23 . The ministry said it was investigating what sort of verification its consulate in Texas requested before giving the girl an expedited provisional passport as part of deportation proceedings , and how Jakadrien received work authorization for training at a call center as part of the government 's "  Welcome Home " program . Attorneys with the program made a sworn declaration in front of a notary with "  inexact information " that allowed her to receive work papers , the foreign ministry said . "  Those lawyers are no longer providing services to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , " the statement said . The teen was placed in a protection program by the Colombian Institute for Family Welfare on December 1 after officials learned of her situation , the foreign ministry said . Ed Lavandera , Jorge Asdrubal Garcia Romero , Luis Carlos Velez and Nick Valencia contributed to this report for CNN .	NEW : "  I flipped out . I ca n't wait , " the teen 's grandmother says Colombia 's foreign ministry says the girl will be handed over to U.S. officials She is a U.S. citizen but gave authorities a fake name Her family had been looking for her since the fall of 2010
London  CNN  -- Prince Philip has left the hospital where he has been recuperating since abdominal surgery on June 7 . The Duke of Edinbugh , 92 , walked out unaided Monday . He was admitted to the hospital on June 6 . Philip will convalesce at Windsor Castle , Buckingham Palace said Monday after he left a London hospital . Prince Philip : The man behind the queen Philip left Greece a year after he was born there , following the 1922 overthrow of his uncle King Constantine I. Despite his roots , he has a mixed ancestry and , like his wife , is a great-great-grandchild of Britain 's Queen Victoria . A Royal Navy veteran , he met Elizabeth in 1939 and married her in November 1947 . They have four children . In addition to his royal and military duties , Philip has served as president of the World Wildlife Fund and the International Equestrian Foundation . Philip has had a number of documented health problems in recent years , including treatment for a blocked coronary artery in December 2011 and a hospitalization in June 2012 for a bladder infection . He was admitted again to a hospital -- this time in Scotland -- for treatment of the latter ailment two months later . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report	Prince Philip walked out of a London hospital unaided He 's been hospitalized several times recently , including for bladder infections Philip turned 92 on this month
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly one of every 10 state prisoners is sexually victimized during confinement , according to a Justice Department study released Thursday . The Bureau of Justice Statistics examined data collected in surveys of former prisoners about their time behind bars . The officials found that most of the victims had been abused while they were in state prisons , but a small percentage were molested in local jails or halfway houses . The victimization rate of 9.6 % is more than double the rate cited in a report on the subject in 2008 . However , the Bureau of Justice Statistics , an arm of the Justice Department , cautioned that the previous study was based on a survey of current inmates in both state and federal institutions . The nature of the sexual incidents did not change . Female prisoners were more than three times as likely to be victims of sexual abuse as male prisoners . Prison staff sexual misconduct was prevalent . The study noted nearly seven in eight such incidents involved perpetrators of the opposite sex . More than 75 % of the former prisoners who reported staff sexual misconduct were male inmates who said they had interaction with female staff , the report said . Violence associated with the sexual incidents was found to be common . "  Among all victims of inmate-on-inmate sexual violence , a quarter said they had been physically held down or restrained , and a quarter had been physically harmed or injured , " the report said . About 29 % of the victims reported bruises , black eyes , sprains , cuts and scratches , but 23 % reported more serious injuries , including stab wounds , internal injuries , and broken bones . In response , the Justice Department announced it is establishing rules "  to prevent , detect , and respond to sexual abuse in confinement facilities " The steps include screening inmates for risk of being sexually abused or sexually abusive , and training prison employees . "  The standards we establish today reflect the fact that sexual assault crimes committed within our correctional facilities can have devastating consequences for individual victims and for communities far beyond our jails and prisons , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in a written statement .	The victimization rate , 9.6 % , is more than double that of a different 2008 study Female prisoners were more than three times as likely to be victims , the study found The Justice Department announces new rules aimed at cutting down abuse
CNN  -- Search-and-rescue dog handler Denise Corliss loves Disaster City . That 's what the Texas A&M Engineering Extension Service calls its 52-acre search and rescue training center in College Station , Texas . Disaster City is a classroom for chaos -- a manufactured jungle of concrete , rebar and other rubble you might find in the aftermath of a hurricane or explosion or the 9/11 attacks . "  It 's like a playground for first responders , " says Corliss , a member of the Texas Task Force 1 urban search and rescue team . "  It 's like my second home . " Search and rescue teams travel to the facility from around the nation to receive training certified by the Federal Emergency Management Administration . Most of the trainees are human . Some are dogs . Hundreds of FEMA canine teams have trained at Disaster City . For 15 years , Corliss has spent two weekends a month at the center working with dogs . That includes her golden retriever , Bretagne , one of the last surviving 9/11 search and rescue dogs . Dogs and their handlers climb up and down the piles of concrete , hiding objects for canines to find . Trainers teach and test the dogs to hone their smelling and searching skills by sending them down into simulated tornado shelters and up into second story buildings . Back in 2001 , Corliss and Bretagne  pronounced , "  Britney "  were fresh graduates of Disaster City when they were deployed to New York shortly after the World Trade Center attacks . Corliss joined hundreds of other search and rescue teams sent from around the world to find survivors at ground zero , working 12 hours a day for two weeks straight . We know now there were very few survivors found in the rubble of the twin towers , and Bretagne , like so many other searchers , worked hard -- only to find none . But Corliss discovered something unexpected : rescuers and firefighters would approach Bretagne and pet her . Soon they 'd be sharing their personal stories with Corliss , describing the missing friends , loved ones and colleagues they were searching for . Bretagne had become a kind of therapy dog . "  Dogs can be so comforting , so it makes sense to me now , " she says . "  I just did n't anticipate that , then . " 9/11 was only the first of many national disasters that called Bretagne and Corliss into action . Deployments followed for Hurricanes Katrina , Rita and other storms . Once Corliss watched Bretagne risk her own safety when the dog found herself standing on the end of a dangling staircase . "  She walked to the edge of it and she stopped -- turned -- and she came back down , " Corliss recalls . "  She did exactly what she was supposed to do , but it scared me a bit . " Despite all that training , Corliss admits "  there were still times when I held my breath and said , ' I hope she does this right . I hope she 's OK . ' " Pushy puppy It 's no coincidence that search and rescue dogs such as Bretagne succeed while working under such dangerous conditions . From the time they 're puppies , dogs must survive a rigid screening process before they can do this kind of work . When Corliss spotted Bretagne , she had a feeling this dog might be right . The puppy was pushy . Sharing a plastic kennel with eight other puppies , Bretagne buffaloed her way through the pack from back to front , to greet Corliss . "  That kind of pushy behavior helped her be the persistent do n't - give-up-style of working dog that I needed later , " says Corliss . A few other qualities Corliss says are key to good search and rescue dogs : -- High toy drive : "  Their toy is their paycheck . We 're looking for the dog that 's going to be so over-the-top crazy for their toy that they 're going to be happy going over this rubble pile . " -- High prey drive : "  They 've got to be persistent . They 're going to hunt for survivors , and continue to hunt , and not give up . " -- Nerve strength : "  We need dogs that are not going to be scared to climb a ladder up to the second story of a building -- alone without a handler â $ " or to go down into a dark tunnel . " -- Focus : "  The dog ca n't be concerned about a nearby jackhammer or loud truck or crane or emergency sirens . " Bretagne left Texas Task Force 1 in 2009 to focus on her work as a local fire department search and rescue dog . Then after a couple more years , it was time for her to retire altogether . But that did n't mean the end of Bretagne 's public service . Now 15 , Bretagne spends time once a week teaching kids how to read . Really . She visits elementary school classrooms , where children , who "  may be intimidated or uncomfortable reading out loud to their classmates , have an opportunity to develop reading skills by reading to her , " Corliss says . Corliss has raised and trained two other golden retriever search and rescue dogs : Aid ` N , now 10 and retired , and Taser , age 3 . Taser will continue the legacy that Aid 'N and Bretagne have carried , dedicating their lives to helping people survive calamity . Flying drones and other robotic technology provide new options for search and rescue teams , but Corliss says dogs will always be a part of the toolbox , along with cameras and listening devices . "  I do n't think there will ever be a substitute for their agility and sense of smell , " she says . "  In that way , they 're better than any other tool that we have out there . "	Bretagne , one of the last living 9/11 search and rescue dogs , trained at Disaster City The College Station , Texas , facility is a realistic classroom for search and rescue teams Hundreds of dogs have and dog handlers have received FEMA certification there Dogs must have special traits to succeed at search and rescue
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Five American security contractors were detained in connection with the killing of another American contractor last month inside Baghdad 's Green Zone , sources with knowledge of the investigation told CNN Saturday . The body of James Kitterman was found in a car in Baghdad 's heavily protected Green Zone . Iraqi and U.S. personnel took the five into custody in an operation inside the Green Zone before dawn on Friday , according to an Iraqi official involved in the investigation into the killing of James Kitterman . The five , who have not yet been charged , were being held by Iraqi security forces Saturday at a jail inside the heavily protected zone , he said . The troops also confiscated weapons during the raid on the suspects ' firm at about 4 a.m.  11 a.m. ET  , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The names of the suspects and the company they work for were not released . The U.S. military declined comment and referred questions to the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad . Embassy officials did not immediately respond to request for comments . Kitterman was found bound , blindfolded and fatally stabbed in a car in the district , formally known as the International Zone , on May 22 . The 60-year-old Houston , Texas , resident owned a construction company that operated in Iraq . The five suspects knew the victim , a source inside the Green Zone familiar with the investigation said . Both the Iraqi and the Green Zone sources noted that the FBI has been involved in the investigation from the start . Once the suspects are charged and referred to trial , the case would be sent to Iraq 's Central Criminal Court , the Iraqi official said . If that happens , it would be the first time U.S. citizens were tried in Iraq since the United States returned the country 's government to the Iraqis . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Weapons confiscated in raid of suspects ' firm , official says Five arrested in death of fellow contractor James Kitterman Kitterman found bound , blindfolded and fatally stabbed Victim owned a construction company that operated in Iraq
CNN  -- "  I AM " is a new CNN.com feature built on the belief that the labels we use for one another do n't really reveal who we are . We present a collection of people who may surprise you . They not only defy their labels , but they 've done it in very public and dramatic ways . This week , I AM presents four African-Americans who challenge conventional notions of blackness . But then defining what it means to be black has long been a matter of debate within the African-American community . The R&B singer , Billy Paul , once had a song called , "  Am I Black Enough ? " Well are they ? You be the judge . Barbara Hillary -- At the age of 75 , she became the first African American woman to reach the North Pole . Maurice Ashley -- Is the first and only African American to attain the coveted title of International Grand Master of Chess . Bliss Broyard -- Author of "  One Drop : My Father 's Hidden Life -- A Story of Race & Family Secrets , " learned her father was black just before his death . Marvin Perkins -- As an African American elder in the Mormon church , Perkins says he is one of the world 's best kept secrets in the world .	"  I AM " is built on the belief that the labels we use for others , do n't reveal who we are Meet four African Americans who challenge conventional notions of blackness CNN Presents : Black in America airs July 23 and 24 , at 9 p.m. ET
CNN  -- If you walk past the Barford family garage in Northampton , England on a Sunday afternoon , there 's every chance you 'll see a 10-meter-long wing sticking out into the driveway , and a dad and his two kids building a peculiar transparent airplane . "  We 've got pictures of it being built , where my son ... he was probably seven or eight when he 's holding the first part that we made , " says David Barford , 44 . "  And then he 's 16 and taller than me when he 's holding the last parts . " "  So all through their life , if they want to know where dad was , dad was probably in the garage , building his plane . " A peculiar obsession Barford is part of a small group possessed by a peculiar obsession . The plane he 's assembling at home has no engine -- none apart from the pilot 's cycling power , driving an oversized propeller . Enthusiasts like Barford -- he mentions John McIntyre in nearby Cambridgeshire and Peer Franck in Germany , and there are a scattering of others across the globe -- dream of flying as the first aeronautical test pilots once did : human-powered . "  Pure , " as Barford describes it . He recalls being a seven-year-old , himself , and trying to recreate the man-powered star of the Oscar winning documentary Flight of the Gossamer Condor -- American Dr. Paul B. MacCready 's machine which took flight in the Mojave Desert in 1976 . In model form , at least . The ungainly machine was the beginning of his fascination : "  To look at it , it 's not elegant . To look at it , it 's not beautiful at all . It flies backwards , the elevator is at the front of the wing ... , " he describes . Paper airplane -- made real At a glance , Barford 's homemade creation is barely more substantial than the kitchen-cupboard replicas of his youth . Despite its 22-meter wingspan -- proportional to a small Boeing that you might travel on holiday in , he notes -- his BetterFly weighs little more than 40kg . That 's about half Barford 's bodyweight . Barford draws on the experience of his day job -- as an engineer on Mercedes-Benz 's Formula One engines -- to cut milligrams off weight by drilling out screws and forging hollow carbon tubes for the plane 's skeleton . Beyond that , though , everything is store bought . The handcrafted amateurishness of it all is part of the appeal . Barford was never interested in shiny new jets , mass produced from precision laser cut parts by teams of professionals -- "  That was n't flying as I wanted to experience flying . " Barford 's design , for all the fine attention to detail , is all about making it up yourself , he says . And he is not embarrassed to admit that some fundamental details -- like whereabouts the all important center of gravity is -- "  had just been wet finger guessed with a cup of tea in my hand . " Just Right Preparing to attempt the first flight , Barford gave his plane a "  50-50 " chance of coming home in a black bin bag . Everything had to be designed "  on a knife edge " -- being just robust enough to hold together , while remaining light enough to leave the ground . Toward the end of construction , he realized the main spar stretching across the back of the wing was coming in heavier than expected . He knew what he 'd have to do : "  It put me on the best diet I have ever had ! So I lost 8 kilograms in weight to match the plane ! " He booked a week off work , hoping to return as anything other than the "  laughing stock " he assumed he 'd be if his decade long quest failed . Just days before the flight , the Barford family gazed out the window as buckets of rain fell . "  My wife 's birthday is May 23rd , so I promised to avoid flying on her birthday . But as the weather happens to have it , the Monday and Tuesday were blowy and windy and wet , and the forecast on her birthday was beautiful . "  So we dropped a few hints ... , " he smiles . The original dream of flight Standing on the runway , that evening , as night fell , he gave himself a moment to admire his creation -- "  It was light , it was elegant , it was complete . It was finished . " -- before takeoff . "  Pedaling and pedaling away , you can just ... it is really beautiful . " "  All of a sudden you get to a certain speed and you just rise up . Really smoothly -- no dramatic effort involved . " "  You keep going , and it all goes quiet , and you are lifted up -- but you are lifted from your hips and your back so you are just cuddled up into the air , " he enthuses . The first flight was around 50 meters -- "  not just a hop , " he says . "  Proper flying . " "  It 's quite odd to be in a plane that you are pedaling : you are flying , but you can look down and see people , and you can look into the distance and there are birds flying along beside you . " "  The day after our flight ... I drove to work and saw a buzzard just hovering . And I thought : ` Yeah -- you and me , mate . I can join you . "	David Barford is part of a small group of amateurs obsessed with man-powered aircraft His BetterFly is 22-meters wide and can take flight under Barford 's pedal-power It is the hand-made aspect that most appeals to him
CNN  -- Dennis Rodman , the former NBA star and the first American known to have met North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , was in the secretive country again this past week , purportedly to meet his "  friend Kim , the Marshal " and perhaps also , to negotiate for the release of Kenneth Bae , a U.S. citizen detained since November . Rodman 's second trip to North Korea this year comes months after months of threats of nuclear annihilation from Pyongyang . His desire to help Bae is likely to be registered in the annals of diplomatic history as little more than a little diverting adventure . But one never knows . The "  Marshal , " who has actually never served in the military , might choose to act in a statesmanlike manner and release Bae after another high-spirited soiree with the basketball legend . That would be good news for Bae , who is reportedly in poor health . Other detained Americans Such a dramatic gesture of goodwill by the reclusive leader would achieve the effect of adding insult to the United States in light of North Korea 's recent cancellation of an invitation to the U.S. special envoy on North Korean human rights issues . Rodman , of course , is not qualified to carry out negotiations with North Korea on sensitive political issues . Nor does the North Korean leadership see him as a credible conveyor of official message to Washington . Kim 's unconventional courting of Rodman is about equivalent to his enjoyment of Disney characters and scantily clad women on stage . It 's all jolly and trite pleasure . Kim 's attraction to American icons such as the NBA or Hollywood does not signal a genuine overture to Washington . It does not indicate intentions of reform or opening up of the isolated totalitarian state that imprisons some 1 % of its population in political concentration camps . We should never forget that amidst the levity and bonhomie that will emanate from Pyongyang in the coming days , North Korea , throughout more than 60 years of its existence , has committed systematic and widespread attacks on its civilian population , including murder , extermination , enslavement , torture , enforced sexual slavery and disappearance of people . In short , these are crimes against humanity . But what about the residual effects of personal warmth and brotherhood between Kim and Rodman ? Will not such a "  cultural encounter " between the Korean and the American lead to a "  breakthrough , " as "  ping-pong diplomacy " between China and the U.S. in 1971 supposedly did ? In 1971 , American table tennis players were invited to China for the first time . Just three months after that unprecedented "  cultural exchange , " U.S. national security adviser Henry Kissinger secretly visited Beijing , a diplomatic coup that was capped off by President Richard Nixon 's visit to China the following February . Lest anyone think that ping-pong diplomacy and Sino-U.S. rapprochement are married by cause and effect and hastily draw the conclusion that Rodman 's latest visit has a fighting chance of bringing about a diplomatic breakthrough between Washington and Pyongyang , I 'd say : Theatrics are not equal to politics . Kenneth Bae : Please help me The goodwill triggered by ping-pong matches between Chinese and Americans in 1971 was a mood enhancer to the secret contacts between Washington and Beijing that had been underway since September 1970 . The two countries wanted to discuss geopolitical issues of mutual concern : Containing the Soviet threat , the Vietnam War , China 's seat in the U.N. Security Council and Taiwan . But theatrics are not entirely irrelevant to politics . If anything , the young North Korean leader 's occasional displays of affinity for American pop culture will only irk the country 's revolutionary old guards . Kim clearly lacks the gravitas of his late father . He may believe that he is exuding an affable image by being seen with an American star . But by traditional Korean standards on how a national leader should carry himself , Kim comes across as less charismatic than -- dare I say -- a lightweight . There is no reason to believe that the North Korean military would challenge anytime soon . Kim 's hold on power over the party and the military seems , for now , firm . But the prospects for a long , happy reign for whom propagandists tout as a demigod are dim . With time , Kim will come to believe in his own infallibility if not in his omnipotence . And megalomania is particularly susceptible to mortal miscalculation , whether on matters of court intrigue or foreign policy . In other words , for Marshal Kim Jong Un , fantasy is reality . And for a ruthless dictator , that 's an invitation to an early brush with mortality . If Dennis Rodman unwittingly sows the seeds of reality in the fantastical world of the North Korean leader by nudging him toward miscalculation and deeper depths of self-absorption or planting doubt in the minds of North Koreans with access to big guns -- then his latest courting of the Marshal may rightfully come to be remembered one day , indeed , as a game-changer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sung-Yoon Lee .	Dennis Rodman was in North Korea purportedly trying to negotiate release of a U.S. detainee Sung-Yoon Lee : In the annals of diplomatic history , this may well be a little blip He says Kim Jong Un 's courting of Rodman is equivalent to his enjoyment of Disney Lee : Despite displays of theatrics , do n't forget North Korea 's crimes against humanity
CNN  -- U.S. ski star Mikaela Shiffrin underlined her status as the best slalom racer on the World Cup circuit in Finland Saturday then landed the prize of her childhood dreams -- a reindeer ! Teenager Shiffrin was excited to relegate Maria Hoefl-Riesch and Tina Maze into the minor places , but absolutely thrilled to get an early Christmas present , whom she quickly named Rudolph . "  Who would n't want to get a reindeer ? I remember being five years old and Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer was my favorite song , " she told the official World Cup skiing website . "  I think we will be getting along . I hope that when he get 's older and trained I can go for a ride on a sledge with him , " added Shiffrin . She wo n't be taking the reindeer with her on her travels , but will meet Rudolph again when she returns to the Finnish ski resort of Levi for further races . With Sochi 2014 looming , Shiffrin 's performance laid down an early marker and reigning Olympic champion Hoefl-Riesch from Germany was 1.06 seconds behind after two runs , with Slovenia 's Maze 1.61 seconds slower . Maze was disappointed to be so far back and to miss out on a prize she also coveted . "  I already was making room for a reindeer back home , but unfortunately it was not my turn to win it , " she said with a smile . Fellow skiing superstar Lindsey Vonn of the United States also claimed a four-legged prize after winning a race in Val d'Isere in France , opting for a cow rather than the prize money . A cow was also presented to Roger Federer by grateful organizers when he returned to play the Swiss Open in Gstaad this year . When he took part in the same event in 2003 after taking his first Wimbledon title he was also given a cow . For Shiffrin , the reindeer was the icing on the cake after a superb performance , keeping the red World Cup leaders ' bib she earned last season . "  There 's definitely some relief there ... one of my goals is to keep my slalom standings , and it 's nice to know I 'm not that far off , " she said before going off to place a picture of herself with the reindeer on her Facebook page .	Mikaela Shiffrin wins season opening slalom in World Cup Beats Maria Hoefl-Riesch and Tina Maze in Levi , Finland U.S. teenage star presented with a reindeer as a prize Names it Rudolph after her favorite song as a young child
The body of a man swept away while swimming in a rain-swollen creek in western North Carolina was found Sunday , authorities said . The body of a child who was dragged away by the swift currents was recovered Saturday evening . The drownings happened after 4 inches of rain fell over five hours in North Carolina 's Piedmont region , prompting officials to declare a state of emergency in Catawba County . First responders stayed busy racing to save people stuck in fast-moving waters and closed dozens of roads Saturday because of major flooding . Delilah Lovett , 10 , of Charlotte and Juan Alberdi , 48 , of Huntersville -- members of different families who were visiting the area together -- were both swimming in what is known as the "  bathtub " on Wilson 's Creek in Caldwell County around 6:15 p.m. Saturday , the Caldwell County Sheriff 's Office said . Rain , which had already stopped , raised Wilson Creek 2 feet above normal levels and created "  very swift currents , " according to a statement from the sheriff 's department . Kayakers found Delilah 's body nearly an hour after she disappeared , it said . Search and rescue crews found Alberdi on Sunday , about a quarter mile north of where they were first told he went into the water , according to LouAnne Kincaid , a spokeswoman for Caldwell County . Catawba County officials reported 10 swiftwater rescues for residents needing help getting out of their homes and vehicles Saturday afternoon , said Mark Pettit , an emergency official in the county . Some 52 roads in the inland county had been closed at that point , six of which might not see any traffic for as long as three months , according to Pettit . Lincoln County -- which is just south of Catawba County and about 35 miles northwest of Charlotte -- saw 8 to 10 inches of rain in 12 hours , county emergency management spokesman Dion Burleson said . First responders had done as many as five rescues by late Saturday afternoon , Burleson said , though things appeared to be on the upswing . The spokesman said the water rescue operation had been demobilized because waters were receding .	Search crews find body of a 48-year-old swimmer from Huntersville Kayakers find girl who drowned in a swollen Catawba County creek First responders conduct swiftwater rescues to help people out of homes , cars
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesians headed to the polls Thursday to choose legislators for the world 's most populous Muslim nation , a vote that will also determine which parties can field candidates for July 's presidential election . A woman shows her finger after voting at a polling booth on Thursday in Jakarta . By noon , the balloting was proceeding peacefully . However , the country 's Papua province was hit by violence early Thursday , when about 80 separatist rebels , armed with machetes and firearms , attacked a police station and burned down part of a university , police said . Both incidents happened in Jayapura in Papua , where a separatist movement has simmered for years . Thursday 's vote is only the second direct election since the authoritarian regime of Suharto fell in 1998 , in the wake of the Asian financial crisis . Some 12,000 candidates from 38 parties are vying for parliament 's 700 seats in a nation that for now is a largely moderate and democratic one . Watch more about the vote " Some analysts have pointed to signs that indicate Indonesia is on the path to becoming a conservative and fundamentalist nation . But Islamist parties are not expected to fare well this time around , partly because most voters are more concerned about economic issues , rather than religious or moral ones . Watch what 's at stake in the elections " Current polls forecast that President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono 's Democratic Party will be the only one to garner the necessary 20 percent of the 550 lower parliamentary seats -- or 25 percent of the national vote -- to nominate a presidential candidate . Other parties will likely form coalitions to put forward a candidate in the presidential race . That includes Golkar , the ruling party during Suharto 's regime and the party of current Vice President Jusuf Kalla . The elections will also determine the makeup of Indonesia 's 132-member Regional Representatives Council , as well as its provincial , county and city assemblies . More than 70 percent of Indonesia 's 238 million people are expected to cast ballots . But even before the votes are cast , there are serious concerns about the legitimacy of the legislative election . The voting process is complicated : For the first time , Indonesians can vote for an individual within a party and not just for the party . New voting mechanisms are causing confusion and could lead to an increased number of invalid ballots . There are allegations of fraudulent voter lists as well . Several Indonesian students , and first-time voters , have voiced their disillusionment with the current parties and candidates . "  I choose not to vote , " said Shohib , a student at State Islamic University in Jakarta . "  I am disappointed with the leaders . " "  I want someone who could lead Indonesia to be better ... who would hear people 's aspirations and actually do something about it , " said 18-year-old Wiendy Pranoto , a senior at Pesantran Al-Hamidiyah -- an Islamic school outside Jakarta . Analysts warn that if the elections are viewed as illegitimate , voters will lose confidence , and anger that lingers below the surface could erupt . Adding to the trouble is Indonesia 's status as one of the most corrupt nations in the world , according to Transparency International . Those factors -- corruption and the economy -- are what experts say are allowing a conservative Muslim movement to gain momentum . That movement says the current government 's lack of piety is causing the nation 's problems . "  The prize for the global conservative movement is Indonesia , " said political analyst Jeffery Winters . "  If Indonesia were to move in a direction of becoming a much more conservative Islamic state , it would trigger a number of consequences . " Most political parties have been running on a platform of anti-corruption . The governing Democratic Party has been taking action on corruption and is trying to capitalize on those gains . Analysts say that , barring a major crisis , Yudhoyono -- who is known as "  Mr. Clean " because of his anti-corruption efforts and who is lauded for his handling of the 2004 tsunami recovery and leading an anti-terrorism fight -- will probably win a second term . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report .	12,000 people , 38 parties vying for one of 700 parliamentary Parties need 25 percent of the vote to name a presidential candidate for July poll Third direct election since the authoritarian regime of Suharto fell in 1998 Indonesia is the world 's most populous Muslim nation
CNN  -- Ugandans voted Friday in a presidential election that could extend the term of the incumbent , who has been in power for 25 years . A new term would give President Yoweri Museveni five more years . This is the third consecutive time opposition front-runner Kizza Besigye has run against Museveni . Voters lined up early to cast their ballots at various venues including schools , government offices and churches . In the capital , Kampala , streets were calm and empty , with increased security forces patrolling in riot gear . Besigye -- who was a former doctor for Museveni -- lost presidential bids in 2001 and 2006 . His party said it anticipated rigging , and it plans to conduct its own tally as soon as the polls are closed . The government has dismissed the accusations and said the opposition is trying to undermine the election . "  We plan to have our own tally and release it in 24 hours , " said Margaret Wokuri , a spokeswoman for the opposition Inter-Party Cooperation . "  We can not trust an electoral commission that was appointed by the ruling party . We have to have our own check mechanism . " Museveni , leader of the ruling National Resistance Movement party , has led the country since a rebel group he was aligned with seized the government in 1986 . He was once hailed for stabilizing Uganda and helping combat the AIDS epidemic , but has faced mounting criticism over corruption and lack of political transition in the country . Parliament removed presidential term limits in the east African nation five years ago , essentially allowing the incumbent to run for office indefinitely . About 14 million people are registered to vote in the presidential and parliamentary ballot . There are a total of eight presidential candidates , Wokuri said . Journalist Tom Walsh contributed to this report .	Election could extend the term of President Yoweri Museveni Museveni has been in power for 25 years This is the third consecutive time the opposition front-runner has run against him
CNN Student News  -- December 4 , 2013 Vice President Biden is hoping to find a diplomatic solution to a dispute over airspace involving China and Japan . Get the details in Wednesday 's program , and find out what led to political protests in Ukraine . We also report on Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales results , and we explain why the online shopping experience could see a major shift . Plus , we hear how football fans caused a seismic event . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Does hearing media coverage of famously busy shopping days influence viewers ' shopping behavior ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Ukraine 2 . Black Friday and Cyber Monday 3 . decibel Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What countries is Vice President Joe Biden visiting on his current trip ? According to the report , why is the international community concerned about this region ? How has the United States responded to China 's declaration ? 2 . What are some arguments for and against online sales taxes ? What is the current status of a legal challenge brought by two Internet retailers against an online tax ? According to the report , what might the future hold for online sales taxes ? 3 . What world record did fans of the Seattle Seahawks NFL team set this season ? How do decibel levels at CenturyLink Field compare to the levels of other noises ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What questions do you think the U.S. government and the international community have with regard to China 's declaration concerning its air space ? What options do you think are available to China , Japan , the U.S. and the international community in addressing this issue ? 2 . Why might some Ukranians want closer ties with the European Union , while others might want closer ties with Russia ? What might be the benefits and drawbacks of each ? What are some possible outcomes to the situation in Ukraine ? 3 . How might an online sales tax affect Internet retailers , brick-and-mortar retailers , state governments and consumers ? Do you think online taxes influence consumers ' decisions on whether to shop on the Internet ? Why or why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Japan Europe Ukraine North America Seattle , Washington FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
For centuries , the lush national parks of southern Kenya and northern Tanzania have been called home by the Maasai , one of Africa 's most culturally district tribes . Being traditional pastoralists with a nomadic bent , the Maasai have used the sprawling grasslands and forested slopes of the Serengeti National Park , Tsavo National Park and Mkomazi Game Reserve as a grazing ground for their cattle , which provide them with the milk , meat and blood they need to survive . But lately , these rich lands have also lured many outsiders , including large-scale hunting companies , threatening the traditional Maasai way of living . "  The riches and the wealth that come out of it is actually flying away from Maasai land by the rich and powerful people , " says Martin Saning ' o Kariongi , with a wry smile . "  Maasai land is a very rich country , or rich region , but the owners , the inhabitants , are amongst the poorest in the world . It 's very sad but that 's the reality . " Read this : Maasai tribe 's ` last stand ' Aware of the precarious position his tribe finds itself in , Kariongi , a well-respected Maasai community leader , has made it his life 's work to save his people and their way of life , whilst helping them adapt to a changing world . As one of the few of his generation to make it through high school and further education , Kariongi started his work as a social development activist in the early 1990s , after spending time studying in Europe . Upon his return to Tanzania , he organized a legal campaign opposing a government-forced eviction of Maasai people from the country 's Simanjiro plains . The High Court of Tanzania ruled in favor of the Maasai and soon Kariongi was working to improve the economic conditions of his people too . "  Around 2000 we started to think that despite the whole struggle for land rights and human rights of the Maasai people , poverty is growing and so many of our young people are rushing into cities , " recalls Kariongi . "  That 's when we actually said we have to find a way to create opportunities for community economic empowerment . " Read this : ` Education is the road out of poverty ' Kariongi 's first idea for self-sustainability was to turn the resources available to the Maasai -- their animals and abundant milk -- into an opportunity to create wealth for his people . Working together with a SHGW , a Dutch NGO dedicated to promoting sustainable development in rural regions of the developing world , they launched a company and established five small milk processing units in five locations around the Maasai plains . From milking the herds to processing the milk and producing the dairy products , the business is run entirely by women . The units can process up to 2,000 liters a day , making cheese , yoghurt , butter and ghee . "  We started the milk processing plant as one way of finding a ready market for the women , " says Kariongi , who 's based his social development plan on gender equality . "  As an economic project that will create a market where women can sell milk and engage in a cash economy , " he adds . "  It has been going on now for the last five years and the life of the people , the life of the families have changed dramatically and women are making so much money . " Today , the company has grown to include many arms , from an energy and water firm , to a media house producing broadcasts tailored for the Maasai , to a community ranch that helps improve access to quality breeds . They are all growing organically , based on a strict business model . "  The social investor who is investing in us is investing as an investor , not as a donor , " explains Kariongi , who is a strong opponent of handouts . "  This social business mentality is actually creating opportunities to awaken our entrepreneurial nature ; that we use our own locally available resources to create wealth and to create sustainability within ourselves to come out of poverty , rather than depending on aid , " he says . Read this : Good African Coffee wants trade , not aid It 's all part of Kariongi 's determination to help his people adapt , intact , to the 21st century and avoid extinction . "  We have created facilities here -- the radio station , the milk processing plant , the energy and water company , the internet , the library -- all these facilities to bring modern life to people , so they do n't have to rush to towns , " says Kariongi . "  When we lost our sons and daughters , rushed into towns , our women going to towns , then our lands will become empty and we might end up in an extinction . " He adds : "  Culture is not static ; culture is dynamic , it grows ; it 's like a fire -- In order for the fire to keep on burning and giving light and heat , somebody has to be putting new fire wood . And the culture is like that -- so generations come and go , and each generation puts its own firewood on the fire and the fire is the culture . "	Maasai activist helping his people adapt to the 21st century Martin Saning ' o Kariongi is working to protect his people 's land rights in northern Tanzania He is encouraging gender equality within his tribe
CNN  -- A man who allegedly threatened to decapitate Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii appeared in court Friday in San Diego and was ordered to remain in jail for now . Aniruddha Sherbow made two threats to murder the Democratic congresswoman earlier this month , according to newly unsealed court documents . On August 1 the man allegedly left an expletive-laden voicemail on Gabbard 's cell phone , with the message including a threat to her life . An affidavit said that Gabbard had been getting harassing messages from Sherbow since 2011 and identified his voice as the caller . The court document said Sherbow 's mother later listened to the recording and told investigators it sounded like her son . On August 3 Sherbow allegedly sent an e-mail to the FBI and some unnamed media outlets and identified himself by name , according to the affidavit . The subject of the e-mail was "  Cutting Off Tulsi Gabbard 's Head . " The message said in part , "  I , Aniruddha Sherbow , with the Divine as my witness , do hereby solemnly vow to find Tulsi Gabbard , wheresover she may be , and to sever her head from her body . " According to the court affidavit , Sherbow 's father said he received a copy of that e-mail and he identified his son as the sender . The FBI and the U.S. Capitol Police said Thursday that Sherbow 's threats were "  deemed credible . " Sherbow , 43 , was arrested by Mexican law enforcement officers in Tijuana on Wednesday . The former resident of Hawaii was then turned over to the FBI in San Diego . He faces a charge of transmission of threats in interstate commerce . He is scheduled to have another court hearing on September 12 , and officials eventually want him transferred to the District of Columbia for trial . Gabbard 's office would not comment on Sherbow 's arrest and the allegations against him . Press secretary Heather Fluit would only say the congresswoman was "  grateful for the work " of all the law enforcement officers involved in the investigation . CNN 's Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	Feds : Threats included an expletive-laden voicemail and an e-mail The subject of the e-mail was "  Cutting Off Tulsi Gabbard 's Head , " federal affidavit says Gabbard represents a district in Hawaii ; the suspect is a former resident of that state
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- White House press secretary Tony Snow , who is undergoing treatment for cancer , will step down from his post September 14 and be replaced by deputy press secretary Dana Perino , the White House announced Friday . White House press secretary Tony Snow will step down from his post on September 14 . President Bush told reporters Friday that he will "  sadly accept " Snow 's resignation . Flanked by Snow and Perino in the White House press room , the president spoke warmly of his departing press secretary . "  It 's been a joy to watch him spar with you , " Bush told reporters . Watch the announcement about Snow leaving " Bush said he was certain of two things in regard to Snow . "  He 'll battle cancer and win , " Bush said , "  and he 'll be a solid contributor to society . " Turning to Snow , the president then said : "  I love you , and I wish you all the best . " Snow , speaking after Bush at the start of the daily White House news conference , said he was leaving to earn more money . He took a big pay cut , he said , when he left his previous jobs as anchor and political analyst for Fox News . According to The Washington Post , Snow makes $ 168,000 as the White House spokesman . His family took out a loan when he started the job , "  and that loan is now gone . " "  This job has really been a dream for me , a blast . I 've had an enormous amount of fun and satisfaction , " Snow said . He said he would continue to speak out on issues , and would do "  some radio , some TV , but I do n't anticipate full-time anchor duties . " Snow said he 's received great satisfaction from talking to people about his illness . Snow 's cancer was diagnosed for the first time in February 2005 . His colon was removed , and after six months of treatment , doctors said the cancer was in remission . Perino announced March 27 that Snow 's cancer had recurred , and that doctors had removed a growth from his abdomen the day before . Sources told CNN two weeks ago that Snow was planning to leave his job , possibly as early as September . Bush tapped Snow to replace Scott McClellan in April 2006 . Snow had been an anchor for "  Fox News Sunday " and a political analyst for the Fox News Channel , which he joined in 1996 . He also hosted "  The Tony Snow Show " on Fox News Radio . On Thursday , Snow told CNN his health is improving , citing two medical tests this month that found the cancer has not spread . "  The tumors are stable -- they are not growing , " Snow said of the results from an MRI and a CAT scan . "  And there are no new growths . The health is good . " The press secretary , whose hair has turned gray during chemotherapy treatment , said his black hair is expected to grow back in about a month . "  I 'm also putting on weight again , " he said after returning from a 10-day vacation . "  I actually feel very good about " the health situation . Snow said on Friday he was to see his oncologist , and they will decide on some minor forms of chemotherapy to start as maintenance treatment . E-mail to a friend	President Bush says Tony Snow "  will battle cancer and win " Job of press secretary "  has been a dream for me , " Snow says Snow leaving on September 14 , will be succeeded by Dana Perino
CNN  -- When Matt Jones missed a six-foot putt last year , it cost him a coveted place at the Masters . The Australian golfer made up for it on Sunday , clinching the last spot in the field for Augusta next week after snatching his first PGA Tour victory in 156 starts at the Houston Open . While his lip-out at the BMW Championship in August denied him a spot at the Tour Championship , which guarantees entry to the following year 's opening major , this time the 33-year-old made sure in dramatic style . He drained a 46-foot birdie putt to force a playoff with longtime leader Matt Kuchar , and then sunk a 42-yard chip on the first extra hole while the American could not match it from the greenside bunker . Jones will make his Masters debut alongside fellow Australian Steven Bowditch , who last week clinched entry when he caught Kuchar with nine holes to play at the Texas Open and also went on to win his first PGA Tour title . That makes four winners from the southern hemisphere continent this year , with Jason Day having won the World Match Play Championship in February and John Senden the Valspar Championship last month . Compatriot Adam Scott , who will be defending his Masters crown , was third at the Arnold Palmer Invitational the week after Senden 's win after blowing a big lead on the final day . Jones shot 66 while Kuchar -- who blew a four-stroke overnight lead -- carded 72 as both finished on 15-under 273 . Spain 's Sergio Garcia was two shots back after a 70 , with Cameron Tringale fourth ahead of fellow Americans Shawn Stefani and Rickie Fowler . Former world No. 1 Rory McIlroy showed form ahead of Augusta with a seven-under-par 65 that left him tied for seventh in a group including fellow two-time major winner Retief Goosen of South Africa , who closed with 70 . "  I wanted to shoot something in the 60s at least today to give me some positive vibes going into Augusta , " McIlroy said . "  I could n't be in a better mood getting on the plane and heading over  to Augusta  tonight . " American veteran Phil Mickelson confirmed his fitness ahead of his bid for a fourth Green Jacket at Augusta as he finished tied for 12th after a final-round 71 , alongside former world No. 1 Lee Westwood and 2003 British Open champion Ben Curtis . "  I 'm a little nervous heading into next week , " said Mickelson , yet to win in 2014 and battling injury setbacks . "  I have n't had the results , I have n't been in contention , I have n't won this year , so I 'm certainly nervous about my chances , but it 's my favorite week of the year . " South Africa 's Charl Schwartzel , the 2011 Masters winner , was tied for 19th .	Australian golfer Matt Jones wins final Masters place with sensational finish in Houston The 33-year-old catches leader Matt Kuchar at final hole and chips in during playoff It is the second successive Sunday that Kuchar is beaten by an Australian Jones ' first PGA Tour win makes up for lapse last year that cost him Augusta spot
France 's freshly inaugurated Socialist president plunged Tuesday into the economic mess that has perplexed policymakers and threatened governments by calling for policies that would spur growth in the ailing eurozone . "  I said that my wish is that growth is not an empty phrase , that it is something which , in reality , is happening , " Francois Hollande told reporters in a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin . "  Because , without growth , we ca n't do whatever we want , we wo n't reach the goals which we want to -- and to reduce the debt and deficit . " He said the best solution would be to "  put everything on the table " on May 23 , when the region 's leaders plan to meet next . Hollande said he hopes Greece -- whose economy is teetering and whose populace is fed up with the austerity demands imposed by the country 's international lenders -- will remain in the eurozone , adding , "  That 's why we have to make it possible for Greece to find solutions . " But he said it is up to the Greeks themselves to make their own decisions about what is best for the country . "  Whatever happens , I will respect the decision of Greece , " he said . For her part , Merkel acknowledged after their hour-long meeting that "  there is going to be , maybe , differences , but also lots of togetherness . " She noted that Hollande 's plane was struck by lightning as it flew from Paris . "  Maybe that 's a good omen , a sign for our cooperation , " said Merkel , who has championed austerity measures . France 's first Socialist president since François Mitterrand left office in 1995 won in an election this month against incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy . Opinion : What Hollande 's victory means for Europe 's economy Hollande named Jean-Marc Ayrault , a senior party member and mayor of Nantes , as prime minister and asked him to form the new government , his office said . At an investiture ceremony at the Elysee Palace in Paris , Hollande said he wants to balance the need to reduce the debts of European governments with efforts to stimulate growth . He said he wants to discourage "  exorbitant " incomes . "  It 's time to put production ahead of speculation , " he said . "  The challenge of this five-year term is recovery , " he said at the Hotel de Ville in Paris , prior to departing for Berlin . "  We have big plans . France will rise again and build on the strength and the energy of its creators , of its engineers , its researchers , those who make it live . " Hollande has unsettled investors with his criticism of the austerity policies central to European bailout deals for troubled economies like those of Greece and Ireland . Greeted by flag-waving crowds on the street , a steady stream of prominent French figures arrived at the Elysee ahead of Tuesday 's inauguration ceremony and walked on a red carpet through the palace 's sun-filled courtyard . They included the Socialist Party leader Martine Aubry and Bertand Delanoe , the mayor of Paris . Inside the palace , they gathered under chandeliers to witness the transfer of power . The president-elect 's car traveled along the tree-lined streets and avenues of Paris , carrying him over the River Seine and past the Grand Palais before pulling up inside the courtyard . Hollande made his way up the carpet to be met by Sarkozy . The two men , who had fought an at-times bitter campaign , shook hands before entering the palace for a private meeting . Afterward , Sarkozy and his wife , Carla Bruni , left the palace , waving from a car as they were driven off , and Hollande was sworn in as the seventh president of France 's Fifth Republic . Ayrault , his newly appointed prime minister , has served as president of the Socialists in the National Assembly since 1997 . In the same year , Ayrault was given a six-month suspended sentence and fined 30,000 francs for political favoritism . Born in 1950 to working-class parents , he worked as a German teacher before entering politics . He has served as mayor of Nantes since 1989 and had been widely expected to be Hollande 's pick for prime minister . Hollande 's election coincided with the vote in Greece that spawned the current political chaos in Athens and moved Greece closer to the possibility of abandoning the euro , the currency used by it and 16 other European Union countries . Hollande 's professed doubts about the fiscal austerity advocated by Merkel , whose party suffered defeat in a vote Sunday in Germany 's largest state , have raised questions about whether Paris and Berlin will read from the same script . Hollande has wasted no time addressing the matter . Upcoming events include a Group of Eight meeting and NATO summit this month , followed by a G-20 gathering and a European Council meeting in June . His approach is expected to affect policy in Afghanistan as well as Turkey and the Middle East . With Sarkozy , the United States enjoyed support for its positions on Syria , Iran and Afghanistan . Sarkozy also was a proponent of the NATO air campaign in Libya . Hollande , meanwhile , has yet to stake out all of his foreign policy positions . During the election campaign , he pledged to withdraw all French combat troops from Afghanistan by the end of the year . He can expect NATO leaders to urge him to soften his position when he attends the summit in Chicago this month , the focus of which will be Afghanistan . Relations between Turkey and France have been tense because of Sarkozy 's apparent opposition to Turkey becoming a member of the European Union . Legislation passed during his presidency that made the denial of the Armenian genocide a crime also raised hackles in Ankara . Some observers expect Hollande to show more flexibility on Turkey . Domestically , Hollande has to prove to the French public that he is capable of acting on his promise to bring people together after Sarkozy 's presidency , which often polarized opinion . Voting in the first round of the presidential election showed large numbers of voters turning to parties on the far left and right of the political spectrum . That scenario could be repeated in legislative elections to be held next month , where Hollande 's Socialist Party can secure a majority in parliament that would allow him to push through his agenda .	"  My wish is that growth is not an empty phrase , " Hollande says The French president says Greeks must decide their own fate Hollande names fellow Socialist Jean-Marc Ayrault as prime minister
CNN  -- Australian police have seized as much as $ 246 million worth of drugs stashed inside a steamroller sent from China after busting an international smuggling ring in Sydney . A U.S. citizen , 33 , and a Canadian , 34 , have been charged with drug-importing offenses in relation to the confiscated methamphetamine and cocaine , Australian Federal Police said Wednesday . The charges carry a maximum penalty of life imprisonment . The operation to seize the drugs resulted from a "  complex and protracted " investigation over the past two and half years , police said . The steamroller was shipped in from China , police said , and was tracked down at a storage unit in northern Sydney amid a series of searches . When officers searched the unit , they found the vehicle , dismantling equipment and 13 sports bags containing "  blocks of compressed powder and a crystalline substance . " The blocks consisted of 235 kilograms  520 pounds  of methamphetamine , with an estimated street value of up to 174 million Australian dollars  $ 180.2 million  , and 115 kilograms of cocaine , with an estimated street value of up to 63 million Australian dollars  $ 65.3 million  , police said . The Australian Federal Police cited experts as saying that data shows rising use of both drugs in the country . The seizure comes less than a week after authorities in the Pacific island nation of Tonga found cocaine with a potential street value of as much as 116 Australian dollars  $ 120 million  in a yacht that had run aground off one of the country 's northern islands . That discovery was the result of cooperation between Australian , U.S. and Tongan authorities , Australian police said .	The drugs are blocks of methamphetamine and cocaine , police say A U.S. citizen and a Canadian have been charged with drug-importing offenses The steamroller was tracked down to a storage unit in northern Sydney
CNN  Here 's the complete list of nominees for the 87th Academy Awards . The Oscars show will be held February 22 . Best Picture "  American Sniper " "  Birdman " "  Boyhood " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " "  The Imitation Game " "  Selma " "  The Theory of Everything " "  Whiplash " Best Director Wes Anderson , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " Alejandro González Iñárritu , "  Birdman " Richard Linklater , "  Boyhood " Bennett Miller , "  Foxcatcher " Morten Tyldum , "  The Imitation Game " Best Actress Marion Cotillard , "  Two Days , One Night " Felicity Jones , "  The Theory of Everything " Julianne Moore , "  Still Alice " Rosamund Pike , "  Gone Girl " Reese Witherspoon , "  Wild " Best Actor Steve Carell , "  Foxcatcher " Bradley Cooper , "  American Sniper " Benedict Cumberbatch , "  The Imitation Game " Michael Keaton , "  Birdman " Eddie Redmayne , "  The Theory of Everything " Best Supporting Actress Patricia Arquette , "  Boyhood " Laura Dern , "  Wild " Keira Knightley , "  The Imitation Game " Emma Stone , "  Birdman " Meryl Streep , "  Into the Woods " Best Supporting Actor Robert Duvall , "  The Judge " Ethan Hawke , "  Boyhood " Edward Norton , "  Birdman " Mark Ruffalo , "  Foxcatcher " J.K. Simmons , "  Whiplash " Best Adapted Screenplay Paul Thomas Anderson , "  Inherent Vice " Damien Chazelle , "  Whiplash " Jason Hall , "  American Sniper " Anthony McCarten , "  The Theory of Everything " Graham Moore , "  The Imitation Game " Best Original Screenplay Wes Anderson and Hugo Guinness , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " Dan Futterman and E. Max Frye , "  Foxcatcher " Dan Gilroy , "  Nightcrawler " Alejandro González Iñárritu , Nicolás Giacobone , Alexander Dinelaris and Armando Bo , "  Birdman " Richard Linklater , "  Boyhood " Best Foreign Language Film "  Leviathan " "  Ida " "  Tangerines " "  Timbuktu " "  Wild Tales " Best Documentary Feature "  CITIZENFOUR " "  Finding Vivian Maier " "  Last Days in Vietnam " "  The Salt in the Earth " "  Virunga " Best Animated Feature "  Big Hero 6 " "  The Boxtrolls " "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 " "  Song of the Sea " "  The Tale of The Princess Kaguya " Film Editing "  American Sniper " "  Boyhood " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " "  The Imitation Game " "  Whiplash " Best Song "  Everything Is Awesome " from "  The Lego Movie " "  Glory " from "  Selma " "  Grateful " from "  Beyond the Lights " "  I 'm Not Gon na Miss You " from "  Glen Campbell ... I 'll Be Me " "  Lost Stars " from "  Begin Again " Best Original Score Alexandre Desplat , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " Alexandre Desplat , "  The Imitation Game " Johann Johannsson , "  The Theory of Everything " Gary Yershon , "  Mr. Turner " Hans Zimmer , "  Interstellar " Best Cinematography Roger Deakins , "  Unbroken " Emmanuel Lubezki , "  Birdman " Dick Pope , "  Mr. Turner " Robert Yeoman , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " Lukasz Zal and Ryszard Lenczewski , "  Ida " Best Costume Design "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " "  Inherent Vice " "  Into the Woods " "  Maleficent " "  Mr. Turner " Best Makeup and Hairstyling "  Foxcatcher " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " "  Guardians of the Galaxy " Best Production Design "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " "  The Imitation Game " "  Interstellar " "  Into the Woods " "  Mr. Turner " Best Sound Editing "  American Sniper " "  Birdman " "  The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies " "  Interstellar " "  Unbroken " Best Sound Mixing "  American Sniper " "  Birdman " "  Interstellar " "  Unbroken " "  Whiplash " Best Visual Effects Captain America : "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " "  Guardians of the Galaxy " "  Interstellar " "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " Best Short Film , Live Action "  Aya " "  Boogaloo and Graham " "  Butter Lamp " "  Parvaneh " "  The Phone Call " Best Short Film , Animated "  The Bigger Picture " "  The Dam Keeper " "  Feast " "  Me and My Moulton " "  A Single Life " Best Documentary , Short Subject "  Crisis Hotline : Veterans Press 1 " "  Joanna " "  Our Curse " "  The Reaper " "  White Earth "	Oscar nominations were announced in Hollywood Thursday morning "  Birdman " and "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " led with 9 nods apiece "  The Imitation Game " received 8 nominations
"  Here comes the sun " indeed , and it was just barely all right . Two years ago , modern infrastructure came very close to a serious disruption . The culprit ? One of the largest solar storms in recorded history . Plasma exploding from the surface of the sun in a coronal mass ejection barreled through space and crossed through Earth 's orbital path on July 23 , 2012 . If the flare had erupted about one week earlier , Earth would have been squarely in the line of fire , Daniel N. Baker wrote in a study published in the journal Space Weather .  Baker is with the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics at the University of Colorado  . This is not the first time solar activity has threatened Earth . A massive solar storm in 1859 , dubbed the Carrington Event after the English astronomer who witnessed it , caused the northern lights to appear as far south as Cuba ; and it caused telegraph lines to spark , setting fire to a number of buildings , according to Science@NASA editor Dr. Tony Phillips . "  According to data from the STEREO-A spacecraft  a solar observatory  , the solar storm of July 23 , 2012 , was every bit as potent as the Carrington storms , " he said . Baker said that had our planet been in the path of the storm , it would not be inconceivable that we would still be "  picking up the pieces . " Phillips agrees . "  As society relies more and more on high technology such as GPS , the Internet , satellite communications and smart power grids , we also expose ourselves more and more to the dangers of stormy space weather . " He added that power outages after the storm could have persisted for many months . If the solar storm had hit , much of Earth 's technology would be rendered inoperable : from radios and GPS systems to toilets . Though human beings would not be physically harmed directly , a study by the National Academy of Sciences estimates that damage from a coronal mass ejection of similar magnitude could exceed $ 2 trillion in the United States and pose risks to national security . While Earth did get lucky in 2012 , humans should not get too comfortable . Despite the relatively mild conditions on the sun , solar storms are unpredictable . According to Baker , "  incredibly powerful " space weather is possible at any time . Space weather : Fine , with a chance of solar flares NASA cameras capture huge solar flares Eagleman : Four ways the Internet could go down	Study : A coronal mass ejection crossed Earth 's orbit on July 23 , 2012 GPS , the Internet and electrical systems all could have been severely damaged Damage could have been in the trillions , and national security threatened Intense solar storms are possible at any time , study 's author says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday that the salmonella outbreak that sickened about1 ,400 people across the country appears to be over . Contaminated jalapeño and serrano peppers , grown in Mexico , are no longer in circulation , the FDA said . "  The number of reported cases has been dropping since early July , " and the number has appeared to return to around the typical number of salmonella cases expected during this time of year , said Dr. Robert Tauxe , the deputy director of the CDC Division of Foodborne , Bacterial and Mycotic Diseases . "  There are some cases of this infection that occur every year , " he said . Initial results from a CDC and Food and Drug Administration investigation found that jalapeño peppers appeared to be a major carrier of the bacteria , as were serrano peppers , Tauxe said . Tomatoes -- identified early in the outbreak as the culprit -- were still possibly a source , he said . The FDA said the contaminated jalapeño and serrano peppers , grown in Mexico , were no longer in circulation and said Thursday that it was lifting its advice to avoid eating raw jalapeño and serrano peppers grown , harvested or packed in Mexico . The agency had lifted its advice to consumers last month to avoid several types of tomatoes . At least 286 people were hospitalized from the salmonella Saintpaul strain , which began in April , and it may have contributed to two deaths , Tauxe said . "  Most persons became ill in May , June and early July , " he said . The outbreak touched 43 states as well as Washington and Canada , Tauxe explained . "  This was a very large and complex outbreak , " he said , noting that it was unusual to have two food carriers with the bacteria . It was the largest foodborne outbreak -- based on confirmed cases -- in the last 10 years , the CDC said . Investigators had traced a contaminated jalapeno pepper found in a Texas produce distribution firm to a farm in Tamaulipas , Mexico . They found contaminated serrano peppers and irrigation systems at another farm in that same region . However , Dr. David Acheson of the FDA said they were not prepared to rule out the possibility that there were other sources . "  If you 've got salmonella Saintpaul in a water supply on a farm , you 've got to ask the question about how it got into the water , whether it was connected to canal systems -- the irrigation systems could have caused that contamination to go elsewhere , " he said .	Salmonella cases have been dropping since early July , CDC says FDA says it 's OK to eat raw serrano and jalapeño peppers from Mexico About 286 people were hospitalized from the salmonella Saintpaul strain
CNN  -- The LPGA Tour is seeking a new leader after controversial Commissioner Carolyn Bivens handed in her resignation following a display of player power . Commissioner Carolyn Bivens became increasingly unpopular with the LPGA Tour 's playing members . It announced on Tuesday that Rear Admiral Marsha J. Evans , a member of the board of directors , would stand in until a replacement could be found . Retired former world No. 1 golfer Annika Sorenstam will be helping the board in its quest . "  We 'll soon have in place a Commissioner to lead us into 2010 and beyond , but until then , it 's important that we immediately appoint an Acting Commissioner whom we know and trust , " chairman Dawn Hudson said . "  As a board of players and independent directors , we wanted an Acting Commissioner with experience leading large organization , one who appreciates and listens to our player members and tournament owners , understands sponsors and their challenges and needs , and has a track record that commands respect . " Bivens stood down a day after the U.S. Women 's Open was won by South Korea 's Eun Hee Ji , with the build-up to the tournament having been largely overshadowed by the row . World No. 1 Lorena Ochoa had been among 15 leading players who a week earlier signed a letter to the tour 's board of directors calling for Bivens to step down . The 56-year-old had been in charge since 2005 , when she became the first woman to hold the role in the LPGA 's 55-year history . The appointment was not popular , with seven high-ranking LPGA executives quitting in her first eight months in charge . She courted controversy last year when she announced an "  English-only " speaking policy for players on the tour , which has become increasingly international with 45 players from South Korea alone -- and many have been claiming regular victories . The LPGA was forced to backtrack following storms of protest and bad publicity . In May , Bivens was criticized after being quoted as saying that players should use the social networking Web site Twitter during tournaments to keep fans updated with their progress . The LPGA quickly released a statement claiming she had been misquoted , but it raised the ire of the players . With difficult economic times , the tour has lost some key sponsors and tournaments -- there are only 10 events scheduled in the U.S. for next year . During Bivens ' tenure , the LPGA acquired the developmental Duramed FUTURES Tour and ownership of two tournaments : the LPGA Championship and the ADT Championship , which this year was canceled due to its sponsors ' financial problems . Bivens secured photo licensing rights in a deal with Getty Images and brokered TV rights contracts with two channels .	The LPGA Tour seeks new Commissioner after Carolyn Bivens stands down Bivens resigned after 15 top women 's golfers demanded that she quit the role She had been the first woman in the role in the LPGA 's 55-year history Bivens took charge in 2005 but has often been the center of controversy
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy Seals ' dramatic rescue of Poul Hagen Thisted and Jessica Buchanan early Wednesday ended the hostages ' three-month ordeal in Somalia . But why was it left to the United States to conduct this operation in a country thousands of miles away ? The short answer is that the United States has the military and intelligence capabilities to conduct the rescue of a U.S. citizen in pressing need of medical attention . The longer answer is that Somalia lacks the capacity to suppress piracy and other organized crime without international support . This is evidenced by the failed attempt of Somali forces to rescue a Danish family in March 2011 , where , as has so often been the case , local authorities found themselves outgunned by the organized criminals . There are no Somali agencies that can effectively fight piracy and other crimes in Somalia , which has existed under a relatively impotent Transitional Federal Government since the central government collapsed in 1991 . Most of Somalia is a patchwork of quasi-autonomous regions , across which neither governance nor law enforcement is coordinated . While most nations recognize the transitional government in Mogadishu as the legitimate government of Somalia , its reach is extremely limited . Local administrations are thus left to manage issues of organized crime with little resources or support . The result : Citizens exist in a precarious truce with a well-armed and organized criminal element . It is in this context of lawlessness that the United States opted to take direct action to release these two hostages . But such heroic and high-profile moves , by the United States or any other nation equipped for them , are not a long-term solution to Somalia 's plague of organized crime , now spilling across borders . To break this cycle of crime , the international community must step up its commitment to investing in Somali stability and addressing the symptoms of the nation 's governance vacuum . A recent report by the Center for American Progress estimated that $ 9 billion in humanitarian and development aid went into Somalia over the past 20 years . This is a stark contrast to the billions that piracy costs the world each year . A forthcoming One Earth Future report finds that $ 7 billion was spent on measures to address Somali piracy alone in 2011 . If the international community does not shift toward building sustainable Somali law enforcement capabilities at sea and ashore , the only realistic options to resolve hostage situations will continue to be through military action or ransom payments . Among the ways money used to combat piracy is spent : 1 . International Navies support operations to patrol Somali waters and the Western Indian Ocean . 2 . Nations fund suspect and prisoner transfer arrangements and "  outsourcing " of prosecution within the region , as well as Europe , North America and Asia .  Even more will be spent to incarcerate convicted pirates . 3 . The maritime industry spends billions on armed guards , extra insurance , "  ship hardening " and re-routing . 4 . Shipping companies pay expensive ransoms , if other measures fail . Somali criminal elements have proven themselves to be amazingly resilient and adaptable . And we can expect that this rescue may lead to an even greater escalation of violence and corresponding threats to innocent human life , including the estimated 190 hostages held  one of whom is a recently captured American writer  and the thousands of seafarers who continue to transit this dangerous area . Indeed , the violence has been increasing as pirates confront private security teams and aggressive naval actions . They have changed their tactics to separate and conceal hostages and are re-investing ransom funds into criminal enterprises . Gangs are also becoming more sophisticated . Hostage takers now demonstrate a familiarity with international law that prohibits negotiation with international terrorist groups . Groups labeled as terrorists simply sell their hostages to middlemen who can legally negotiate . Yet there has been surprisingly little investment from the international maritime community in a sustainable solution , although for a brief time last fall it appeared there might be a ray of hope . When the radical Islamist group , Al-Shabaab withdrew from Mogadishu in early fall 2011 , many saw this as an opportunity to reinvigorate efforts to stabilize Somalia . In September , key regional leaders from Somalia adopted a "  Somali Roadmap " to improve security , the constitution , reconciliation and good governance . But with a fractured political system and roiling conflict between the country 's regions , implementation has been slow . Now the world 's eyes are turning to a high-level conference to be convened by U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron in London on February 23 aimed at tackling the root causes of the problems in Somalia , including piracy . We can only hope that this conference will set the stage for a coordinated and forward-looking international effort that engages all the stakeholders in Somalia and looks past the symptoms . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jon Huggins .	Jon Huggins says U.S. freed Somali pirate hostages because it had resources to do it More importantly , he says , Somalia did not ; pirates more powerful than weak government He says world should aim aid at symptoms of piracy , not just spending to fight pirates Huggins : International effort must engage all stakeholders ; coming conference holds hope
CNN  -- Using military-grade helicopters , night-vision equipment and guns fitted with stealth silencers , organized crime syndicates are taking rhino poaching to a whole new level and conservation parks are struggling to keep up . Sabi Sand -- South Africa 's oldest private game reserve -- is now spending half of its annual maintenance budget on security to protect the endangered rhino . Sabi Sand conservationist Andrew Parker told CNN that defense costs could become "  unaffordable . " "  There 's no question we 're fighting a counter insurgency war here , " he said . "  As much as we increase the risk , all it will do is it will drive up the price of the horns , it will raise the stakes , the poachers will become more organized and better prepared to fight . " It 's a problem across South Africa , but despite investment and innovation , unmanned drones , sniffer dogs and increased security have all failed to halt the rising tide of rhino slaughters , as poachers hunt the herbivores for their horns . Read this : Drone ranger -- unmanned plane to spy on rhino poachers Decimated by illegal poaching , the endangered rhino has increasingly come under attack in recent years . In South Africa alone , the government is estimating 1,000 killings for 2013 , while last year there were 668 slaughters . But poaching rhino horn is a lucrative industry with much of the loot sold on to the affluent classes in Asia , particularly China and Vietnam , where it is believed by some that the horns can cure cancer and boost virility . With a kilogram fetching up to $ 20,000 , a single horn weighs around 10kg , according to a report by Moses Montesh , a professor in criminology at the University of South Africa . However , exact prices are hard to measure with some saying a kilogram is more valuable than gold by weight . Montesh told CNN that some of the crime syndicates , getting rich off their relentless poaching , even include former army and police officers . He said : "  In some instances evidence suggests that private game operators are involved in rhino poaching . These guys are very familiar with all military and poaching techniques . " Montesh suggested that the South African armed forces could have a role to play in deterring poachers . He added : "  Currently our defense force is not involved in any military operation . I think this is an opportunity to keep our army active . The use of military drones can be handy . " Read this : Boy 's website helps tourists spot big beasts But Julian Rademayer , author of "  Killing for Profit , " told CNN the crime syndicates , based in Mozambique and operating across the border in South Africa , are out of reach of the authorities . "  You 've got two levels , the syndicate crime that is untouchable , " he said , "  and then you 've got poachers being recruited in very impoverished communities in Mozambique and they 're cannon fodder to the syndicates . " With poaching operations growing ever more sophisticated , the South African government has considered a radically different approach . In July , the government , led by President Jacob Zuma , openly backed a plan for a legal one-off sale of part of its billion-dollar stockpile of rhino horns in an effort to cripple the market . The government 's thinking was that it could flood the market by selling stockpiled horn and regulating trade . The move , advocates say , would send the current sky-high prices tumbling , thus remove the incentives for poaching , and ultimately help prevent further mass killings of the species . But Kelvin Alie , director of wildlife crime and consumer awareness at the International Fund for Animal Awareness , told CNN legalizing the rhino horn trade could be "  disastrous . " "  A failed experiment such as this could result in the decimation of rhino populations , " Alie said . "  We should not even consider talking about satisfying demand , and especially not about flooding markets , when we have no idea of what demand is , particularly given recent rises in consumption . " Alie called on governments to make illegal rhino horn trading a priority in order to protect the animal . He added : "  An integrated enforcement strategy among police , wildlife , military , judges and custom officials is needed to effectively combat the trade . " Brent Swails contributed to this report .	Conservation parks in South Africa struggling to keep up with rhino poachers Organized crime syndicates use sophisticated equipment for poaching South Africa said it would seek permission to sell some of its stockpiled rhino horn
I 'm really not sure how I feel about the color purple . It 's elegant and regal , but part of me also wants it to die in a ditch . No offense to our mountain majesties or eggplants . But , really , purple is kind of a confused , soulless color that , deep down , wishes it was blue , yet ca n't shake the fact that somewhere down on the family tree one of its relatives had hot , unprotected color sex with red . "  I shall not deny my feelings for you . " "  That 's great , Blue . But what 's with the leather chaps ? " Love it or hate it , get used to it . Purple is going to be big in 2014 , at least according to our color overlords at the Pantone corporation who recently announced the upcoming color of the year : Radiant Orchid . With its "  enchanting harmony of fuchsia , purple and pink undertones , " Radiant Orchid actually seems rather zen and peaceful . But it also sounds exotic and , dare I say , mildly hallucinagenic . Trust me , someone at CU-Boulder will find a way to smoke this color . Now , if it all seems a little weird to you -- the fact that there even exists a color of the year -- understand that Pantone , headquartered in Carlstadt , New Jersey , heralds itself as "  the global color authority and provider of professional color standards for the design industry . " Basically , the company name has become synonymous worldwide with color language and communication . That means a designer in Denmark can say to a manufacturer in Pittsburgh , "  We want all of our widgets to be Pantone Winter Booger " and they 'll both know exactly what that looks like . That 's assuming Winter Booger is actually a shade of green in Pantone 's official palette . If it 's not , it should be . I have several samples under my desk . Regardless , Pantone 18-3224 , Radiant Orchid , is apparently the big color for next year . And why ? Because they said so . Granted , there 's a lot of research that goes into this big decision , for choosing a color of the year is slightly more involved than just asking your buddy , Dave , to decide . "  Orange . " "  Can you be more specific , Dave ? " "  You know , like an orange . " It has to be bigger than that . After all , this is the one color that will supposedly express "  what is taking place in the global zeitgeist " Thus , to finally crown Radiant Orchid , Pantone searched the world over for design and color influences , pulling ideas from entertainment to technology . And , in the end , viewing the planet as one big global community , they decided , "  Welp , this is sorta where we 're at . " Purple . Of course , Radiant Orchid marks is a drastic departure from 2013 's wild and daring color of the year , Pantone 17-5641 Emerald . Which , I submit , looks astonishingly close to Winter Booger . Perhaps as a return to civility , Radiant Orchid appears somewhat closer to 2012 's color of the year , Pantone 17-1463 Tangerine Tango . "  Can you be more specific , Dave ? " "  You know , like a tangerine tango . " Really , I have no idea what the hell any of this means . But , especially to those in the design community , it matters . And , somehow , as a brand , Pantone has actually become culturally iconic . At least in certain circles . In fact , now you can literally buy accessories like mugs and iPhone cases that are intentionally designed to look like a Pantone color swatch . It 's sort of like getting your favorite element from the periodic table printed on something because , damn it , you love Boron . But , Pantone merchandise , in a way , actually makes sense . I mean , why not express and represent yourself with a color . Perhaps asking one 's Pantone will even become a part of our lexicon . "  Hey man , what 's your Pantone ? " "  Oh , I 'm not wearing pants today . " So , in 2014 keep an eye out for purple . From fashion runways to websites to living rooms , Radiant Orchid is going to be everywhere . That , and Winter Booger . Well , maybe not everywhere . But definitely under my desk . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	The Pantone company announced its 2014 color of the year : Radiant Orchid Radiant Orchid is an "  enchanting harmony of fuchsia , purple and pink undertones " Pantone swatches have become rather hip as an accessory
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli soldiers and several dozen Palestinians clashed in Jerusalem Saturday , exchanging volleys of rocks , tear gas , fire bombs , and rubber bullets , according to eyewitnesses and the Israeli military . Hundreds of Palestinians gathered in the northern Jerusalem neighborhood of al-Ram for the burial of 25-year-old Palestinian man , Talat Ramiyeh . He was shot the day before by Israeli security forces in a protest opposing Israeli police entering the compound that houses Jerusalem 's al-Aqsa mosque , Palestinian officials said . After the funeral , about 60 Palestinians began throwing rocks and fire bombs at an Israeli military position near the entrance to the neighborhood , an Israeli military spokesman said . The soldiers responded with tear gas and rubber bullets . There was no immediate word of injuries . The death of Ramiyeh prompted a condemnation from Palestinian Authority Prime Minster Salam Fayyad . He implored the the international community to hold Israel responsible for what he described as the "  concerted use of violence against peaceful protests . " The military spokesman said Ramiyeh 's death was still under investigation , but a preliminary report suggested that he had been engaged in a "  violent riot " and aimed fireworks at Israeli security personnel who responded with live fire . The investigation suggested that Ramiyeh was hit in the shoulder , the spokesman said . Saturday 's protest marked the latest in a series of disturbances connected to the compound that holds Jerusalem 's al-Aqsa mosque . During the past week , clashes around the sensitive religious site known the Noble Sanctuary to Muslims and the Temple Mount to Jews erupted on multiple occasions amid rumors that Israeli authorities were allowing right-wing Jewish activists access to the compound in order to stoke tensions with Palestinians . Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld denied the reports and said access to the location was being administered under normal guidelines .	The fighting occurred in Jerusalem 's al-Ram neighborhood There 've been disturbances tied to Jerusalem 's al-Aqsa mosque Palestinian PM Salam Fayyad condemned Ramiyeh 's death
Mashable  -- So you want to work at Facebook , one of the world 's hottest companies -- what do you have to get your foot in the door and get noticed ? It 's not going to be easy -- you have competition . Facebook received 250,000 job applications last year and is consistently rated as one of the best places to work . And with Facebook 's IPO around the corner , the competition for jobs is only going to heat up . There are plenty of ways to get noticed and stand above the crowd , though . I chatted with Thomas Arnold , head of recruiting for the social network , on what the company looks for and what it takes to get a job at Facebook . What jobs are available at Facebook ? Ever since Facebook announced it was moving to a bigger office and raised $ 2 billion in funding , it has been ramping up its hiring . While there are many openings in legal , communications , HR , marketing , online operations , business development , IT , design , user experience and internationalization , the company is especially looking for technical talent , especially software engineers and product managers . The Facebook interview process I actually went through the entire Facebook interview process in 2008 , before I joined Mashable as an associate editor . And while it 's definitely changed since I applied for a job on the company 's User Operations team , the basic format has remained the same . The first step is almost always a recruiter phone-screening -- Facebook will begin exploring your resume , asking you about your previous work , especially about what you 've built and what leadership roles you 've had in the past . Sometimes there 's a second screening , depending on the role . If you pass the screening , the company will fly you out to its Silicon Valley headquarters for a series of on-site interviews with the hiring manager  your potential future boss  and a group of your peers -- in other words , you will be interviewed by the members of the team you 're hoping to join . As Arnold explained to me , these interviews are designed to determine whether you have the skills for the job and whether you 're a cultural fit . The group then makes "  a collective decision on whether you 're a great fit " for the position . The process itself greatly varies from group to group -- expect more technical skill challenges if you 're applying for an engineering job . Oh , and one extra piece of advice from me : Always put the user first in any scenario or interview question . Standing apart from the crowd With more than a quarter of a million applicants , how does Facebook whittle down the applicant pool ? "  We 're primarily looking for builders , " Arnold says . He explains that Facebook has an entrepreneurial spirit and is a flat organization , and thus it 's looking for people who can thrive in that environment . Employees need to be self-starters who do n't need a lot of direction , so autonomy and self-motivation are highly valued . Builders -- especially engineers who like to build projects on their own and have cool , working products or apps they can show off -- are sought after by the Facebook team . If someone builds a unique application and/or solves a problem in a way that has n't been done before , he 's going to get Facebook 's attention . Strong applicants to Facebook also "  just get the social space , " Arnold says . They not only understand the product , but can see the company 's vision . Even more important is that they 're active users of the product . This may seem like a no-brainer , but Arnold says his team finds a lot of applicants who have n't used their Facebook accounts in weeks or even months . And that is a very clear sign to Facebook that the person wo n't be a good fit . Finally , it 's very helpful to know someone at Facebook who can vouch for you -- this was true even when I interviewed with the social network three years ago . While I got special consideration due to my unique history with Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook , I still had a Facebook reference . Final thoughts While I ultimately failed to secure a job at Facebook , you do n't have to let that be the case for you . For those of you applying to non-technical roles , be sure you 're active users , understand the company culture and have a resume filled with leadership and "  builder " activities . It 's more impressive if you launched an organization or product than if you simply took it over . For technical talent , the best thing you can do is build something . If you build a really impressive iPhone application that gains some traction , you 're going to get noticed . If you are a major contributor of open source code to various projects , you 're going to get noticed . In the end though , the big filter is cultural fit . There is n't really much you can do to prepare for that -- the Facebook team simply knows if you 're going to mesh well with them or if you 're not going to be able to keep up . And as I said before , be sure to have an employee refer you . Otherwise , you 're going to have a really difficult time just getting the phone screening . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The company is especially looking for technical talent Strong applicants to Facebook "  just get the social space , " Thomas Arnold says In the end , the big filter is cultural fit
CNN  -- After 35 years away , British singer Kate Bush returned to the stage Tuesday night -- and the response was rapturous . "  There was something thrilling about seeing the often bonkers but still delightful imagination of Bush run free after all this time , " wrote Bernadette McNulty in the UK Telegraph about the show at London 's Eventim Apollo , which included giant paper airplanes , reptilian monsters and sets with odd perspectives . Novelist David Mitchell  "  Cloud Atlas "  contributed some of the narrative . "  She moves with a lithe grace , clearly still drawing on the mime training she underwent as a teenager forty years on . Her voice too is in remarkable condition : she 's note-perfect throughout , " wrote Alexis Petridis in the Guardian . "  The most ambitious piece of theatrical pop ever seen on a British stage , " noted the Independent . The show , titled "  Before the Dawn , " has been hotly anticipated for months . The 77,000 tickets , for a run of 22 concerts , sold out in minutes back in March . Fans are coming from all over the world to see her -- and , in some cases , paying dearly for the privilege . Among those in attendance : David Gilmour  who helped get her career started  , Bjork , Lily Allen and actress Gemma Arterton . The first-day visitors were glad they came . "  It was just hypnotic , " one spectator told the Telegraph . "  Kate Bush last night was phenomenal , one of the best shows I 've ever seen , " wrote singer Anna Calvi on Twitter . The show was n't without its complaints -- mainly over a request to not use smartphones . "  Personnel  are patrolling for phones in a very intense way , " noted the Guardian in a live blog . Bush is known for her acrobatic voice and expansive , thoughtful albums , that have sometimes come out years apart -- which only makes her fans more frantic in anticipation . In the U.S. , she 's probably best known for the 1985 album "  Hounds of Love , " which contained the single "  Running Up That Hill , " and her duet with Peter Gabriel , "  Do n't Give Up , " which appeared on Gabriel 's 1986 album "  So . " She has been reluctant to perform live for a number of reasons . There have been rumors of stage fright and fear of flying . She became a mother and wanted to raise her son , Bertie  who was a key supporter in bringing her back , she wrote in the show program .  There was also a dark experience at the beginning of her previous tour , in 1979 , when her lighting director died in a fall . Kate Bush to perform live for the first time in 35 years As recently as 2011 , she was uncertain she would ever play live again . "  I still do n't give up hope completely that I 'll be able to do some live work , but it 's certainly not in the picture at the moment because I just do n't quite know how that would work with how my life is now , " she told the UK music publication Mojo .	Kate Bush dazzles in first show in 35 years "  Most ambitious piece of theatrical pop ever seen " on UK stage , says one review David Gilmour , Bjork , Lily Allen on hand Bush best known in U.S. for "  Running Up That Hill "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More than 3,000 U.S. troops scheduled to deploy to Iraq wo n't go after all , as the military tries to draw down troop levels in the war-torn country , a Pentagon spokesman said Saturday . U.S. troops speak to an Iraqi child in Baghdad on Monday . The 1st Infantry Brigade Combat Team , 10th Mountain Division will not replace a North Carolina National Guard unit already in Iraq , Lt. Col. Eric Butterbaugh told CNN . The 3,500-troop combat team , based in Fort Drum , New York , was to leave in January , he said . " -LSB- The cancellation -RSB- reflects a thorough assessment of the security environment in Iraq and continued improvement in the ability of the Iraqi security forces to safeguard Iraqi citizens and institutions , " Butterbaugh said . The National Guard unit is still on schedule to return home , which will speed up the drawdown of forces , he said . The troop withdrawal in Iraq coincides with a debate in the Obama administration on whether to send as many as 40,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan . As of Friday , 250 U.S. soldiers have been killed in Afghanistan since the start of the year , according to a CNN tally based on Pentagon numbers . The United States plans to withdraw all its combat troops from Iraq by August , leaving 50,000 in advisory roles . Those advisers are to leave by the end of 2011 . Concerns that a delay in the upcoming Iraqi elections could put a dent in scheduled withdrawals was rejected Friday by U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Chris Hill . "  As for our schedule of troop withdrawal , we 've been pretty clear about when the troops would be withdrawn , " he told CNN . "  So our plan is to draw down the troops as we 've said we 're going -LSB- to -RSB- do . " The polls are scheduled to open January 16 , but both the United States and the United Nations are worried because Iraq still has no election law . If a new law is n't adopted , the government may have to change the election date or rely on the law used in the 2005 elections , some officials say . A vote on the new law is expected Monday . Pentagon officials also must weigh the impact of continuing violence in the country . Hill said the violence is a concern , as are insurgent efforts to undermine attempts at reconciliation in the divided country . "  Reconciliation is a tough business . I mean I 've been in some of these meetings with people , you know , they do n't like each other , you have to get them to work together , get them to understand their futures are together , and then you get a bombing , which makes it even tougher , " Hill said . "  Again , I think the Iraqi people have really signaled that they are really sick and tired of this stuff . " Meanwhile , violence continued in Iraq on Saturday . Four soldiers were killed and 10 people , including civilians and security forces , were wounded when a bomb targeting an Iraqi army checkpoint exploded in Falluja , an Anbar province town , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . Elsewhere in Anbar , a suicide truck bomb hit a police checkpoint on a bridge west of Ramadi , wounding a police officer . The blast badly damaged the bridge , which carries a highway linking Iraq with Jordan and Syria , the official said . Traffic had to be rerouted to an another road . Anbar province , a massive region populated mostly by Sunni Arabs , had been a major front in the Iraqi war . The al Qaeda in Iraq militant group once held great sway in Anbar , but its influence lessened with the advent of U.S.-backed groups called Awakening Councils . CNN 's Scott Spoerry and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Cancellation reflects improved conditions in Iraq , official said Iraqi elections wo n't delay scheduled withdrawals U.S. says , Ambassador Chris Hill "  Our plan is to draw down the troops as we 've said we 're going -LSB- to -RSB- do , " says Hill The United States plans to withdraw all its combat troops from Iraq by August
CNN  -- Shock and sadness etched the faces of residents in northeastern Wisconsin as daylight on Monday revealed the damage left behind by a powerful storm that cut a swath through the state . An emergency declaration has been made for the city of Kaukauna , where early estimates were that 157 homes had been either damaged or destroyed Sunday night , the city 's police chief said . City officials , including the police , fire , planning and utility departments , went out in four teams for the morning assessment . "  This tornado , what we believe is a tornado , moved through , hit the back of houses , jumped over the front of those , then hit the front of the houses homes and hit the front of the houses on the other side of the street , " said Kaukauna Police Chief John Manion . Despite the damage estimates , which officials believe will grow , no injuries were reported in Kaukauna from the storm . "  People were well warned , " Manion said . "  That contributes to life . " Kaukauna is about 20 miles southwest of Green Bay . Authorities in Lincoln County , in northern Wisconsin , did a door-to-door search after the Sunday night storm . At least 25 homes suffered severe damage , said Mark Handlin of the Lincoln County Sheriff 's Office . The worst damage was north of Merrill , about 170 miles north-northwest of Milwaukee , he said . Crews are working to clear downed trees and power lines , Handlin said . A shelter has been set up at a motel . Two residents were airlifted to a larger regional hospital because of the extent of their injuries , said Brian Sladek , director of Lincoln County emergency management . Other minor injuries were reported .	Daylight reveals extensive storm damage across Wisconsin 157 homes are damaged or destroyed in city of Kaukauna ; no one is hurt Lincoln County officials do a door-to-door search after the storm
Instyle.com  -- It has been nearly 30 years since Princess Diana walked down the aisle at St. Paul 's Cathedral and the world is anxious for another royal wedding of the same fairy tale proportions . And if Kate Middleton and Prince William 's appearance at their friends ' wedding over the weekend in England is any indication , the wait may be almost over . The usually publicity-shy couple arrived together for the festivities in Gloucestershire and even smiled for photographers when exiting the church .  Adding fuel to the matrimonial speculation -- the couple had just returned from a safari in Kenya . Yet another reason they look so relaxed and happy ? At the wedding , the always-elegant Kate wore a bright blue dress topped with a fitted black blazer and , in keeping with British tradition , an oversize hat -- hers accented with a feather . Prince William wore a dapper tailcoat and purple tie . InStyle.com : The best dressed celebrity brides Kate often lands on best-dressed lists for her princess-worthy fashion and , inevitably , her style is compared to Prince William 's mother , Princess Diana . Surely the late princess would have approved of Kate 's outfit on Saturday -- bright pops of color and full skirts are pages right out of Diana 's style playbook . Like the people 's princess , Kate is frequently seen in well-tailored clothes that flatter her figure without ever being overly revealing or too tight . Princess Di is n't the only royal to whom Kate has been compared . Among others , Kate takes style cues from the royals of Monaco and shares a penchant for fedoras , as did Princess Grace of Monaco , classic trench coats a la Princess Caroline of Monaco and sporty equestrian style as seen on Princess Charlotte Casiraghi of Monaco . InStyle.com : Kate Middleton 's Spot-On Princess Style The next biggest question after when in the royal wedding guessing game is who , as in which lucky designer will nab the honors of designing Kate Middleton 's wedding dress ? Will she opt for a relatively unknown name , as did Princess Diana when she asked David and Elizabeth Emanuel to design her dress ? Or will she go to Bruce Oldfield who designed fellow royal Queen Rania of Jordan 's dress for her big day ? Perhaps to the delight of fashionistas Kate will work with one of Britain 's top designers like Stella McCartney , Christopher Bailey of Burberry , or Vivienne Westwood who famously designed the dress Carrie wore when she got jilted in the first "  Sex and the City " movie ? One thing is for sure , all eyes will be on Kate Middleton to see how her fashion choices will evolve over the years . She has already scored points for her ladylike , princess-appropriate style and chances are once the title is official , the rest of the world will start copying her wardrobe and a Sotheby 's auction of her closet to benefit her favorite charity is inevitable ! See more of Kate Middleton 's best looks at InStyle.com . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The wait maybe over for Kate Middleton and Prince William 's engagement The usually publicity-shy couple arrived together for their friends ' wedding Kate often lands on best-dressed lists for her princess-worthy fashion
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The Italian government said it would halt the construction of a controversial landfill near Naples , but the assurance was not enough for protesters who clashed with police Saturday night , injuring six police officers . Residents were protesting not only the building of a new landfill , but the conditions of an existing landfill , which they said pose an environmental and health hazard . Guido Bertolaso , the chief of Italy 's civil protection agency , was named by the government to deal with the issue . He told reporters that the government would put the second landfill on hold and the current landfill will be analyzed for any dangers to people or natural resources . But protesters were wary of the government 's word , and continued their demonstration . Some 500 protesters were blocking the road that leads to the landfill , though police estimated that only 20 or 30 people were involved in the clashes with police . Some speculated that those involved were not even involved in the protest , but were hooligans looking to start trouble . Protesters hurled rocks , firecrackers and Molotov cocktails at police . Bertolaso met Sunday with the mayors of the towns in the landfill area in Naples to restate the governments position . But the mayors have not agreed to Bertolaso 's proposed compromise . Another meeting has been scheduled for Tuesday . "  We are going to continue these battles and I believe that we 'll obtain what we want , " said Domenico Auricchio , mayor of Terzigno . "  I only ask my citizens to have faith in the local institutions . We 'll continue to battle to the end , but now I ask that these acts of vandalism stop because they do n't bring any thing good to any one . " Another nearby mayor , Gennaro Langella of Boscoreale , said , "  Our citizens have asked for a bigger guarantee that a second landfill would not be open . It has not been possible to obtain that and therefore we do n't think we can sign the document . " Despite the lack of agreement , Bertolaso said the government will move forward unilaterally with its proposals . He also said that garbage in Naples , which has been piling up on streets , will be cleared within four days . Last week , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi promised that "  within 10 days , the situation should be brought to normality . " He said the current landfill poses no risk to the residents .	The Italian government promised to halt a second landfill near Naples It also said it would analyze any hazards from a current landfill Protesters continued their demonstrations Six police officers were injured
CNN  -- As a business decision , America Online 's recent announcement that it was planning to pull back its employee 401  k  matching program to save money was not a surprise . It is common practice for U.S. companies to lay off workers , reduce hours , and cut benefits to look more attractive to shareholders , even while posting record profits . Last year 's decisions by ESPN , Kellogg , and General Electric illustrate how layoffs are part of corporate growth strategies . Usually , layoffs are blamed on uncertainty , the need for efficiency , or the sluggish economy . The surprise was when he announced the change , AOL 's chief executive Tim Armstrong had placed blame for the cuts on Obamacare , which he says would cost the company $ 7 million , and two female employees with "  distressed babies " that cost $ 2 million in 2012 . However , after staff and public outcry , Armstrong saw the light and said his company would reverse its decision to dole out its matching funds to employees ' contributions in one lump sum at the end of the year , rather than match contributions in each paycheck . Here 's why two newborns and the costs of Obamacare were very unlikely reasons that AOL would have to change its 401  k  program to save money : Health care costs are unpredictable for everyone , not just new moms . After all , a healthy , single man can break his leg or be diagnosed with cancer at any time . Patients with expensive health care needs one year are not guaranteed to spend a lot on health care in the following year -- and anyone could have a health emergency at some point . That 's why we buy health insurance : to protect ourselves against an unpredictable and potentially devastating event . A large company like AOL is better able to spread the risk across all employees because it has many workers , most of whom are in good health . Rather than allow employees to sign up for various insurance plans through multiple companies , AOL is self-funded . That means it pays all claims directly , with a third-party administrator managing the business processes . Companies like AOL that self-fund their health benefits typically buy reinsurance policies to protect them from any exorbitant , unexpected claims . In addition , AOL employees are required to pay both a share of their insurance premiums and up to $ 6,000 per family in out-of-pocket costs , which means they are already paying a significant share of health-care spending increases . So two new moms and their newborns are merely a convenient excuse that companies like AOL can use to cut costs to benefit their shareholders and executives ' wallets . And why did Armstrong blame ObamaCare ? The Affordable Care Act does include fees for insurers and third-party administrators to help fund efforts to stabilize the individual and small group insurance markets . In 2014 , AOL may need to pay just up to $ 63 per year per insured employee . But because AOL offers comprehensive coverage to its employees , it would not be subject to the penalties that apply to larger employers that do not provide affordable coverage to their full-time employees , starting in 2015 . Employers can not blame the president for unpredictable health care costs either . In the past four years , the rate of national health care spending growth slowed substantially to less than 4 % per year -- half the growth rate of the previous four decades . Although it 's convenient for employers to blame Obamacare for any instability or changes to health-care spending , the fact remains that the cost of maternity or other benefits spread over a large insured population is minimal . In a 2011 report , the California Health Benefits Review Program found that adding a requirement to cover maternity services to individual insurance plans would result in just a 0.52 % increase in spending . Blaming two new mothers for these sweeping benefit cuts was an awful way to treat employees who are already facing the worst of all possible scenarios : a very sick child . It 's a mistake Armstrong should never make again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dylan Roby	AOL blamed 401  k  changes on cost of Obamacare and two sick newborns Dylan Roby : It promptly reversed its decision after staff and public outcry Roby : Obamacare ca n't cost that much : AOL is too big and workers pay big costs Roby : Maternity coverage cost spread over lots of employees would be minimal
CNN  -- A March storm , its eyes set on Washington , D.C. , broke a snowfall record in Chicago and prompted the cancellation of more than 1,000 flights for Wednesday . The system was expected to dump up at least 4 inches in Pittsburgh beginning Tuesday evening as it moved toward the District of Columbia and Baltimore , which braced for potentially significant accumulations , according to the National Weather Service . Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport had 6 inches of snow by Tuesday afternoon , besting a 1999 record for the date by 2.2 inches . It was the first 6-inch snowfall in the Windy City since the Groundhog Day blizzard of 2011 , the National Weather Service said . United Airlines said about 650 flights systemwide for Wednesday were canceled , most to and from Dulles International Airport near Washington . "  They will try to get as many aircraft out of Dulles today  Tuesday  as possible so they are not sitting in a snow storm , " United spokeswoman Megan McCarthy told CNN . "  This helps speed up the resumption of flights after the storm is passed . " Track the late-winter storm U.S. Airways reported 350 cancellations for Wednesday , and American Airlines called off 20 flights , down from 360 on Tuesday . Southwest Airlines said it made no major adjustments for Wednesday . Delta Air Lines reported 120 cancellations on Tuesday . Airlines advised passengers to check their flight status before heading to airports . O'Hare canceled 900 flights on Tuesday and reported delays , while Chicago 's other major airport , Midway , canceled 240 flights , according to the city 's aviation department . The storm deposited heavy snow on portions of the Ohio Valley and upper Midwest on Tuesday . By midafternoon Tuesday , Lake City , Minnesota , had been blanketed with 11.5 inches of snow since Sunday morning . New Hampton , Iowa , had 8.6 inches and the level stood at 15 inches in Langdon , North Dakota . The storm will intensify in the mid-Atlantic and parts of the Northeast on Wednesday , said CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen , with a rain-snow line from Washington to Boston . West of the line will see significant snowfall , particularly in the higher elevations of Virginia , Maryland and West Virginia . One weather model predicts that the snow wo n't make it to the District of Columbia , said CNN meteorologist Ivan Cabrera . Another says Washington , Philadelphia and Boston could see a foot of snow . The Washington suburb of Alexandria , Virginia , is prepared to deploy scores of trucks and snow plows , CNN 's Weather Center said . Washington and Baltimore were under a winter storm warning Tuesday evening . Arlington National Cemetery put in place inclement weather plans for Wednesday . Amtrak said it expected to operate as scheduled Wednesday . Interstate 95 , connecting the capital with Philadelphia , could see heavy snow , the weather service warned . Severe weather hit Gordon County , Georgia , on Tuesday afternoon , more than a month after a fierce system caused widespread damage in the area . Officials reported downed power lines , trees and damage to homes , said Cpl. Andrew York of the county 's dispatch center . About 10 homes were damaged , officials told CNN . No injuries have been reported so far . CNN 's Joe Sutton , Aaron Cooper and Carma Hassan and CNN meteorologist Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 1,000 Wednesday flights canceled Chicago sets snowfall record for the day Wednesday will be crunch day for mid-Atlantic Heavy snow possible in upper elevations in Virginia , Maryland , West Virginia
CNN  -- The past few weeks have been hard for 9-year-old Thomas Goodall , who lost his grandmother in early October . It was the first major loss of a loved one for the boy with autism from North Baddesley , England , who relies on a consistent routine to avoid meltdowns , his father , Ross Goodall , said Things finally began to take a turn for better on Monday , when Thomas received a comforting video message from actor Peter Capaldi , who plays Thomas ' favorite TV character on "  Doctor Who . " For the first time since his grandmother 's death , Thomas smiled . "  I think it probably meant everything to him , " his father told CNN . "  I think it gave him the emotional support that we as parents could n't . " After Ross Goodall uploaded the video to YouTube on Thursday for family to see , others took notice and started sharing it , drawing more than 200,000 views in 48 hours . It did n't come out of the blue . Thomas comes from a household of Whovians , where sonic screwdrivers , robot Daleks and TARDIS time-travel machines make up much of the decor . What fate awaits "  Doctor Who " in the finale ? The fanaticism extends to Thomas ' fashion choices . His signature outfit consists of a checkered shirt , suspenders and bow tie in honor of the 11th incarnation of the time-traveling doctor played by Matt Smith -- one of Thomas ' favorite doctors . Other days , he wears a pair of Converse sneakers , 10th doctor David Tennant 's trademark look . When Capaldi took over the role from Smith in 2013 , it was a big deal for Thomas , Ross Goodall said . To help cope with the change , Thomas sent Capaldi a letter in September letting him know that he looks forward to following Capaldi 's adventures as the new Doctor Who . Capaldi responded with a letter and autographed headshot . After Thomas ' grandmother died , Ross Goodall reached out to Capaldi through his agent and explained that Thomas was having a hard time dealing with the death of his grandmother . Capaldi came through with the video . "  Thank you very much for your letter . I really enjoyed getting it because , you see , when Clara and I are traveling around time and space , sometimes bad things happen to us . And , you know what , Thomas , sometimes sad things happen to us , too , so it 's nice to know that there 's somebody like you out there who 's on our side , and you should know that we 're on your side . "  So you look after yourself , take care and be happy . "	"  We 're on your side , " actor Peter Capaldi tells fan grieving loss of his grandmother 9-year-old Thomas Goodall comes from a home of "  Dr. Who " fans , or Whovians Thomas wrote a letter to Capaldi when he took over role from Matt Smith
CNN  -- First lady Michelle Obama 's official trip to southern Africa next week will focus on youth leadership and education , and will include meetings with key figures in the anti-apartheid struggle . Obama will make stops in South Africa and Botswana during the weeklong visit that starts Monday . She will highlight the benefits of education and wellness , and urge youth in the continent to be part of the national dialogue , according to the White House . "  The trip is a continuation of Mrs. Obama 's work to engage young people , especially girls and young women , at home and abroad , " the White House said . The first lady 's first stop will be in Pretoria , where she will meet with South African President Jacob Zuma . Before heading to Johannesburg and Cape Town , she will take a tour of an apartheid museum with Nelson Mandela 's wife , Graca Machel . She will also visit Robben Island , where Mandela was held for the majority of the 27 years he was in detention for fighting apartheid . The schedule released by the White House did not mention a meeting with the 92-year-old former president . The latter part of the trip includes a meeting with Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu , and a visit to Soweto and the site of the 2010 World Cup . Her visit to neighboring Botswana will include a tribute to girls overcoming hurdles to success . In addition to visits with top leaders , she will also attend a series of public events , meet embassy officials and take part in community service projects in both countries . After a safari , she will depart from the Botswana capital of Gaborone on Sunday . Her visit marks the second to sub-Saharan Africa by a member of the Obama family since the president took office more than two years ago . President Barack Obama went to Ghana in 2009 . The first lady made similar trips to Brazil , Chile , El Salvador , India , Mexico and the United Kingdom . She will be accompanied by her mother , Marian Robinson , and two daughters , Sasha and Malia .	Michelle Obama 's first stop will be in Pretoria to meet South African President Jacob Zuma The first lady will highlight the benefits of education and wellness to youth She will also visit Robben Island , where Nelson Mandela was detained for almost 27 years
Moscow  CNN  -- A suspected mastermind of twin bomb attacks in the Russian city of Volgograd was killed in a police operation in the restive North Caucasus republic of Dagestan , state media reported Wednesday . The man died in a shootout at a house in the town of Izberbash , the official Itar-Tass news agency said . One accomplice surrendered to police , but others were killed alongside the suspected mastermind , the news agency said . The attacks on Volgograd 's public transit system in late December , which killed 34 people and injured about 100 , shocked Russia and fueled security concerns ahead of the Sochi Winter Olympics . 57 % of Americans think terror attack likely at Sochi Games One bombing targeted the city 's main train station and the second , carried out within 24 hours , hit a trolley bus . Two other people were arrested last week on suspicion of transporting the suicide bombers to Volgograd . Russian security forces have carried out a number of operations in Dagestan in recent weeks . The southern republic is the hotbed of an ongoing Islamist insurgency blamed for previous terror attacks in Russia . CNN 's Phil Black reported from Moscow and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Suspected mastermind killed in a police shootout in Dagestan , Itar-Tass reports One accomplice surrendered but others were killed , the news agency says The bombings in Volgograd in December killed 34 and injured more than 100 Russian security operations have focused on suspected Islamist militants in Dagestan
CNN  More than a week after the Paris terror attacks and with an investigation in full swing , the evidence points to an international conspiracy by militants to bring terror to the streets of France 's capital . There are reports of a new accomplice , in addition to the three gunmen killed by French authorities and the widow of one , who escaped . There 's a money trail that points to Yemen and a cache of weapons reportedly found in an apartment . This all comes as a nation continues to mourn and Parisians flock to newsstands in support of the satirical magazine targeted by the terrorists . Everyone seems to want a piece of history . Three million copies of Charlie Hebdo 's first edition since the terrorist attacks flew off newsstand racks Wednesday . Another million or so went on sale Thursday . The cover features a cartoon of the Prophet Mohammed crying as he holds a sign saying "  Je suis Charlie , " or "  I am Charlie , " beneath the headline "  All is forgiven . " This run of the magazine could reach 5 million copies . Some have criticized the magazine 's decision to depict Mohammed , however , since this is deeply offensive to many Muslims . The government of Jordan condemned the move Thursday , saying that continuing to publish "  offensive drawings " of Mohammed would "  hurt the feelings of the Muslim communities everywhere . " This irresponsible act "  does not represent the freedom of expression , which is based on the foundation of the responsibility and the respect of religions , " its statement added . Freedom of expression is a right , but there are limits when it comes to insulting faiths , Pope Francis told reporters Thursday , referring to events surrounding the Charlie Hebdo attacks . "  One can not provoke , one can not insult other people 's faith , one can not make fun of faith , " Francis said on a flight from Colombo , Sri Lanka , to the Philippines . Likewise , he said , people have religious liberty , but "  one ca n't kill in the name of God . " He said this after a reporter asked him about religious liberty and freedom of expression . Francis noted that the reporter was French , and he framed his answer with the Paris attacks : "  You are French ? Let 's  reference  Paris , let 's speak clearly . " Pakistan 's National Assembly on Thursday unanimously passed a resolution condemning the publication of a caricature of the Prophet Mohammed by Charlie Hebdo , Pakistan 's Dawn News reported . The resolution also calls on the European Union , the United Nations community and the Organization of Islamic Cooperation take steps to prevent the publishing of such material , according to the report . Pakistan joins other predominantly Muslim countries whose leaders have spoken out against Charlie Hebdo for its latest publication . Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif "  said that freedom of speech should not be used to hurt the religious sentiments of any community " and that the world should discourage the "  publication of provocative material . " More funerals for victims of the violence were held Thursday . They included ceremonies for policeman Franck Brinsolaro , Charlie Hebdo cartoonists Bernard "  Tignous " Verlhac and Georges Wolinski , and columnist and psychoanalyst Elsa Cayat . All were killed in last week 's attack on Charlie Hebdo 's offices . Magazine staffers and contributors were gathered for an editorial meeting when , authorities said , brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi burst into the newsroom and gunned down staffers , killing 12 and wounding 11 . One positive story emerged from Friday 's deadly siege at a kosher grocery store in Paris , just two days after the Charlie Hebdo rampage . It was that of Lassana Bathily , a Malian Muslim immigrant and supermarket employee who said he helped some hostages into a walk-in freezer at the store while it was under attack . On Thursday , French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said France would grant him French citizenship , according to a statement . The French government expedited Bathily 's application , which he filed in July 2014 . Cazeneuve himself will conduct the citizenship ceremony on January 20 . Nearly 300,000 signatures have been added to a Change.org petition calling for Bathily to receive French citizenship and France 's prestigious Legion of Honor award . In a speech at the Arab World Institute , French President Francois Hollande said that Muslims " are the first victims of fanaticism , fundamentalism and intolerance " and that Islam was compatible with democracy . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility Wednesday for tCharlie Hebdo shooting . The attack was years in the making , AQAP commander Nasr Ibn Ali al-Ansi said in a video , claiming U.S.-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki was the mastermind behind it . Al-Awlaki was the terror group 's spokesman before a U.S. drone strike killed him in Yemen in 2011 . For days , intelligence analysts have been trying to piece together whether the Kouachi brothers , the gunmen who attacked the magazine , met him on trips to Yemen -- a theory that could be bolstered by the new video 's claim . What is al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ? Al-Ansi praised the magazine attack , saying it was revenge for Charlie Hebdo 's depictions of Mohammed . U.S. authorities said they think the video is authentic . But they were n't ready to say that AQAP helped carry out the assault . AQAP did not claim responsibility for the kosher grocery store siege but praised it . "  It was a blessing from Allah " that the store siege , in which four hostages were killed , took place about the same time , al-Ansi said . French security services have identified a suspected accomplice in that attack , according to the French newspaper Le Parisien . Police sources cited by the newspaper said one line of investigation is that the accomplice , a man from a Paris suburb , may have driven gunman Amedy Coulibaly to the kosher supermarket , where Coulibaly later shot dead four people . Coulibaly was killed in a police raid to end the siege . The Kouachi brothers also are dead . But investigators ' efforts to track down possible suspects tied to last week 's attacks are continuing . Le Parisien 's report said investigators identified Coulibaly 's suspected accomplice using keys for a motorbike discovered in an apartment they raided over the weekend . Neighbors told CNN the apartment , in the Paris suburb of Gentilly , was raided Saturday by police . Also found inside the apartment , according to Le Parisien : a stash of weapons , explosives and two ISIS flags . Coulibaly purportedly told authorities before he was killed that he belonged to ISIS . Police also think the suspected accomplice may have been responsible for shooting and wounding a jogger last week -- an attack that the Paris prosecutor has said could be tied to Coulibaly because the ammunition used was the same as ammunition found at the scene of the kosher market attack , Le Parisien said . Paris police would not comment to CNN on the contents of the report . Le Parisien says Coulibaly 's suspected accomplice , whom the newspaper did not name , may have fled France , possibly for Syria . Officials have also said they believe Hayat Boumeddiene , Coulibaly 's widow , may have played a role in the attacks and has fled to Syria . Coulibaly and Boumeddiene drove from France to Madrid on December 31 , a Spanish source close to the nation 's security sources told CNN . Coulibaly remained until January 2 , when he returned to France , while Boumeddiene flew that same day from Madrid to Istanbul , the source said . Spanish security authorities are investigating what Coulibaly and Boumeddiene did while in Madrid , and are trying to determine where they stayed , whom they had contact with , and whether they had any support in Spain . Eyup Serbest , a reporter for Hurriyet , a Turkish newspaper , said that on January 5 , two days before the Charlie Hebdo attack , police searched the hotel where Boumeddiene stayed in Kadikoy , Istanbul . Police took all the digital registration records on the hotel 's computer , including video recordings within the hotel . Belgian federal prosecutors told CNN on Thursday that a man is under arrest in Charleroi in connection with arms trafficking . They said he recently bought a car from Boumeddiene . Prosecutors said the man was "  known to police " but could n't be directly linked to Coulibaly . According to Belgian media , the man went to police after learning about last week 's shootings . They then searched his house and found documents that matched the type of gun Coulibaly used in Paris . CNN has not been able to independently confirm the details of the raid on the man 's home or the documents found , after contacting police . U.S. officials have told CNN it 's believed that when Cherif Kouachi traveled to Yemen in 2011 , he returned carrying money from AQAP earmarked to carry out the attack . Investigators said the terrorist group could have given as much as $ 20,000 , but the exact amount has not been verified . French newspaper La Voix du Nord reports that Coulibaly also secured funds that may have been used in the attack on the kosher supermarket . He got the loan for $ 7,000  6,000 euros  from the Cofidis Bank in Villeneuve d'Ascq , in northern France . The paper reported the amount that Coulibaly borrowed was not high enough to require an explanation of how the money would be spent . He took out the loan in December . U.S. President Barack Obama and UK Prime Minister David Cameron are expected to discuss the Paris attacks when they meet Thursday and Friday in Washington . The two leaders pledged to safeguard "  our way of life " in a jointly written opinion piece for the Times of London . "  We will continue to stand together against those who threaten our values and our way of life , " they said in Thursday 's edition . "  Along with our French allies , we have made clear to those who think they can muzzle freedom of speech and expression with violence that our voices will only grow louder . " With France on its highest level of alert , 10,000 troops have deployed across the country . Thousands of police officers are on patrol , including hundreds assigned to protect Jewish schools . Since the attacks , dozens of cases have been opened in France against people accused of expressing support for terrorism , the Justice Ministry said . It 's unclear how many people are blamed for the 54 infractions . The cases include investigations involving phone threats , cyberattacks and Facebook posts , the ministry said . Investigation : The key people , places and questions CNN 's Al Goodman , Dheepthika Laurent , Holly Yan , Salma Abdelaziz , Pierre Meilhan , Pamela Brown , Tim Lister , Vasco Cotovio , Daniel Burke , Barbara Starr , Greg Botelho , Hande Atay , Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley and Margot Haddad contributed to this report .	Report : Pakistani legislators condemn Charlie Hebdo over latest cover This comes after Jordan says the cover hurts the feelings of Muslim communities France will grant citizenship to Malian hero of the kosher supermarket siege
CNN  -- Halloween will come a little late for some this year , thanks to Superstorm Sandy , but in areas of New York that did n't take a major beating , revelers and trick-or-treaters were eager to celebrate after days of being cooped up inside . The situation is still dire in many parts of the East Coast , including New Jersey , where neighborhoods are littered with debris from shattered homes , downed trees and power lines . Citing safety concerns , Gov. Chris Christie signed an executive order Wednesday postponing Halloween . "  I 've taken this action to minimize additional risks to lives and the public safety as we begin the process of rebuilding and recovering from Hurricane Sandy , " Christie said . "  In too many communities in our state , the damage and losses from this storm are still being sorted out , and dangerous conditions abound even as our emergency management and response officials continue their work . " Elsewhere , residents in parts of New York , Pennsylvania and Connecticut were asked to hold off on trick-or-treating . Parades were postponed or canceled , including New York 's annual Village Halloween Party , which the Mayor 's Office of Emergency Management and the New York Police Department canceled for the first time in 39 years . But that did n't stop celebrations altogether for residents of New York 's outer boroughs who had planned on attending the Village Halloween Party . Hallow-meme costumes take off "  We were already planning on having a party . But now that nobody can get into Manhattan we are really having a party , " said Brooklyn resident Adam Scher , who invited friends to enjoy electricity and running water in the office of his online marketing agency in Clinton Hill Wednesday night . "  People need something to do , " he said . "  Everyone has been cooped up inside for the past four days , and nobody has anywhere to go or anything to do , so why not provide them with some fun celebratory festivities ! " In Brooklyn 's Williamsburg neighborhood , iReporter Luis C. Muniz took pictures of trick-or-treaters walking around storm detritus . "  Even though most of New York City is still paralyzed and without electricity , the spirit of Halloween is alive and well , " he said . On New York 's Upper West Side , costumed children and parents also had to avoid downed trees and store awnings surrounded by yellow caution tape as they searched for Halloween treats , which were in short supply . In some high-rise buildings that had power , the tradition of apartment trick-or-treating continued if residents could find candy . "  On the one hand , the kids and parents were so happy to be outside and have some semblance of Halloween celebration , " said iReporter Jodi Kaplan , who lives on the Upper West Side . "  What was striking was that the stores did not have any decorations , or had tape and boards over the front windows . Half of them are still closed down . And the half that were open were almost all out of candy . " An undercurrent of guilt pervaded the festive atmosphere , she said , because revelers knew that residents of lower Manhattan , much of which was still without power and littered with storm damage , could not participate . With several cities along the East Coast experiencing power outages , information was hard to come by , leaving many to improvise or source information through social media . Colleen Napoli of Wantagh , New York , posted updates on Facebook to alert friends who did n't have power in their homes but could check their smartphones . The town of Hempstead , where she lives , asked residents to postpone trick-or-treating until Saturday , and a parade in nearby Huntington was canceled . Halloween facts and figures Instead , the married mother of five brought her kids to East Meadow , where parents met in a school parking lot for a "  trunk or treat , " she said . They lined up their cars next to each other with trunks open to display big bowls of candy . The kids went from car to car scooping up treats before hitting the playground . While the kids got to expel pent up energy from being housebound , parents were able to commiserate , she said . They shared stories of losing roofs and exchanged information about school openings , upcoming games and where to find gas or bread . "  It was endearing and heartwarming to see a town coming together in this moment . It brought lightness to what was a dark situation , " she said . Elsewhere , the change in routine brought neighbors together as they 've been forced to improvise . For Lia Mariscal and her family in Hoboken , New Jersey , that meant Halloween actually arrived a little early this year . Her 13-floor , 70-unit apartment building was still without power Tuesday and surrounded by a couple of feet of water . "  Our building is full of bored trapped kids , " she said . To keep them busy , everyone gathered in the lobby and played board games on Tuesday . Later in the day , the children dressed up in their costumes and went trick-or-treating in the building , she said . "  Some of the families had not gotten a chance to get candy so they improvised , " she said in a Facebook message . Because she 's been home for four days , Jee Won Park , who normally works full time , finally met her neighbors in Washington Heights after living in her building for a year and a half . Thanks to one mother in the building -- "  There 's always one mom who organizes for all the other mommies , " said Park -- families have been taking turns hosting events and gatherings so the load is spread out among several families . Since Monday , there have been group playdates , a pancake party , movie sessions and even  this being New York  a yoga class . "  Because of the nature of my job , I have not been around very much , so it 's great to meet the other mommies , " said Park . "  It 's taken me a year and a half and a hurricane , " she said . "  They said , ` We never even knew you actually had a kid . ' " Did you celebrate Halloween in spite of Sandy or were you forced to postpone festivities ? Share your experiences in the comments section below . Like CNN Living on Facebook .	NEW : On New York 's Upper West Side , trick-or-treaters search for candy NEW : Families in Long Island gather in school parking lot for a "  trunk or treat " In parts of New York , Pennsylvania and Connecticut , citizens are asked not to trick-or-treat Finding ways for kids to pass the time has been the biggest challenge for some parents
Ajdabiya , Libya  CNN  -- The Libyan military bombed two key towns in the east again Thursday , stepping up efforts to reclaim a region lost to rebels . The aircraft targeted al-Brega and Ajdabiya , both of which were hit with bombs Wednesday . Opposition forces told CNN they were forging ahead , working to maintain their positions and fend off attacks by pro-Gadhafi forces . Rebels have armed themselves in some cases by raiding military installations and police stations . Morale on the part of the opposition seems to be high , while morale among Gadhafi 's forces -- which have seen defections as some members of the military have joined the protests -- seems low , CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from eastern Libya . Libyan jets Thursday dropped two bombs over al-Brega -- one near a military checkpoint and one near the main gate to a refinery , witnesses reported . In Ajdabiya , a tribal leader said the military dropped two bombs on military camps . Witnesses told CNN one bomb was near an ammunition depot . The situation in Libya is different from those in neighboring Tunisia and Egypt , where uprisings turned into revolutions that overthrew their rulers . Libya is facing a battle between government forces and rebel forces . "  This is becoming a war , " Wedeman tweeted . The more Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi uses aerial attacks , the more pressing discussions become in the West about imposing a no-fly zone over the country . U.S. military and diplomatic officials -- including Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Michael Mullen and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- have all said enacting a no-fly zone is complicated and risky , and international support for the idea is not there yet . "  If it 's ordered , we can do it , " Gates said , but imposing a no-fly zone "  begins with an attack on Libya to destroy the air defenses . " Libya 's deputy U.N. ambassador , Ibrahim al-Dabashi , appealed to the United Nations to impose a no-fly zone over the country after he broke with Gadhafi 's regime and expressed support for the protesters more than a week ago . U.S. President Barack Obama said Thursday the United States is examining a "  full range of options " in the Libyan crisis . There is a danger of a "  bloody stalemate " in Libya , he said , adding that he wants to be sure the United States "  has the capacity to act quickly in event of humanitarian crisis . " "  Col. Gadhafi needs to step down from power and leave , " Obama said . "  It 's the right thing to do . " The president also warned that advisers to Gadhafi need to understand that they will be held accountable for any violence they perpetrate against civilians . "  They should know history is moving against Col. Gadhafi , " Obama said . The Arab League Wednesday rejected foreign intervention , saying Libya is facing "  an internal affair that is decided by the people and their governments . " But the league can not ignore the suffering of civilians and would consider the imposition of a no-fly zone in coordination with the African Union if fighting were to continue , said Hisham Yousef , chief of staff of the Arab League . Gadhafi 's regime Thursday sought to create an impression that it still controls the vast majority of the country , with rebels in charge of only pockets . The government organized a trip for a CNN crew to visit a refinery in Zawiya controlled by the government . Rebels control the center of the city , but the refinery is on the outskirts . The refinery , Libya 's second largest , is operating at 80 % of its capacity , officials told CNN 's Nic Robertson . Managers said that while the refinery had not come under attack , some staff members had been unable to get to work . Protesters calling for the ouster of longtime leader Gadhafi have taken to the streets for a third week amid clashes with government forces . He has been in power for nearly 42 years . Musa Ibrahim , a spokesman for Gadhafi 's regime , told CNN , "  We need tribal intervention , social intervention to help us convince these people to come to the negotiating table . " The government spokesman denied any attacks on peaceful protesters despite numerous reports from the country of unarmed demonstrators being shot indiscriminately . More than 1,000 people are reported to have been killed and many more injured during the protests , according to the United Nations . Libya 's ambassador to the United States has estimated that the death toll was about 2,000 . The International Criminal Court Thursday said Gadhafi and some of his sons and advisers are under investigation for alleged crimes against humanity . "  I would like to use this opportunity to put them on notice , " ICC prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo told CNN . "  I want to be clear : If their troops commit crimes , they could be made criminally responsible . " It is the first time the court will be investigating claims as they are allegedly occurring . Libya is not a signatory to the Rome Statute , which created the ICC , and does not recognize the authority of the international court . But the United Nations Security Council referred the matter to the court , essentially giving it "  jurisdiction " over the situation in Libya , the court said . Nations have scrambled to evacuate hundreds of citizens as the unrest continues . The Netherlands defense ministry said Thursday that three Dutch navy personnel were captured by armed men loyal to Gadhafi during an evacuation operation Sunday . The ministry did not release information earlier because of safety reasons . Libyan state TV said the personnel were in a fighter helicopter and did not have permission from Libyan authorities to enter . The state TV report showed pictures of those believed to be the crew , as well as the helicopter and images of weapons . The U.N. refugee agency reported that nearly 150,000 people had crossed Libya 's borders into Egypt and Tunisia , and thousands more were arriving hourly at the borders . Obama said he approved the use of U.S. military aircraft to help return to Egypt those Egyptian citizens who have fled to Tunisia to escape the unrest in Libya . Obama said he has also authorized the U.S. Agency for International Development to charter civilian aircraft to help people from other countries get back home . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Salma Abdelaziz , Arwa Damon , Nic Robertson , Ivan Watson , Eve Bower , Jim Boulden , Frederik Pleitgen , Richard Roth , Jack Maddox , Whitney Hurst and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report	NEW : Obama says the U.S. is examining "  a full range of options " NEW : Libyan state TV says the Dutch crew was in a fighter helicopter Bombs dropped on al-Brega and Ajdabiya The International Criminal Court prosecutor puts Libyan leaders "  on notice "
London  CNN  -- Tickets for the Monty Python reunion performance went on sale on Monday for as little as # 32  $ 51  , sold out in 43 seconds and promptly resurfaced on the auction site eBay for # 750  $ 1212  . As one of Eric Idle 's characters says in the movie , "  The Life of Brian : " "  We 're supposed to haggle ! " After tickets for the show at London 's O2 Arena on July 1 sold out , the PR agency for the event announced more shows on July 2-5 . The performance will be the five surviving stars ' first show on stage together since appearing at the Hollywood Bowl in September 1980 . Tickets are priced from # 32 to # 106  $ 171  including booking fees , with full details announced on the troupe 's website montyphythonlive.com . Hours after they went on sale , many tickets were on sale on eBay . Idle tweeted : "  This pretty much took us by surprise , so we are talking about adding more shows . " Idle , John Cleese , Michael Palin , Terry Gilliam , Terry Jones and the late Graham Chapman became comedic legends with the creation of Monty Python 's Flying Circus in October 1969 . They produced 45 TV episodes for the BBC and five films together before going their separate ways in 1983 . The shows mostly consisted of a string of often incoherent sketches , only occasionally with conventional punch lines and loosely tied together by Gilliam 's stream of consciousness animations . Although the TV show ran for only four seasons , it proved a massive cult hit when it was shown in the United States beginning in 1974 -- just as the show was winding up on the other side of the Atlantic . Cleese said at a news conference on Thursday that the show will have some new material , but many old bits -- some featured in new ways -- that fans will expect , along with "  comedy , pathos , music and a tiny bit of ancient sex . " "  I remember going to the Royal Albert Hall and seeing Neil Diamond where he got booed in the second half for singing new numbers . People really do want to see the old hits , but we do n't want to do them exactly in a predictable way , so it 's going to be a mix-up , I think , " Cleese added . Asked what he believes the modern twist will be , Gilliam replied : "  The fact that we can actually still walk and stand upright . " While the Python stars said they hoped the new performance will appeal to a new generation of fans , they admitted that money was one of the main factors in their decision to reform . "  I hope it makes us a lot of money . I hope to be able to pay off my mortgage ! " Jones said .	Monty Python reunion show in London on July 1 sells out in 43.5 seconds More shows announced for July 2-5 ; tickets priced between # 27  $ 43  and # 90  $ 145 Monty Python team produced 45 TV episodes and five films between 1969 and 1983
CNN  -- One of the main opposition videographers in Homs was killed on Tuesday as the Syrian city experienced its heaviest day of bombardment , residents and activists told CNN . "  Rami al-Sayed was crucial in getting the truth out through his videos posted on the Internet , " said Omar Shaker , a friend and a volunteer at Homs Media Center , a media group set up by activists to share information and videos about the city 's Baba Amr neighborhood . "  We will really miss him , especially the medical team who relied on him to document all the civilian injuries and deaths on video , " he added . Doctors struggle to save wounded children Al-Sayed 's own fatal injuries were also apparently recorded on Tuesday as his brother and a physician mourned his death at a mosque 's basement . The video was later uploaded to Al-Sayed 's YouTube channel . See Al-Sayed 's YouTube channel In the video , Dr. Mohammed al-Mohammed stands by al-Sayed 's dead body and says , "  I want to bring you the latest news , the martyrdom of one of the most important cameramen and one of our most important journalists in Baba Amr . " "  He kept bleeding here in the field hospital for more than three hours ; we tried to evacuate him outside the neighborhood but to no avail , " al-Mohammed added . Health workers set up underground network The 27-year-old was hit by rocket shrapnel as he tried to help a family flee bombardment , residents told CNN . "  Rami was killed because he was documenting and sending real-life stories from Baba Amr . Rami was killed because he was filming the facts ; but we will have 1,000 Ramis . ... Our revolution will prevail , " the doctor said as the camera zoomed in on shrapnel wounds on al-Sayed 's chest , abdomen and legs . The video-sharing site Bambuser released a statement Tuesday mourning al-Sayed 's death , also referring to him as "  Syrian pioneer , " his nickname on various social media outlets . "  Rami Ahmad al-Sayed has been one of the bravest and forefront fighters in getting the world 's attention on what 's going on in Homs , Syria . This afternoon , cameraman and journalist Rami Ahmad al-Sayed did his last broadcast -- he and his three friends were soon after this killed by the Assad armed forces , " the statement said . U.S. calls for international action on Syria CNN was unable to independently verify the circumstances of al-Sayed 's death . His last message to followers on Twitter was : "  Baba Amr is facing genocide right now . I do not want people to simply say our hearts are with you ! We need actions . We need campaigns everywhere inside Syria and outside Syria . We need all people in front of all embassies all over the world . In a few hours there will be no place called Baba Amr and I expect this to be my last message . No one will forgive you for just talking without any action ! " Al-Sayed , who had lost a cousin and a fellow videographer in December , is survived by his wife and an 18-month-old daughter . CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Rami al-Sayed , 27 , was hit by shrapnel and killed Tuesday , witnesses say He "  was crucial in getting the truth out though his videos , " a friend says A video posted on YouTube shows a doctor and al-Sayed 's brother grieving over his body
CNN  -- Protests over media freedom continued in Venezuela Tuesday , a day after two student protesters were killed in separate clashes . Student leaders opposed to cable operators ' decision to drop five television channels , including an opposition station , for failure to follow broadcast laws pleaded for an end to the violence at a demonstration in front of the state-run broadcaster . Also Tuesday , the Interior Ministry designated four investigators to look into the shooting deaths of the two students in the western state of Merida . The protests stem from the suspension of cable station Radio Caracas Television  RCTV  and five other stations over the weekend . The stations were pulled from the air because they did not broadcast a speech by President Hugo Chavez , as required by national broadcast laws . Protesters say that the suspension of RCTV , known for its anti-Chavez slant , was provoked by the Chavez government . The Chavez government had already pushed RCTV off of public airwaves in 2007 for similar violations . Then , as now , his opponents saw politics behind the move . The street protests this week produced confrontations with police and Chavez supporters , but have been more widespread . Photos from a weekend national baseball series showed many fans in the crowd wearing red bandanas over their mouths in protest . According to the preliminary investigation , a 16-year-old student was killed during an altercation in Merida Monday night , the state-run Bolivarian News Agency reported . The teen was identified as Yosinio Carrillo Torres . In a second incident in Merida , just before midnight , another youth , Marcos Rosales Suarez , was shot when a group of unidentified gunmen fired into a crowd of protesters . "  We applied the law , " Chavez said in a speech over the weekend . "  If they do n't follow it , they wo n't be allowed back on the air . " Many press freedom organizations , including the Committee to Protect Journalists , have urged Chavez to allow the stations back on the air right away . "  Pulling a television station from cable and satellite distribution because it chooses not to carry every word uttered by a politician would be laughable if this were n't Venezuela , " Carlos Lauria , CPJ 's senior program coordinator for the Americas , said in a statement . "  The action against RCTV is a disturbing sign of the growing censorship imposed by President Hugo Chavez . The authorities must restore all stations to subscription TV immediately . " The Venezuelan embassy in the United States released a statement challenging the way the RCTV incident was being portrayed , citing "  distortions in U.S. press coverage . " "  Once again an administrative sanction against media outlets that have failed to comply with broadcast laws are painted as measures against the political views expressed in their programming with the goal of attacking the democratic legitimacy of the Venezuelan government , " the statement said . The cable stations were aware of the laws and chose not to follow them , the Venezuelan government said . "  This is not a discriminatory nor arbitrary measure , " the statement said . In other developments in Venezuela , the president of state-owned Banco de Venezuela , Eugenio Vazquez Orellana , announced his resignation Tuesday . The resignation follows two other high-level resignations from Chavez 's upper ranks . Over the weekend , Venezuela 's vice president and defense minister Ramon Carrizalez , and minister for the environment Yuviri Ortega , also resigned .	Protests over media freedom continue in Venezuela a day after two protesters killed Students oppose cable operator dropping 5 TV channels , including opposition station Stations pulled from air for not broadcasting speech by President Hugo Chavez Protesters : RCTV suspension  known for anti-Chavez slant  provoked by government
EW.com  -- The 2012 box office got off to a fine start this weekend , as Paramount 's "  found footage "  riiiight ...  horror movie "  The Devil Inside , " which the studio acquired for just under $ 1 million , earned a tremendous $ 34.5 million in its first three days , becoming the first breakout box office star since "  The Lion King 3D . " In fact , the strong debut marks the third-best January opening of all time behind "  Cloverfield "  $ 40.1 million  and a re-release of "  Star Wars "  $ 35.9 million  . Is this a sign of things to come in 2012 ? Perhaps . But it 's more likely a sign of the recent popularity of possession movies . Demonic tales have made a mini-comeback in the last few years -- starting with the success of 2005 ′ s "  The Exorcism of Emily Rose , " which earned $ 75.1 million domestically . Since then , similar titles like 2009 ′ s "  The Haunting in Connecticut "  $ 55.4 million  , 2010 ′ s "  The Last Exorcism "  $ 41 million  , and 2011 ′ s "  Insidious "  $ 54 million  have all proven lucrative thanks to their tiny budgets . "  Insidious , " for example , cost just $ 1.5 million to make . Of course , the "  Paranormal Activity " movies  the fourth of which was just announced this week  are the biggest success stories of this whole trend . A total of $ 8 million has been spent making the three "  found footage " movies , yet they have earned $ 296.7 million domestically . Paramount marketed "  The Devil Inside " in much the same way the studio markets the "  Paranormal " films . Commercials included ample shots of audiences screaming at the screen , and viewers were encouraged to use social media to chat up the film with the "  Tweet Your Scream " campaign . Indeed , all the promotional costs -- certainly a much higher number than the budget -- helped "  The Devil Inside " achieve a stellar debut , but where does it go from here ? Well , it falls . Fast . Due to their overwhelmingly young audiences , who love to rush out to the theater on opening weekend , horror movies almost always open big and fall precipitously at the box office , but "  The Devil Inside , " with its utterly terrible "  F " CinemaScore grade  some issue has been raised as to whether the grade is actually an "  F " or closer to the "  C " range  , will likely plummet even more quickly . Not that it really matters , though -- the horror pic is already in the black , and it may finish with as much as $ 70 million . In second place , "  Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol , " another Paramount film , continued its comeback performance with $ 20.5 million in its fourth weekend . The action blockbuster , which became the biggest hit of the holidays , has now earned $ 170.2 million , and it should finish well above $ 200 million . "  Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows " held onto third place with a $ 14.1 million weekend . The sequel , which initially appeared a major disappointment when compared to the original "  Sherlock Holmes , " has redeemed itself handily in the last few weeks . After two weekends , "  Shadows " was trailing "  Sherlock Holmes " by $ 59.7 million , but over the past two weeks , the sequel has narrowed that gap to $ 22.7 million , and it now has a running total of $ 157.4 million -- still disappointing , but not nearly the disaster it first appeared . "  The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo " finished the frame in fourth place with $ 11.3 million , dipping only 24 percent , the smallest drop in the Top 10 . Could the edgy adaptation finally be finding its adult audience now that the warm n ' fuzzy holiday season is over ? After 19 days , "  Dragon Tattoo " has grossed $ 76.8 million , and if it maintains strong holds like this , it should pass $ 100 million . "  Alvin and the Chipmunks : Chipwrecked " rounds out the Top 5 . The kiddie threequel , which has majorly underperformed compared to expectations , dropped 42 percent to $ 9.5 million . It has now grossed $ 111.6 million total . The next three spots were filled by holiday releases that never totally found their footing . Two of them , "  War Horse " and "  We Bought A Zoo , " are performing respectably , though . The films earned $ 8.6 and $ 8.5 million , respectively , this weekend , and they have nearly identical totals of $ 56.8 million and $ 56.6 million . Still , there seems to be a common understanding in the blogosphere that "  War Horse "  which cost $ 66 million  is performing admirably , while "  We Bought A Zoo "  which cost $ 50 million  kind of fizzled , to which I say : Huh ?! In eighth place is a movie which has actually fizzled -- at least domestically . "  The Adventures of Tintin , " Steven Spielberg 's expensive motion-capture animation , dropped 42 percent this weekend to $ 6.6 million and $ 61.9 million total . In ninth place , Focus Features ' "  Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy , " which expanded into 809 theaters this weekend , performed admirably in its wider release . The well-reviewed spy drama maintained a robust $ 7,129 per theater average , giving the film a $ 5.8 million weekend and an early $ 10.4 million total after five weekends . "  New Year 's Eve " held onto a spot in the Top 10 for one final weekend . The ensemble romantic comedy fell 48 percent to $ 3.3 million . The film has earned $ 52 million  less than half the gross of Valentine 's Day  , and it likely wo n't make it much further . 1 . The Devil Inside - $ 34.5 million 2 . Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol - $ 20.5 million 3 . Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows - $ 14 million 4 . The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo - $ 11.3 million 5 . Alvin and the Chipmunks : Chipwrecked -- $ 9.5 million 6 . War Horse - $ 8.6 million 7 . We Bought A Zoo -- $ 8.5 million 8 . The Adventures of Tintin -- $ 6.6 million 9 . Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy -- $ 5.8 million 10 . New Year 's Eve -- $ 3.3 million See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Devil Inside " earned a tremendous $ 34.5 million in its first three days "  Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol , " continued its comeback performance with $ 20.5 million "  Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows " held onto third place with a $ 14.1 million weekend
CNN  -- Africa has the second largest population of any continent but only accounts for 3 % of global air traffic . The reasons for taking such a small share of the aviation market have been the same for decades : poor infrastructure , stalled liberalization , high taxes and fuel charges . It also struggles with a lack of routes linking cities , a lack of regular flights flying them and a lack of profitable airlines competing . However with the GDP of sub-Saharan countries expected to grow almost 6 % this year , according to the World Bank , there is still the belief that aviation can really take-off . "  The infrastructuure is improving , which was one of the key issues , " says Alexandre de Juniac , CEO of Air France . "  Airports , air traffic control , civil aviation regulations everywhere , they are improving , there are many programs coming from international organizations and there is an enormous need for air traffic coming directly from the economic growth . " Read more : Are airline loyalty schemes worth it ? The need for improved air travel across the continent is clear to many in the industry , where there are glaring gaps between growing economic centers . A flight between Cape Town in South Africa and Lagos , Nigeria , the second fastest growing city in Africa , should take six hours . Yet with no direct flights , the cheapest option via the Middle East takes up to 25 hours while the faster , yet more expensive routes within Africa still take ten hours . Often governments have been blamed for protecting their national carriers and refusing to deregulate the industry and open up the skies to greater competition . While South Africa has a number of liberalization agreements , its government agrees that more needs to be done "  There is a number of constraints in different countries , with regard to policies , with regards to the regulatory environment ... but in terms of the decisions themselves , we have taken the right ones , " says Malusi Gigaba , South Africa 's minister for public enterprise . "  Of course , you already have more foreign airlines flying in Africa than African airlines ... . but we would like to see even greater cooperation between these African airlines . " Kenyan Airways is one airline that is taking note . It recently suggested a merger with other local aviation big-hitters , South African Airways and Ethiopian Airways . Read more : Thefts on planes on the rise "  We ca n't go on the way we have , we have got to start consolidating , " says Titus Naikuni . "  We 've all been talking to each other . I do n't know if you call it a merger or whatever ,  but it is  to avoid a situation where we 're running two aircraft side by side at 50 % capacity . " If there 's a criticism , it is that it is creating less competition on a continent that is crying out for more . The real winners so far have been international carriers , particularly from the Middle East , that now make up almost 60 % of intercontinental traffic to and from Africa . Etihad Airways has routes from Abu Dhabi to major cities in Nigeria , South Africa , Kenya and North African countries and then partners with domestic airlines to reach second and third tier cities . "  What we are doing is complementing each others networks ... they can take us into 26 points in Africa they we 'll never touch , " says James Hogan , CEO of Etihad Airways . The greatest test to come then is if the quality of the air links outside the major hubs match the international routes . That will prove if African aviation can ever truly live up to its potential .	African airlines looking to code-share agreements to improve network Only 3 % of global air travel is from Africa More international airlines fly to and from African than African airlines
CNN  -- Canadian skier Nik Zoricic died of head injuries sustained from a crash while racing Saturday at a World Cup Ski Cross event in Grindelwald , Switzerland . The 29-year-old Toronto resident died as a result of "  severe neurotrauma , " despite being hospitalized shortly after the crash , according to a statement from the International Ski Federation . Zoricic fell just before the finish in the competition 's eighth round , slamming into the course 's safety netting , the statement said . Video footage showed him going wide to the right in the final jump . "  Nik was a very talented young ski racer and a great athlete who was much loved by his teammates and fellow competitors , " Alpine Canada president Max Gartner said . "  He will be greatly missed by all of us and the ski community as a whole . " Zoricic , who was born in Sarajevo , began as an alpine racer but later switched to ski cross , a type of timed racing that includes skiing over a variety of terrain which is thought to test both a skier 's freestyle and alpine skills . He was sixth in the overall standings in 2011 , according to the federation . U.S. racer Ted Ligety tweeted Saturday that "  skiing is a great sport that gives but it also takes . " "  Sad day to lose Nik Zoricic , you 'll be missed bud , " he wrote . Zoricic 's grandmother , Sofia Drudar , told CNN 's Canadian affiliate CBC , "  It is such a tragedy . The hardest part ... I 'm old already and still here and he is so young  and  gone . " The incident prompted race organizers to cancel the entire event , including the World Cup Final scheduled for Sunday . Zoricic 's death on Saturday comes in the wake of the death of another 29-year-old Canadian skier , who died following a brutal crash during a training run in Park City , Utah . Sarah Burke , an X Games freestyler and Olympic hopeful , died after a fall on January 10 . Dave Campbell , coach of Zoricic 's home ski club in Collingwood , Ontario , said the community was in shock . "  All over the world he  was  a very competitive young man , a very talented athlete . He was kind of a role model here at the club for all the young racers . " Zoricic went to the ski cross team in 2008 . His first World Cup podium finish was in January 2011 .	NEW : Skier was a role model for younger athletes , his coach says Nik Zoricic died of head injuries from a crash while racing Saturday The 29-year-old Toronto skier died as a result of "  severe neurotrauma " Zoricic fell just before the finish of the eighth round of the World Cup Ski Cross
A few hours before Hillary Clinton addressed an audience of around 6,000 people near Denver , the former secretary of state did what few people looking to sell a book would do : She toured a plastics factory . Clinton aides say the event was tied to her family 's foundation -- the Clinton Global Initiative -- and the fact that its annual meeting will be held in Denver later this month . But the optics of the event said something different . After touring the factory and giving short remarks about the power of American business -- "  I am convinced that American businesses can compete and win against anybody anywhere if we are at the top of our game , " she said -- Clinton stepped off the stage and headed to a rope line of eager factory workers and camera-toting employees . "  Let me shake a few more hands , " Clinton said , a comment reminiscent of refrains made by Iowa - or New Hampshire-bound politicians . In the last month , these two facts have been evident : Clinton-land wants you to know she has a memoir -- "  Hard Choices " -- coming out on June 10 and she has become more open about her presidential ambitions . Clinton discusses Berghdal in book And the two have a lot to do with one another . Instead of surrounding herself with the regular PR flacks and publicists in preparation to sell her book , Clinton has brought on seasoned campaign veterans and political communicators . Sources close to Clinton are talking about "  war rooms " and "  surrogate operations " instead of book signings . Clinton to take part in CNN town hall as book launches "  This is a very well orchestrated roll out that is going to make the book have far more impact and , yes , will add to her sense of candidacy , " said David Gergen , a senior political analyst with CNN who has deep connections with the Clintons . "  I think what you will see with her over the next year until she makes a firm decision is an occasional set of events like this that will keep her fresh , allow her to say her piece . " ' A very professional operation ' In addition to helping Clinton , the hypothetical candidate , Gergen said the book rollout will help her staff . "  It gives them a sense of what a political campaign feels like , " he said . "  I do n't think she has made her final call yet , but she is clearly laying the groundwork in a way that suggests a very professional operation . " Earlier this year , the former senator was also more measured in her remarks and more sheepish when answering questions about 2016 . In January , Clinton told an audience in New Orleans that she "  was n't thinking about " running and that she has "  tried to get other people not to think about it . " In Portland , she shrugged when asked about 2016 and walked off stage to a chorus of laughs . In Miami , she commended the way the question was asked , but failed to actually answer it . Fast-forward to June and Clinton was more openly talking about the worst-kept-secret in Washington : She is thinking about running for president . In an interview with People Magazine that was part of the book rollout , Clinton said she knows she has "  a decision to make " on 2016 and that she will "  just have to make my own decision about what I think is right for me . " In her Colorado speech on Monday -- the one after her campaign style tour of the plastics plant -- Clinton called the presidency "  as much a job as it is a mission " and when asked about how difficult it is to run , she remarked that she "  luckily " has "  a lot of resilience and a lot of stamina . " Her rhetoric , too , has started to sound more like a campaign . At the end of the speech in Colorado on Monday , Clinton closed with what sounded like an impassioned plea for support and , if the venue was different , for votes . "  Please join me , " she said , her voice raising over the roaring crowd , "  in making some hard choices for America . " Seasoned hands help communicate message With the stepped up rhetoric has come a more robust inner circle of Clinton aides to tightly and systematically trickle out information about the book . Once an operation with just a few press staff and advisers - along with dozens of informal friends and longtime confidants - the Clinton world has added a few seasoned political hands to help communicate Clinton 's message around the book . The Clinton team brought on Tommy Vietor , a National Security Council spokesman during Obama 's first term , to coordinate and assist in the response to the book and questions about Clinton 's record at the State Department . It has also tapped Kiki McLean , a former Clinton senior adviser and veteran of five presidential campaigns , to coordinate the surrogate operation around the book . With the new hires comes what one source called a war room of former diplomats who stand ready to respond to criticism of Clinton 's tenure at the State Department . It is safe to say that Clinton 's book roll out is one of the first to use phrases like war room and surrogate operation . One of Clinton 's closest advisers - Philippe Reines - also briefed a group of Democratic national security experts and communicators last week on the political scrutiny over the Benghazi terror attack and the themes of Clinton 's book . The meeting was tightly controlled by Clinton 's advisers , who told attendees that there would be no leaking what was discussed in the briefing . Outside groups have also begun to step up their activity around the book . Correct the Record , a pro-Clinton messaging and rapid response organization with deep ties to Clinton , hosted media training for their surrogates in May . Ready for Hillary , a pro-Clinton super PAC that is building grassroots support for the former first lady , announced on Wednesday that they would follow Clinton 's book tour in "  The Hillary Bus , " a mobile venue for the group to sign up supporters and support the pseudo-campaign . The groups that have Hillary 's back Leaks and excerpts trickle out As her aides have been planning and preparing , Clinton has been all over the news . She appeared on the View in May - joking that she was "  running ... around the park " -- and details about her book have slowly leaked out on a nearly daily basis . The first book excerpts came out in early May , when in honor of Mother 's Day Vogue published a passage of Clinton 's book that was dedicated to her mother . Then came the book 's Author 's Note , put out by Simon & Schuster , the book 's publisher . Shortly after that , the most highly anticipated chapter of Clinton 's book - her recollections and thoughts about Benghazi - was leaked to Politico . The speculation was that Clinton 's staff wanted to get the news out of the way early so that it would n't shadow the rest of the book . On Thursday , CBS reported that Clinton talks about negotiations for captured soldier Bowe Bergdahl 's release and her differences with Obama over arming Syrian rebels in the book , which it said it had gotten a copy of . Along the way , locations for Clinton 's book tour were released : New York City , Chicago , Washington , D.C. , Los Angeles and San Francisco , to name a few . If all of this seems reminiscent of a campaign , that 's because it is . Seasoned staff , effective surrogate operations and coordinated leaks are what can make or break a political campaign . And as is evident with Clinton 's stepped up presence and the slow trickle of news about her campaign , Clinton 's book tour appears to be as much a memoir roll out as it is political tune up .	Clinton events look like something from the campaign trail She 's become more open about her presidential ambitions , although no decision yet Rollout of her book will help her staff prepare for if she decides to go for it
CNN  -- Residents of a North Dakota town got the all-clear to return home after a fiery crash this week involving a derailed train and a second one carrying crude oil . The wreck sent massive flames into the sky . Residents vacated homes amid fears of dangerous smoke . Crews will be able to access the site near the town of Casselton on Wednesday , where they hope to collect the rest of the data needed to finish their probe , safety investigators said . But information taken from recording devices has been revealing , said National Transportation and Safety Board spokesman Robert L. Sumwalt . A video camera at the head of the oil train recorded the crash as it slammed into a car of a derailed grain train . "  We looked at the last 20 seconds of the forward facing video from the oil train . And basically it shows the collision sequence , " Sumwalt said . Derailment , then crash When the oil train arrived , the other train transporting grain and soy bean had already derailed , and one of its cars was lying in the oil train 's path , he said . The oil train slammed into it and burst into flames . All oil trains in the United States are also outfitted with event recorders , but the crash scorched those mounted in the front of the train . "  We are not optimistic that we will be able to retrieve data from those two recorders , " Sumwalt said . The ones in the rear engine are intact , and NTSB officials hope to reveal its data Wednesday . On the ground , they will search for signs of the cause of the derailment , including marks on wooden cross ties and on rails , Sumwalt said . Overheated wheels ? They will also examine data from hotbox detectors , which are located along the tracks and pick up unusual sources of heat . They want to see if the grain train had overheating wheels or axels or whether it had equipment dragging on the ground . Early Tuesday , crews had tested the air for toxic fumes emitted when flames and pillars of smoke towered into the sky near the town . Their all-clear meant that residents could return home Tuesday afternoon . Nearly two thirds of the town 's some 2,500 residents had vacated their homes after authorities issued a voluntary evacuation order . After the collision , the sheriff 's office said that there were no injuries and everyone was accounted for . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Aaron Cooper and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Video shows oil train colliding with a derailed car All oil trains in the United States are also outfitted with event recorders Two of them likely burned up , but one in the train 's rear is intact Inspectors will access the site Wednesday to look for derailment marks on rails
CNN  -- Saturday marked the start of autumn in the Northern Hemisphere and the beginning of spring in the Southern Hemisphere . CNN celebrated the change of seasons with a global mobile photography project . The challenge was simple : On September 22 , 2012 , go outdoors and take a photo with your phone . The only requirements were that the photo be horizontal , shot on Saturday and have no filters . The photos were shared on social media with the hashtags #hellofall and #hellospring . We received more than 1,700 submissions from six continents , including plenty of pumpkins and colorful leaves , but also shots of beaches and even one taken underwater ! Users uploaded photos to iReport using the CNN mobile apps , via email and on iReport.com . Check out some of the best in the gallery above .	The September equinox began Saturday Users uploaded photos to iReport , using the CNN mobile apps The best shots were showcased as part of "  Our Mobile Society " initiative
CNN  -- Over the last few weeks there has been a great deal of media attention given to the members of the United States ' presidential delegation to the Sochi Olympics . Yes , it does include people , like myself , who are openly gay and it also includes delegates who are openly straight . The important part here is the delegation is inclusive and it is representative of the face of America . Delegate members Brian Boitano , Caitlin Cahow , Eric Heiden and Bonnie Blair are world-class athletes , Olympians who have all won medals when they represented our nation in Olympic competition . Janet Napolitano , William Burns , Ambassador Michael McFaul and Robert Nabors are respected leaders on the world stage . The delegation is an impressive collection of athletes and world leaders and it just so happens some of us are gay . Our real role in going to Sochi is not to demonstrate or disrupt the Olympics , but to support the men and women of Team USA . I have been traveling to Russia since 1962 and I have complete respect for the Russian people . It is a privilege to be asked to be part of the Presidential Delegation and a personal thrill to be able to watch our Olympic team compete in Sochi . READ MORE : What one gay Russian model thinks of law Is our nation making a statement on Russia 's anti-gay propaganda law by sending gay men and women to represent us in Sochi ? Perhaps we are . As Brian Boitano said in a recent interview , "  I think the statement is already being made by us being on the delegation â $ " Billie Jean and Caitlin â $ " and us standing together , united as gay people showing that there is freedom of speech and we are successful human beings and athletes . I think that speaks measures . " While I am not planning to protest or demonstrate , I am concerned with the treatment of the LGBT community in Russia and throughout the world . I want the LGBT community living in Russia to know they are not alone and I hope others realize this is not only a gay rights issue , but a global concern for human rights and equality . As I said when I was named to the U.S. delegation , I hope these Olympics will be a watershed moment for the universal acceptance of all people . READ MORE : Will social media foil Putin 's Sochi plan ? Sometimes it is hard to do the right thing , especially if it may not be the most popular thing . The mere mention of the gay members of our delegation has people talking and you do n't make progress in anything without having a constructive dialogue . I have a saying that 98 percent of winning is showing up . So we will show up in Russia . We will support our athletes and cheer them as loudly as possible . And we will keep the equality conversation alive . READ MORE : Is Russia about to pass another anti-gay law ? READ MORE : How safe is Sochi ? Travelers weigh options SEE MORE : Interactive map of region 's security hotspots	King is one of several gay members of the U.S. Presidential Delegation to Sochi King says Obama 's nomination of several gay athletes to the delegation sends a message King says she is concerned with treatment of LGBT community in Russia King : This is not only a gay rights issue but a human rights issue
Washington  CNN  -- It 's an audition without end , because the Republicans still ca n't figure out how to cast the lead role . Here 's how the internal discussion goes : We need someone who is a true conservative . We need someone who is right on the matters we care about -- the deficit , immigration , cultural issues . We need someone we can trust , who wo n't betray us . And , by the way , we also need someone who can win . And so Republicans , undecided and unwilling to settle , continue to move like hummingbirds , from , um , flower to flower . Yesterday , it was Herman Cain . Today , it 's Newt Gingrich . Maybe one day , Mitt Romney . Sure , this is all about the deep and abiding reluctance within the GOP to "  settle " for Romney . After the last two years of conservative ascendancy , why go with a candidate who seems more pragmatist than true believer ? Why risk nominating another version of George H. W. Bush , who turned on conservatives and raised taxes ? No way , they say . All of which has inspired an obvious GOP conflict between the head and the heart : In their brains , Republicans know they ought to be looking for the most conservative Republican who has a good chance of getting elected . In their hearts , they are driven by anger at President Obama , and they 're looking for someone who can make the GOP case -- without compromise . Simply put , the heartfelt question is the 2012 version of "  Mirror , mirror , on the wall , who 's the most conservative of them all ? " It 's the answer that 's complicated . First , it does n't help that the non-Mitt GOP field is incredibly weak . Start with Michele Bachmann , who self-destructed when she claimed an HPV vaccine could cause mental retardation . Then to Rick Perry , who could n't remember his own plan to cut government . Then to Cain who , well , has personal issues . Then to Gingrich , who now seems to be the pick of the non-Mitt litter , dazzling audiences with his professorial instant recall of the Battle of Gettysburg and his obvious willingness to launch a frontal assault on Obama . Ah , but it 's Newt Gingrich . And any historian knows that Newt has a long personal history of self-destruction . He became famous as the architect of the GOP revolution in 1994 that made him House speaker ; then infamous as a lead critic of Bill Clinton 's presidential affair while Gingrich was privately involved in one of his own . He 's the man calling for civil , Lincoln-Douglas style debates ; he 's also the man who has called Obama "  the most successful food stamp president " in American history . How polite . And then there 's the fact that Gingrich , a leader of one GOP revolution almost two decades ago , has n't had much to do with the current one . He famously went on TV and called Rep. Paul Ryan 's budget -- the Holy Grail for most House Republicans -- "  right-wing social engineering . " If he seems oddly out of touch with the GOP rank and file , that 's probably because he is . And even if the candidates were n't so problematic , the GOP itself is having some identity issues . The tea partiers , who were so important and popular in the 2010 midterm elections , are fast losing their luster . Recent polls show the tea party lost support nationwide -- as well as in the strong tea party districts . According to a new Pew Center poll , in the 60 districts now held by tea party members , the GOP is viewed just as negatively as the Democrats . So Republicans , who have spent so much time pandering to the tea party on issues , may now have to readjust . The tea party may have energized a lot of Republicans , but it may also have traumatized others -- especially those looking for a winner in 2012 . Which brings us back to Mitt Romney . He 's getting a tad testy these days about the long audition , telling Bret Baier on Fox that he 's not a "  lifelong politician " like Gingrich . And he 's not for "  amnesty " like Newt . And that , of course , he has the "  best shot " of replacing Obama if he is the GOP nominee . He 's got his lines down pat . Now Republicans need to figure out what kind of character they want to play the lead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Borger : Republicans want a very conservative candidate , but one who can win She says Bachmann , Perry , Cain all have flamed out as conservative standard-bearers Now Newt Gingrich is the favorite , but he has a lot of baggage , she says Borger : Romney is showing signs of irritation at the long audition
PEOPLE.com  -- Theodore "  Teddy " Forstmann , a veteran business leader and philanthropist who was romantically linked to Padma Lakshmi , died Sunday . He was 71 . Forstmann suffered from brain cancer , his spokesman tells The New York Times . Although the famed billionaire never married , he dated "  Top Chef " host Lakshmi , 41 , over the last several years . Their relationship made headlines when she gave birth to now 1-year-old daughter Krishna in February 2010 , which spawned speculation over the identity of the father .  Venture capitalist Adam Dell was later revealed as the father . Forstmann was also briefly linked to Princess Diana . According to "  The Diana Chronicles " by Newsweek and The Daily Beast editor Tina Brown , the two were plotting to wed in the last weeks of her life . Forstmann , who invested in companies ranging from Gulfstream Aerospace to Dr. Pepper , is survived by his two sons , Siya and Everest , brothers Anthony and John , and sisters Marina Forstmann Day and Elissa Forstmann Moran . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Theodore Forstmann suffered from brain cancer Forstmann dated "  Top Chef " host Padma Lakshmi , 41 , over the last several years Forstmann was also briefly linked to Princess Diana
CNN  -- Just a week ago Victor Dubuisson was little known aside from the most ardent golf fan , but then came victory in the Turkish Airlines Open , beating Tiger Woods and a clutch of big names and now the 23-year-old Frenchman is firmly in the hunt for an even bigger prize . Saturday saw Dubuisson move to within one shot of leader Henrik Stenson at the World Tour Championship in Dubai with a stunning eight-under 64 , including 11 birdies , one short of the European Tour record . Dubuisson has carded 52 birdies in his last seven rounds of competitive golf and aims to carry on that form into the final day on the Earth Course at Jumeirah Golf Estates . "  I am very confident about tomorrow . I will try to do my best . And you know , sometimes it goes your way , sometimes not , but I will do the same as today and the first two rounds , " he told gathered reporters . "  I 'm very happy to play with Henrik tomorrow ... he 's a great guy and he 's the best player of the year , so I 'm very excited . " Swede Stenson , who can become the first man to win the European Tour 's Race to Dubai and the FedEx Cup on the PGA Tour in the same season , knows he is in for a fight on the final day . "  Victor is playing incredible golf at the moment . I kept hearing that I was the hottest player in the world , but I think he 's just jumped up and grabbed that title the last two weeks , winning last week and then shooting the score that he did today . " Stenson is also being chased for overall honors by England 's Ian Poulter , who carded a 66 , but is four behind in third place . He drew level with his Florida neighbor on the back nine of the third round , but Stenson finished with four birdies in the last five holes to open up a significant advantage as he closed with a 67 for 17-under overall . "  I caught him today and I 'll catch him tomorrow , it 's whether or not I can keep hold of him , " Poulter told the official European Tour website . A win for Poulter would mean Stenson would have to finish second to claim the Harry Vardon trophy , but the 37-year-old is not thinking that way . "  I am trying to avoid all that , " he said . "  I know I can win The Race to Dubai even if I do n't win here , but why not try my hardest to win this tournament ? If I do I know that both trophies are coming home with me , " he added . U.S. Open champions present and past , Justin Rose and Graeme McDowell , can also still deny Stenson the title with victory in Dubai , but at 11 under and eight under after both shot rounds of 68 , it is an unlikely permutation . So can the man of the moment Dubuisson , but he would have to lift the trophy and see Stenson crumble to finish outside the top 30 . But he has moved into the top 50 in the world and made a strong start to claim a place in the European Ryder Cup team next year at Gleneagles .	Henrik Stenson remains in lead in World Tour Championship in Dubai On course to become first man to win Race to Dubai and FedEx Cup in same season Frenchman Victor Dubuisson giving chase one shot back Ian Poulter in third in his pursuit of Stenson for top European honor
Editor 's note : José Miguel Vivanco is executive director of the Americas Division of Human Rights Watch , a nonprofit organization that seeks to protect people 's rights . A lawyer from Chile , he was educated there , in Spain and at Harvard Law School . José Miguel Vivanco says conviction of Peru 's ex-president is a warning to those who deny human rights . CNN  -- Peruvians are celebrating an extraordinary victory this week : the conviction of their former president , Alberto Fujimori , for death squad killings carried out during his rule in the 1990s . The Peruvian Supreme Court found him guilty of egregious human rights abuses , including the massacre of innocent civilians , and sentenced him to 25 years in prison -- a stiff message to other leaders that justice can eventually catch up to even the most powerful . It is one of the first times a nation 's own independent courts have convicted a former leader for such serious human rights crimes and it sets an important precedent for a region that suffered so much from political violence and rights violations . Equally significant , the ruling came after a lengthy televised trial , which was clearly fair to the defendant -- despite Peru 's previous history of authoritarianism and weak rule of law . Fujimori came to office in 1990 on the promise of crushing a vicious Maoist insurgency but , in the process of restoring order , he corrupted and weakened Peru 's most vital government institutions -- including parliament , the courts and law enforcement . Just a few years ago , Fujimori had near-total control of Peru 's judiciary . For a decade , his government used bribery , extortion , and intimidation to concentrate power in the presidency , subverting the democratic process and eliminating normal checks by the judiciary , legislature , and media on government abuses . He led Peru from 1990 to 2000 , presiding over the war with the Shining Path guerrillas and the Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement . He was convicted of authorizing killings and kidnappings by paramilitary death squads . Fujimori is to be tried separately on multiple corruption charges . The landmark decision fits within a global trend of increasing accountability for former heads of state . Just 20 years ago , it was exceedingly rare for even the most brutal leaders to be brought to book . In the late 20th century , Mao Zedong , Idi Amin , Milton Obote , Ferdinand Marcos , Anastasio Somoza , Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier and Mobutu Sese Seko , to name just a few , were never brought to trial . Since then , however , the tide has turned . In October 1998 , London police arrested General Augusto Pinochet on a warrant from a Spanish judge for human rights crimes . The arrest and the subsequent decisions by the British House of Lords to reject Pinochet 's claim of immunity were a wake-up call to tyrants everywhere , but more important , they gave hope to victims elsewhere that they too could bring their tormentors to justice . In country after country , particularly in Latin America , victims were inspired to challenge the amnesty laws of the 1980s and 1990s that had allowed the perpetrators of atrocities to go unpunished and , often , to remain in power . Thanks to these efforts , former leaders in Argentina , and Uruguay have also faced human rights trials . Pinochet 's arrest also strengthened a nascent international movement -- spurred by the killings in Bosnia and Rwanda , and facilitated by the end of the Cold War -- to make certain the worst abuses are punished . After the creation of UN tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda , the world established the International Criminal Court  ICC  to prosecute genocide , crimes against humanity and serious war crimes when national courts are unable or unwilling to do so . The ICC is now investigating crimes in the Central African Republic , Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and in March the court indicted President Omar al-Bashir of Sudan on charges of crimes against humanity in Darfur . The Fujimori case stands out , though , because it was Peru 's national court system which demonstrated the will , capacity , and independence to try its former president . A second panel of the Supreme Court will now review an appeal by Fujimori . One can hope the second panel will be as transparent and fair as the first . Even after this verdict , impunity for past atrocities continues to be a major problem in Peru and throughout the region . It is likely , however , that yesterday 's verdict will help give momentum to efforts currently underway in many Latin American countries to bring other human rights violators to justice . The verdict will also send a powerful message to current heads of state who may be tempted to use abusive tactics to resolve their political problems . As Fujimori discovered yesterday , crimes they may be able to get away with while in power can come back to haunt them years later . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of José Miguel Vivanco .	José Miguel Vivanco : Peruvian court verdict in Fujimori case sends strong message Fujimori was convicted for allowing death squads to murder innocents Since Pinochet case , Vivanco says , courts have been holding leaders accountable Vivanco : Leaders who deny human rights may suffer for it years later
GAZA CITY , Gaza  CNN  -- A Palestinian envoy called on the United Nations to condemn the deadly violence in Gaza as Israeli airstrikes on Hamas militants entered a second day Sunday . Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak told CNN that airstrikes into Gaza could expand . "  There is no justification for punishing 1.5 million in the Gaza Strip because of the actions of a few , " Ambassador Riyad Mansour told reporters Saturday before entering a U.N. Security Council meeting scheduled for 10 p.m. ET . "  We hope we do n't fail in having a reaction from the Security Council tonight . " Israeli airstrikes continued pounding targets in Hamas-ruled Gaza Sunday , killing at least 225 and injuring 400 , in what Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said was a response to escalating rocket attacks against southern Israel . Yet Hamas blamed Israel for the artillery exchange , accusing it of violating a cease-fire intended to stem violence in the region . Barak said the Israeli attacks would continue as long as necessary until Hamas militants were ready to "  change their behavior . " "  This will not be a short operation . The war on terrorism is an ongoing one , and we will have to stand firm in order to change the situation in the south , " Barak said Saturday . An Egypt-brokered cease-fire between Hamas and Israel expired December 19 . Barak told CNN that Israel was compelled to respond with force after evacuating Gaza three years ago "  to the last square inch " only to face continuous attacks . "  We have to experience shelling and rocket attacks on innocent civilians , that 's something we will not accept , " he told CNN . "  I am confident that the American government would not have waited one day before they would have responded if San Diego -LSB- California -RSB- would have been bombed or shelled or rocketed from Tijuana -LSB- Mexico -RSB- with thousands of rockets . " Hamas vowed to retaliate . "  We will stand up , we will defend our own people , we will defend our land , and we will not give up , " senior Hamas spokesman Osama Hamdan said . Read reactions to Israel 's strike on Gaza " Hamdan also denied accusations that Hamas had provoked Israel attacks by violating the cease-fire with rocket attacks . "  Hamas did not fire rockets through the cease-fire . It 's clear that the one who violated the cease-fire is the Israelis , " Hamdan told CNN . "  For half the period of cease-fire , they closed all the checkpoints , and they killed 28 Palestinians . " The exchange of accusations came as bodies piled up on the streets of Gaza City , where hospitals and medical personnel were overwhelmed by the influx of wounded . Palestinian medical sources said that 225 people had been killed and 400 people injured , many of them in serious to critical condition . "  People are suffering and dying because of shortages of medical equipment , " said Dr. Mahmoud el-Khazndar , who works at Gaza City 's Shifa Hospital . "  The hospital is not accustomed to accept mass casualties like this . " The Egyptian government sent 20 ambulances and medical personnel to its border with Gaza to help treat and transport the wounded , an Egyptian official said . Tensions had been building between Hamas and Israel despite the six-month truce . The tenuous agreement was weakened in recent weeks as violence escalated . The Arab League condemned the attacks and scheduled an emergency meeting in Cairo , Egypt , on Sunday to discuss the situation . The meeting is set for 7 p.m.  noon ET  . "  The situation is lending itself to escalation , " Secretary General Amr Moussa told CNN International . "  The attacks have resulted in casualties among the civilians , among the young , among the population . " Watch Moussa 's interview with CNN International " Moussa said the Arab League would call on the U.N. Security Council to issue a statement or resolution calling on all parties to end violence and enter into mediation . "  Also , we are calling on the Palestinians to close ranks and stop feuds between different organizations in Palestine , " Moussa said , referring to struggles between warring factions struggling for power Palestinian legislator Hanan Ashrawi also accused Israel of ignoring the terms of the cease-fire that expired December 19 . "  This is certainly a very cruel escalation , a relentless bombardment of a captive civilian population that has already been under siege for months , that has been deprived of basic requirements like food and medicines and fuel and power , " she said from Ramallah in the West Bank . Watch Ashrawi condemn the airstrikes " White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said the United States places the blame for the Israeli military action squarely on Hamas . "  We want the cease-fire to be restored , but we understand that Israel is reacting to the hundreds of rockets that have been fired upon the innocent people of Israel over the last few days , " he said . "  Hamas must end its terrorist activities if it wishes to play a role in the future of the Palestinian people . " Watch Johndroe comment on the attacks " U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice also called for the cease-fire to be restored . "  We strongly condemn the repeated rocket and mortar attacks against Israel and hold Hamas responsible for breaking the cease-fire and for the renewal of violence there . The cease-fire must be restored immediately and fully respected , " she said . iReport.com : Are you there ? United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was "  deeply alarmed " and called for "  an immediate halt to all violence , " a spokesman said in a statement . Israeli military officials accused Hamas militants of firing more than 65 rockets into southern Israel on Wednesday , and the Israeli air force said it killed a Hamas militant whom it accused of helping launch the rockets against Israel . In a letter Saturday to Ban and the U.N. Security Council stated , Israeli Ambassador Gabriela Shalev said Hamas holds "  the sole responsibility for the latest events in Gaza " and claimed Israel was exercising self-defense . "  No country would allow continuous rocketing of its civilian population without taking the necessary actions to stop it , " Shalev said . "  Israel expects the understanding and support of the international community to its actions , as it confronts terrorism and advances the interest of all those who wish that peace and coexistence will prevail in our region . " The Israeli Defense Forces said Israeli aircraft were attacking "  a series of Hamas targets and infrastructure facilities , " including headquarters , training camps and weaponry storage warehouses . Map " About 50 aircraft targeted more than 100 Hamas sites over the first two rounds of airstrikes Saturday , an IDF spokesman said . A Gaza-based reporter , whose name was withheld for security reasons , reported that the building housing Hamas-run television station al-Aqsa TV was destroyed early Sunday morning . The reporters also said a number of Hamas police stations were hit , killing some senior police commanders . Among those killed were Palestinian Maj. Gen. Tawfeeq Al-Jaber , a senior commander in the Hamas police force , and Ismail Jabari , who headed the special police force in Gaza , Palestinian sources said . Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert called for patience , insisting that Israel wants to avoid causing an "  humanitarian disaster " in Gaza . "  The instructions that we have given to our forces are to refrain from inflicting injury and harm on the innocent , " he said at a news conference with Barak and Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni . Yet scores of deaths and injuries have been claimed on both sides as aid organizations urged Israel to cease the attacks . An Israeli woman was killed Saturday when a rocket fired from Gaza hit a house in Netivot in southern Israel , about six miles east of Gaza , Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said . Two other Israelis were in "  medium to serious " condition at Soroko Hospital in Bersheba , he said . Wounded people could be seen lying in the streets of Gaza City , and passers-by were doing what they could to summon help . Watch panicked Palestinians try to help the wounded " The U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees urged the Israeli government to stop its bombardment . "  UNRWA recognizes Israel 's legitimate security concerns . However , its actions should be in conformity with international humanitarian law , and it should not use disproportionate force , " the agency said in a news release . Saeb Erakat , adviser to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , urged Israeli and Hamas leaders to put another cease-fire in place . "  I believe this is the only way out . I do n't think this problem can be solved through military means , " he told CNN . "  I do n't think it can be solved through aggression , through violence . Violence will breed more violence . " Abbas ' Fatah party government is locked in a power struggle with the Hamas movement . On Friday , Israel opened three border crossings for the first time in 10 days to allow food , medical supplies and other humanitarian goods into Gaza , but Palestinian rocket attacks continued . CNN 's Kevin Flower and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Palestinian envoy calls on United Nations to condemn deadly violence in Gaza NEW : Hamas-run television station al-Aqsa TV destroyed early Sunday morning Death toll climbs to 225 , 400 injured as airstrikes continue through night One Israeli killed in rocket attack reported by Hamas military wing , sources say
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Firefighters and homeowners were anxiously awaiting to learn Saturday whether the emergence of cool ocean breezes and possible rain will weaken a Los Angeles-area wildlfire that has burned 28,000 acres in two days and now threatens 4,000 homes . The weather change could be a mixed blessing , however , because a chance of isolated thunderstorms this weekend brings a risk of lightning sparking new fires , the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said . The Los Angeles area fire , based in Ventura County , has damaged 15 residences and five commercial properties and has destroyed 25 outbuildings , fire authorities said . The inferno , called the Springs Fire , raced about 10 miles beside upscale communities and through the Santa Monica Mountains since it began Thursday morning in Camarillo , California . It reached the Pacific Ocean shore , damaging a Navy shooting range next to coastal wetlands Friday . iReporter captures bird 's - eye view of the wildfire A total of 1,895 fire personnel , six fixed-wing air tankers and 11 helicopters have battled the blaze , but as of Saturday morning , the fire was only 30 % contained , an improvement over Thursday 's 10 % and Friday 's 20 % . That means 300 commercial properties and 250 outbuildings also are threatened , authorities said Saturday . "  A low pressure weather system has developed over the fire bringing higher humidity , lower temperatures , creating an opportunity to increase containment , " the state fire agency said . The region 's so-called Santa Ana winds -- dubbed "  devil winds " because they are warm and gusty out of the high desert -- have been fueling the Ventura County wildfire . The virtual absence of recent rain also created dry conditions ripe for the wildfires , whose season typically begins much later in the year . "  Onshore winds have begun to diminish this evening allowing for the expiration of all red flag warnings , " the National Weather Service said late Friday . The Santa Ana winds gusted to 45 mph the past two days , energizing the roaring flames . Authorities ordered a mandatory evacuation Friday for the affluent Ventura County community of Hidden Valley , northwest of Los Angeles . Evacuations remained in effect Friday evening for several other areas . Share your images Federal funding was made available to cover 75 % of firefighting costs , the Federal Emergency Management Agency announced Friday . Also on Friday , the Ventura County blaze crossed the scenic Pacific Coast Highway that separates the Santa Monica Mountains from the sea . There , small fires blackened the landscape surrounding a military firing range , a Navy spokeswoman said . Several timber backdrops at the range were partially or completely burned , but because the facility sits in wetlands next to a lagoon , the fires were n't a threat to Naval Base Ventura County at Point Mugu , said spokeswoman Kimberly Gearhart . Ammunition is n't stored at the facility , she said . "  If something catches fire , it 's in the best possible place because it 's isolated and it 's near water , " Gearhart said . "  Our biggest concern right now is smoke because it 's a very smoldering fire , and as the wind shifts , it either blows smoke toward or away from us . " Evacuation orders were in effect in several areas on Saturday , but officials lifted orders for the campus of California State University , Channel Islands in Camarillo and for the Dos Vientos community in Newbury Park , authorities said . Many Ventura County residents , especially those who live in or near the mountains , were on edge about the fires and possible evacuation . "  The sheriff said they would come pounding on the door if they came close , " said Ventura County resident Elizabeth Dickenson . Because of the smoke , ash and winds , people in affected areas were urged to be cautious and to avoid unnecessary outdoor activities , the Ventura County Air Pollution Control District said . CNN meteorologist Chad Myers described the fire as an omen for California because the wildfire season is n't supposed to start until August or September . Mountain chaparral and shrubs are dry because Los Angeles has received only half of its normal rainfall the past two years , Myers said . The vegetation is brown , instead of green from winter rain , he said . The Los Angeles area has received less than 2 inches of rain since January , making the bone-dry region "  definitely ripe for these fires , " said William Patzert , a NASA climatologist . But that could change soon . Rain showers could hit the area Sunday evening , forecasters say . CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Stephanie Elam , Diahann Reyes , Phil Gast and Lateef Mungin also contributed to this report .	Cool onshore breezes and possible rain could weaken wildfire in Los Angeles But rain prediction could bring lightning that may spark new fires Fire is only 30 % contained and threatens 4,000 homes Sheriff deputies will pound on door if fires come close , resident says
I recently led a bipartisan congressional delegation to the Middle East and Europe to discuss regional security issues with key American partners . Beyond the strategic challenges posed by the Arab Spring lies an urgent threat -- Iran 's determination to achieve nuclear weapons capability . Iran 's effort , if successful , could destabilize the Middle East , spur a regional nuclear arms race and undermine America 's influence in this pivotal region . Unfortunately , the window to solve this problem without conflict gets smaller with each passing day as Iran attempts to master the enrichment of uranium . Several administrations have tried engaging Iran and offering security guarantees , but that has not prevented the country from pursuing the bomb or patronizing the world 's most dangerous terrorist groups . Economic and diplomatic pressures have n't worked either , but they have been episodic , gradual and largely unilateral . While the U.S. left Iran 's market years ago , we can still exert great pressure through financial sanctions , and President Barack Obama should do so . Our partners in Europe , Asia and the Middle East can and should do more to amplify the effect of U.S. sanctions if they are serious about stopping Iran 's nuclear proliferation . Some influential countries , however , may be unwilling to pay the costs associated with greater multilateral sanctions , either because they do not feel threatened by a nuclear-armed Iran or they see utility in having the U.S. being consumed with that threat . In the weeks ahead , it will be actions , not words , that demonstrate which countries are truly committed to stopping Iran . The latest round of European sanctions is designed to compel Iran to come back to the negotiating table . If the Iranians do so , the desire for a deal at any cost should not be permitted to overshadow our long experience in negotiating with rogue states . We must focus on the results rather than the process of negotiations . With its nuclear centrifuges continuing to spin , Iran can not be allowed -- as it has been in the past -- to further delay this process . Mere promises can not be rewarded with a loosening of pressure . Iran 's leaders must feel dramatic pressure that imperils their very hold on power until their abandonment of nuclear program can be verified . It is possible that only a strategy that jeopardizes the hard-line clerics ' hold on power in Tehran will give the Iranian regime sufficient reason to abandon its nuclear ambitions . Frankly , the Obama administration missed an opportunity to stand with Iran 's dissidents when they rose up against their oppressive rulers after the rigged elections in 2009 . It is hard to believe a less ideological government would be as intransigent as the current regime . Perhaps further sanctions could breathe new life into the budding democratic movement that for a brief moment brought a glimmer of hope to the Iranian people . In addition to sanctions , we must actively combat Iran 's influence throughout the Middle East . Our partners are perplexed at what they perceive as our lackadaisical response to Iran 's support of extremist proxies . And in Iraq , our partners believe that America 's abandonment of that country has left a vacuum that Iran is only too eager to fill . It is hard to see why the Obama administration has not expended more effort in trying to keep Iraq -- a potentially rich and influential country at the heart of the Middle East that was liberated at such great cost -- more firmly in the American camp . Finally , there is the low-hanging fruit of Syria . Bashar al-Assad 's regime may be Iran 's most important strategic partner . Instead of aggressively combating Syria 's support to Hamas and Hezballah and interference in Lebanon and Iraq , the Obama administration came to office seeking to engage al-Assad . It failed . Now the president has finally acknowledged that it 's time for al-Assad to go . America should not defer to obstinate Russian diplomats at the United Nations about Syria . Instead , we should lead an international effort to apply tremendous pressure on Syria and provide demonstrable support to its growing political opposition . The longer the Syrian crackdown is allowed to continue , the greater the risk of chaos and the harder it will be to put Syria back together . If Syria goes down , it would be a serious blow to the Iranian regime . There is no substitute for American leadership in the Middle East . It is time for the Obama administration to show it . Without recourse to war , these steps represent the best hope of confronting the challenges posed by Iran 's nuclear proliferation and patronage of terrorism . If these measures ultimately fail , the international community may be forced to confront the difficult decision of using military force in face of an implacable Iran . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook	Eric Cantor : Iran 's determination for nuclear weapons capability is an urgent threat Cantor : We can exert stronger pressure on Iran through financial sanctions He says we should combat Iranian influence throughout the Middle East There 's no substitute for American leadership in this critical region , he says
CNN  -- Facebook 's decision to allow the uploading and sharing of extreme/graphic content -- including beheadings -- makes no sense in a conventional media setting . Most western media outlets operate under regulatory codes that make the screening or publishing of such material unthinkable -- not least because their audience might include children . Inevitably the "  protection of children " argument will be rehearsed in response to Facebook 's decision , which seems almost designed to court negative commentary . Read more : Facebook lifts ban on beheading videos The decision will also naturally re-open the usual -- somewhat tired -- debates about the  im  possibility of regulating internet content . Internet content is of course regulated and controlled but not very effectively so . The decision may also offer the genuinely weird and definitively 21st century prospect of UK and U.S. security services using Facebook to track global viewing patterns of beheading videos . Read more : NSA mines Facebook for connections More seriously perhaps , we all need to question what it means that so pivotal a social media platform is re-defining social precedents and norms -- with little external reference . What should Facebook users take from the site 's decision that it is OK to screen and view the brutal beheading of a woman in Mexico -- provided that the commentary clearly does n't glorify the act and that any unsuitable comments are moderated/blocked ? Is it only that brutal violence is part of life and we have the right to make the obvious comments about that fact . As Facebook 's statement says : "  Facebook has long been a place where people turn to share their experiences , particularly when they 're connected to controversial events on the ground , such as human rights abuses , acts of terrorism and other violent events . "  People share videos of these events on Facebook to condemn them . If they were being celebrated , or the actions in them encouraged , our approach would be different . " Apart from an increased volume of utterly banal denunciations of the act  only the "  right " kinds of statements will be allowed  what could the screening of such events lead to ? People who feel that violence is wrong will say so , people who make risquÃ © or bad-taste jokes will make them , and so the chatter will go on . In 2003 , the U.S. military clamped-down on active service personnel 's trading of explicit smart-phone images of the aftermath of suicide bombings in Iraq . So , the potential cultural power of such images can be recognised by liberals , conservatives , and bodies such as the Family Online Safety Institute alike -- even if they fundamentally disagree about what that power is . Equally , it 's not safe to accept the treatment of such footage as a set of taboo "  magic objects , " which can never be seen because they are inherently so dangerous in their ability to corrupt the majority and the minors . Such anxieties are frequently directed at unspecified  ie : less educated than "  us " -- less middle-class  mass audiences and are another means of closing down challenge or debate . What is at stake here does seem to be a realignment of sadly well-known patterns . These are simply thrown into sharp relief by the specifics of the examples that are being spoken about today . Facebook kills search privacy setting ` Laughably inconsistent ' Facebook sees it as a legitimate service to allow its audience to see a woman being brutally killed and then host discussion of that content , but will not allow its users to see exposed breasts -- for fear of causing offense . Is it possible for Facebook to argue that there is nothing to debate in the representation of women 's bodies ? Or that they are not part of people 's experience ? This is -- at best -- laughably inconsistent . One of the primary reasons for carrying out beheadings in public or for perpetrators to video a violent act is to send the clear message to its audience : this is what our "  law " or "  power " , or violence can do to you . So , the re-showing of such footage on Facebook is actively collusive with those actions . It disseminates the fear and intimidation intended in the act . Asserting that Facebook users can respond to footage of a woman 's brutal murder by decrying it , sidesteps that issue . Users could just as well decry violence against women without seeing this act . But fewer of them may do so . If Facebook really was interested in public debate , it would have established a real and carefully constructed , open forum in which this decision could be debated -- as well as other issues about its policies , operation and inconsistent stances . What Facebook is interested in , is generating more traffic through its platform and it is doing so from within a pretty inconsistent , narrowly male and conservative image of the world and of what should be discussed within it . How different is that from many traditional media organizations of the 19th and 20th centuries ? Read more : Twitter cracks down on abusive tweets The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shaun Hides .	Facebook has lifted a ban imposed in May on the uploading and sharing of violent videos But the social media site 's rules means images of breastfeeding mothers may be removed Facebook is trying to generate traffic from a narrow image of the world , Shaun Hides says If the site wanted public debate , it would have opened discussion of the change , he says
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Eman al-Obeidy , the woman who alleges rape and abuse by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's security forces , said Thursday she feels defeated and lives in fear that she will be punished gravely for her words . The legal proceedings in her rape case have not gone far , she told CNN . She has not been able to go home , either . "  I usually get harassed when I have to show my Identification card to government officials somewhere and they find out who I am and that I have put complaints forward against Gadhafi 's people , " she said in an interview conducted in a car . "  They humiliate me to the point where other people gather around and start saying that it is shameful to treat a Libyan woman that way , " she said . "  It is the same thing every day . " She said her only request now is permission to go home to Tobruk , to see her parents . "  I am very tired and upset and feel defeated , oppressed , and upset , " she said . "  Even I felt sometimes of committing suicide from the injustice I am going through . " Al-Obeidy burst into the Rixos Hotel in Tripoli on March 26 while international journalists staying there were having breakfast . She told reporters she had been taken from a checkpoint east of Tripoli and held against her will for two days while being beaten and raped by 15 men . When CNN saw her earlier this month , al-Obeidy 's legs and face were bruised and she had blood on her right inner thigh . Her visible injuries appeared to support her allegations . Human Rights Watch has called for Libyan authorities to immediately allow al-Obeidy to leave Tripoli and receive medical care . Nadya Khalife , a women 's rights researcher for the organization , said authorities have further victimized al-Obeidy by refusing to allow her to leave . "  It 's very difficult for women in Libyan society to report that they have been raped because of the shame and fear they feel , and it has been even more difficult for al-Obeidy , " Khalife said . "  But she has courageously ignored all these barriers to tell her story to the world . "	Eman al-Obeidy tells CNN she is harassed by authorities , fears retribution and feels defeated She says she was raped and beaten by Gadhafi 's men The world first knew of al-Obeidy when she burst into a Tripoli hotel housing journalists
CNN  -- Your Instagram profile is about to have a lot more "  you " in it . Instagram announced a feature on Thursday called Photos of You that lets people tag their own images with the Instagram handles of friends or anyone with an account on Instagram . Previously , you had to call out people in photo captions , and they would get a news alert pointing them to the image . The Photos of You feature is available as an app update for iOS and Android users immediately . Tagged images are collected in a new section in your profile and wo n't show up in your main photo feed . You ca n't tag other people 's images , only your own . Instagram says these new tags can be populated only with usernames , not hashtags , though hashtags still work just fine in the comments . To check whether a photo has any people tags , tap once on the images , and the names will appear . Click a name to go to that profile . With tagging , of course , comes the potential for embarrassment . Instagram has created a built-in way to hide tagged photos you do n't like from your your profile . If an image is extra unflattering , you can remove it altogether or report it as inappropriate . If you 're super paranoid , you can turn on a setting to require your approval before any tagged photos show up in your profile . Instagram will show your tagged images by default starting May 16 , so if you want to turn on settings to hide them , you have some time to make the proper adjustments . It 's no secret that people spend a lot of time on Instagram . Between posting photos , tinkering with filters , creating hashtags and browsing streams , the average user spends about four hours a month on the photo-sharing platform , according to comScore . The new Photos of You feature has a good shot at increasing that time , adding a whole new way to look through old memories , admire your own good looks or see even more of what your friends are up to .	Instagram releases ` Photos of You ' feature to add tagging Tagged photos will be collected in a new section on user 's profile page Users will be able to untag unflattering photos or tweak settings to screen tags
CNN  -- When I was 9 , my mom gave us the devastating news : "  Your dad has cancer . " I remember that day like it was yesterday . My brothers and I were gathered at the kitchen table as she broke the news to us . That was a defining moment ; my life and focus were forever changed . My dad 's diagnosis of a rare , aggressive form of prostate cancer made me quickly realize how little awareness there was for his disease . Within 10 months , my dad , Michael Vinecki , was gone . I could n't imagine just sitting around being sad . I knew I had to do something . So with the help of my mom , I formed a nonprofit called Team Winter . I set out on a mission to raise global awareness for the cancer that stole my dad . I vowed to help prevent other families from going through what my family went through and continues to go through . I ca n't remember a time when I was n't competitive . At 5 years old , I was already winning triathlons and running races and competing against adults . I spent my winters tearing up the ski slopes and dreaming of being an Olympic skier . At age 9 , I completed my first Olympic-distance triathlon in less than four hours -- a distance many said I was too young for . It would be the last race where my dad would ever meet me at the finish line . Movember : Why I 'm growing the ` stache His death fueled my passion and determination in a way very few athletes might experience . Since losing my dad , I have become not only a two-time IronKids triathlon national champion but also an ambassador to the sport of triathlon . I love inspiring youth across America to live an active , positive and healthy lifestyle and to race not only for themselves but for a cause . While speaking at a 2009 Prostate Cancer Foundation event , I made a promise to more than 100 of the best prostate cancer researchers of the world : "  I will make certain that , in my lifetime , I will get a blue ribbon out there to match every pink ribbon ! " I have helped raise close to $ 400,000 to fund prostate cancer research and have athletes around the world racing for my cause . Why ca n't doctors agree on PSA testing ? Now I have a new goal : to race one marathon on every continent . I have already completed the Eugene Marathon in Oregon in 3:45:04 and placed third overall female at the Amazing Maasai in Kenya . Many have told me I 'm too young to run these distances , to wait until I 'm older . My dad waited until he was 40 years old to do the things he wanted to do and never got to do them . I 'm more than capable now to do the things I do , so why put them off until tomorrow ? Tomorrow is never a given , as I have learned the hard way . I hope to encourage others to do the same and not let age be a barrier . In 2013 , I 'm tackling Antarctica , the Inca Trail Marathon  labeled the "  toughest marathon in the world "  , Mongolia and New Zealand and will finish on the original course of Pheidippides in Athens in November . Ironman champ : Your mind matters more My goal is to be the youngest person in the world to complete a marathon on every continent before I turn 15 , to honor not only my dad but the one in six men affected by prostate cancer . I plan on showing my dad all these amazing places he never got to see . He is with me wherever I go , and you can bet he is by my side every step of the way as I conquer every continent , 26.2 miles at a time . As for skiing , in June , I became the newest and youngest member of Fly Elite , the Olympic development team for aerial skiing . I train in Park City at the Utah Olympic Park and am a hopeful for the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea . But this training and vision comes at a great cost . I now live year-round with a host family and must live apart from my three brothers and my mom . I spend up to eight hours a day training , on top of my daily school schedule . I will continue to cross train as a triathlete and will be exploring the Xterra series in 2013 with sights set on the World Championships in Maui this fall . Six people who 'll inspire you this year I believe cross-training is the key to reducing injuries and burnout and has been one of the keys to my success as an athlete . Despite all my athletic endeavors , I have n't forgotten about the most important thing , my education . I 'm currently a freshman at the online high school EPGY  Educational Program for Gifted Youth  , run by Stanford University . My journey is not one I chose ; it was a path laid before me . I feel my dad was meant to die so that Team Winter could be born and I could help change the face of prostate cancer awareness . I hope I 'm able to show others that if a 9-year-old girl from a rural town in northern Michigan can have an impact on the world , anyone can do the same . I challenge people to not only dream but to dream big ! My dream : to be a winter and summer Olympian . Never give in ! Follow Winter on Twitter @TeamWinter or on Facebook	At age 5 , Winter Vinecki was already racing in triathlons against adults By age 9 , she had completed her first Olympic distance triathlon in under 4 hours She 's training to be an Olympic skier in Park City at the Utah Olympic Park
CNN  -- With oil prices hitting a record high on Monday , the chairman and CEO of Chevron , David O'Reilly , and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , senior attorney for the National Resource Defense Counsel , appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " to discuss America 's energy future . Chevron CEO David O'Reilly says his company 's profit is about 7 percent . Kennedy : The fastest way for us to solve our energy problems in this country is immediate conservation . If we improve fuel economy standards in our automobiles by one mile per gallon , we generate twice the oil that 's in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . If we raise fuel economy standards by 7.6 miles per gallon , we can yield more oil than we are currently importing from the Persian Gulf . O'Reilly : I agree , that first of all efficiency is the very first thing we ought to be working on . And there are new -LSB- fuel efficiency -RSB- standards in place that will obligate the automobile manufacturers to be more efficient and , in fact , you can see a shift already toward more efficient cars . Kennedy : I 'm involved with a company called Better Place , which made a proposal a couple years ago to Israel to get Israel completely off of gasoline cars within three years . And Israel is going to do that . Within three years , they will be off of gasoline automobiles . We can do that in this country , too , using shifting to electricity and electricity gives us a lot more versatility , it allows us to harness wind . We have -- the Midwest this is the Saudi Arabia of wind . We have enough harnessable wind energy in North Dakota , Kansas and Texas combined to supply all the electrical needs of our country , even if every American were driving an electric car . We have the Scientific American just published a report that shows in 19 percent of the most barren desert lands in the desert Southwest , we have enough solar energy to provide all the electrical needs of our country . ... What we need now is a national policy that says , OK , let 's go out and get those electrons and get them into the marketplace . O'Reilly : I encourage all these alternatives . I think there 's room for all of them . I 'm very concerned because the reality is today that these alternatives are a very small percentage . And just like it takes a long time to drill an offshore well , it takes a long time to find and develop and put in the sort of equipment that Mr. Kennedy is talking about . What bothers me about this is everyone portrays it as an either/or debate . It 's not and either/or debate . ... We need alternative and we need efficiency and we need conventional oil and gas . Watch O'Reilly discuss ballooning gas prices " Kennedy : I really think that they talk windfall profit tax -LSB- on oil companies -RSB- , whether it 's good thing or it 's a bad thing , it 's not a long-term energy policy . What we need is really a long-term -- and drilling off the coast is not a long-term energy policy . What we need is an energy policy . Today , Larry , we are borrowing a billion dollars a day mainly from countries that do n't like us to import oil from countries that do n't like us . When I was a little boy , our country owned half the wealth on the face of the Earth . We are now transferring that wealth at a historic rate to other countries , again , mainly nations that do n't like us . We have solutions . Unfortunately , we have a Congress that 's really brain dead . I 'll tell you something that the Congress did today . First of all , they killed the investment tax credits for solar and wind which are absolutely vital to the growth of this burgeoning industry . Second of all , today , Congress and the White House declared a moratorium , a two-year moratorium on any solar plants being built on federal lands while they study supposedly the environmental impact . O'Reilly : In the first quarter , we made $ 5 billion , which is 7 percent of sales and exactly the median for all of the industry . ... The percentage has been about the same . You 've got to keep in mind that as the revenues are going up , the costs are also going up . So it 's not as if this is all going to the bottom line .	Robert Kennedy Jr. says immediate conservation measures needed Chevron 's David O'Reilly : Oil alternatives to take long time to develop Kennedy : Windfall profits taxes not an energy policy O'Reilly : Chevron profits about 7 percent
London  CNN  -- Graphic photos of the violent death of former Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi dominate most front newspaper pages on Friday , amid a sense of relief that an end to the conflict in the North African country is in sight . Some tabloids effectively dance on Gadhafi 's grave . The headline in The Sun tabloid in Britain has the headline : "  That 's for Lockerbie . " In an editorial , the paper adds : "  British forces should be very proud today as a liberated Libya celebrates the death " of Gadhafi . "  Our brilliant troops spearheaded the operation to end the dictator 's tyranny . "  Revenge is sweet . The architect of Lockerbie , who supplied the IRA with bombs and had London WPC  policewoman  Yvonne Fletcher murdered , died like a rat after being cornered in a drain . "  Six months after the killing of Osama bin Laden , the world is rid of another madman . " Even the left-leaning Guardian recognizes the success of NATO 's military campaign in Libya . "  After all the waiting , the killings and the tears , the wheel of history turned inexorably , and all who watched knew it would never turn back , " wrote the paper 's Simon Tisdall . "  The Arab Spring had claimed another infamous scalp . The risky western intervention had worked . And Libya was liberated at last . " France 's Le Figaro reports the events of Thursday as "  Mission Accomplished " for NATO after a seven-month-long campaign which has seen 26,000 sorties flown over Libya . But it warns that Libya 's new leaders , the National Transitional Council , must do all they can to avoid the country falling into the same state of chaos and anarchy which hit Iraq in 2003 after the fall of Saddam Hussein . "  The National Transitional Council has an obligation to put an end to the ragtag bands of rebels , to protect those Libyan residents with darker skin than others , to forbid any wild behavior ; in short it must ensure the spirit of justice and reconciliation prevails over that of revenge . " In Germany , Die Welt ponders the question of how exactly Gadhafi 's end came about , reporting on the conflicting information about his capture and subsequent killing , and questioning whether he died "  in the crossfire or at the hands of a lynch mob . " The Berlin-based daily reports on the bizarre combination of character traits that made up the "  poet and butcher " Gadhafi , reporting that with his death , "  the world has one less mass murderer and brutally inhuman dictator , but also one less paranoid ` bird of paradise . ' " The Financial Times also hints at a sense of unease over the killing , commenting in an op-ed that "  it might perhaps have been better " if Gadhafi had been captured alive and put on trial . However it added that his death "  has the merit of depriving the remnants of the old regime of a figurehead to rally round . " The European edition of the Wall Street Journal reflects on what the Western intervention in Libya shows us about the contenders for the White House in next year 's presidential election . "  Mr. Obama 's decision to keep a political low profile during the war -- to ` lead from behind ' -- hurt the cause . NATO was left without a political general , and at times it wobbled . The U.S. was too late to recognize the Benghazi government , and Mr. Obama 's calculated reticence invited a backlash in Congress over war powers . "  Yet the president was a statesman compared with some GOP pretenders to the commander-in-chief 's chair . Michele Bachmann , Jon Huntsman and Newt Gingrich opposed U.S. participation as a high-risk intervention , a claim that now looks strategically mistaken and politically opportunistic . John McCain , a Republican who never wavered on Libya , yesterday offered adult advice for the U.S. now ` to deepen our support ' for Libya 's coming move from dictatorship to something new . " It concluded by saying the world 's sole superpower "  can still shape events for the better . " "  Libya 's successful revolution is the latest proof that liberating the world of a dictator can serve America 's strategic interests and its moral principles . " In Britain 's Independent newspaper , Robert Fisk , who met Gadhafi 30 years ago , recalls how the former Libyan strongman was alternately feted , then demonized by the West -- often with confusing haste . "  We loved him . We hated him . Then we loved him again . Blair slobbered over him . Then we hated him again . Then La Clinton slobbered over her BlackBerry and we really hated him even more again . Let us all pray that he was n't murdered . ` Died of wounds suffered during capture . ' What did that mean ? "  He was a crazy combination of Don Corleone and Donald Duck ... and we who had to watch his ridiculous march-pasts and his speeches bit our lips and wrote about Libyan tanks and marines and missiles that were supposed to take this nonsense seriously . His frogmen flipped and flapped through Green Square in the heat and we had to take this rubbish at face value and pretend that it was a real threat to Israel ; just as Blair tried to persuade us  not unsuccessfully  that  Gadhafi 's  pathetic attempts to create ` weapons of mass destruction ' had been skewered . This , in a country that could n't repair a public lavatory . " Finally across the Atlantic , another of Rupert Murdoch 's tabloids , the New York Post managed to produce one of the most bizarre front pages on Gadhafi . Alongside a photo of one of Gadhafi 's alleged captors wearing a New York Yankees baseball cap , the paper got in a cheeky critique of star player Alex Rodriguez 's recent performances , with the sub-headline : "  Gunman had more hits than A-Rod . "	Graphic photos of violent death of Moammar Gadhafi dominate Europe 's newspapers Some tabloids effectively dance on Gadhafi 's grave . Sun headline : "  That 's for Lockerbie " Even the left-leaning Guardian recognizes the success of NATO 's military campaign Germany 's Die Welt ponders question of how Gadhafi 's end came about
