WIRED  -- Steve Jobs made it clear what he thought of 7-inch tablets in October 2010 . They 're "  too small , " and as good as "  dead on arrival . " But the announcement of and anticipation surrounding Amazon 's Kindle Fire tablet may soon have Jobs eating his words . If you 've been living under a rock and have n't heard the news , Amazon debuted its $ 200 7-inch tablet , the Kindle Fire , this week . Make no mistake : It 's no iPad . There 's no front-facing or rear-facing camera , and it 's only got 8 GB of storage . But it 's not meant to be an iPad . It 's a completely different kind of tablet , designed for the pure consumer . That is , it 's designed for consumptive behavior : reading , listening to music , watching video content . The lack of local storage is n't an issue , either ; it 's meant to take advantage of the cloud with services like Amazon 's $ 80 yearly Prime service , as well as Amazon Cloud Drive . And the smaller form factor makes it extra portable , easy to whip out on the bus or the subway  much like a Kindle  . "  With a 7-inch device , you can easily take your Kindle Fire with you and hold it in one hand for gaming and movie watching , " Amazon representative Kinley Campbell said via e-mail . UX design consultant Greg Nudelman thinks that 7-inch tablets could become just as popular as larger 9.7 and 10.1-inch tablets , "  but the types of applications and the context and length of use between might be very different . " The iPad , although portable , is more difficult to manage with a single hand due to its larger size . And while it is certainly geared towards consumptive behavior , the iPad also strives to break the mobile-PC barrier by becoming a tool for creation , with programs like iMovie for iPad and GarageBand for iPad allowing users to produce content rather than just passively take it in . Whether it actually accomplishes that or not is subjective  some scoff at GarageBand 's limited capabilities  , but it 's possible , and likely that more apps of this nature are in the pipeline  third-party produced or otherwise  . Amazon 's decision to debut a smaller-sized tablet was likely influenced by the players in the current tablet market . The 7-inch space has the least resistance , DisplaySearch 's Richard Shim says . Its direct competition is more likely to be the Barnes & Noble Nook Color , which also runs Android and touts a similar form factor , than Apple 's iPad . That 's exactly what fueled Velocity , makers of the 7-inch Android-running Cruz tablet , to choose that size . "  We wanted to avoid the head-to-head comparisons to the 10-inch iPad â $ " ours is a very different product that goes after a different target customer , " marketing manager Josh Covington said . The smaller size also allowed Amazon to more easily make a splash with a lower price point , something other 7-inch tablet manufacturers are going to have to mimic to stay competitive . Take HTC , which just dropped the price of its 7-inch Flyer tablet from an iPad-range $ 499 to a more affordable $ 299 . Samsung also jumped in on the hype , introducing its Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus on Friday . If Samsung can manage a similar price , the Kindle Fire could have another legitimate competitor . And just in case it crosses your mind , a 7-inch tablet would not be something Apple would likely ever debut . Apple has been tremendously successful with its 9.7-inch iPad , which flew off shelves shortly after its debut and has continued solid sales since . Unless that changes for some reason , there is n't a need for Apple to break out a smaller iPad , economically speaking . It 's also not in Apple 's DNA . Since Steve Jobs jumped back on board with Apple in the late '90s , Apple 's success has hinged on innovation , rather than riding on the heels of successful consumer reaction in markets it does n't have a presence in . Take the netbook market for example : Rather than releasing a netbook , Apple introduced the MacBook Air , and later of course , the iPad . Part of what 's hindered the success of the 7-inch tablet , until now , is that they are perceived to be more like an over-sized mobile phone than a tablet , "  and that appears to be the Achilles ' Heel of the mini-tablets , " Nudelman says . But the genius of the Kindle Fire is that it 's more closely identified with Amazon 's popular e-reader line than with smartphones , so it has a clearly defined place within the user 's mind . And now that Amazon has made that distinction clear , other 7-inch tablet makers can at least attempt to capitalize on that extra portable , media-consumption angle , rather than marketing them against the iPad . The Kindle Fire 's separation from both larger iPad-sized tablets and large-screened smartphones , both in size and in function , will help secure a solid niche for other 7-inch tablets to follow . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Kindle Fire is a completely different kind of tablet , designed for the pure consumer Tablet means to take advantage of the cloud with services like Amazon 's $ 80 yearly Prime Smaller form factor makes it extra portable , easy to whip out on the bus or the subway
CNN  -- A 7.1-magnitude earthquake rattled the Solomon Islands on Friday , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . There were no immediate reports of a tsunami . The quake comes two days after an 8.0-magnitude earthquake struck the same region , triggering a tsunami that killed five people but did n't threaten the wider region . Four elderly people and one child died after a roughly 1-meter  3-foot  wave hit the Santa Cruz Islands , an eastern region of the Solomon Islands , said Augustine Bilve , a director at a hospital in Lata , the main town in the area . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes	The 7.1-magnitude quake hit late Friday On Wednesday , five people died after a tsunami hit an eastern area of the Solomon Islands The 8.0-magnitude quake struck off the Santa Cruz Islands , part of the Solomons
CNN  -- Monza may be a long way from his birthplace in West Lothian , Scotland but Italy is unquestionably a home from home for Paul di Resta . The Force India driver 's Italian heritage stems from his octogenarian grandfather , Felice who moved to Scotland from the village of Corigliano  an hour 's drive north of Naples  during his mid-twenties . But as di Resta prepares for this weekend 's Italian Grand Prix , attention is n't so much on the 27-year-old 's past but his future and whether he will join Ferrari next season . Uncertainty surrounding Felipe Massa 's future -- the Brazilian 's contract with the Ferrari F1 team expires at the end of the season -- could mean di Resta 's long-harbored dreams of driving for the Italian marque come true sooner than he expects . "  When I was growing up , the Ferrari domination was the biggest thing in Formula One and equally my dad had a Ferrari so the red , with the Italian , the combination , it 's always been a dream , " Di Resta told CNN ahead of Sunday 's race . "  It 's always the thing I wanted to drive , the car . It sticks out and there is something very special with the prancing horse on the front . "  If I could get that opportunity one day I better grab it with both hands and certainly enable me hopefully to win races and win championships and gain my reputation in F1 , one day to look back on . "  But winning races and winning championships is the important bit and that 's the ladder that I 'm trying to work my way up to at the moment . " Read more : Interactive circuit guide As a young child Di Resta would frequently travel to Italy for family holidays and his connection with the country provides an added attraction to driving at Monza . "  It 's nice to come back and actually see your roots , where it all originated , " the Force India driver told CNN . "  To be racing on a second home soil , if you want to say for me , it probably makes it that extra little bit special . " "  I 've been here obviously lots  as  a young child growing up and  on  family holidays . Equally , when I 've been karting back in the day ... we 'd always come and stay here for a few days after the race and just to come and see everyone and get to know them , " he says . "  But it 's a bit of a surprise each time you come back . Italian families grow quite fast and there 's a lot of young children and a lot of people who make me feel old now ! " Read more : Red Bull choose Ricciardo A retirement at last month 's Belgian Grand Prix at Spa can not detract from what has been the Scot 's most successful season since joining Formula One in 2011 . Seven top ten finishes , including a fourth place at Bahrain in April , have helped di Resta to 10th place in the drivers ' championship . "  The season so far has been a very positive one for Force India , " added di Resta . "  To date , it 's the most points we 've scored . We were fifth in the Constructors ' Championship until the last race , unfortunately we lost out to McLaren but it 's been difficult with the tire construction change recently . But we 're hopeful we can certainly bounce back and Monza is one of the places that generally suits our car . " Read more : Alonso saves cycling team The historic track located a few miles north of Milan is comfortably the fastest on the calendar , with cars going in excess of 340 kph  211 mph  in certain sections . "  I think what really stands out from other grand prix is that it 's a completely different downforce . It 's all about top speed , " di Resta explains . "  The car is moving about a lot -- a lot more than it normally would -- and it usually generates some excellent racing . And to date it 's my best qualifying . I qualified fourth , so  I have  high hopes for doing something special this year . " Read more : McLaren celebrate 50th anniversary A first podium finish would propel the hungry Scot into uncharted territory and provide further evidence of his capabilities in Ferrari 's own back yard . But for now , he 's enjoying the familial atmosphere at Force India . "  I think we , as a team , have punched way above our weight in terms of what resources we have and what we 've achieved . It 's more of a family unit ... The way the team works at the moment is exceptional . "	F1 driver Paul di Resta tells CNN about his dream of driving for Ferrari one day Scot , who has an Italian grandfather , looking forward to Italian Grand Prix at Monza Force India driver hoping to claim a first podium finish of his career at famously fast circuit The 27-year-old has finished in the top ten on seven occasions this season
CNN  -- Chrysler says it will recall 630,000 newer model Jeeps worldwide to fix a software glitch in its side airbag and seat belt mechanism and transmission fluid leak problems . No accidents or injuries happened because of these defects . But it refuses to recall 2.7 million older Jeep models with a fire hazard that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says caused more than 50 people to burn to death . Chrysler 's refusal to comply with the highway administration 's request to recall 2.7 million 1993 to 2004 Cherokee and 2002 to 2007 Liberty models puts profits over safety , putting people who ride in them everyday at risk of their car being hit from behind and going up in flames . These modern day Pintos for soccer moms have been involved in 37 rear-impact fatal fire crashes . Fifty-one people burned to death in those crashes , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . Compare that with the Ford Pinto : 26 people died in Pinto rear impact fires before it was recalled in 1978 . A recall would cost Chrysler no more $ 300 million to fix the problems and return the SUVs . Chrysler would not exist today but for a $ 10 billion bailout loan from the U.S. government . As a return for the bailout , Chrysler should spend a fraction of that to recall the Jeeps . The refusal to recall these rolling firebombs is an insult to American tax payers and Chrysler 's Jeep customers . The Grand Cherokee is 21 times more likely to be involved in a fatal rear impact crash in which fire is the cause of death than its biggest competitor , the Ford Explorer . The Jeep crashes in which people died in fires were readily survivable crashes . A rear impact crash at 70 mph in a vehicle similar in size to these Jeeps is no more severe than that of a front barrier crash at 35 mph , performed in the traffic administration 's 5-Star Safety Ratings . Large seat backs spread the force of the crash better than small airbags , making 80 mph rear impacts survivable . But a car crashing into the rear of these Jeeps can rupture their fuel tanks at speeds less than the 50 mph rear-impact standard . The Center for Auto Safety conducted a 40 mph rear impact crash test of a 1996 Grand Cherokee in which the Jeep 's tank ruptured and spilled all the fuel . The 50 mph standard has 35 % more energy than the Center 's 40 mph test . The Grand Cherokee and Liberty fuel tanks hang lower than the rear bumper , so they are particularly vulnerable to low-speed hits from vehicles that are lower to the ground . Many low-profile cars have sloping front ends that can directly hit the tank . Even 10 mph rear impacts crush the not-so-protective brush guard . In 1978 , Chrysler engineers cited the safety benefits of placing the fuel tank in front of the rear axle and noted that placing the fuel tank behind the rear axle in SUVs may require a shield because of bumper mismatch . Chrysler moved the fuel tank in front of the rear axle in the 2005 Grand Cherokee and in the 2008 Liberty . There has not been a single fire death in a rear impact of the newer Jeeps with the more protected fuel tank location in all the years since . The devastating effect of the fire defects in these Jeep models is that children riding in the back of Jeeps have been killed and injured . Chrysler sold these Jeeps as family vehicles . Parents put their kids in child seats in the back because that 's safer . Tragically , children have been trapped in the seats and suffered horrible burns and deaths because they could be pulled out in time . Fiat CEO John Elkann -- Chrysler is a subsidiary of Fiat -- and Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne are good people with families who should respond to the tragic deaths of their customers and could order a recall today . They owe it to the American public . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clarence Ditlow .	Chrysler recalls Jeeps for software fix , but not models in which 51 people burned to death Ditlow : Company putting occupants of these models at risk of vehicle going up in flames Ditlow : Refusing to recall these 2.7 million Jeeps puts profits over safety He says Chrysler was bailed out by taxpayers for $ 10 billion ; recall would cost $ 300 million
CNN  -- Comatose for seven years , Israel 's iconic former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is showing "  significant brain activity . " The 84-year-old suffered a devastating stroke January 4 , 2006 , and a brain hemorrhage . He was presumed to be in a vegetative state . But on Monday , a team of surprised neuroscientists and doctors said Sharon 's brain appeared to respond when they showed him pictures of his family and had him listen to his son 's voice . Doctors also used tactile stimuli to measure Sharon 's reaction . Does this mean the man Israelis once dubbed the "  Lion of God " could wake ? Doctors urge caution . From the archives : Sculpture of Ariel Sharon in coma to go on show in Israel Sharon was considered one of Israel 's finest military commanders of all time and was involved with nearly every major conflict between Israel and its Arab neighbors . From the '70s to the '90s , he encouraged the building of Israeli settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip . He was a top leader in the Likud Party for 15 years and prime minister from 2001 to 2006 . "  The two great tragedies in modern Middle Eastern politics , which make you wonder if God wants Middle East peace or not , were  Yitzhak  Rabin 's assassination and  Ariel  Sharon 's stroke , " President Bill Clinton remarked in 2011 . Sharon has missed seven years of rising and falling tensions in the Mideast , including election victories by Hamas in the West Bank . A revolutionary movement known as the Arab Spring took root in Tunisia in 2010 and spread to Egypt in 2011 , toppling decades-old regimes and furthering democratic ideals in the Middle East and North Africa . Sharon brain results not proof he 'll wake up How would Sharon react if he knew that a war in Syria , which is supported in part by Israel 's enemy Iran , has been raging for nearly two years ? Doctors tested Sharon like this : They would show him pictures of random houses , which he would not be expected to know , and then a picture of his own house . When the images of his own home were shown , areas of his brain "  lit up " with activity . Doctors then had Sharon 's son speak into a device that turned the words into gibberish . Those sounds did n't register in Sharon 's brain the same way as when his son actually spoke to him using real words . "  We know that he can process pictures -- pictures of faces , " said Dr. Alon Friedman of Ben Gurion University . "  And he can even differentiate between pictures of faces and pictures of houses , pictures of his family to other objects . He can differentiate between words that were spoken to him by his son , compared to a noise . " Sharon 's brain activity was "  encouraging " but "  subtle , " according to a release from Israel 's Soroka University Medical Center , which conducted the tests last week . They were administered by a team of U.S. and Israeli scientists . Doctors are still trying to understand precisely what the results indicate . "  But it does n't mean he 's going to sit up tomorrow and start speaking with his family , " said CNN Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen . "  It just means that things that are familiar to him are just registering in his brain in some way . " Ilan Shelef , head of medical imaging at Soroka University Medical Center said the test "  does n't mean there is a very high process of interpretation " in Sharon 's brain . "  We are not sure about it , " Shelef said . "  What we know for sure  is that  there was a significant metabolic response to these stimuli . " When two conscious people are speaking to each other , he explained , their brains are naturally reacting . It 's unclear why someone in Sharon 's state would respond like that , he said . He cautions against being overly optimistic . "  We know that he is in a very bad situation for many years , " Shelef said . It 's impossible to know whether the test shows that Sharon 's condition is improving because , experts say , the test was not performed earlier in Sharon 's coma . So there 's nothing with which to compare these most recent results . It is "  a comfort , " he said , to Sharon 's family that it seems they 've reached him , but they should keep in mind that it 's unclear what that means right now . The news about Sharon has reminded the world of his legacy and that it still looms large in Israel . As minister of defense in 1982 , he orchestrated Israel 's invasion of Lebanon , a military operation that killed hundreds of Lebanese civilians as Israeli forces sought to wipe out Palestine Liberation Organization fighters in the region . His visit in September 2000 to a holy site in Jerusalem -- known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount -- set off clashes between Palestinians and Israelis that developed into the Second Intifada , or uprising . Several months later , voters elected him as prime minister by the largest margin of victory in Israeli history . In 2003 , he held talks with Palestinian officials about the U.S.-led "  road map to peace " that called for the eventual creation of a Palestinian state . He broke from the right-wing party Likud in November 2005 to form a centrist political party , Kadima , which means "  forward " in Hebrew . Final Israeli election results show divided voters	Doctors showed Ariel Sharon pictures of his family and used other stimuli Sharon 's brain showed activity , but doctors warn against too much optimism Doctors still trying to figure out what results mean Sharon was a divisive figure in Israeli politics during his time as prime minister
HYANNIS , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Family and close friends of Eunice Kennedy Shriver attended a Friday morning funeral for the sister of the late President John F. Kennedy . Special Olympics athlete Loretta Claiborne , at casket , and Maria Shriver attend Eunice Shriver 's wake Thursday . Shriver , a champion of the disabled who founded the Special Olympics , died Tuesday at age 88 . A private funeral service was held at Saint Francis Xavier Roman Catholic Church in Hyannis , Massachusetts . Before the service began , Special Olympians carried the Special Olympics torch into the church , a family statement said . They took part in a procession toward the church , followed by the hearse and the Shriver family walking behind . Watch Maria Shriver pay tribute to her mother " The funeral follows a public wake and prayer service that was held Thursday at Our Lady of Victory Roman Catholic Church in Centerville , Massachusetts . Details about her private burial will not released until after Shriver is laid to rest . Born on July 10 , 1921 , in Brookline , Massachusetts , Shriver was the fifth of nine children of Joseph P. and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy . She emerged from the long shadow of siblings John Kennedy , Robert Kennedy and Sen. Edward Kennedy as the founder of the Special Olympics , which started as a summer day camp in her backyard in 1962 . Today , 3.1 million people with mental disabilities participate in 228 programs in 170 nations , according to the Special Olympics . "  Eunice is now with God in heaven . My sister Jean and I , and our entire family , will miss her with all our hearts , " Edward Kennedy , who is battling brain cancer , said on his Web site . "  I know that our parents and brothers and sisters who have gone before are filled with joy to have her by their side again . " Her health began to fail in recent years , landing her in the hospital in 2005 after a minor stroke and hip fracture . She was hospitalized again in 2007 for an undisclosed ailment . She is survived by her husband , R. Sargent Shriver Jr. , who ran President Lyndon Johnson 's War on Poverty in the 1960s and was Democrat George McGovern 's running mate in the 1972 presidential election . Other survivors include her daughter , Maria Shriver , California 's first lady ; and sons Robert Sargent Shriver III , Timothy Perry Shriver , Mark Kennedy Shriver , and Anthony Paul Kennedy Shriver .	Funeral for Eunice Kennedy Shriver in Hyannis , Massachusetts Shriver founded Special Olympics ; athletes carry torch into church Shriver was fifth of nine children of Joseph P. and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy 3.1 million people participate in Special Olympics in 170 nations
CNN  -- James Bond just turned 50 -- in movie years , anyhow  "  Dr No " came out in 1962  -- and in "  Skyfall " Her Majesty 's sexiest spy seems to be on the verge of a midlife crisis : He 's stuck in a rut , feeling redundant and getting self-conscious about his age . He even considers early retirement , plunging to his apparent doom after he 's shot in the movie 's thunderously exciting pre-credit sequence . Spoiler alert : 007 survives to fight another day , but not until he 's treated himself to an unofficial sabbatical , an opportunity for recuperation and introspection . Not that anyone goes to a Bond movie for navel-gazing , but there 's definitely a more serious undercurrent this time around , a certain hankering after relevance that must surely be attributed to the presence of Academy Award-winning director Sam Mendes . No disrespect to Michael Apted , Lee Tamahori and the rest , but Mendes represents a step up in pedigree for a franchise that 's usually been the preserve of action specialists . Photos : Becoming James Bond Mendes is out to make more than just another Bond film , that much is clear . "  Skyfall " features all the usual elements -- the chases , the girls , the arch villain -- but recalibrated with intelligence and a less smug , more searching sensibility . You might even detect a hint of Lester Burnham , the disenchanted , depressed 50-something played by Kevin Spacey in Mendes ' "  American Beauty , " in the disaffected and mildly disabled Bond played by Daniel Craig this time out . Returning to MI6 in its hour of greatest need , 007 ca n't shoot straight , fails his physical and his psych test , too . But M  Judi Dench  knows he 's still the man for the job even if her latest government overseer  Ralph Fiennes  seems to think they 're both relics headed for the scrapyard . Scripted by Bond specialists Neal Purvis and Robert Wade , this time with a significant assist from John Logan  "  Hugo " ; "  The Aviator "  , "  Skyfall " cobbles together bits and pieces from many another thriller , sometimes more loosely than we might like , and draws in particular from "  The Dark Knight " -- but for my money Mendes gets the balance between light and dark more nearly right than Christopher Nolan managed in this year 's most overbearing blockbuster . This is a movie of gleaming surfaces -- veteran DP Roger Deakins turns a glass skyscraper at night into a funhouse hall of mirrors , and a floating Macau casino is like an oasis in the black sea . After all the globetrotting , "  Skyfall " brings the action back home to Britain -- and Deakins finds a different kind of beauty in the crags and lochs of Scotland . Just on a pictorial level , it 's enticing in a way few CGI spectaculars can match .  The credit sequence alone is among the most lustrous in the entire 007 canon . Bond girls through the years Mendes gambles big on a last act that cuts out all the gadgets and gizmos , brings everything down to bare bones and ties the action to Bond 's own history . He pulls it off , in part because this apparently immortal series desperately needed someone to take a risk , and because Mendes ' class really comes through in the performances . Judi Dench is probably incapable of being bad , but M is a real character this time , with emotions , as well as convictions , and she hits every note just so . Ben Whishaw is a breath of fresh air as a youthful Q , and Craig himself remains the first 007 who might conceivably take down Sean Connery in hand-to-hand combat . Then there 's Javier Bardem , one-upping even his flamboyant psychopath from "  No Country for Old Men . " The only thing banal about his villain Silva is his name . It would be a sin to say too much about this character -- discover him for yourself -- but Bardem 's outrÃ © performance is simply delicious . He 's a warped mama 's boy who fancies himself , whisper it , Bond 's mirror image . It 's been a long time since I enjoyed a Bond movie so much . By taking a good hard look at itself and going back to first principles , "  Skyfall " pulls off something quite special . This is Bond resurrected , redeemed and reinvigorated , ready to face a new half-century .	"  Skyfall " marks the 50th year of the Bond franchise Academy Award-winning director Sam Mendes helms the film Critic says it has been a long time since he has enjoyed a Bond film this much
CNN  -- SeaWorld has been fined $ 75,000 by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration for three safety violations , including one classified as willful , after an animal trainer was killed in February . In a statement Monday , Cindy Coe , OSHA 's regional administrator , said that SeaWorld knew of the inherent risks of allowing trainers to interact with dangerous animals . "  Nonetheless , it required its employees to work within the pool walls , on ledges and on shelves where they were subject to dangerous behavior by the animals , " Coe said in the statement . SeaWorld denied what it called "  unfounded " allegations by the U.S. Department of Labor agency and said it would contest the citations . "  OSHA 's allegations in this citation are unsupported by any evidence or precedent and reflect a fundamental lack of understanding of the safety requirements associated with marine mammal care penalties , " a SeaWorld statement said Monday . In February , a 12,000-pound killer whale at the Orlando , Florida , SeaWorld pulled trainer Dawn Brancheau , 40 , underwater and killed her as horrified park visitors watched . An autopsy report showed Brancheau died from drowning and traumatic injuries to her body , including her spine , ribs and head . The OSHA statement said the whale involved was one of three also involved in the death of an animal trainer in 1991 at a Vancouver , British Columbia , water park . The agency 's investigation "  revealed that SeaWorld trainers had an extensive history of unexpected and potentially dangerous incidents involving killer whales at its various facilities , including its location in Orlando , " the OSHA statement said . "  Despite this record , management failed to make meaningful changes to improve the safety of the work environment for its employees . " OSHA issued one "  willful " citation -- defined as a violation committed with plain indifference or intentional disregard for employee safety health -- for "  exposing its employees to hazards when interacting with killer whales , " the statement said . A second citation classified as "  serious " was issued for failing to install a stairway railing system on one side of a stadium stage , the OSHA statement said , adding that such a violation is when "  death or serious physical harm is likely to result from a hazard about which the employer knew or should have known . " A third citation considered less serious involved a failure to put weatherproof enclosures over outdoor electrical receptacles , the statement said . In response , the SeaWorld statement said its internal review reached a different conclusion . Without providing details , the statement said the conclusions were "  drawn from decades of experience caring for marine mammals . " "  The safety of SeaWorld 's killer whale program was already a model for marine zoological facilities around the world and the changes we are now undertaking in personal safety , facility design and communication will make the display of killer whales at SeaWorld parks safer still , " the SeaWorld statement said . It noted that killer whales at SeaWorld "  are displayed under valid federal permits and under the supervision of two government agencies with directly applicable expertise : The U.S. Department of Agriculture Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service and the U.S. Department of Commerce National Marine Fisheries Service . " The SeaWorld statement also said its trainers were "  among the most skilled , trained and committed zoological professionals in the world today . " "  The fact that there have been so few incidents over more than 2 million separate interactions with killer whales is evidence not just of SeaWorld 's commitment to safety , but to the success of that training and the skill and professionalism of our staff , " the SeaWorld statement said .	NEW : SeaWorld calls OSHA allegations "  unfounded " The federal agency overseeing worker safety fines SeaWorld The fines follow the death of an animal trainer in February OSHA says SeaWorld practices put trainers in danger
CNN  -- The way some Republicans talk about the Environmental Protection Agency , you would think it was created by a bunch of pot-smoking hippies communing at a nudist camp in northern California -- when in fact , the EPA was created by one of their own , Richard Nixon , in 1970 . Much as Republicans do n't like to bring up the huge tax increases instituted by their hero , Ronald Reagan , they prefer to sidestep their role in the EPA 's humble beginnings and blame it on Democrats . They characterize the whole thing as an albatross hanging around the economy 's neck . To be fair , Nixon did not ride into the White House as a conservationist , and he did veto the Clean Water Act . But he said he did so because of the price tag of the policy , not its purpose . After the Santa Barbara oil spill in 1969 -- which at the time was the largest in U.S. history -- Nixon agreed with the rest of thinking society that clean water and air were a good thing . And his fingerprints are all over such tree-hugging initiatives as the Clean Air Act . Sadly , if he tried any of that funny business today , his own party would probably impeach him . That 's how far down the oil well some in the Republican leadership have fallen . Rep. Michelle Bachmann said she would lock the EPA 's doors and turn off its lights if she were president  thankfully there 's no chance of that  ; Newt Gingrich said he would shut down the EPA and create a replacement to work with businesses to create jobs  making it more of a lapdog than watchdog  ; Rick Perry asked the president to halt all regulations , adding "  his EPA regulations are killing jobs all across America . " Many conservatives , such as Bachmann and Perry , refer to the agency as a "  job killer " because of the regulations , and consequent operational costs , it imposes on businesses . I find the label rather odd , considering that research shows that poor air and water quality are people killers and without people , jobs are pretty much useless . The Sierra Club , a 120-year-old conservation nonprofit , estimates that legislation administered by the EPA prevented more than 200,000 premature deaths from air pollutants , cleaned more than 2000 polluted rivers and lakes , and was instrumental in phasing out dangerous chemicals such as DDT and PCBs along with the poisonous leaded gasoline -- one of the worse inventions of all time , according to Time Magazine . That does n't mean it 's an agency without controversy . The Sierra Club , in pushing for more progress , often criticizes the EPA for its shortcomings , and the agency was accused of suppressing a report that questions global warming . Still , how could anyone who has seen news coverage of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico spill -- the current worst oil disaster in U.S. history -- not want the federal government involved in protecting the environment ? EPA critics such as Ron Paul suggest the states should be left to handle their own environmental issues -- an idea that could only come from people who have not had to stand in line at the DMV . Once you 've dealt with that and other state offices , the last thing you would want is to let the states go solo in handling the safety of drinking water . And who did front-runner Mitt Romney cite to say that the EPA functioned better under George W. Bush than Obama ? Oil and gas executives . Talk about a classic example of someone completely lacking in the self-awareness department . I guess for his next piece of news he 'll tell us evangelical voters believe in God . Seriously , if Romney is so hell-bent on stating the obvious , he should bring up the provision in Bush 's 2005 Energy Policy Act that excused natural gas companies from telling the EPA which chemicals they were using to mine with , and say it was a mistake . It 's not like that would be stepping out on a limb , since it 's been well documented that some people who live near gas-drilling facilities can now turn on their faucets and light the water on fire . I 'm not making that up -- rent the documentary "  Gasland " and enjoy the pyrotechnic show . If you can . I found myself getting angry as I listened to homeowner after homeowner share the details of trying to live a life breathing in toxic fumes because of the unregulated drilling . Think Karen Silkwood or Erin Brockovich . Or better yet , think Dick Cheney , the driving force behind W 's energy policy . Why Cheney ? Well , one of the companies making big profits from the natural gas drilling is his former employer , Halliburton . And yet Republicans like Romney -- who as a governor , proposed plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , and as a presidential candidate , backed away from such plans -- and his rivals talk openly about their disdain for the EPA , while pushing for the Keystone XL pipeline extension . The pros and cons of building a system that funnels crude oil into the U.S. are worth exploring . But doing so while plotting to dismantle the EPA reeks of capitalism run amok . I severely doubt the EPA is running as efficiently as it should , and I 'm sure there are some regulations that need to reviewed by the science community . But the Republican notion that a federal policing of our natural resources is a waste of money flies in the face of common sense . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	Republican candidates have sharply criticized EPA , called for it to be limited or shut down LZ Granderson says they 're ignoring the fact that it was created by a GOP president The EPA is credited with administering laws that have saved many lives , he says Granderson : Ending a federal role in enforcing environmental rules makes no sense
NEW ALBANY , Indiana  CNN  -- President Bush vetoed a $ 600 billion spending bill Tuesday , accusing Democratic leaders of wasting money and plotting tax increases , then took his budget fight with Congress on the road . Congress should cut spending "  and send me a responsible measure that I can sign into law , " President Bush said . "  The majority was elected on a pledge of fiscal responsibility , but so far , it 's acting like a teenager with a new credit card , " he said in a speech in New Albany , Indiana . The bill -- which Bush said was laden with $ 10 billion in "  pork " -- would have funded the departments of Labor , Education , and Health and Human Services . It also would have funded projects such as a prison museum , a sailing school and a program to teach Portuguese . "  Congress needs to cut out that pork , reduce the spending and send me a responsible measure that I can sign into law , " the president said . Watch a report on the veto " While polls show Bush 's popularity remains at near-record lows , Congress ranks even lower as a whole . The president has taken numerous opportunities to mock the spending habits of the Democratic leadership and force confrontations over the appropriations bills needed to fund the government for the 2008 budget year , which began October 1 . The bill Bush vetoed Tuesday includes about $ 150 billion to run those departments and more than $ 450 billion in mandatory spending on Medicare and Medicaid , the federal health care programs for the elderly and poor , according to the House Appropriations Committee . The committee 's chairman , Rep. David Obey , called Bush 's veto "  not responsible and not credible . " "  This is a bipartisan bill supported by over 50 Republicans , " Obey , D-Wisconsin , said in a statement issued after the veto . "  There has been virtually no criticism of its contents . It is clear the only reason the president vetoed this bill is pure politics . " Bush said Democrats are supporting $ 22 billion in additional spending beyond his budget proposals this year and $ 205 billion over five years -- money he said would ultimately be raised by tax increases . "  When the bill for all that spending comes due , Congress is going to turn to the working people , to the small-business owners and the entrepreneurs , " he said . Tuesday 's veto is the fifth cast since Democrats took control of Congress in 2006 . Congress has overridden one of those , voting last week to authorize $ 23 billion in water projects nationwide over the president 's objections . Democrats will schedule another override vote this week , an aide to House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said . But Antonia Ferrier , spokeswoman for House Republican Whip Roy Blunt , said Bush 's GOP allies are confident they will be able to sustain the veto . Bush signed a $ 470 billion Pentagon spending bill that covers the Defense Department 's normal operations , but Democrats split $ 50 billion in spending for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan off into a "  bridge fund " to which they plan to attach demands for Bush to withdraw U.S. combat troops . The measure sets up another confrontation with the White House . Bush also demanded Congress reform the alternative minimum tax -- a measure originally aimed at preventing the wealthy from evading taxes , but one that increasingly affects middle-class earners -- without raising additional revenue . He said a plan proposed by Rep. Charles Rangel , the Democratic chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , to eliminate the tax was unacceptable . "  Preventing a tax increase in one area should not be an excuse for raising taxes in other areas , " he said . "  Congress should eliminate the tax increases in the bill and send the AMT relief to my desk as soon as possible . " The elimination of the tax would cause an estimated $ 800 billion to be lost over 10 years . To replace that , Rangel 's bill would add a 4 percent surtax on individual incomes over $ 100,000 , after deductions , and close corporate tax loopholes . The bill also would cut rates for many individual and corporate taxpayers . Republicans have already started calling it "  the mother of all tax increases . " "  With all the other pressures on our economy , raising taxes is one of the most unwise things Congress could possibly do , " Bush said . Bush acknowledged the difficulties Americans face from high fuel prices , a "  challenged " housing market and "  uncertainty " in financial markets stemming from the collapse of the subprime mortgage market -- "  but as we have seen in recent years , this economy is resilient , and that 's important for the American people to understand . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Bush says most of Congress "  acting like a teenager with a new credit card " Bill would have funded agencies , but also a prison museum , sailing school House panel chairman : Bush 's veto "  not responsible and not credible " Democrats to schedule override vote , but Bush GOP allies confident about veto
CNN  -- Senegal President Abdoulaye Wade called rival Macky Sall to concede Sunday 's runoff election , which Sall hailed as a "  victory of the Senegalese people , " state media reported . The 85-year-old Wade faced off against his former prime minister and protege after he failed to win a majority during last month 's controversial election . The two survived a field of 14 candidates during the February 27 election , with Wade receiving 32 % of the vote and Sall getting 25 % . Sall garnered support from several of the failed candidates , who vowed solidarity against Wade as he sought a third term . Sunday night , Sall 's supporters gathered at the candidate 's headquarters in Dakar , cheering and dancing to hip-hop songs in the streets . "  We want change because Senegal is poor and Abdoulaye Wade has done nothing , " said Alpha Ba , 18 , who voted for Sall . "  Today we are proud to be Senegalese . " With 5.3 million voters registered in the country , early turnout was heavy with large crowds waiting to vote in the capital city . Earlier in the day , the head of the European Union Observer team , Thijs Berman , said voting was going well and there were no signs of fraud . In the first round of voting last month , Wade was booed by much of one crowd at a polling place in Dakar . There were unconfirmed reports that he arranged for supporters to come cheer for him and intimidate opponents Sunday . Local radio reported the supporters were dispersed with tear gas when they attempted to enter the polling place . "  In the first round , the voters here spontaneously booed him and it hurt him , " said voter Malick Sy . "  They took it upon themselves to mobilize people who do n't have anything to do with this polling place to come and defend him , basically . I do n't think it is a good image for Senegalese democracy . " However , the incident was thought to be isolated in an otherwise peaceful day of voting . "  Before the first round , there was huge political tension and even casualties , " Berman said . In the second round , "  the situation is much calmer , " he said . "  There is still a lot of political tension but there has hardly been any violence . " Senegal , a small country on Africa 's west coast , has been an outpost of democratic stability in a region with a history of electoral chaos , civil wars and coups . But deadly demonstrations broke out after the country 's highest court cleared Wade to seek a third term in January , and protesters demanded that Wade give up his bid for a new mandate . Opponents argue that the court was compromised and the constitution limits presidents to two terms . But Wade successfully argued that he is exempt because he took office in 2000 , before the term limit was put in place . Wade once was hailed as a visionary , but his popularity has plummeted . Protesters calling for Wade 's ouster have clashed on the streets in recent months . A presidential spokesman has accused opposition candidates and their supporters of fueling "  urban guerrilla warfare " leading up to the February vote . But Wade 's opponents blamed police for the escalating violence , saying they were responsible for some deaths during demonstrations in Dakar and Rufisque . Journalist Nick Loomis contributed to this report .	NEW : Macky Sall hails the "  victory of the Senegalese people " His supporters gather to celebrate at the candidate 's headquarters Senegal President Abdoulaye Wade was seeking a third term Wade and Sall survived a field of 14 candidates in a February election
CNN  -- Twenty four hours after collecting his â ‚ ¬ 80,000  $ 100,000  pension lump sum on May 15 , Spiros , a retired Greek public servant , called his London-based brother-in-law for his bank details . Within two weeks , Spiros had transferred a large chunk of the money , which he 'd saved over a 30-year career in the armed forces , to his relative . Spiros feared his savings would be destroyed if he left them in Greece . He wanted to protect himself from a "  Grexit " -- the term coined for the country 's exit from the eurozone -- and the likelihood of that slashing the value of his money . "  I had never wanted to move my money abroad it but I was forced to do it , " says Thessaloniki-born Spiros , sounding depressed as he described everyday life in his crisis-struck homeland . "  We 're living in constant uncertainty and we do n't know if there is going to be food on the table or if we 're going to be able to pay for our children 's university studies . We do n't want to see our children sacrificed and pay for the mistakes of the politicians . " Greece 's financial crisis : The human cost The father of three says Greece 's leaders have failed their people . Spiros says finding a safer haven for his savings was the "  last option " that came "  out of the necessity " to safeguard the future of his family . "  I 've always paid my taxes , " he says . "  This is now a way of protecting our family since the state is not protecting us . " Greece , the country whose collapsing finances triggered the eurozone debt crisis , is facing its fifth year of recession . It heads to the polls Sunday for the second time in six weeks . The first vote ended with stalemate with no party able to form a coalition . This next vote is crucial ; it could change not only the course of Greece , but all of the 17-country eurozone . The weekend which could change the world The race between the pro-bailout New Democracy party and the anti-austerity package Syriza coalition appears to be tight . But should the country remain in political limbo , it risks a disorderly default on its next bill payment . If Greeks vote against austerity there 's a risk the international money that is bailing out Greece will stop flowing . If they vote for austerity there 's no guarantee that conditions will improve . After nearly three years of painful measures Greece 's economy has sunk further into recession . Further , unemployment for youth under age 25 jumped from 30.2 % in the first quarter of 2010 to more than 52 % in the first three months of this year , according to Eurostat figures . Amid the political turmoil and economic insecurity , many Greeks are simply looking to safeguard their money . Analysts have estimated a "  Grexit " and subsequent return to the drachma , Greece 's currency before the euro , could drastically cut the value of existing cash . What will Greek elections mean for the country 's future ? Spiros is one of many Greeks unwilling to risk their savings . The Greek banks are bleeding cash : according to Bank of Greece figures , total deposits in the country fell by nearly 25 % from June 2010 to April this year . On May 14 , uneasy Greeks pulled about â ‚ ¬ 800 million out of local banks , prompting Greek President Karolos Papoulias to relay a message given to him by the country 's Central Bank Governor George Provopoulos : Panic was possible . But a major bank run could potentially trigger the collapse of Greece 's banking sector , which could then prompt Greece to leave the single currency , analysts say . "  Greek bank deposits have been falling for a number of years now , this is not particularly new , " Jonathan Loynes , chief European economist at Capital Economics says . "  But there would appear to be clear signs of acceleration of a trend over the last few weeks . " The rise and fall of the euro He believes people are driven by fears over a potential return to the drachma -- but warns widespread withdrawals run the risk of creating a self-fulfilling prophecy . "  If they 're pulling their money out then that de-stabilizes the banking system and the economy further , " says Loynes . "  Then of course there 's a danger that it becomes self-fulfilling that actually makes a Greece exit more likely . " Anxiety on the streets of Greece is being exacerbated by the absence of any precedent for exiting the currency . Different scenarios have surfaced -- including a return to the drachma , or having a Greek-specific euro -- but no one knows what the repercussions of a eurozone exit will be . "  We do n't know what our fate is going to be , " says Eirini , a 53-year-old public relations worker from Athens , echoing a widespread sentiment in Greece 's capital . So far , she has left her savings in Greece but intends to transfer a large portion of her savings to the bank account of her daughter in the UK . "  This will certainly make me feel more secure , " says Eirini , adding that many of her friends and relatives have already withdrawn their money from Greek banks . "  This feeling of the unknown is frightening us , " she says . "  We never imagined that something like this would happen -- it 's something unprecedented and we 're all shaken . " Family tragedy tells the story of Greece At the same time , Greeks struggling under the austerity measures are being warned that an exit could bring even greater woes than those they are living with . Late last month the National Bank of Greece warned an exit "  would lead to a significant drop in the living standards of Greek citizens . " According to the bank , an exit could cut average income by 55 % , while any new currency would depreciate 65 % against the euro . The recession would deepen by 22 % , says the bank , pushing up inflation and sending unemployment levels even higher than their current 21.9 % . Amid the gloom , nervous savers simply want to keep their money safe , according to Danai , a broker from Athens who also has moved some of her savings offshore . "  If there 's a switch from euro to drachma nobody can say with certainty what 's going to happen , " she says . Meanwhile Spiros is determined to buffer his family against this uncertainty despite his deep patriotism . "  I love my country and I 've always saw myself being in the frontline , especially now that the times are difficult . But our leaders have betrayed us , " he says . "  We have a responsibility towards our country but we also have a responsibility towards our families . "	Fears of a eurozone exit have fueled withdrawals of savings from Greece Greeks fear the value of their money will plummet if the country leaves the euro currency One told CNN : "  This feeling of the unknown is frightening us " Greece have another election Sunday -- the decision could send ripples across the eurozone
CNN  -- Country singer Billy Currington is a wanted man , indicted on charges of making terroristic threats and the abuse of an elderly person by a Georgia grand jury . The indictment accused Currington , 39 , of threatening bodily harm against Charles Harvey Ferrelle in Tybee Island , Georgia , on April 15 . The elder abuse charge was included because Farrell is older than 65 , the indictment said . A Savannah judge issued a bench warrant for Currington 's arrest after the indictment was handed up by a Chatham County grand jury that "  found sufficient evidence " against him , District Attorney Meg Heap said Wednesday . The prosecutor did not give any other details about the allegations . Currington and his representatives did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment , although the singer did post a message to fans through his Twitter account : "  hey guys , I wanted to thank everyone for the huge amount of support that I have received already . Unfortunately , I ca n't comment on this situation as this is an ongoing legal matter . It means a lot to me to have your support during this time . " While it is unclear if there is a connection , Currington tweeted this two days after the alleged incident : "  harrassing artists often at their home by boat should be illegal . thas all i know . " Although Currington mostly lives in Nashville , he is a native of Rincon , Georgia , which is about 35 miles inland from Tybee Island . Currington 's hit country songs include "  Must Be Doin ' Somethin' Right , " "  Good Directions , " "  People Are Crazy , " "  That 's How Country Boys Roll , " "  Pretty Good at Drinkin ' Beer , " and "  Let Me Down Easy . " CNN 's Denise Quan and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Billy Currington allegedly threatened bodily harm against an elderly man "  I ca n't comment on this situation as this is an ongoing legal matter , " Currington tweets Currington 's country hits include "  People Are Crazy " and "  That 's How Country Boys Roll "
CNN Student News  -- October 15 , 2013 With the debt ceiling deadline days away , leaders in Washington say they 're optimistic about reaching a deal . We also discuss an infectious bacterium that appeared in an NFL locker room , and we explain the Muslim ritual of Hajj . Plus , we make a Career Connection with an opera singer , and a high school elects a king and queen that students say embody the spirit of homecoming . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What are the benefits and limitations of a news report about a medical issue ? Where could you go to get more complete information ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus  MRSA 2 . Hajj 3 . supply and demand Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What 's the status of the congressional debate over the debt ceiling ? Who are some of the major players in this debate ? 2 . Why are there concerns over MRSA ? What are some ways to prevent the spread of this bacterium ? 3 . What advice does opera singer Christian Figueroa have about a career in the arts ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Do you think that both houses of Congress and President Obama will agree on a debt ceiling deal by October 17 ? Why or why not ? What do you think are some of the challenges of reaching an agreement ? 2 . What do you think of fish farms as a solution to meeting the demand for fish ? How might they compare and contrast with ocean fishing ? What is your opinion of the fish farm described in the report ? 3 . In your view , what characteristics should a homecoming king or queen possess ? What were your thoughts on the homecoming story in the program ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Washington , D.C. Asia Mecca , Saudi Arabia ; Hong Kong FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- The stubborn Rim Fire , one of the largest wildfire in California 's history , is 70 % contained , the U.S. Forest Service said Monday night . With rain and cooler temperatures in the forecast , firefighters who have toiled tirelessly for days will likely make further gains in the coming days . Still , officials do n't expect full containment until September 20 . The Rim Fire started August 17 and swallowed more than 235,000 acres -- making it the fifth-largest wildfire in California history . It has cost the state more than $ 39 million to date . Although the fire has consumed tens of thousands of acres inside Yosemite National Park , it has so far had little or no direct impact on Yosemite Valley , a popular spot for tourists and home to many of the park 's iconic attractions , including the El Capitan rock formation . Authorities do n't know what started the Rim Fire -- although the fire chief in the town of Twain Harte said illegal marijuana growers could be the unintentional culprits . "  It might be some sort of illicit grove , marijuana grow-type thing . " Todd McNeal told a meeting on August 23 . The video of the meeting was posted on YouTube and picked up steam recently . Calls to the Twain Harte fire department were not answered Monday night . But Mark Healey with the Rim Fire Information Line dismissed the suggestion , calling it "  rumors . " The fire , he said , was still under investigation . What to know about wildfires	Officials do n't expect full containment until September 20 Twain Harte fire chief says marijuana growers could be to blame Rim Fire officials called the suggestion "  rumors "
Davos  CNN  -- Day 1 - Wednesday : "  Now you remember the rules , do n't you ? " cautions my colleague Richard Quest , a long time veteran of the prestigious World Economic Forum . "  What happens in Davos , stays in Davos . " "  And the Piano Bar , " he continues , referring to the notorious late night haunt for the hardcore high-flyers . "  Well , let 's just call that a sort of no-man 's land . " And so , armed with my crash course in elite etiquette and clutching a coveted , access-all-areas , white badge , I make my way to the lavish surroundings of the Steigenberger Belvedere Hotel -- the epicenter of the Swiss town 's corporate party scene during "  WEF week . " First stop , Steve Forbes ' do , where the man himself is on "  meet and greet " duty by the door with his children -- reinforcing the importance of family business . Inside : The very people who make his magazine 's eponymous rich list a must-read . After a chance encounter with one of those Forbes list stalwarts , steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal , at another Indian tycoon Niraj Bajaj 's party downstairs , it 's off a Jazz soiree , hosted by insurer Zurich , where Grammy Award-winning trumpeter Terence Blanchard strikes a balanced note as CEO Martin Senn works the room . Before calling it a night , I stop by Munich-based events firm DLD 's do where I have a photograph with Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer in the corridor . On my way in I cross Nouriel Roubini -- aka Dr Doom -- who , judging by the smile on his face , seems remarkably unruffled by the bout of economic optimism at Davos this year . "  I 'm so busy . So many meetings , " he flaps before scuttling off to another nightcap and away from the comical Swiss mountain accordion band about to strike up in their folkloristic costumes . Day 2 - Thursday : Two days of sobering talk on inequality , Iran and Syria certainly have n't sapped the mood . If anything , with 40 heads of state and government now gathered in Davos , the captains of industry have even more swagger , hobnobbing with the creme de la creme of G-20 politicians . After picking the brains of Russia 's deputy Prime Minister on Sochi 's security during an ice hockey game he was participating in in the Davos arena , it 's time to shed the snow boots and dress to impress . At drinks laid on by CNBC and the Financial Times , I spot former EU Trade Commissioner and one-time New Labour spin doctor , Peter Mandelson rubbing shoulders with JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon . The latter is smiling broadly , a day before the world learns of his $ 20 million salary for 2013 . "  What 's been your highlight of Davos this year ? " I ask another senior banker . My mouth falls open when he , in all seriousness , replies "  the new Intercontinental . At least we have a decent hotel to stay in with a proper shower . " "  And the sessions ? " I venture . "  Oh no we never go to any of those , " he chuckles . Day 3 - Friday : Russia 's Farewell party brings the usual clutch of glamorous girls and moneyed men . The band is brilliant even if , as a non-Russian speaker , I ca n't understand a word of what they are singing . The champagne flows fast , as if it 's as plentiful as the nation 's oil and gas , while the cloakroom fills up with some of the most ostentatious fur coats I have ever seen . Carl Bildt and his MEP wife cut dashing figures as they head towards the bar . I deduce the Swedish foreign secretary must be the most sociable politician present at Davos this year for I have run into him at no fewer than five evening events already . Next , it 's off to McKinsey & Co 's bash where Standard Chartered 's Peter Sands is mingling among the crowd unaccompanied after his firm 's sudden management reshuffle last week . Networking doyenne Carole Stone is in fine form and -- in the absence of any Google glasses - - is game enough to have her picture taken wearing pair of the joke neon ones handed out . Having recently collected a $ 1.3 million windfall from the sale of her business , Stone has shunned the usual extravagances afforded to most Davos millionaires and informs me she 's moving back into the Covent Garden bolt hole where her business originally began . Financial Times columnist Gillian Tett and Ian Bremmer of the Eurasia Group gather for a group photo and everyone bids the bar goodbye . Day 4 - Saturday : Davos goes out with a bang as more than a thousand guests gather for a black tie dinner . En-route to the venue I 'm lucky enough to share a shuttle with an upbeat Avie Glazer , the American chairman of Manchester United , who expresses concern about wage inflation in the market for Premiere League players today . John Kerry 's fiery Davos speech seems to have been the talk of the town among four young American biotech entrepreneurs I dine with , each of which it turns out has floated their firm on the Nasdaq this year while markets enjoy all time records . Among other notable movers and shakers : The former head of the UK financial services authority Adair Turner and Columbia University 's Spanish economics guru Xavier Sala-i-Martin . As I ready to leave , I remember no trip to this alpine enclave would be complete without catching CNN 's own Emerging Markets editor John Defterios striking up a natty tune at the altogether more inclusive atmosphere of the Hotel Europa 's "  Piano Bar . " I 'm just in time , as it turns out , to catch the crowd singing along to Bryan Adams ' "  Summer of 69 . " Boy , I think , things must have changed since then , before the World Economic Forum rolled into this pleasant little place . READ MORE : Quest 's selfie challenge Goldie Hawn on ` mindfulness ' Are shareholders kiss of death ?	CNN 's Nina dos Santo was at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland She interviewed business and political leaders and went to parties with millionaires No trip 's complete without the Piano Bar , where the atmosphere is inclusive
Tombstone , Arizona  CNN  -- The six Forest Service rangers suddenly crouched , whispering , on their way up the rocky mountain trail . It was early Friday afternoon , the first day of the Tombstone Shovel Brigade , and the rangers were out in force , hiking to the spot where dozens of volunteers worked with picks and shovels to move and bury Tombstone 's makeshift water line . Shhh ! Look ! Do you see it ? The rangers stopped in their tracks . Binoculars emerged from pockets , and fingers pointed to a stand of trees . And there it was , a Mexican spotted owl , perched high in a pine tree . It was a male , the rangers said , with his back turned to the intruders . He scratched and preened . But mostly , the owl seemed to be watching the nest in a nearby sycamore tree where his mate tended to an owlet . The owl is a threatened species , and until a few days ago its presence in fire-scorched Miller Canyon was a matter of speculation . But now that it has surfaced , the owl could be a game-changer in the water war between the U.S. Forest Service and the Wild West city made famous by the 30-second gunfight at the O.K. Corral . Tombstone is trying to repair a 26-mile pipeline that has brought mountain spring water into the city since 1881 . It was damaged during last summer 's Monument Fire and monsoon rains that brought mud , water and boulders crashing down the denuded slopes . The Miller Peak Wilderness Area , where owls nest in the trees above Tombstone 's pipeline , was hit particularly hard . Sections of pipeline simply vanished , and Tombstone 's reservoir ran dry by August . Kevin Rudd , project manager for the Tombstone pipeline , said the repaired pipeline needs to be shored up or it surely will be washed away when the monsoon rains return next month . Planned tasks for the shovel brigade include reinforcing the spring and diverting its flow by using boulders , sand , downed trees and other flood debris . As for the owl , nobody could say for certain after the fire whether it would return . But it 's the big reason why the Forest Service would n't simply hand Tombstone a permit to use heavy construction equipment to fix the pipeline . Tombstone responded by taking the feds to court . Since then , the conflict has escalated , taking on a life of its own . Tombstone now asserts that it owns 25 springs in the Huachuca Mountains and should n't have to ask anyone for permission to maintain its own water line . The Forest Service says Tombstone holds permits for just five springs , and it argues the city is trying to exploit a natural disaster to expand its water system . With the conservative Goldwater Institute taking on Tombstone 's legal work , the court battle has blossomed into a full-blown states rights dispute . Tombstone is getting the attention of activists from Utah , New Mexico and other Western states who say the federal government has gone too far . It has become ground zero in a rekindled Sagebrush Rebellion . "  I 'd love to say that this is a partisan issue and that if this administration changes , it 's going to be all sweetness and light , " said Caren Cowan , a Tombstone native who now heads the New Mexico Cattle Growers Association . "  But I have 22 years of experience telling me otherwise . It 's not a partisan issue . " Cowan said she has battled the Forest Service often on behalf of ranchers in her state and has found that "  people in Washington just do n't understand the West . They do n't understand the wide open spaces and how we live and how we manage the land . " The federal government controls millions of acres in the West , and some folks believe the feds have reneged on a promise to turn over large swaths to local control once statehood was achieved . It 's a battle cry once made by oilmen and ranchers , and now state and local governments are taking up the cause . The leaders of the Jarbidge Shovel Brigade , which in 2000 used volunteer muscle power to move a boulder and reopen a wilderness road near Elko , Nevada , rallied to Tombstone 's side . A nonprofit organization was set up , and Tombstone so far has received $ 2,000 in donations and about 400 shovels . The Jarbidge contingent then traveled to Tombstone , hiked up the mountain and labored on the pipeline . So did Ken Ivory , a state representative from Utah , who won passage of legislation that seeks to turn over federal land to his state . He says the conflict playing out in Tombstone is an example of the Forest Service dictating to , rather than working with , local government officials . He says the feds suddenly cut off Tombstone 's access to springs and roads the city has maintained for 130 years under "  an arbitrary and irrational federal policy . " As a result , Ivory said , Tombstone "  is minutes away from going up in smoke " because it is "  a wooden town in the middle of the desert in the middle of a drought . " At the center of the debate is the Mexican spotted owl . "  What is more important , owls or the people of Tombstone ? " James Upchurch , a Forest Service supervisor who oversees the wilderness , was asked in court earlier this year . Upchurch responded that there was no easy answer , which left jaws dropping on Tombstone 's side of the courtroom . So far , the Forest Service had been winning in court ; Tombstone 's request for an emergency injunction went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court but was turned down . The feds seemed to be losing in the court of public opinion , though . Tombstone tells a compelling story , portraying the Forest Service as a rogue agency of obstructionist , tree-hugging bureaucrats . The Forest Service had offered little comment , and when it did say something , it sounded to the people of Tombstone , well , tree-hugging and bureaucratic . But the rangers came out in force on Friday , presenting their helpful side . A group of Forest Service firefighters hiked up the mountain and used a two-man crosscut saw to take down a tree and clear a path for the pipeline . While everyone agrees the relationship between Tombstone city officials and Forest Service rangers has improved in recent weeks , their differences simmer just below the surface . The agency is working with the city to come up with a plan to keep water flowing to Tombstone , but it is n't standing down . The Forest Service granted permits Thursday for the city to bring the all-volunteer shovel brigade into the canyon to shore up the pipeline . Tombstone has until 8 p.m. Saturday to finish the job . And so , under an unforgiving desert sun , about 100 people -- including Old West cowboy types with monikers such as "  Whiskers " and "  Cowboy Doug " -- gathered at Tombstone 's old high school football field Friday for the first day of an event that was billed as part protest and part work party . Cowan , who heads the cattle growers group , grew up in Tombstone and remembers playing powder puff football on that field during the 1970s . Her great-grandfather was among Tombstone 's first settlers and made a name for himself in banking and ranching , but she considers herself "  an economic refugee from Arizona . " She says she knows all too well how difficult navigating Forest Service regulations can be . "  The idea that the Forest Service is trying to take water away from my hometown is just beyond words , " she said . "  I 'm very proud to be here today to help and to fight . We 're going to fix this , and the Forest Service is going to listen . " The three-mile hike up the mountain was grueling in the 100-degree heat . The trail is steep and rocky , and some of the volunteers did n't make it to the top . Those who did found themselves moving boulders , digging trenches and sliding on gravelly slopes . Soaked with sweat , they staggered down the mountain after a couple of hours of hard labor . "  It 's just a lot of manual labor , " said Ben Headen , president of Tombstone 's American Legion post . It was frustrating , he said , because "  we should n't be doing it by manual labor , we should be using equipment . " His friend Tim Ferrick , a fellow veteran , said he considered it his "  patriotic duty " to stand up for Tombstone 's water rights . Meanwhile , Tombstone 's cause has found a champion in Washington . U.S. Rep. Jeff Flake , an Arizona Republican , recently introduced H.R. 5971 , the Emergency Water Supply Restoration Act . It proposes to set aside Forest Service restrictions against the use of construction equipment during state-declared water emergencies . Flake and Nancy Sosa , Tombstone 's archivist , were among the witnesses who testified before a subcommittee of the House on Friday . Flake said : "  The unforeseen consequences of federal laws and regulations threaten to do something outlaws , economic busts and the Arizona desert could n't : Kill the town too tough to die . "	Volunteer shovel brigade heads to hills to fix Tombstone water line by hand Pipeline damaged by fire and monsoon rains lies in protected wilderness area Forest Service wo n't let city use heavy equipment , citing presence of Mexican spotted owl In Washington , Tombstone 's cause has found a champion in Arizona congressman
In our increasingly digital world , a mobile phone or other portable device is often a one-stop communication device . Phone calls , text messages , social media and even radio and television can all come from the same gadget . And when the power goes out , these gadgets can quickly become stylish but useless bricks . As a potentially historic blizzard barrels toward the Northeast , now is the time to be juicing up the mobile devices you use to stay connected . Also , do n't forget about backup devices like that BlackBerry you got from work , tablets and even e-readers that have Web access . But when the lights go out , you 're on your own . Here are some tools and tips to try to keep you connected longer . If you have time to grab some gear now : Battery charger A backup charger for your phone or tablet can can keep you linked in longer . "  Juice packs " can be bought for $ 100 or less  Mophie , for one , makes them for Apple and Android devices  and many of the chargers double as protective cases for your smartphone or tablet . Alternately , battery-powered backup chargers like the Zagg Sparq can provide several full charges for your mobile devices after the usual electrical options are gone . You can even find chargers that use solar power . So as long as you 've got a dry spot and at least a brief break from the rain , Mother Nature can help bail you out . And do n't forget about your car charger , assuming you have one . Your car 's battery will be solid long after your phone 's is n't . Power inverter If you need to power up something a little bigger than a phone , a power inverter might be a useful tool . If you want to be able to use a laptop or desktop computer during an outage , this may be the way to go . The inverter can be used to convert DC power from your car battery into AC juice for things usually plugged into a wall outlet . Places like Batteries Plus , as well as most computer stores , usually have these around in a wide range of power . Ask an employee how much of a charge you need for what you want to do . Here are some other tips if you do n't have the option of buying new chargers : Laptop as back-up generator This one seems obvious ... once you 've thought about it . But it 's the sort of thing that can slip your mind when there 's a lot of other preparation to be done . While there 's time , fully charge your laptop  or , best case , laptops  . Then do n't use it . When other power sources go out , you can plug your phone or tablet into the laptop , via the USB port , for the extra juice . Stop running apps Check your phone 's settings . Some apps quietly run in the background even when you 're not using them , causing your battery to drain faster . Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are two examples , but there are plenty of others . Here 's a video for how to disable Wi-Fi on an iPhone and a walkthrough for how to control battery usage on Android devices .  Hat tip to Quartz.com  . Also , texting burns less power than a phone call , so go that route when you can . And turning down your screen 's brightness will also help conserve juice . Use a battery-life app Several free apps for both iOS  Apple  and Android devices promise to help you extend your phone 's battery life . One such app is Carat , which observes how you use your smartphone and makes personalized suggestions about which power-sucking apps you might delete .	As winter storms approach , be mindful of charging your mobile devices Fully charged laptops can be backup power sources Battery - or solar-powered chargers will keep you going in a pinch Turn off Wi-Fi and background apps to extend smartphone battery life
CNN  -- "  L.A. Law " had buzz right from the moment it premiered in 1986 . Co-created by Steven Bochco , hot off his success with "  Hill Street Blues , " the series was set at the high-priced Los Angeles law firm of McKenzie , Brackman , Chaney and Kuzak . The cast was glossy and diverse , including Jimmy Smits , Blair Underwood , Jill Eikenberry , Michael Tucker , Susan Dey , Richard Dysart , Alan Rachins and Corbin Bernsen . Most of all , it pushed the boundaries of the legal show the way "  Hill Street " did with cop shows . "  L.A. Law 's " principals argued cases involving rape , capital punishment , big business , child molestation , AIDS and medical malpractice at a time when such subjects were seldom mentioned on prime-time television , and certainly not in such detail . This was no "  Perry Mason , " or even "  The Defenders . " Bochco being Bochco , the hard stuff was paired with moments of silly humor and steamy sex  or silly sex and steamy humor  , making for a high-wire balance of drama and comedy . One first-season episode got people talking about a fictional sex act called the "  Venus Butterfly " ; later , the show actually killed off a character by dropping her down an elevator shaft . The big hair and big-shouldered suits of the '80s may be gone , but the show remains influential . David E. Kelley , a real-life lawyer who later created "  Picket Fences , " "  The Practice " and "  Ally McBeal , " got his television start as a writer on "  L.A. Law . " The show 's first season is finally out on DVD , with the second expected to follow in a few months . CNN spoke to Smits , now a star of "  Sons of Anarchy " who played idealistic Hispanic attorney Victor Sifuentes , and Alan Rachins , who played bottom-line-oriented partner Douglas Brackman Jr. and later starred on "  Dharma and Greg , " about the show and its impact . The following is a condensed version of the interviews , which were done separately : CNN : How did you get the part ? Jimmy Smits : I was actually working in Boston at the time doing a "  Spenser : For Hire , " and a manager sent me the  description  and said it was the guys from "  Hill Street Blues , " and would I like to go and meet on this ? I went to New York to meet some executives , and they threw a bunch of legalese at  me to perform  . I 'm a slow , kind of methodical study , so I did n't really do very well . I was so depressed . One of my friends in California said , "  You did n't meet this Bochco guy . You met some lady who was weeding people out ! Get on a People Express flight and stay with me and try to get in and set up another appointment . " I borrowed money , came out here -- and eventually got an audition with Steven Bochco and  director  Gregory Hoblit . I met with Steven and he has all this sports memorabilia and he was swinging a baseball bat , and I said , if it does n't go well , do I get one of those over my head ? But it went well . Alan Rachins : I 'm married to Bochco 's sister  Joanna Frank , who later played Brackman 's wife , Sheila , on "  L.A. Law "  , which is how we were able to invite him to the L.A. film festival to see Henry Jaglom 's film "  Always . " It was right at the time when  Bochco  was developing "  L.A. Law . " What I did in that particular Jaglom film was the spark that brought Brackman to me . CNN : I understand the portrait of Brackman 's father was of your actual dad ? Rachins : That was my dad . Considering they made a point in the pilot that Douglas was the son of one of the co-founders and that Douglas did n't quite measure up to the great man his father was , my father 's picture had a certain amount of charisma to it and I thought it was really apt . My relatives were thrilled and delighted that he was there . When there was an episode where my father 's picture did not get on screen , I 'd get a call from one of my relatives saying , "  Alan ! No picture ! What happened ? " CNN : When did you know you were a hit ? Smits : At the end of the second or third season , I was on a plane going back to New York a lot , and there was a person I was sitting next to who worked in admissions in colleges . And they were going to some convention and they were talking about how the number of law school applications had skyrocketed since the show had aired . That 's when I knew we were making an impact . Rachins : Lawyers liked the show . They often wrote the writers to ask for a particular summation on a case they were working for that they saw on the show , so they could incorporate it into their own summation . And every once in awhile , a guy would come up to me and say , "  I 'm the Brackman " -- he 's the business guy in his law firm . CNN : Tell us about the camaraderie . Smits : The conference room scenes took a long time to shoot because it was a circular table and you had to shoot it a particular way . But it was such a great time we had during those conference room scenes because we were all together and we were always talking about the work . It felt like we were part of a theater ensemble . Rachins : One of the things that made it such a happy set was how everyone 's character was served through the years , so that no one ran away from the show . It was an ensemble that had everyone making terrific contributions . CNN : What were some of your favorite moments ? Smits : I remember James Earl Jones working on a case , and he 's kind of an idol of mine , and it was Susan  Dey  's case with him , but I do remember coming in one or two days just to see how he 'd handle closing arguments . Rachins : My character had some interesting adventures with women , including my wife , so when I had some battles with my wife  on the show  , that was fun . And the affairs I had -- one with my father 's former mistress , and another with a sex therapist , were particularly adventurous and fun . CNN : What are you up to now ? Rachins : I 'm looking for that third TV series . I loved my first two -- I got to work with Steve Bochco , one of the best ever , and Chuck Lorre , one of the best ever . I have an independent film and guest spots here and there . Fingers crossed , I 'm looking for that third series . Smits : I think the  "  Sons of Anarchy "  writers room gets together in late March , beginning of April . We start  shooting  in May .  So  I 'm trying to look for jobs , man . You 're always doing "  Death of a Salesman . " It 's always Willy Loman , knocking on doors .	The first season of "  L.A. Law " is out on DVD "  L.A. Law " was groundbreaking in 1980s , taking on issues other shows would n't touch Jimmy Smits : Law school applications went up during show 's run Alan Rachins : All the characters were served , and we had great camaraderie
CNN  -- The wife of a man suspected of killing five people in Tennessee and one in Alabama was among the victims found in southern Tennessee , along with her son , father and brother , police said Sunday . Jacob Shaffer was arrested in connection with the slayings of six people in Tennessee , police said . Jacob Shaffer , 30 , of Fayetteville , Tennessee , was arrested Saturday after three people were found dead at a home in Fayetteville , 90 miles south of Nashville , Tennessee . Two other people were found at another home on the same street . The three found in one home were Shaffer 's wife , Traci Shaffer , 38 ; her son Devin Brooks , 16 ; and the youth 's friend and neighbor , 16-year-old Robert Berber , according to a statement Sunday from the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation . The two people found at the other home were Traci Shaffer 's father , Billy Hall , 57 , and her brother Chris Hall , 34 , authorities said . Autopsies were being conducted Sunday on the five , and causes of death would be released by medical examiners , the bureau said . A sixth person was found dead at a business about 30 miles away in Huntsville , Alabama , the Tennessee authorities said . The person 's name was not released Sunday . Jacob Shaffer was in one of the Fayetteville homes when Lincoln County sheriff 's deputies arrived Saturday , authorities said . Police believe the deaths happened either Friday night or Saturday , according to Kristin Helm of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation . Officials said they believe the deaths were related to a domestic dispute . It was unclear when or how the Huntsville victim died . "  We have no clue yet as to what unfolded there and how it relates to here , " Huntsville Police Sgt. Mickey Allen said Saturday . Without naming Shaffer , Allen said Tennessee authorities told him a man confessed to a slaying in Huntsville and to five other killings in Fayetteville . Shaffer faces five counts of criminal homicide in the Tennessee deaths , the TBI statement said . He was in the Lincoln County Jail without bond Sunday . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas-Nazario contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect 's wife and her son , brother and father among the dead , police say 30-year-old Jacob Shaffer was arrested Saturday , police said Shaffer faces murder charges , Tennessee Bureau of Investigation says Five bodies were found at two homes in Tennessee ; one victim in Alabama
Is this the end of "  Gangnam Style " mania ? Korean pop star PSY -- who rose to fame through his YouTube record-breaking video "  Gangnam Style " -- apologized Friday for anti-American lyrics he rapped back in 2004 . That performance resurfaced on CNN 's iReport and then circulated widely online . It included lyrics calling for the death of American troops serving in Iraq , not long after news of the brutal slaying of a South Korean hostage by Iraqi insurgents -- an incident which sparked anti-American sentiment in South Korea . In his apology , PSY said his performance had been emotionally charged and was a response to events in the war in Iraq . "  I understand the sacrifices American servicemen and women have made to protect freedom and democracy in my country and around the world , " he said in a statement . He said the song "  was part of a deeply emotional reaction to the war in Iraq and the killing of two Korean schoolgirls that was part of the overall anti-war sentiment shared by others around the world at that time . " The girls were struck and killed by a U.S. military vehicle . PSY continued : "  While I 'm grateful for the freedom to express one 's self , I 've learned there are limits to what language is appropriate and I 'm deeply sorry for how these lyrics could be interpreted . I will forever be sorry for any pain I have caused by those words . "  While it 's important that we express our opinions , I deeply regret the inflammatory and inappropriate language I used to do so . " The lyrics of the song , titled "  Dear America , " were written by the South Korean rock band N.E.X.T. , and PSY was one of three performers rapping out the lyrics on stage . The lyrics were posted on a then-unvetted CNN iReport in October . The English translation of the Korean lyrics has picked up steam online since then , drawing thousands of views , and then exploding on blogs and social media this week . CNN reached out to the iReporter who brought attention to PSY 's anti-American lyrics , but did not receive a response . CNN was able to translate the lyrics as saying , " Kill those f -- ing Yankees who have been torturing Iraqi captives and those who ordered them to torture , " and going on to say , "  Kill them all slowly and painfully , " as well as "  daughters , mothers , daughters-in-law and fathers . " PSY shook hands with President Barack Obama over the weekend at "  Christmas in Washington , " a charity music concert where he performed alongside stars such as Diana Ross and Demi Lovato . Before PSY 's D.C. performance , his controversial lyrics led to a petition on whitehouse.gov demanding that he be dropped from the concert . Even as conservative websites picked up the story , the petition was deleted later in the day . The White House website claimed that it violated terms of participation . Commenters on the original CNN iReport responded with varying viewpoints on the lyrics . Some expressed outrage over the Korean pop star 's alleged call for the slaying American troops . Commenter shin000 said on October 31 : "  Whatever the reason is , the fact that PSY insulted American Army and their family is changeless . He sang this song because of that accident and public opinion ? " Others praised PSY for speaking up and expressing his anti-war sentiments . Commenter SavvyMike said on October 30 : "  As an American , this makes me like Psy even more . Glad to see he has the balls to call out America when we are doing evil . " Other commenters lashed out at the iReporter , saying that he misrepresented PSY in his iReport contribution . Commenter jsong9172 said on October 30 , 2012 : "  He is criticizing the US Army , not the country . Do a thorough background research before you scribble something otherwise you 'd ruin one 's life . " After the lyrics from the 2004 performance surfaced , there was an often vitriolic response on Twitter : "  So Mr. ` Gangnam Style ' @psy_oppa made a song before about America and how all U.S. soldiers should be killed ... guy should flee the US now , " said @TheOfficialTate . Fashion publicist/reality star Kelly Cutrone said his "  words against the women in my country " were "  disgusting , " and referred to him as a "  poseur faker freak . " @eclecticbrotha defended him saying , "  Oh look , we 're supposed to hate Psy because he once joined protests against American imperialism . " As for PSY 's handling of the criticism , Matt J. Duffy , a journalism teacher from Atlanta , tweeted , "  His statement is lesson in good crisis PR . " It 's unclear what the fallout of the revelation of these anti-American lyrics will be . But it has us wondering -- what do you think the consequences should be ? Should a rapper be held accountable for what he said in 2004 ? Let 's talk about it in the comments on this story . You can be sure we 'll continue this conversation on CNN for the next few days .	South Korean pop star PSY apologized for what he called "  inflammatory " lyrics PSY rapped in 2004 : ` Kill those f -- ing Yankees who have been torturing Iraqi captives ' The lyrics , posted in October on CNN iReport , exploded on blogs , social media months later PSY : ' I will be forever sorry for any pain I have caused by those words '
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- At the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival , some of the best music happens miles from the Fairgrounds , hours after the crowds have gone and the last of the crawfish bread has been consumed . Shamarr Allen , Mark Mullins and Ben Ellman sport the Midnite Disturbers T-shirts as they perform . It happens with the arrival of Midnite . At 1:18 a.m. , Bonerama -- a brass-funk rock band lead by three trombones -- has just finished a 90-minute set that started with a soulful , passionate original tune written by bandleader Mark Mullins , and concluded with a cover of Jimi Hendrix ' "  Crosstown Traffic , " complete with the trombones running through wah-wah pedals . Suddenly the crowd of about 75 clears out of the way as a dozen musicians parade in the room . Dressed in black shirts , they are the Midnite Disturbers , a Jazz Fest supergroup whose appearance is as infrequent as a lunar eclipse . Each member of the Midnite Disturbers fronts his own band , and the artists are rarely in the city at the same time . The band was started by New Orleans drummers and longtime friends Stanton Moore and Kevin O'Day . In the weeks following Katrina , O'Day had moved into Moore 's house , where the two hit on an idea . "  We realized we had never had our own band together , and we decided to invite all of the best horn players we know to play with us , " O'Day said . Each artist has a name , printed in red , on his shirt , following the command "  Listen to " : Smokey Johnson ... Brian O'Neill ... Henry "  Red " Allen . They 're the band 's predecessors and mentors . Although probably little known outside the Crescent City , they 're the musicians who shaped New Orleans music : masters of their craft . Modern-day masters in their own right , the Midnite Disturbers live up to their name , splitting the night with their loud , hard , funky jams . There are up-and-comers Troy Andrews and Shamarr Allen , and veterans such as Mullins from Bonerama , Stanton Moore and Ben Ellman from Galactic . Their black shirts are drenched with sweat by the time they finish playing . "  Its an honor to play with such veterans because it 's confirmation that I 'm doing my thing on a level to where people are noticing the hard work that I have been putting in , " said trumpet player Shamarr Allen . "  Playing with this kind of band keeps you on your toes . It 's more interesting and challenging to try to understand everyone 's musical approach and find a spot for yours to fit . "  That 's the beauty of it , " he said . "  How to sound good , have fun , listen to each other , entertain a crowd , and stay on the same page at the same time . It lets me know , if I 'm not there yet , I 'm on my way to being one of the big boys . " The Midnite Disturbers will be at Jazz Fest -- of course -- holding down a 5:55 p.m. slot Saturday afternoon . And then , when it 's over , they 'll be gone -- ready to get together when the moon beckons .	Midnite Disturbers is an all-star band of New Orleans musicians Group does brassy funk , New Orleans style , calling attention to influences Disturbers scheduled to play Jazz Fest Saturday afternoon
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Police mismanaged a shootout connected to the deaths of four Oakland , California , police officers last March , making a series of poor decisions that might have contributed to the record death toll , an independent board says . The board this week released a sometimes scathing report that paints a vivid picture of the chaos that descended on an east Oakland street on March 21 after a convicted felon opened fire on officers during a traffic stop . Lovelle Mixon , 26 , is accused of fatally shooting two Oakland patrol officers and fleeing to a nearby apartment building . Mixon then allegedly shot and killed two SWAT officers who burst into the apartment before police fatally shot him . The incident was deadliest in Oakland police history , the board said . The panel , made up of law enforcement experts , said the two officers made a mistake in the traffic stop when both approached the car on the driver 's side . That approach violated Oakland police training procedures and safety practices . But the report 's most severe criticism focuses on how Oakland police handled the surge of 115 police cars that rushed to the scene after the traffic stop . "  The activities of the 115 OPD -LSB- Oakland Police Department -RSB- and outside agency units on scene were disorganized and confused due to poor situational awareness and lack of clear command and control , " the report says . Some other criticism : • None of the highest-ranking officers at the scene took an overall leadership role in the operation , and no command post was set up to efficiently dessiminate information . "  As a consequence , no one knew who was in charge , adding to the confusion and disorganization , " the report says . • Police leadership violated policy by assembling a SWAT team from officers on scene instead of waiting for the official special weapons and tactics team to arrive . • A decision was made to have the ad hoc SWAT team enter an apartment where the suspect was thought to be hiding . But the building was not "  formally scouted ; no effort was made to ascertain the status of apartment building residents , the apartment building 's interior configurations , as well as individual apartment floor plans , " the report says . • The SWAT team entered the apartment without a warrant before hostage negotiators or snipers arrived . The team had never trained together and was not ready for the high-powered response it received from the gunman . The gunman shot the first two officers who entered the apartment , killing one of them . As other officers entered the dimly lit front room filled with children 's toys , the officers were startled to see a woman running at them , screaming . "  Surprised entry team members alerted on her as a possible shooter , but held their fire while they assessed the threat she posed as she ran yelling past them into the outer hallway , " the report says . The gunman retreated to a bedroom , where he fatally shot one more officer before police killed him . The report praised the officers ' restraint in not shooting the woman who was in the apartment . But , in all , the report found 11 things that Oakland police did well during the incident and 23 things that needed improvement . The report will help strengthen the police department , Chief Anthony Batts told CNN affiliate KGO . "  We will correct those areas that we were flawed in . We will improve , " Batts said .	Poor decisions may have contributed to death of four officers , board says Officers violated Oakland police training procedures , safety practices , report finds Report finds 11 things Oakland police did well , 23 things that need improvement . "  We will correct those areas , " police chief says
CNN  -- Images beamed around the world last week of unruly and provocative protests by indigenous Australians projected a portrait of an angry and disenfranchised group . The protesters thumped on the windows of a restaurant where Prime Minister Julia Gillard had been attending a ceremony , prompting security officers to rush her out of the building . They also burned the Australian flag in front of Parliament . Those actions have provoked alarm and introspection in Australia about the relationship of the indigenous population with society as a whole . And they have stirred controversy at a delicate time : The country is considering the possibility of changing the wording of its Constitution to give better recognition to indigenous Australians . The protests also gave a misleading impression of the complex role Aborigines play in Australian society . Many commentators -- both Aborigine and non-Aborigine -- have been quick to stress that the protests involved a small number of people and do not represent the views of the broader indigenous Australian population of about half a million people . "  The Aborigines that I recognized in the television reportage of the protests do n't really have a role in the Aboriginal community. , " said Marcia Langton , the head of Australian indigenous studies at the University of Melbourne . "  They 're the disaffected fringe . They have no serious platform or serious demands . " The protesters were part of a long-running Aboriginal demonstration known as the "  tent embassy , " which was set up 40 years ago to protest the failure of the government at the time to recognize Aboriginal land rights . Some of the protesters also reportedly expressed anger last week about the violence and discrimination toward Aborigines that marked a large portion of Australian history . The Australian authorities have taken steps to try to address their grievances in recent decades through measures like legal recognition of land rights , the removal of sections considered racist from the Constitution and an apology for the mistreatment of past generations of Aborigines . Governments have also poured billions of dollars of public money into programs to try to improve life in indigenous communities . Despite those measures , many indigenous Australians still lag behind the overall population in key areas like health , wealth and education . They also appear to perceive a lack of trust in their relationship with their non-Aboriginal countrymen . Indigenous Australians , who make up less than 2.5 % of the overall population , are much more likely to suffer child abuse , physical violence and chronic disease than other Australians , according to government statistics . Research suggests they have a lower life expectancy than indigenous populations in North America and New Zealand . "  Past approaches to remedying Indigenous disadvantage have clearly failed , and new approaches are needed for the future , " said a government report made public last year . The report said that the 3.5 billion Australian dollars , or $ 3.75 billion , spent annually on programs for indigenous people had "  yielded dismally poor returns . " A survey of 1,220 Australians carried out in 2010 by Reconciliation Australia , which promotes the improving of relationships between Aborigines and the wider community , found that 85 % of indigenous people polled had "  fairly low " or "  very low " levels of trust toward other Australians . And 91 % of the indigenous respondents said they believed that other Australians had "  fairly low " or "  very low " levels of trust toward them . Similarly , high levels of non-Aboriginal Australians also saw the relationships as distrustful , according to the survey . Some observers , however , say that to speak of indigenous Australians simply as a disadvantaged people separate from the broader society is neither accurate nor helpful . "  Aboriginal people are not a homogeneous cultural group anymore " said Peter Sutton , an anthropologist and linguist at the University of Adelaide and the South Australian Museum . He noted that while some indigenous Australians live in remote communities that maintain aspects of traditional life , others make up a large and growing middle class in more urban areas . "  Many Aboriginal people drive good cars and have children at university . These are not people in the gutter , they 've made it , " said Sutton , whose book "  The Politics of Suffering " examined the failings of past efforts to tackle indigenous disadvantage . To illustrate the blurring of the boundaries , Sutton highlighted Australian census data that showed the proportion of indigenous people whose partners or spouses were recorded as non-indigenous has been increasing steadily , from 46 % in 1986 to 71.5 % in 2006 . Despite this nuanced situation , the striking images of the protests last week , which took place during the sensitive period around Australia 's national day , brought underlying tensions to the fore . The events "  opened up fissures in our society and taught us lessons that stretch far beyond the crucial issue of indigenous affairs , " The Australian , a national daily , said in an editorial at the weekend . On Twitter and in letters to newspapers , Australians argued over the causes and consequences of the fracas . Some people criticized Tony Abbott , the opposition leader whose comments about the tent embassy were cited by protesters as the provocation for their actions . Others , such as Frank Pulsford in a letter published by The Australian , expressed outrage over what he called the "  disgraceful behavior " of the protesters . The news that one of Gillard 's media advisers was involved in informing the protesters about Abbott 's comments and presence in the restaurant with the prime minister only served to intensify the polemic . The adviser , Tony Hodges , has since resigned . The rancorous debate reflected battle lines that had already been drawn . "  The indigenous affairs scene is this country has become much more riven , much more conflictual and much more polarized in recent years , " Sutton said . He said the disagreements are not simply between Aborigines and non-Aborigines , but between different sides within the indigenous community and among groups outside it . Several commentators noted that a considerable number of the people participating in the protests last week were not Aborigines . Much of the contention focuses on the diagnosis of the ills affecting parts of the Aboriginal community , and on how best to cure them . Certain policies , like the federal government 's decision in 2007 to intervene in Aboriginal communities in the Northern Territory to address child abuse , have proved particularly divisive . The intervention included seizures of Aboriginal land , restrictions on alcohol and the suspension of race discrimination legislation . Some prominent indigenous Australians , such as Barbara Shaw , have campaigned vigorously against the intervention , saying it misrepresents the real situation in Aboriginal communities and is a form of "  dictatorship " by the central government Others , such as Langton , have supported it , arguing that the social problems that many communities face necessitate the strong measures . "  There are very difficult problems to solve , " Langton said . "  A big part of the change must come from Aboriginal people themselves . They have to change their behavior to take advantage of the opportunities available to them , like sending children to school every day . " One of the most immediate concerns after the protests last week is their potential effect on tentative plans to hold a referendum on changing the Constitution to include better recognition of indigenous Australians , a move many people see as a positive step . Newspaper columnists and Aboriginal leaders expressed concern that the media furor over the protesters ' actions would jeopardize the prospect of a referendum on constitutional change , which would require broad bipartisan support to pass . The government has so far suggested that it has not been dissuaded . "  I believe that opportunity for us all to share in building a movement of change is still there , " Jenny Macklin , the minister for indigenous affairs , wrote in an editorial this week for The Age , a daily newspaper . "  It is part of the enduring work we are all undertaking , and that work is bigger than the headlines generated by one incident . "	Protests involving Aborigines last week prompt introspection and alarm in Australia Many commentators say protests do n't represent views of Aborigine community Aborigines lag behind the overall population in terms of health , wealth and education Some say indigenous Australians should n't be treated as disadvantaged group
ISIS has Americans worried . Two-thirds of those surveyed in a recent Pew Research poll said they consider the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria to be a "  major threat " to this country . But are such fears really justified ? Despite the impression you may have had from listening to U.S. officials in recent weeks , the answer is probably not really . For a start , U.S. officials have been inflating the numbers of Americans fighting for ISIS , which has muddied the issue for the public . U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , for example , told CNN 's Jim Sciutto earlier this month , "  We are aware of over 100 U.S. citizens who have U.S. passports who are fighting in the Middle East with ISIL forces . "  ISIS is sometimes referred to as ISIL and now calls itself the Islamic State  . But the Pentagon soon corrected Hagel 's comment , saying the 100 count is the total number of Americans fighting for any of the various groups fighting in Syria , some of which are more militant than others -- and some of which are even allied with the U.S. Indeed , Matthew Olsen , the director of the National Counterterrorism Center -- the government office tasked with assessing terrorist threats -- also confirmed that 100 is the total count of the various Americans fighting in Syria and not a count of those fighting for ISIS . Hagel 's comment is only the latest inflated claim regarding the number of Americans fighting with ISIS . Last week , the Washington Times cited anonymous official sources who said there are 300 Americans fighting with ISIS , despite the Pentagon estimating the figure to be more like a dozen . Who is the ISIS ? True , a dozen is still too many . But it is important to remember that just because these Americans are fighting with ISIS , it does n't necessarily translate into a significant threat to the American homeland . One need only look at the example of Somalia to see why . Bergen : When Americans leave for jihad The last sizeable group of Americans who went overseas to fight with an al Qaeda-aligned group are the 29 Americans known to have traveled to fight with the Somali terrorist group Al-Shabaab after the 2006 invasion of Somalia by the Ethiopian army . However , none of those 29 subsequently planned or conducted a terrorist attack inside the United States , according to a survey of more than 240 jihadist terrorism cases since September 11 conducted by the New America Foundation . What can the U.S. do against ISIS and could it work ? Indeed , for more than a third of the American militants who fought with Al-Shabaab , going to Somalia was a one-way ticket . In 2008 , a missile strike in Somalia killed Ruben Shumpert , a resident of Seattle . A year later , Burhan Hassan , a 17-year-old from Minneapolis , was killed in the Somali capital , Mogadishu . Abdirizak Bihi , Hassan 's uncle , reportedly said at the time , "  We believe he was killed because he would have been a key person in the investigation into the recruitment  of young Somali men  here in Minneapolis . " Al-Shabaab militants also are said to have killed Alabama native Omar Hammami , who joined the group in 2006 and took a high-profile position in its media operations before his death last year . At least two Americans fighting for Al-Shabaab died while conducting suicide attacks in Somalia . Shirwa Ahmed , a 26-year-old from Minnesota , became the first known American to conduct a suicide bombing for an al Qaeda-associated group when he drove a car packed with bombs into a government compound on October 28 , 2008 . In 2011 , meanwhile , the FBI confirmed that Farah Mohamed Beledi , a 27-year-old Minnesota man who was born in Somalia and moved to the United States at age 12 , was killed while attempting to detonate a suicide bomb in Somalia . Bergen : An American 's gateway to jihad In addition to the American militants who died in Somalia , six were arrested , four when they returned to the West and two in East Africa . Kamal Said Hassan , a 28-year-old Minneapolis man who traveled to Somalia and attended an Al-Shabaab training camp before returning to the United States , was arrested and in 2009 pleaded guilty to supporting Al-Shabaab . In another case , Mahamud Said Omar , an American resident who helped organize Al-Shabaab 's recruitment pipeline and visited a training camp , was arrested in the Netherlands in 2009 . Omar was extradited to the United States and in 2012 was convicted on terrorism charges . Of course , the fact that 13 of the 29 American militants who fought in Somalia remain at large is a reminder that the CIA and FBI also need to pay attention to the potential threat posed by American foreign fighters in Syria . But this is no reason for U.S. officials to overhype the threat posed by ISIS to the United States . Yes , Americans should always be mindful of the threats posed by extremists . But as the case of U.S. citizens in Somalia suggests , Syria could very well end up being a graveyard for Americans fighting there rather than a launch pad for attacks on the United States .	Two-thirds of Americans say ISIS "  major threat " to U.S. U.S. officials have inflated numbers of Americans fighting for ISIS , says Peter Bergen Claims that over 100 U.S. citizens fighting with ISIS are probably overestimate Somalia example suggests those fighting in Syria wo n't pose U.S. threat , Bergen says
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Fireworks , athletes and pageantry on a scale never before seen in the Olympics opened the Summer Games in Beijing on Friday as the Asian nation kicked off the biggest and most scrutinized Games in history . Fans celebrate the Opening Ceremony of the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , China , on Friday . Chinese President Hu Jintao declared the Olympics officially open , retired Chinese gymnastics champion Li Ning was carried through the air to light the Olympic cauldron , and pyrotechnics exploded throughout Beijing as the crowd of 91,000 at National Stadium cheered wildly . It was a stunning display from the nation of 1.3 billion people . Some media observers believe that the Opening Ceremony may be the most-watched television event in history . IOC President Jacques Rogge spoke of China 's long-held ambition to host the Olympics . "  Tonight , that dream comes true , " he said . Rogge mentioned the Sichuan earthquake , saying the world was moved "  by the great courage and solidarity of the Chinese people . " Emotion was high , as Friday 's Opening Ceremony not only officially started the Summer Games but was a symbolic expression of a nation seeking its place as a global superpower . Watch the excitement in Beijing as the ceremony begins " The ceremony began at 8 p.m. local time  8 a.m. ET  on the eighth day of the eighth month of 2008 -- in a country where eight is the luckiest number . The opening was an artistic mix of performance and light depicting China 's 5,000 years of history . Fireworks shot off across the Chinese capital as thousands of drummers , acrobats , martial artists and dancers performed under a light display at the National Stadium . Children representing each of the 56 ethnic groups in China marched out into the stadium , called the "  Bird 's Nest " because of its notable appearance . Dancers merged with objects that depicted China 's ancient Silk Road , its Great Wall and ancient imperial past . Acrobats swirled around a giant sphere , depicting China 's ambitions in space . Watch why the Olympics mean so much for the Chinese " Delegations from Afghanistan , Taiwan , North Korea and the United States were welcomed by huge cheers . But the loudest roars were saved for the Chinese participants . Waves of emotion greeted China 's delegation as it entered National Stadium , led by flag bearer and basketball superstar Yao Ming . U.S. President Bush was joined by Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and more than 100 heads of state , heads of government and sovereigns expected to attend , the International Olympic Committee said . The joy in Beijing was countered by grave news in Europe . As the Opening Ceremony was under way , Georgia 's president said that his country was under attack by Russian tanks and warplanes . While in Beijing , Bush and Putin met to discuss the conflict . Earlier Friday , the anticipation over the Beijing Olympics was unmistakable in China 's capital city . Thousands were on hand early at Beijing 's Tiananmen Square to witness the traditional flag-raising ceremony by soldiers of the Chinese People 's Liberation Army . Blog : Anticipation was at fever pitch This version of the Olympics brings with it controversy , discord that began in 2001 when the 2008 Games were awarded to Beijing . Criticism over China 's policies on human rights for its citizens , its policies in Tibet and the persistent pollution across the country have been the focus of much international scrutiny and media attention . Watch protests in Germany over China 's Tibet policies " For some world leaders , the decision to attend was a tough call . French President Nicolas Sarkozy threatened to boycott the Games because of human rights abuses in Tibet but later changed his mind . "  It 's inevitable that people from different countries may not see eye to eye , " Hu said recently , "  so we should try to expand our common ground on the basis of mutual respect . " Political leaders do not attend Olympic opening ceremonies as a matter of protocol -- Bush is the first American president to attend them outside the United States -- but China seemed determined to have as many there as possible . "  They want those leaders to confirm the fact that China has returned to great power , prominence in the world , " said David Zweig , a political analyst at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . "  They really want to say to the people of China that we , the Communist party of China , have done a great job . " Watch why China has invested so much in the Olympics " As for the Games , an estimated 10,000 athletes from 205 countries will compete in 28 events for about 300 gold medals . The first medals will be awarded Saturday , and China hoped to claim the first gold of the Games . See a timeline of moments to watch for " The Olympics will offer plenty of drama . China has put a priority on finishing first in the overall medal standings . Government officials have said they expect nothing less than a repeat gold medal from 110-meter hurdler Liu Xiang . Watch how pressure is building for the athletes " On Sunday , swimming competition begins , along with U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps ' quest to win eight gold medals , more than any individual in a single Games . Even if he fails , Phelps could become the all-time leader in gold medals . Also Sunday , an early showdown in basketball as the U.S. basketball team led by stars Kobe Bryant and LeBron James faces host China and Yao Ming . Watch an exclusive CNN interview with Yao " CNN 's Kevin Drew and Emily Chang contributed to this story .	Olympics Opening is under way , marking beginning of Summer Games 2008 summer Olympics is most expensive on record Anticipation building grows who will light Olympic cauldron More than 10,000 athletes to compete for about 300 gold medals
WIRED  -- Hackers who commandeer your computer are bad enough . Now scientists worry that someday , they 'll try to take over your brain . Scientists can use brain signals to control computers -- hands free . In the past year , researchers have developed technology that makes it possible to use thoughts to operate a computer , maneuver a wheelchair or even use Twitter -- all without lifting a finger . But as neural devices become more complicated , and go wireless , some scientists say the risks of "  brain hacking " should be taken seriously . "  Neural devices are innovating at an extremely rapid rate and hold tremendous promise for the future , " said computer security expert Tadayoshi Kohno of the University of Washington . "  But if we do n't start paying attention to security , we 're worried that we might find ourselves in five or 10 years saying we 've made a big mistake . " Hackers tap into personal computers all the time . But what would happen if they focused their nefarious energy on neural devices , such as the deep-brain stimulators used to treat Parkinson 's and depression , or electrode systems for controlling prosthetic limbs ? According to Kohno and his colleagues , who published their concerns July 1 in Neurosurgical Focus , most devices carry few security risks . But as neural engineering becomes more complex and more widespread , the potential for security breaches will mushroom . "  It 's very hard to design complex systems that do n't have bugs , " Kohno said . "  As these medical devices start to become more and more complicated , it gets easier and easier for people to overlook a bug that could become a very serious risk . It might border on science fiction today , but so did going to the moon 50 years ago . " Some might question why anyone would want to hack into someone else 's brain , but the researchers say there 's a precedent for using computers to cause neurological harm . In November 2007 and March 2008 , malicious programmers vandalized epilepsy support Web sites by putting up flashing animations , which caused seizures in some photo-sensitive patients . "  It happened on two separate occasions , " said computer science graduate student Tamara Denning , a co-author on the paper . "  It 's evidence that people will be malicious and try to compromise peoples ' health using computers , especially if neural devices become more widespread . " In some cases , patients might even want to hack into their own neural device . Unlike devices to control prosthetic limbs , which still use wires , many deep brain stimulators already rely on wireless signals . Hacking into these devices could enable patients to "  self-prescribe " elevated moods or pain relief by increasing the activity of the brain 's reward centers . Despite the risks , Kohno said , most new devices are n't created with security in mind . Neural engineers carefully consider the safety and reliability of new equipment , and neuroethicists focus on whether a new device fits ethical guidelines . But until now , few groups have considered how neural devices might be hijacked to perform unintended actions . This is the first time an academic paper has addressed the topic of "  neurosecurity , " a term the group coined to describe their field . "  The security and privacy issues somehow seem to slip by , " Kohno said . "  I would not be surprised if most people working in this space have never thought about security . " Kevin Otto , a bioengineer who studies brain-machine interfaces at Purdue Universty , said he was initially skeptical of the research . "  When I first picked up the paper , I do n't know if I agreed that it was an issue . But the paper gives a very compelling argument that this is important , and that this is the time to have neural engineers collaborate with security developers . " It 's never too early to start thinking about security issues , said neural engineer Justin Williams of the University of Wisconsin , who was not involved in the research . But he stressed that the kinds of devices available today are not susceptible to attack , and that fear of future risks should n't impede progress in the field . "  These kinds of security issues have to proceed in lockstep with the technology , " Williams said . History provides plenty of examples of why it 's important to think about security before it becomes a problem , Kohno said . Perhaps the best example is the Internet , which was originally conceived as a research project and did n't take security into account . "  Because the Internet was not originally designed with security in mind , " the researchers wrote , "  it is incredibly challenging -- if not impossible -- to retrofit the existing Internet infrastructure to meet all of today 's security goals . " Kohno and his colleagues hope to avoid such problems in the neural device world , by getting the community to discuss potential security problems before they become a reality . "  The first thing is to ask ourselves is , ` Could there be a security and privacy problem ? ' " Kohno said . "  Asking ` Is there a problem ? ' gets you 90 percent there , and that 's the most important thing . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Scientists can use thoughts to operate computers , wheelchairs and Twitter As tech develops , risk of "  brain hacking " become more real , scientists say Neurosurgical Focus article says risks are slim now But security "  should proceed in lockstep with the technology , " expert says
Shanghai , China  CNN  When China 's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week , the only models on display will be the ones with four wheels . Gone , show organizers hope , will be the scantily-clad "  car babes " that in previous years have posed provocatively on car hoods and sashayed through the aisles to draw crowds to the 9-day event . The focus , instead , will be the latest offerings from an array of global car manufacturers , which -- models or not -- are pulling out all the stops to compete for Chinese customers in what since 2009 has been the world 's largest car market . "  It 's a major industry event for us , " said Andrew Boyle , global product communications manager at Rolls Royce . It sells several hundred of its super-luxury vehicles in China each year , and in Shanghai this week will launch its latest model , the Phantom Limelight . Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year , almost a third more than in the United States . However , the show comes at a turning point for China 's auto market , which is facing a second year of slower growth in 2015 after a decade-long sales and production frenzy . Intense competition for China 's drivers means that car manufacturers are increasingly developing vehicles that cater to Chinese preferences . Nissan will use Auto Shanghai 2015 to unveil the Lannia mid-size sedan , which it says has been specially created for "  the rising young Chinese generation . " The country 's gearheads have embraced the SUV or sport utility vehicle , sales of which jumped a third last year , and many will feature in the displays planned by dozens of European , Japanese U.S. , South Korea and Chinese automakers . This year MG , once known for its sleek sports cars and now owned by Shanghai Automotive Industries Corp , enters the fray with its first SUV , the GS , while Ford will give two new luxury SUVs their China market debut -- the Lincoln MKX and Lincoln Navigator , the latter favored by hip hop stars . "  The SUV is popular as a first car , " said Raymond Tsang , a Shanghai-based partner at consultancy Bain & Company . "  If you only have one , you want one that you can commute in and take on a road trip . " Foreign brands have dominated sales in the past two years , but as they improve product quality and design , local rivals like Geely , which also owns Sweden 's Volvo , and Great Wall Motor are clawing back market share , especially when it comes to SUVs . Geely , which already exports to Russia , the Middle East and Africa , is also stepping up its efforts to crack more developed markets . It is preparing to export the Volvo S60 Inscription to the United States from a factory in the southwestern city of Chengdu . It would be the first car made in China to hit U.S showrooms and may pave the way for Chinese brands to shake up the U.S. market like Japanese and Korean car manufacturers did decades earlier . With car ownership still at much lower levels than the U.S. and Europe , China is likely to remain the industry 's most important market for decades . However , the breakneck growth may be a thing of the past . In 2014 , growth in sales halved to 7 % and according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers , the slowdown continued in the first three months of this year when sales rose just 3.9 % . It comes as the wider economy slows and a prolonged campaign against corruption has hit sales of luxury vehicles , especially brands like Audi that have been the ride of choice for Chinese officials . On top of that , the hassles of car ownership are deterring some potential buyers , as is an awareness of the environmental costs . Congested and chaotic roads , restrictions on the number of new vehicle license plates and a shortage of residential parking space may trigger a backlash against car ownership , according to a recent report from Bain & Company . "  The car was seen as a status symbol , " says Pierre-Henri Boutot , a partner at Bain and co-author of the report . "  But now in larger cities they see the hassle and some of these people are thinking of giving up their car . " Just maybe , China will need those car babes to boost sales after all .	Organizers want to ban scantily-clad models at car show The Shanghai Auto Show is a key event for global automakers Cars are no longer the status symbol they once were in China
CNN  -- When a gunman opened fire at a sprawling New Jersey mall , sheer panic erupted . Shoppers begged police officers to rescue them while others whispered into phones , terrified the gunman was nearby . 911 tapes released Wednesday tell of fast-spreading fear among shoppers as a gunman fired Monday night . Shortly after , he fatally shot himself . "  There 's somebody shooting ! " a voice screeches in the 911 tapes released by the Bergen County Police Department . The tapes were obtained by CNN affiliate , WABC . "  I 'm scared and I want to get out the mall , " another caller told dispatchers . "  The cops , I can see the cops from the door ... is there any way you could reach one of the them and they could come in and get me ? " Others , scared the gunman was closing in , whispered to dispatchers . "  I do n't hear any sirens here so please hurry . " More than 100 shoppers sought protection shortly after shots rang out . "  Somebody is shooting up Garden State Plaza right now , I am in the bathroom , " one caller says . The gunman , Richard Shoop , later shot himself in the head , authorities say . There were no other casualties . Shoop 's body was found early Tuesday in a back area of the mall hours after he fired at least six bullets without striking anyone in the massive shopping center . He acted alone , authorities say . "  We know that his intent was either suicide or to do something that would cause police to shoot him , which we call ` suicide by cop , ' " Bergen County Prosecutor John Molinelli told CNN 's New Day . "  He had more than enough opportunity to be able to shoot other people , including a group adjacent to him , but he did n't , " Molinelli said . "  Instead , he shot randomly at different locations . " Shots hit the ceiling , an escalator , an elevator and a storefront , the prosecutor said . The reasons for the shooting remain unclear . Shoop used narcotic drugs and sold drugs as well , Molinelli said . Shoop , dressed all in black and wearing a motorcycle helmet , walked through the mall with a rifle modified to look like an AK-47 . The rifle was taken from his brother , according to Molinelli . His hometown of Teaneck held a vigil for him Tuesday night .	911 tapes tell of fast-spreading fear among shoppers One caller begs dispatcher to tell cops to hurry up The gunman , Richard Shoop , later shot himself in the head
CNN  -- Voluble real estate mogul Donald Trump called alleged Wall Street scam artist Bernard Madoff a "  sleazebag " and "  a total crook " Thursday in an interview on CNN . Donald Trump said investors who lost money in a Ponzi scheme were victims of their own greed . Trump recently hosted a party at his Palm Beach , Florida , estate , Mar-a-Lago , that was attended by several people who say they were victims of an alleged $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme run by Madoff . Madoff , 70 , is a former chairman of Nasdaq . He was charged last week with fraud . Trump , chairman and president of the Trump Organization , a New York-based real estate development empire , spoke with Kiran Chetry on CNN 's "  American Morning . " CNN : How angry are people at this situation with Madoff ? Donald Trump : ... The people in Palm Beach , many of those people have been just ripped off by this sleazebag , and they 'll never see the kind of money that they 've seen . You have some people gave 100 percent of their net worth to him in trust , because they trusted him , they trusted his family , they trusted everybody , and now they literally are selling their houses in order to live . And some of them mortgaged their houses in order to give that money to this Madoff . And it 's really a terrible thing . I 'd see him around Mar-a-Lago , I 'd see him around Palm Beach -- and he 's a disgrace . Watch the possible ramifications of the Madoff case " CNN : ... How did he get away with this ? How did so many smart people entrust somebody -- and we keep hearing over and over again , 100 percent of their money going to this guy . Would you ever let 100 percent of your money go to something , even if you trusted the person ? Trump : I would not , and a lot of my friends would not , but obviously a lot of my friends did . The word is very simple . It 's a word called "  greed . " Greed . That 's all it is . People were greedy . They thought he was going to get them a little bit more return , or a lot more return . I mean , he was a Svengali for rich people . There are Svengalis for women ; this guy was a Svengali for rich people -- very rich people . But when you think of a person putting up 100 percent of their net worth and even mortgaging their house , even though they had a lot of cash -- mortgaging their house to get more cash to this guy -- and now they 're going to have to go out , literally , and maybe work in a drugstore . I do n't know what they 're going to do . CNN : Did you lose money from Madoff ? Trump : No , I did not . CNN : Some are blaming the -LSB- Securities and Exchange Commission -RSB- , saying for years they did not investigate any claims . Chairman Christopher Cox said there were some credible accusations against Madoff made nearly a decade ago that were never referred to the commission to act . So what 's your take on the oversight , how the SEC and government handled this ? Trump : I would not blame the SEC . This guy was a total crook . The people in his own organization supposedly did n't know about it . Now , that 's another thing ; I find that hard to believe . He 's got two sons , and they did n't know about it ? And they worked there for years ? I think the whole thing is a swindle . I think even that 's a swindle : The father said , "  Look , you guys turn me in and pretend you do n't know anything and I 'll save my two sons . " But it 's impossible for me to believe that his sons did n't know about this . CNN : So you also think it 's impossible that he acted alone . Trump : I do n't know how you could act alone . They had three floors of a major office building . How could one man be manipulating that much money without all of the people knowing -- without at least a large number of the people knowing about it ? So I would certainly think that his sons are guilty .	Real estate giant lashes out at suspect in $ 50 billion investment scheme People were victims of their own greed , Trump says Trump doubts that Bernard Madoff could have acted alone Trump says he did not lose any money to Madoff
CNN  -- A free speech dispute over a California law banning the sale of violent video games to children is set to be heard in the U.S. Supreme Court this week . Arguments in Schwarzenegger v. Entertainment Merchants are scheduled to take place Tuesday and Wednesday . A 2005 state law -- designed to strengthen the current industry-controlled rating system -- would have placed an outright ban on the sale or rental of games deemed excessively "  violent " to those under 18 . As defined by California , such interactive games are those in which the player is given the choice of "  killing , maiming , dismembering or sexually assaulting an image of a human being " in offensive ways . Retailers could be fined up to $ 1,000 for any violation . The law is in limbo pending the high court 's ruling . Video game makers have said the ban goes too far against their free speech rights , and the existing industry-imposed , nationwide voluntary ratings system is an adequate screen for parents to judge the appropriateness of computer games . The state says it has a legal obligation to protect children when the industry has failed to do so . The motion picture industry has its own self-monitoring ratings system , imposed decades ago after complaints that some films were too explicit for the general audience . A high court ruling allowing greater government control over the evaluation of expressive content could be applied to other media . The Supreme Court in recent years has thwarted repeated congressional attempts to protect children from pornography , saying such legislation went too far in limiting adult access to lawful but explicit sexual content on the internet . The court has also said in various contexts that minors enjoy a variety of free-expression rights . CNN Supreme Court Producer Bill Mears contributed to this report .	A 2005 California state law is in limbo pending the Supreme Court 's ruling The law would have banned the sale or rental of games considered excessively violent Such games let players kill , maim , dismember or sexually assault human images
CNN  -- Haiti 's earthquake is creating "  a generation of amputees , " something that will pose a challenge for Haitian society for years to come , experts say . The 7.0 earthquake resulted in thousands having their limbs crushed as Haiti 's ramshackle buildings fell on top of them . The number of amputees created by the disaster is hard to measure , but Handicap International estimates it is at least 2,000 and growing . Dr. Mitra Roses of the Pan American Health Organization said some hospitals were performing between 30 and 100 amputations a day after the earthquake . At one small hospital in the capital that is now functioning under a tent , doctors say they are performing more and more amputations on children . "  We 're having a generation of amputees , " said one medical worker . She had just discovered that a 2-year-old girl can not feel her left foot and may need an amputation . "  It 's heartbreaking . " Amputations in Haiti are especially difficult for patients because so many people get around on foot or by bicycle . Sidewalks and roads are poor and wheelchairs , crutches and canes are few . "  What I fear is that if I ca n't walk , I ca n't go to school and I ca n't go to church , " said a boy who lost his foot in the earthquake . Without his foot , he said , he ca n't pedal the bike he normally takes to church and to school . "  It 's not an environment which is conducive to mobility for people who are not able to walk for a variety of reasons , " Stephanie Stuart , director of Handicap International UK , told CNN . Amputees may have trouble getting to work , she said , and the problem is compounded if those people perform manual labor , which requires greater use of their limbs . "  Their circumstances are pretty dire , because an amputee in Haiti is highly disadvantaged in terms of being able to be mobile , have a job and look after family , " said Eric Doubt , executive director of Healing Hands for Haiti International , which provides treatment and rehabilitation to people with disabilities . Young amputees face different issues , said Stuart . Like the boy who lost his foot , they may not be able to go to school , putting them at risk of losing education . They also ca n't play with their friends or enjoy the activities they used to , and they may be too young to understand why , Stuart said . Even if those children make it to school , they may have trouble adapting to an able-bodied environment . "  A lot of children , if they could n't manage to go to the loo  toilet  in schools , would they feel they wanted to spend the day there ? " Stuart said . Parents of children with lost limbs may also find it hard to adapt , she said . "  However much they love them , are  parents  still going to be able to support them and help their education and well-being as much as they could with an able child ? " The Pan American Health Organization said disabilities can cause significant and long-term economic and mental health problems for earthquake survivors . With so many earthquake victims having had or facing the prospect of amputations , Haiti 's government should prioritize the issue of disability and support for disabled people , Stuart said . Before the earthquake , Haiti had only one facility that produced prosthetic limbs . It survived the earthquake but will not be able to meet current needs , Doubt said . "  They actually are able to start fabricating but ... they 're very small , and the need is much greater , " Doubt told CNN by phone from the organization 's offices in Georgetown , Ontario . Even before the earthquake , he said , "  we were only really touching the need at the time . " There were about 800,000 Haitians with handicaps and disabilities before the earthquake , Doubt said . "  Handicapped in Haiti have been largely unattended to or abandoned by their governments , and there are very few medical organizations who attend to them or provide a focus on them , so it was a very large job to begin with , " he said . "  There are going to be many more disabled  now  , and among them a large population of newly amputated patients , and that population is going to grow . " Stuart explained that many people with injuries requiring amputation may not have made it yet to hospitals . Others may simply have skin wounds , but if they ca n't get to a hospital and their wounds become infected , it could necessitate amputation . Anticipating the need , the group Physicians for Peace has begun to collect prosthetics , crutches , canes , walkers and wheelchairs . Amputees are typically fitted with new limbs after two to four months of healing . Used prosthetics will be particularly beneficial in Haiti , where manufacturing artificial limbs is likely to be difficult , said Heather Mills , a U.N. Association goodwill ambassador . "  What I 'm trying to do is appeal to people to ... contact Physicians for Peace and take back any limbs that they 're not using , " Mills told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  We can reuse the components . " Mills , who was once married to Beatle Paul McCartney , lost part of her left leg in a 1993 vehicle crash . She has since been active in charities to clear land mines and provide artificial limbs to tens of thousands of people . "  I 'm fully aware that they 're not going to need the limbs for weeks , but it takes weeks to coordinate , " Mills said . "  It takes weeks for people to donate . It takes weeks to get them packed and shipped . " Handicap International plans to produce between 300 and 400 emergency prostheses in the next six months to cover the need until patients can receive more permanent ones , the group said . Physicians for Peace plans to set up a prosthesis production facility in Haiti , according to the group 's Web site . "  We will work with our partners to identify whether we can use existing structures or somehow build temporary work space and bring in the specialized equipment needed to prepare and fit prosthetic devices : ovens , routers , vacuum pumps , drills , sanders and saws , as well as generators and lights , " the Website said . Refurbished prosthetic limbs and mobility devices collected by the group will also be shipped to Haiti . Handicap International is also expanding its staff to around 100 , and they will train local prosthetic technicians to meet the needs of amputees in the long term , Stuart said . "  Prosthetics need to be fitted -- they 're not off the shelf -- so you need technicians there , " Stuart said . Prosthetics "  need to be changed if the child is growing , if the person gains weight , loses weight . " CNN 's Ed Payne in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Experts say Haiti 's earthquake is creating "  a generation of amputees " Disabilities can cause long-term economic and mental health problems Amputations in Haiti are difficult because people get around on foot or by bicycle
Chick-fil-A is working with law enforcement to look into potential unusual activity involving card payments at a few of its locations , the fast-food chain said . The chain did not detail the extent of the possible breach , the number of restaurants or the locations . The company learned on December 19 that there was "  limited suspicious " payment card activity "  appearing to originate from payment cards used at a few of our restaurants , " it said in a news release Wednesday . "  We take our obligation to protect customer information seriously , and we are working with leading IT security firms , law enforcement and our payment industry contacts to determine all of the facts . " Chick-fil-A said it will let customers know more details later , and it added that if a breach is substantiated , customers will not be liable for fraudulent charges . The company also said it will pay for identity protection services to those affected , including credit monitoring . Anyone concerned about payment card transactions should call 1-855-398-6439 .	Chick-fil-A says the possible breach happened at a "  few restaurants " The chain did not specify which restaurants or their locations Chick-fil-A said it first learned of suspicious payment card activity on December 19
CNN  -- Katie Callaway Hall trembled for four hours when she heard Phillip Garrido was arrested . Katie Callaway Hall said she wanted to scream when she heard that Phillio Garrido kidnapped someone else . His name sent a flurry of emotion running through her mind . "  I screamed , " she told CNN 's Larry King on Monday night . "  I started screaming ` Oh my god , Oh my god , it 's him . ' " She has thought about him every day since November 22 , 1976 when he asked her for a ride at a supermarket in California , before handcuffing her , binding her and taking her to a mini-warehouse in Reno , Nevada , where he raped her . Watch victim describe her terror " Garrido was convicted for kidnapping and raping Hall , but was released after serving just over 10 years of a 50-year sentence . He was labeled a sex offender and put on lifetime parole . "  In many ways , the capture of Phillip Garrido has closed a chapter in my life , " Hall wrote for a Larry King blog . "  I do n't have to hide anymore . I do n't have to live every day of my life wondering if he is looking for me . I am finally free from the fear I have lived with since the day I learned he was paroled . " Read what Hall wrote on the blog Garrido and his wife , Nancy , were charged last week with crimes relating to the abduction of 11-year-old Jaycee Lee Dugard in 1991 and her captivity in a hidden shed-and-tent compound in the couple 's backyard in Antioch , California . "  With all the joy I should feel , I want to scream from the depths of my soul , " she said . "  Scream because my fears turned out to be justified -- he struck again . " While Hall has tried to suppress some of the memories of what happened to her that night , Garrido 's arrest took her mind back to that night in November . "  A man tapped on my window and asked for a ride , " she said . "  I agreed . " When she stopped the car to drop him off , Garrido took the keys out of the ignition , according to court documents from Garrido 's appeal in the case . Garrido , then 25 , "  told -LSB- Hall -RSB- it was n't intentional that he had taken her , but that it was her fault because she was attractive , " according to the documents . "  Soon after , I was cuffed , bound , gagged , and taken to a warehouse , " Hall told CNN . She was kept in the 6 by 12-foot storage facility , which Hall remembers was stacked with half-opened boxes with China-type dishes inside . Large , heavy carpets were hanging from the ceiling , spaced apart every few feet . "  It was like a maze , " she said . "  And in the back of the mini warehouse where he had me , he had it set up to keep someone for awhile . " "  Most of the details about what happened to me after I entered that warehouse have been repressed . " She told Larry King that she feared for her life . "  I thought I was dead , " she said . Hall was held in the small storage facility for five hours before she heard a noise . "  My recollections begin around 3 a.m. Someone banged on the door . I remember thinking , ` Oh my God , his friends are coming , ' " she said . "  Garrido said , ` Do I have to tie you up or are you going to be good . ' " She told him she would be good , but she knew if it was the police banging outside , she was going to "  have to try something . " "  I barreled my way out of the warehouse completely naked . I could see the officer and Garrido standing there . They both looked at me like I was crazy , " she said . "  I could n't see the officer 's car . I thought ` Oh God , he 's not a real cop . ' My state of mind was such that I could n't fully embrace what I was seeing . Finally , I saw his police car . " Garrido tried to tell the cop Hall was his girlfriend . "  I screamed , ` No I 'm not -- help me , help me , ' " she said . "  The officer told me to go back in and put my clothes on . When I went inside , Garrido must have convinced the officer we were both on drugs , because he let Garrido go back into the building alone , " Hall said . "  I had already put some of my clothes on . Garrido came back in and begged me not to turn him in . " Half-dressed , Hall said she maneuvered past him and asked the police to keep him away . "  They asked if I was brought there against my will , " she said . "  I told them I was , that he had handcuffed and bound me . An officer shined a light on my wrists , saw the sores from the handcuffs , and arrested Garrido . " Though Garrido was put behind bars for what he did , Hall said that night changed her life forever . "  For years , I walked around like a zombie , " she said . "  I had to tell everyone I met what had happened to me -- because I did n't feel like myself . It was as if I had to explain why I was n't ` normal . ' " For her , that 's the biggest pain Garrido put her though . "  I was a good person . I lived right , and treated others well , " she said . "  He changed my life in an instant . I do n't feel like I can ever be that person again . Being victimized is something that only a victim can understand . I hate that he did this to me , and I doubt I 'll ever get over it . " Though the trauma of her kidnapping has stayed with her all of these years , Hall said she could n't even begin to imagine the pain Garrido has caused Dugard and the two children she had with him . "  The only thing I can think of worse than what happened to me , is it happening to my child , " she said . "  I ca n't imagine what Jaycee is going through . He had me for 8 hours . He had her for 18 years . "  I was an adult , with instincts that helped me deal with the situation . She was a child . This is going to be with her for the rest of her life . I can only wish her the best . "	Phillip Garrido was convicted for kidnapping , raping Katie Callaway Hall in 1976 Hall : "  I want to scream from the depths of my soul " knowing he struck again Hall was kept in a storage facility for eight hours when a cop came to help Victim : "  I hate that he did this to me , and I doubt I 'll ever get over it "
When Omar left home in 2013 , his parents thought he was going to help out at a refugee camp for the victims of Syria 's brutal civil war . But the soft-spoken Danish student was n't on a humanitarian mission -- he had joined the ranks of a jihadist brigade fighting to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . But Omar -- whose name has been changed to conceal his identity -- soon realized that what he was seeing on the battlefield was different from what he thought he 'd signed up for . "  The place I was in , there was some chaos between different groups and there was violence between different groups , " Omar , who is in his early twenties , told CNN . "  I went there to fight Bashar al-Assad and not to fight other Islamic groups . " Omar did n't want to be a part of that . Fed up with the infighting , he decided to return home . In 2013 , a U.N.-sponsored panel declared Denmark the world 's happiest place to live , citing a number of factors including life expectancy , social support and the freedom to make life choices . But the wealthy Scandinavian country is also becoming known for something altogether more worrying -- one of Europe 's highest rates of jihadi fighters . At least 100 Danes are believed to have left the country to fight in Syria and Iraq . Of 25 countries CNN surveyed last month , only three had a higher proportion of Muslims leaving to fight . The country is facing a dilemma : what to do when these fighters come home ? Aarhus , Denmark 's second largest city , thinks it has the answer -- a controversial program for rehabilitating jihadis returning home from Syria that does n't necessarily involve jail time . Here 's how the program works : Any returning fighter is eligible for help getting a job , a house , an education , and psychological counseling -- just like any other Danish citizen . Those returning must be screened by police , and anyone found to have committed a crime will be put through the courts and possibly prison . The program does not try to change the fundamentalist beliefs of the returning fighters -- as long as they do n't advocate violence . WATCH : How Denmark 's de-radicalization program works Aarhus seems to have an especially acute problem with foreign fighters . More than 30 young people -- including Omar -- left the city last year to fight in Syria . Sixteen of them have since returned . Omar was pursuing an engineering degree at university before he went to Syria . He has been there twice since . Omar said he was n't nervous about coming back home . Unlike in some other countries , it is not a crime in Denmark to fight in Syria . "  It was n't illegal to fight in Syria unless you fought for a group that was a terrorist organization , " Omar explained . "  It was not a big deal for me to come back and get back to the daily life I had before I left . " Omar knows the people who run the de-radicalization program , but he has n't joined it because he does n't think he needs help reintegrating into society . But some of friends have joined the program and are satisfied with it . Police here say it 's a Danish solution that 's not particularly special -- it 's simply a crime prevention program with a focus on jihadis . "  We ca n't just put young people in custody because they plan to go to Syria , " explained Aarhus Police Commissioner Jorgen Ilum . "  It is not illegal according to Danish law to go to Syria , but we could try to persuade the young people not to go to Syria . " "  We could tell them about the risks that they might encounter going to Syria . We could tell them about the Danish legislation that makes it illegal to participate in direct terrorist acts and if they did do they might be punished when they come back . We could offer the parents and young people the mentoring help or help from psychologists in order to get some tools in how to deal with this problem . " Of the roughly 30 people that left Aarhus for Syria last year , 22 had some sort of association with the city 's Grimhojvej Mosque , according to Ilum . Sixteen have since returned back to Denmark . WATCH : Why are there so many jihadis from Denmark ? The mosque has come under severe criticism from right-wing Danish politicians who say Grimhojvej 's leaders are trying to radicalize their followers . Some have even called for the mosque to be closed down . Mosque officials told CNN they were surprised that so many of their members had left for Syria -- but said they had been working with police on the best way to approach young Muslims . "  The only and the most important thing that we want to see is that they do n't consider us as criminals , " said Oussama El-Saadi , the mosque 's chairman . "  They do n't consider us as terrorists , and they recognize us as minority living in Denmark and will continue living in Denmark and that we are a part of this society . " El-Saadi said young people from his mosque started traveling to Syria because they wanted to make a difference . And El-Saadi refused to condemn the brutality of the radical Islamist groups -- like ISIS and Jabhat al-Nusra -- that are running rampant in the war-torn country . "  We are here in Denmark , so far away from the area around there , " he told CNN . "  We are not condemning or supporting any group down there because we do n't have the information . " El-Saadi said that jihadis returning to Denmark were probably turned off by the infighting between the various Muslim groups battling for control of Syria , or that they simply wanted to return to a more normal life of school and work . The Danish program lies in stark contrast to the approach of the United Kingdom . Fighters returning to Britain often face surveillance , terror charges , and jail time . Officials say that roughly 500 people living in the UK have left to fight in Syria and Iraq . Britain is also looking at measures to ban fighters from returning home under the Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures  TPims  . There is fear that returning fighters might carry out terror activity at home . WATCH : Is de-radicalization possible in Britain ? Omar criticized Britain 's approach to returning jihadis . "  The UK government treat the people in a harsh way compared to Denmark , " he said . "  They start taking away people 's passports and start harassing them by raiding their homes , taking some of them to prison and these things . " "  I have spoken to a lot of Western people in Syria and nobody has ever talked about getting back to plan to bomb these countries , as they try to make it sound like in the media . " There are several de-radicalization programs in the UK -- mostly aimed at preventing people already in Britain from becoming radicalized -- but none specifically targeted towards citizens returning from Syria . In 2008 , the British government spent # 140 million on countering extremism . That has now dwindled to just # 1.7 million . A spokesman for Britain 's Home Office told CNN : "  We take the risk of those returning from Syria very seriously . Some of these people may have been exposed to traumatic experiences and others may be radicalised or vulnerable to radicalisation . " "  In the UK we work with our partners , including the police and health service , to determine how we can best support returnees from areas of conflict and help them successfully reintegrate into society . " So does the Danish method actually work ? Jorgen Ilum seems to think so . "  I should say that in 2014 I can see after we started this contact dialogue with the mosque and the youth center , only one -LSB- person -RSB- to our knowledge has left to Syria -- in comparison to 30 in 2013 before we had this contact , " Ilum said . Ilum said Danish fighters have to be motivated to be productive members of society . "  We see it as a very important crime prevention effort to try to reintegrate these people back into the society , " he said . "  Many of the people who come back , they are rather disillusioned about what they have seen in Syria . It 's not what they had expected or heard or seen over the internet . " "  What we have seen is out of the 16 that have returned ... 10 of them are now back in school and have a job -- it seems to us that their focus is on something else other than Syria . " Preben Bertelsen , a professor of psychology at the University of Aarhus , has been involved with the city 's program for the last two years , providing counseling to returning fighters . He is aware the program might not work for everyone . "  If -LSB- someone -RSB- does n't want our help , we ca n't really reach him , " he told CNN . "  All of these youngsters are screened for criminal acts out there . If they have done something like that , then the other part of society -- police enforcement -- will take over . " It 's too soon to know whether the program will be a success in the long term . But police say the alternative would be fighters that return and simply disappear . This program is designed to help while also keeping a close watch . "  Young people have a lot of feelings . So if you are going to be humble towards those returned fighters , they will be humble towards you . If you are going to be harsh towards them , they are going to be harsh towards you . This is how young people think , " Omar said . In the meantime , Omar says he will keep working to complete his education -- and that he plans to go back to Syria after graduation .	Denmark has unveiled a controversial de-radicalization program for jihadis returning from Syria The program offers some returning foreign fighters social support without the threat of jail time Denmark has one of the highest proportions of citizens leaving for Syria in Europe Danish program lies in stark contrast to UK 's more punitive approach to returning fighters
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actor Charlie Sheen checked into a rehab clinic "  as a preventive measure , " his publicist said Tuesday . Sheen will "  take some time off " from his acting job on the CBS series "  Two and a Half Men " while he undergoes rehabilitation , publicist Stan Rosenfield said . In a joint statement , executives from CBS and Warner Bros. . Television and "  Two and a Half Men " creator/producer Chuck Lorre said they "  support Charlie Sheen in his decision today to begin voluntary in-patient care at a treatment center . We wish him nothing but the best as he deals with this personal matter . Production on ` Two and a Half Men ' will be temporarily suspended . " Rosenfield 's short statement did not say what issue Sheen needed to address with rehabilitation or the kind of facility he is entering . The announcement comes a day after a lawyer for Sheen 's wife , Brooke Mueller , confirmed she had switched rehab facilities in her battle with substance abuse . There was no information given about who was caring for the couple 's twin boys . Sheen , 44 , and Mueller , 32 , were involved in an alleged domestic dispute in Aspen , Colorado , on Christmas Day that resulted in a felony assault charge against Sheen . Mueller 's lawyer said Monday that she pulled out of The Canyon , a Malibu , California , rehab center , over the weekend after a "  major breach of her privacy . " She immediately checked into "  a private , secure facility " to continue her substance-abuse rehabilitation so she can be "  the best mother " to her children , attorney Yale Galanter said . Galanter said he was planning a lawsuit against the rehab center after confidential details of Mueller 's treatment there were given to journalists over the weekend . "  I am going to make them pay like you ca n't believe for screwing over my client , " Galanter said . "  You can quote me on that . " A call to The Canyon by CNN was not immediately returned . Mueller voluntarily entered rehab in the wake of the Christmas Day incident with Sheen , Galanter said . Aspen police charged Sheen with felony second-degree assault , felony menacing and a misdemeanor charge of criminal mischief . He was booked under his birth name , Carlos Irwin Estevez . Sheen and Mueller married in 2008 . Their twin sons -- Max and Bob -- will have their first birthday in March . Separately , a Los Angeles county social worker visited Sheen 's home Sunday to check on his children , Sheen 's publicist said . "  The visit from -LSB- the department of children and family services -RSB- was routine and procedural , " Rosenfield said . Los Angeles County was asked by Pitkin County , Colorado , child protection officials to check on the family as part of a follow-up to Sheen 's arrest in Aspen , Rosenfield said . Agency officials declined to confirm or comment on the visit because of privacy laws . CBS did not immediately respond to CNN calls for comment . Sheen 's history of trouble began in 1990 when he was dating actress Kelly Preston . Reports surfaced then that Preston had been shot in the arm . In 2001 Sheen told Playboy magazine that it was a "  complete accident . I was n't even in the room . She picked up a pair of my pants . ... A little revolver fell out of my back pocket , hit the bathroom floor and went off . It shot a hole through the toilet and she got hit in the leg with shrapnel . " The couple split soon after the incident and Preston married actor John Travolta in 1991 . In 1994 Sheen was the only celebrity client whose name was publicly released during the trial of "  Hollywood Madam " Heidi Fleiss . In 1996 , adult film actress Brittany Ashland accused Sheen of throwing her on the floor and splitting her lip . Sheen pleaded no contest to battery charges and was fined $ 2,800 . He entered rehab in 1998 after an alleged drug overdose . During the course of his divorce from model-turned-actress Denise Richards in 2006 , Richards filed a restraining order against Sheen , saying he tried to kill her . Sheen released a statement at the time saying : "  Obviously , what has taken place is vile , is unconscionable , is without merit , is a transparent and immature smear campaign . She 's claiming certain things . It 's baseless . " CNN 's Alan Duke , Brittany Kaplan , Marc Balinsky and journalist Jo Piazza contributed to this report .	Publicist does not say what Sheen is being treated for or the kind of facility he is entering Sheen will take time off from CBS series "  Two and a Half Men " while in rehab , he says Announcement comes day after Sheen 's wife switches rehab facilities
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sanctions will be placed on 13 people and three companies "  for their involvement in the A.Q. Khan nuclear proliferation network , " the U.S. State Department said Monday . A.Q. Khan was the brains behind Pakistan 's nuclear bomb . Khan , a Pakistani scientist , operated an international black market in nuclear material to a number of states with a history of poor relations with the United States . He was arrested in February 2004 and eventually pardoned by former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf . The sanctions , which follow a U.S. review of the network , "  will help prevent future proliferation-related activities by these private entities , provide a warning to other would-be proliferators , and demonstrate our ongoing commitment to using all available tools to address proliferation-related activities . " The department notes that Khan spearheaded an "  extensive international network for the proliferation of nuclear equipment and know-how that provided one-stop shopping for countries seeking to develop nuclear weapons . " Iran and Libya received centrifuge components , centrifuges , and designs from Khan and his associates , and the United States believes the network "  provided centrifuge designs , equipment , and technology to North Korea . " The department said Khan "  provided Libya with nuclear weapon designs . " The department added that Pakistan , South Africa , Turkey , the United Kingdom , Germany , the United Arab Emirates , Switzerland and Malaysia are among the governments that have worked with the U.S. "  to investigate and shut down the network . " "  Many of Dr. Khan 's associates are either in custody , being prosecuted , or have been convicted of crimes , " it said . "  While we believe the A.Q. Khan network is no longer operating , countries should remain vigilant to ensure that Khan network associates , or others seeking to pursue similar proliferation activities , will not become a future source for sensitive nuclear information or equipment . "	U.S. : Khan headed international network for proliferation of nuclear equipment Provided "  one-stop shopping " for countries seeking to develop nuclear weapons Khan previously admitted selling nuclear secret to Iran , N. Korea and Libya
Islamabad  CNN  -- A Pakistani woman is being held on suspicion of killing her husband , cutting him up and trying to cook the pieces , Karachi police said Friday . Zainab Bibi , 32 , was arrested in connection with the murder Tuesday of her husband Ahmad Abbas , police said . Her 22-year-old nephew , Zaheer Ahmed , is accused of helping Bibi stab Abbas to death and carve his body into small pieces . Police said she wanted to cook her husband 's body parts so she could dispose of them without being caught . Neighbors raised the alert when they detected a foul odor in the neighborhood , police said . Pakistan 's domestic satellite channel ARY News spoke to Bibi in the police station where she is being held in the southern city of Karachi . In an interview broadcast late Thursday , she claimed to have killed her husband because he wanted a physical relationship with their daughter -- and said she did not regret her actions . "  I killed my husband before he dared to touch my daughter , " she told ARY News . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Police say Zainab Bibi tried to cook her husband to dispose of the body parts She has been arrested in connection with her husband 's murder Her nephew is accused of helping her to stab him to death and cut up his body
New York  CNN  -- A New York man armed with a rifle , boxes of ammunition and a machete was arrested Friday after allegedly threatening to kill former President George W. Bush , according to a federal court complaint . Benjamin Smith , a resident of upstate New York , threatened to "  kill , kidnap and inflict bodily harm " on Bush , the complaint said . Smith also professed a love interest in Barbara , one of the former president 's twin daughters , according to the complaint filed Friday in U.S. District Court in Manhattan . "  Bush will get his , " Smith allegedly screamed as he was being arrested , said the complaint . The U.S. Secret Service was alerted to the threat after Smith 's mother found a note in the home they share in which he allegedly wrote that he 's "  going to work for George W. Bush and the Pentagon , " the complaint said . Smith also allegedly wrote : "  I have to slay a dragon and then Barbara Bush is mine ... America is finished . Obama , Etc. " Smith 's defense lawyer , Peggy Cross-Goldenberg , did not immediately return a call seeking comment . It was not clear whether Smith remained in custody Saturday evening . Smith 's mother reported that a rifle was missing from the house and that she did not know where her son was . Using cell phone tracking , the Secret Service located Smith , who they say had driven to Manhattan . On Friday , agents found Smith sitting in his car in Manhattan , with a loaded .38 - caliber rifle , two boxes of ammunition , a container of gasoline and a machete , according to authorities . During questioning , Smith told Secret Service agents , "  I 'm divorced and not currently seeing anyone , but I am working on a relationship with Barbara Bush , " the complaint said . Threats against presidents of the United States are a federal crime . In 2012 : Man arrested for alleged threats to former President Bush , Mitt Romney	Benjamin Smith is arrested Complaint says Smith professed a love interest in one of Bush 's daughters Smith screamed "  Bush will get his " during his arrest , authorities say
CNN  -- For the second time in six months , Henrique Capriles Radonski will be in an electoral fight for the presidency of Venezuela . His opponent is different this time , but the stakes may be even higher : What course will the South American country chart after the death of Hugo Chavez ? In October , Capriles proved to be the strongest challenger the opposition ever fielded against Chavez , yet he still he lost to the charismatic leader by double-digits . But Chavez 's battle with cancer kept him from being sworn in , and he died March 5 . On Sunday , Capriles will be in a contest against Nicolas Maduro , the interim president and the man Chavez picked as his successor . Q&A : Venezuela 's presidential election At age 40 , he has been a mayor , a parliament leader , and a governor of a major state who has been given a second chance to win the presidency . "  I am seeking to win the confidence of all Venezuelans , " Capriles said recently . "  I want a united country . I want Venezuelans to join together  and  work together with a single goal . " The most important issue , he says , is to tackle poverty . Generous social programs are a foundation of the government that Chavez headed , and Capriles has that he will not do away with them . But he has promised to end the large subsidies that Venezuela provides to Chavez allies . An attorney , Capriles was elected to parliament in 1998 , when Venezuela had a bicameral legislature . He was just 25 years old at the time , but he quickly advanced to become the president of the Chamber of Deputies and then president of the entire Parliament . But the bicameral legislature was dissolved in 1999 . The following year , Capriles was elected mayor of Baruta , which is located in the state of Miranda and is a suburb in the Caracas metropolitan area . He became mayor with more than 60 % of the vote . In 2002 , he become involved in violent anti-government demonstrations outside the Cuban Embassy and spent four months in jail . He was eventually released and cleared of any wrongdoing . He then was re-elected mayor with almost 80 % approval in 2004 . In 2008 , he ran for governor of Miranda state and won . Capriles ' grandparents were Polish Holocaust survivors , but he is a practicing Catholic , according to the Los Angeles-based Simon Wiesenthal Center .	Henrique Capriles Radonski is running for president for the second time in six months Hugo Chavez defeated him in October After Chavez 's death , Capriles was tapped once again to represent the opposition
In January , Facebook unveiled Graph Search , a more robust search tool that 's being slowly rolled out to users . It uses the mountains of data the site collects to expand what a query on the site can find . Planning a trip and want a list of college friends who have moved to London ? No problem . Co-workers who also like "  Game of Thrones ? " Check . How about Facebook photos from National Parks ? You got it . And , to take it to a somewhat different place , how about single friends of friends who live in the same city you do ? Also doable . Facebook is taking its time . Only a few hundred thousand of the site 's hundreds of millions of users have gotten access so far , and the company is tweaking the test version of the feature as it goes . Tom Stocky , product manager for search at Facebook , visited CNN headquarters recently and shared thoughts on the social-media giant 's biggest product launch in some time . The following interview has been edited for style and brevity : CNN : How 's the rollout process been so far , and what early customer feedback have you received ? Stocky : We 're still rolling out very slowly . It 's still in beta . Even though hundreds of thousand of people have it now , and that sounds like a big number , Facebook overall features over a billion users so still a small percentage of the user base . However , it 's enough where we 're starting to get feedback , and the reception so far has been pretty positive . People seem to find it most useful around people and photos queries . Places are the thing they are starting to like as well . And the things we continue hearing in terms of where we need to improve is , we have to do a much better job understanding everything that people type into the search box . Users phrase queries in many different ways and than we initially anticipated and we have to invest in that . For example , the number of different of ways refer to friends . We had to build the product to recognize "  buddies , " "  pals , " "  besties " and all of the other variations of the word "  friend . " How is a Facebook Graph Search different from a Google Web search ? It 's different in a lot of ways . One obvious way is users are only searching on related results in Facebook with Graph Search as opposed to a Web search where you 're searching across all indexed documents on the Web . I think people come to a Web search engine with a different set of expectations -- what they want and expect to do , versus their experience on Facebook , which tends to be socially oriented . Also , with a Web search engine , users are accustomed to typing in a set of keywords and receiving documents from the Web that most closely match -- but with Graph Search , users type in a very specific query using simple phrases to yield relevant results . For example , if users type "  show me my friends who like ` Star Wars , ' " or "  show me my college friends who live in New York , " Graph Search is n't searching based on those keywords but rather displaying the answers to those specific queries . Review : Facebook 's Graph Search is promising but incomplete What are the most common search trends so far , and how do you expect that to evolve over time ? People and photos , by far . Users tend to search and explore their friends , primarily . My friends who like a certain thing or participate in a specific activity . Show me my friends who like "  Star Wars " and "  The Godfather " because I want to have a trilogy party or show me my friends who like running and live in San Francisco . Also seeing more and more people use Graph Search for dating purposes because friends of friends tend to be a good source of potential dates . People queries have mostly been around exploring their friends and a little bit on the periphery of their friends ' circles . And there 's photos . This is the first time users can look over all of the Facebook photos your friends have shared . Show me the photos of my friends taken before 1995 or show me the photos of my friends in France . A third behavior around using Graph Search for places is also increasing . Users can explore new travel sites , restaurants , etc. , through likes and activities of their friends and/or locals . Facebook highlights privacy protection for minors on Graph Search How could Facebook Graph Search be used for job recruiting or career placement opportunities ? As we 've discussed , much of the power of Graph Search tool is through the ability to access information of friends of friends because that tends to be very rich data . With career networking , often times the essential edge is via friends of current employees of the desired career opportunity . Graph Search gets you there . Recruiters can also cross-reference applicants with connected friends already working at the company ideal for reference checks or to assist with follow up contact . Graph Search users are also able to query by job title and additional background for a smarter recruiting strategy . Up until now , most people have n't thought of ways to use Facebook professionally , but now there 's plenty of reason to do that if recruiters begin to better leverage Graph Search . This should motivate more users to fill out their profile information  employment history , current city , schools  so they can be more easily discovered this way . Internet security is often a sensitive and important issue with new products and services offered on the public Internet . What privacy measures have been accounted for within Facebook Graph Search ? We understand people care deeply about how they appear in search . This is an area we 've spent quite a bit of time and effort on to ensure that we have an experience that matches people 's expectations . The worst thing that can happen around privacy is when people are surprised . This is something we 've tried very had to bring to people 's attention -- to understand what is searchable about them on Facebook and how they can control it . We offer the Activity Log tool available through the Facebook Timeline feature for easy view and management of what and how users are sharing content and on terms they feel comfortable .	Facebook Graph Search making site 's search more robust Manager says friends and photos are most common searches so far Activity Log can be used to control what 's searchable about a user Graph Search is rolling out slowly to the site 's users
CNN  -- The two men vying to lead Indonesia is a study in contrasts : a self-made furniture salesman who has sprang into contention for the country 's top political job , and a former general with a long military history who projects a strongman image . In the fourth election for the young Indonesian democracy , Joko Widodo and Prabowo Subianto are in contention to lead a country with a slowed economy and rising voter concerns about corruption in government . One of them will become the head of the most populous Muslim nation for the next five years when voters make their choice on July 9 . Joko "  Jokowi " Widodo Commonly known by his nickname "  Jokowi , " Widodo , 53 , has been compared to the 2008 vintage of Barack Obama in part for his charisma and focus on change , and also because he represents a break from the political establishment . Styling himself as a man of the people , Widodo eschews business suits for checkered shirts with his sleeves rolled up . As a self-made businessman turned Jakarta governor , Widodo would be the first president without a connection to the military or the country 's traditional elite . "  In order to resolve problems in Indonesia related to rule of law and fighting corruption , it can only be done by a new figure , not by someone who 's been taken hostage by the past , " Widodo told CNN . Much like Obama 's sprightly first campaign , Widodo relies heavily on his personal history and his image as an outsider . That appeal helped Widodo charge ahead in opinion polls earlier this year , when he appeared to be a virtual lock for the presidency . But much of his lead has eroded following smear campaigns suggesting that he is of Chinese descent or even a Christian -- a deal breaker for many in this Muslim-majority nation . The attacks have sidetracked his campaign and prompted Widodo to release evidence of his upbringing and photos of his haj pilgrimages to Mecca . The smear campaigns have "  forced Jokowi on the defensive on issues of his personal identity , " instead of being able to put up a progressive vision for the country , said Douglas Ramage , an analyst with Bower Group Asia , based in Jakarta . Born in the central Java city of Surakarta , Widodo grew up in a slum on the banks of the Anyar River . His family lived in illegally-built shacks , in which they were evicted by the government . This background has helped his appeal among the country 's poor . "  Jokowi is very popular among farmers and the common people , " said Hamdi Muluk , a professor at Indonesia University who specializes in political psychology . "  His image is that he is part of the people . " Widodo worked in his family 's furniture business before starting his own export company , which he made a huge success . In 2005 , he was elected mayor of Surakarta and became known for his spontaneous visits to slums , which drew media attention , and unannounced drop-ins at government offices to catch under-performing workers . He rose to become Jakarta governor in 2012 , where he piloted new healthcare and education programs . But critics say Widodo is too inexperienced and has n't finished his work in Jakarta after only 18 months in the governor 's office . Several major projects , including a new railway , remain behind schedule . Widodo 's policy platform tends to be grounded by his own experience as a businessman . He speaks on the campaign trail about the difficulty of licensing and regulations , and the need to simplify the bureaucracy to help businesses succeed . Widodo says to help Indonesia 's economy , the government has to tackle corruption . "  We will issue a decree related to strengthening a bureaucracy that is clean and always there to serve , " he said . "  This way , we can attract more investment to Indonesia and consequently create more jobs . " Prabowo Subianto Prabowo Subianto has framed himself as the strong , decisive leader , calling for more nationalistic policies . In a nod to both his military background and his Muslim faith , Prabowo styles himself in a khaki military-style shirt and fez , much like his former father-in-law , Suharto , the country 's second president . A hulking presence , Prabowo even arrived to campaign events mounted on a Lusitano horse -- a famed breed used in dressage . "  He 's the most experienced presidential candidate in Southeast Asia , " said Ramage . "  He 's been doing this for at least a decade . " Prabowo ran for president in 2004 and for vice-president in 2009 . He has never held public office . As leader of the Great Indonesia Movement  Gerindra  party , he has touted his military service and projected the image of a decisive man capable of taking charge . Most voters "  have aspirations for a strong leader who will turn Indonesia to have a stronger position in Asia , " said Wijayanto Samirin , managing director of Paramadina Public Policy Institute , a Jakarta think tank . Very much part of the country 's traditional establishment , Prabowo , 62 , is the son of the nation 's leading economist . He also became part of one of the most influential families when he married Suharto 's daughter , Siti Hediyati Hari in 1983 . They have since divorced , but his ex-wife backs his candidacy , even appearing publicly in his campaign events . Suharto , who passed away in 2008 , led a dictatorship in Indonesia for 32 years , which was marred by allegations of corruption , repression and the politically-motivated killings of an estimated 500,000 to a million opponents and dissidents . His downfall in 1998 ushered in an era of democracy in Indonesia . Prabowo 's military service during the time of Suharto 's reign has cast doubts over his human rights record , having served in controversial campaigns in West Papua and East Timor , which have both had independence movements , with East Timor achieving nationhood in 2002 . Prabowo , however , has played up his military record -- he became a lieutenant general in the army -- which has proven to be both a blessing and a curse for his campaign . He is accused of several human rights violations , including the kidnapping of activists during the 1998 mass protests that led to Suharto 's downfall . Prabowo has denied allegations , while human rights activists say he has not been held to account for his alleged actions . Prabowo was removed from his military post in 1998 . Prabowo 's former military boss , Wiranto who supports Jokowi in the presidential race , said in a televised press conference that Prabowo had been discharged for ordering the abduction of pro-democracy activists . In 2000 , Prabowo was denied a visa to the United States , believed to stem from his human rights record . A U.S. State Department spokesman said it 's not taking a position on Indonesia 's presidential candidates but added that "  we do , however , take seriously allegations of human rights abuses , and urge the Indonesian government to fully investigate the claims . " The spokesman declined to comment about whether Prabowo 's visa denial would be reversed if he were to be elected . When asked about the U.S. visa issue by Al Jazeera , he replied , "  Nelson Mandela was blacklisted from the United States at one time . Am I not in good company ? " Prabowo 's representatives did not get back to CNN regarding an interview request by the time of publication . Regarding the allegations , Prabowo has maintained that he was following orders . "  I am the staunchest human rights defender in this country , " he said during a televised debate in early June . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report from Jakarta .	Indonesia 's voters to choose between military man or self-made furniture salesman Joko Widodo has drawn comparisons to Obama for his image as an outsider seeking to reform Prabowo Subianto touts his military record , which has been a strength and weakness
CNN  -- Florida can not use a hard cutoff on a convict 's IQ as the sole basis for determining eligibility for execution , a divided U.S. Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday . The 5-4 decision favored a Florida death-row inmate who supporters say is intellectually disabled . The court struck down the state 's requirement that a baseline "  threshold " IQ score of 70 must be established before a capital prisoner can present additional evidence supporting claims of a disability . At issue was how states may define mental retardation -- within the context of inexact IQ tests -- when determining whether convicted murderers deserve capital punishment . The high court in 2002 banned execution for those who were determined to be suffering from what was then labeled mental retardation . But the court left it to the states to establish standards of measurement . In the case decided on Tuesday , the majority led by Justice Anthony Kennedy concluded that Florida 's limits were too rigid and thus unconstitutional . "  Florida 's law contravenes our nation 's commitment to dignity and its duty to teach human decency as the mark of a civilized world , " Kennedy said . About a dozen death penalty states have some kind of bright-line IQ cutoff , either at scores of 70 or 75 . But Florida is only one of a few states with what Kennedy called a "  rigid formula . " Freddie Lee Hall was convicted and sentenced to death in 1978 along with an accomplice for the brutal murder of Karol Hurst . The 21-year-old Leesburg resident was seven months pregnant . She was abducted from a grocery store , raped , shot to death , and her body dragged into the woods . Later that evening , Hall and his accomplice were involved in a separate shooting death of a sheriff 's deputy . Ten years later , Hall 's attorney 's appealed , saying his client had a lengthy record of mental retardation diagnoses . An average of various tests put his IQ slightly above 70 , but within what is called a SEM -- standard error of measurement . The state supreme court said Florida 's law meant any capital inmate above that benchmark can not take the next step and present further mitigating evidence to demonstrate his mental capacity lacks culpability for his crimes . Lawyers for Hall told the court that four other states in particular -- Alabama , Idaho , Kentucky , and Virginia -- have ignored the court 's precedent , trying to impose inflexible standards that go against the accepted views of professional psychologists . Kennedy , as the familiar "  swing vote " determining the outcome , said professional clinicians have a built-in margin for error the state was ignoring . "  The flaws in Florida 's law are the result of the inherent error in IQ tests themselves . An IQ score is an approximation , not a final and infallible assessment of intellectual functioning , " he said . "  Freddie Lee Hall may or may not be intellectually disabled , but the law requires that he have the opportunity to present evidence of his intellectual disability , including deficits in adaptive functioning over his lifetime , " Kennedy added . Justice Antonin Scalia was among four more conservative colleagues to dissent , with Justice Samuel Alito saying the majority 's conclusions were "  unwise . " "  There is therefore no excuse for mechanically imposing standards that are unhinged from legal logic and that override valid state laws establishing burdens of proof , " said Alito . "  The appropriate confidence level is ultimately a judgment best left to legislatures , and their judgment has been that a defendant must establish that it is more likely than not that he is intellectually disabled . I would defer to that determination . " He was also supported by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Clarence Thomas . Justices side with Secret Service over anti-Bush protest Supreme Court : Police justified in deadly 2004 car chase	A divided Supreme Court favored death-row inmate who supporters say is intellectually disabled The court struck down Florida 's requirement for a baseline IQ as part of a disability claim Freddie Lee Hall was convicted and sentenced to death in 1978 for the murder of a pregnant woman
CNN  -- Update : GoDaddy says hackers are not to blame for the service outage . GoDaddy , the massive Web hosting company , went down for several hours on Monday , taking an untold number of websites with it . A person affiliated with the hacking collective Anonymous -- named @AnonymousOwn3r on Twitter -- claimed responsibility for the outage . "  I 'm taking godaddy down bacause  sic  well i 'd like to test how the cyber security is safe and for more reasons that i can not talk now , " that person wrote in response to questions from a technology reporter at tech blog Mashable . The attack appeared to take down websites that use GoDaddy servers to host their information and also those that have registered their names with the company . By Monday night , however , the company , which says it is the "  largest hosting provider of secure websites in the world , " said most of its sites were working again . "  Most customer hosted sites back online , " GoDaddy said on Twitter . "  We 're working out the last few kinks for our site & control centers . No customer data compromised . " The outage caused widespread Internet problems on Monday . "  The more problematic part is that any domain registered with GoDaddy that uses its nameservers and DNS records are also down , " Mashable wrote . "  That means that even if you host your site elsewhere , using GoDaddy for DNS means it is inaccessible . " The company , which says it hosts 53 million domain names , has not commented on the cause of the problem . "  It is not just your site , " one apparent GoDaddy client wrote in response to the company 's tweets . "  It is EVERYTHING anyone has hosted with you ... . from e-mail to websites ... " GoDaddy also apologized to its customers . "  So many messages , ca n't get to you all ... Sorry to hear all your frustration , " the company said on Twitter . "  We 're working feverishly to resolve as soon as possible . " App publisher takes blame for massive Apple ID hack	NEW : GoDaddy says most customer hosted sites are online GoDaddy sites went down on Monday Anonymous member claims responsibility for attack The company hosts 53 million domain names
CNN  -- The uncle of a Utah motorcyclist pulled from underneath a burning car by a group of bystanders told his nephew 's rescuers Tuesday they are "  heroes to our family . " Tyler Riggs spoke to CNN 's Piers Morgan one day after a group of construction workers , students and other bystanders turned into a ragtag team of first responders to save the life of 21-year-old Brandon Wright . The accident happened on a street near Utah State University in Logan and was captured on video . "  I thank you on behalf of my family and I know that my nephew Brandon will hope to thank you at some point , too . I know that you might be shy and want to dislodge the title , but you are heroes to our family , " Riggs said , adding that his nephew is in good spirits . "  He was talking to us earlier and going through physical therapy and felt good after that . Things could have been much worse , " said Riggs . Sgt. Jason Olsen of the Logan police was the first officer on the scene . He was about to motion to a fellow responding officer to grab a jack when , "  I realized that these citizens had already organized and were just going to manually lift  the car  up . " The crash occurred when a BMW pulled out of a parking lot and in front of the motorcyclist . Jeff Curtis , assistant chief of Logan police , said the motorcyclist tried to avoid the car , which resulted in him laying the motorcycle down . After crashing , gas spilled out of the motorcycle and ignited , engulfing both the motorcycle and the front end of the car in flames , Curtis said . The motorcyclist became lodged underneath the burning vehicle . The video , shot by Chris Garff , shows several startled bystanders looking under the BMW as flames leap into the air . The crowd quickly grows to include a man in a suit , construction workers wearing hard hats , a woman in sandals and a young man carrying a backpack , the video shows . After one person in the group tries to pick up the blazing car , the crowd joins in and lifts the 4,000-pound vehicle . "  I do remember one gentleman saying , ` We need everybody to come and help lift , ' and that 's when everybody ran over , " Olsen recalled . One of the bystanders drags the fallen motorcyclist 's limp body from under the vehicle , the video shows . Wright was rushed to a hospital and was in stable condition after surgery Monday evening , Curtis said . The driver of the car was not seriously injured . The man Curtis believes to be the driver appears in the video dressed in a dark suit . He stood a little off to the side from the group and did not help lift the car , the video shows . After Wright is pulled from underneath the vehicle , the man in the suit walks over to look at the motorcyclist . "  He was in a shock , " Curtis said about the driver , adding that any possible charges related to the traffic accident are pending . "  It was frightening , " said Garff , who shot the scene from the Ninth floor of a nearby building . "  You do n't really see something like that and then when you do , it 's inspiring . It gives us hope , " he told HLN 's "  Prime News . " Police are looking for the Good Samaritans to recognize them at a city council meeting for their actions . Most have already been identified , Curtis said . It was a "  life-saving move that the Logan Police Department does not want to go unnoticed , " he said . "  Each of those people put their lives in danger as they do what they can to rescue Brandon , " Curtis told "  Prime News . " The area where Wright crashed is highly trafficked , Olsen said . "  I think had this accident happened in a suburban area we would n't have gotten that kind of response -- we would have never had that kind of manpower , " he said . Olsen added : "  It speaks volumes to what people will do in a tragic situation to help another person out . " CNN 's Anna Rhett Miller and Brooke Baldwin contributed to this report .	Tyler Riggs says his nephew is in good spirits Bystanders rescue a motorcycle driver trapped under a burning car The group is credited with saving the motorcyclist 's life "  It speaks volumes to what people will do in a tragic situation "
CNN  -- Belarus ' president has ordered the halt of Russian natural gas deliveries to Europe via Belarus , his office told CNN Tuesday . The move comes as Russia is decreasing the amount of natural gas it sends to Belarus over what it says are unpaid debts . Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko said Russia owes Belarus $ 260 million for the natural gas it transports through the country , state news reported . "  I have ordered the government to close down the transit of gas via Belarus until Gazprom pays for it . They have n't paid us a penny for this in the past six months . This is a cynical and absurd situation when you owe me $ 260 million while I owe you $ 190 million , and you are closing the valve on me , Lukashenko said , according to the Belarus state-run news agency Belta . Lukashenko 's announcement came after Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ordered energy giant Gazprom to restrict gas supplies to Belarus because of what he says are unpaid debts . Alexander Medvedev , head of exports for the company , told reporters that Gazprom would protect its customers . "  We have prepared a plan of actions should Belarus violate its transit commitments and encroach on the gas intended for our European customers . We will do everything possible and impossible so that our European clients would not suffer , " he said . Energy analysts estimate that Russia exports approximately 20 percent of its gas to Europe through Belarus . The other 80 percent transits through Ukraine . Gas from Russia through Belarus amounts to 6.25 percent of Europe 's total gas imports . Officials from the European Commission are in close contact with Russian and Belarusian authorities over the dispute and expect "  that the gas flows to the European Union will not be affected , " spokeswoman Marlene Holzner told reporters Tuesday . On Tuesday Gazprom reduced the amount of gas it sends to Belarus by 30 percent , company CEO Alexei Miller said in televised remarks . The company had already decreased its supply by 15 percent Monday over a $ 200-million debt Belarus has accumulated this year , he said . Miller has said the cuts will continue daily and be "  proportional to the volume of debt . " "  The letter actually ends with a threat that if the gas deliveries to Belarus are further reduced , they would take actions to take gas out of the transit pipeline system in order to meet the needs of Belarusian domestic consumers , " Gazprom spokesman Sergei Kupriyanov said . "  The problem can hardly be resolved in a constructive way when such a tone and threats are being employed . " Russia 's official news agency RIA-Novosti reported earlier Tuesday that Belarusian First Deputy Energy Minister Eduard Tovpinets said that Belarus plans to settle its total debt by July 5 and pay for Russian gas supplied in May by Wednesday . Belarus has refused to pay Russian gas rates of $ 169 per 1,000 cubic meters for the first quarter of the year and $ 185 for the second quarter , RIA-Novosti reported . The former Soviet republic has instead been paying $ 150 since Jan. 1 , ringing up a large debt in the process . In the past , other countries including Austria , Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , Germany , Romania , Greece and Turkey have complained that their gas supplies have been affected as Russia trimmed output to upstream customers like Belarus and Ukraine . Gazprom is the world 's biggest producer and exporter of natural gas -- and Russia 's most powerful company . It controls 20 percent of the world 's natural gas reserves and operates the world 's largest gas distribution network covering an area from Europe to the Far East , according to its website . Gazprom exports energy to 32 countries and provides around 25 percent of the European Union 's gas supplies . Formed in 1989 to replace the Soviet Ministry of the Gas Industry , Gazprom is closely tied to the Russian government , which owns a controlling 50 percent stake in the company . President Dmitry Medvedev is a former Gazprom chairman . In recent years , an increasingly confident Moscow has used Gazprom to assert its authority over Russia 's former sphere of influence by offering heavily subsidized gas to ex-Soviet countries . But that policy has led to disputes as Gazprom has then sought to raise prices . Gazprom has switched off gas supplies to another former republic -- Ukraine -- several times in recent years in a row over payments and Kiev 's rejection of proposals to hike rates . Those disputes ended earlier this year when Russia agreed to a 30 percent drop in the price of natural gas sold to Ukraine , in exchange for permission to extend Russia 's lease of a major naval base in the Black Sea port of Sevastopol , Ukraine , for 25 years . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	Belarus ' president says Russian natural gas deliveries to Europe to be stopped Russia decreasing natural gas sent to Belarus over unpaid debt Gas monopoly Gazprom reduced supply by 30 percent Tuesday Belarus has accumulated $ 200-million debt this year , says it will pay by July 5
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Jared Lee Loughner was up all night before gunning down 19 people -- six fatally -- outside an Arizona supermarket , taking several trips to the supermarket 's shopping plaza in between checking in at an area hotel and visiting two Walmarts to buy ammunition , according to a timeline released Friday by the Pima County Sheriff 's Office . Loughner , 22 , got a room at a nearby Motel 6 , but did not spend much time there late the night of January 7 and early January 8 , the Sheriff 's Office timeline indicates . At 11:35 p.m. , he dropped off a roll of 35 mm film at a Walgreens next door to the Safeway supermarket where the shooting occurred . After buying something about an hour later at a nearby Circle K convenience store and checking into the Motel 6 one mile to the west on Ina Road , he returned at 2:19 a.m. to pick up the photos and make other purchases . Fifteen minutes later , he stopped at a Chevron gas station where , according to a source with direct knowledge , he bought a doughnut , a soft drink and several energy bars . Surveillance video captured Loughner making the purchases , and he also used the pay phone at the store , according to the source . Then , at 4:12 a.m. , Loughner posted a photo of the Walgreens on his MySpace page , with the caption "  Goodbye friends . " The shooting suspect headed out from his hotel room again , buying items at Walmart at the Foothills Mall , about three miles away -- once at 6:12 a.m. and again at 7:04 a.m. , sandwiched around another trip to another Circle K store -- according to the timeline . He was unsuccessful at buying ammunition at that Walmart . He then headed to a different Walmart store -- this one nearly 6 miles away in the Tucson suburb of Marana , where , at 7:27 a.m. , he bought ammunition and a black backpack-style diaper bag . Three minutes later , an officer with the Arizona Game and Fish Department pulled Loughner over for running a red light . He was given a verbal warning and released . He then headed home . He remained there until being confronted by his father sometime before 9:40 a.m. , the timeline says . He ran away with the black bag in hand . A taxi driver picked him up around 9:41 a.m. from one of the Circle K stores he had visited and drove him to the Safeway , in the same plaza as the Walgreens . Both Loughner and the cab driver went inside the store , at 9:54 a.m. , apparently so he could get change to pay his fare . Then , at 10:10 a.m. , Loughner began shooting . The first 911 call went out a minute later , and by 10:15 a.m. , Loughner had been detained -- but not before 19 people had been shot , including his alleged main target , Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . She is in critical condition after being shot in the head , but her doctors have been pleased with her progress . Security cameras at the Safeway captured the shootings , according to Capt. Chris Nanos of the Sheriff 's Department . The video was sent to the FBI for analysis . Earlier Friday , Nanos said that it could take 10 days to get DNA test results on the black bag , which contained seven boxes of 9 mm ammunition -- the same type Loughner allegedly used in the Tucson massacre . The bag , which is now in the FBI 's possession , also contained a receipt for its purchase , according to Nanos . A teenager walking his dog spotted the bag Thursday in a dry riverbed near Loughner 's family home , officials said . The teen gave it to a Qwest Communications worker , who called police . "  We certainly believe this is the bag " Loughner was carrying , Nanos said . "  We got ammunition in there , and it matches the type used in the incident , " added Richard Kastigar , the department 's bureau chief , on CNN 's "  John King USA . " Police say Loughner 's father , Randy , told them his son was carrying a black bag Saturday morning , just hours before the attack . "  The father asked him questions similar to ` What are you doing ? What is that ? ' and Jared mumbled something back to his dad , and his dad said he did n't understand what was said , " Kastigar said . "  It was unintelligible , and then Jared left . " The elder Loughner got in his vehicle and tried to follow his son , but could not find him , he said . Motel 6 declined to provide additional details regarding Jared Loughner 's stay at the motel , saying it "  is fully cooperating with authorities on their ongoing investigation into the suspect 's activities prior to the tragic shooting , " according to a statement from company spokeswoman Laura Rojo-Eddy . Police say they believe Loughner drove to the riverbed after being pulled over for running the red light and tossed the ammunition-filled bag . After Loughner 's arrest Saturday , police discovered in his pockets two 15-round gun magazines , a four-inch Buck-style knife , a plastic bag containing currency , Loughner 's Arizona driver 's license and a Visa credit card , said Jason Ogan , a spokesman for the Pima County Sheriff 's Department . Loughner appeared in a Phoenix federal courtroom Monday to formally hear the charges against him , including two counts of murder , two counts of attempted murder and one count of attempting to kill a member of Congress . He is now in federal custody . Pima County on Thursday released records saying that Loughner visited the Rio Nuevo One-Stop Career Center in September , but was asked to leave because he was using a video camera and refused to turn it off despite being asked repeatedly . "  He pulled a crumpled copy of the Constitution out of his pocket and waved it at me , saying it was his right , " a staffer 's report on the incident said . Loughner 's former community college also released records showing that he frightened fellow students and acted oddly in incidents throughout 2010 . Pima Community College ultimately suspended him . His history at the college included an incident in February in which he reacted strangely to a poem read in one of his classes and made comments about abortion , wars and killing people . Two months later , a library staffer reported he was making loud noises at a computer . Also , a teacher reported Loughner became "  very hostile " after being told his grade in a Pilates class would be a B . The incidents and disruptions continued into autumn , the records said , and college officials became concerned about Loughner 's mental health . After an incident in September , a police officer delivered a suspension letter to him and recounted the events that had taken place . When the officer was finished , according to the report , Loughner responded , "  I realize now that this is all a scam . " On Wednesday , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals designated a district judge in California to hear Loughner 's federal case . Judge Larry Burns is a 2003 Bush appointee serving in the U.S. District Court for Southern California , based in San Diego . The next scheduled federal hearing in the case is January 24 in Phoenix . All federal judges in Arizona have recused themselves from hearing the case . The chief federal judge in Arizona -- Judge John Roll of Tucson -- was among those killed in the Saturday shooting . Kastigar added that investigators are now certain that Loughner acted alone . A "  person of interest " they sought immediately after the shooting turned out to be the taxi driver who dropped off the suspect at the shopping center , Kastigar said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Loughner bought a doughnut , energy bars at a gas station at 2:34 a.m. , source says He visited two Walmarts and Walgreens twice in the hours before the shooting , police say The shooting suspect was in and out of his hotel room repeatedly early that morning Police say it will take 10 days to get DNA test results on a black bag related to the probe
CNN  -- Pop star David Cassidy filed suit on Wednesday against Sony , claiming he was not paid for his image on merchandise from the hit television show , "  The Partridge Family , " in which he starred . "  For nearly 40 years , defendants have swindled Mr. Cassidy out of his rightful share of the profits from The Partridge Family , and when Mr. Cassidy has inquired as to the matter , have lied to him so as to continue to conceal their deception , " said the lawsuit , filed on Wednesday in Los Angeles County Superior Court . "  Mr. Cassidy has reason to believe , and does reasonably believe , that defendants have been perpetrating a scam " and "  will continue to go to any and all lengths necessary , no matter how despicable , to avoid upholding " his contract , the suit said . Named as defendants are Sony Pictures Entertainment , and subsidiaries Screen Gems Inc. and CPT Holdings Inc. . The suit , which alleges fraud and breach of contract , demands "  in excess of millions of dollars , in amount to be determined at trial . " A Sony spokeswoman said the company does not comment on matters involving litigation . In an interview with CNN , Cassidy , 61 , said he simply wants what 's owed to him . "  It 's just a matter of being fair , and doing the right thing , " Cassidy said . "  I have no other alternative if Sony is not going to be reasonable . " He told CNN that his former manager told him he has only been paid about $ 5,000 for merchandise . "  I 'm going to let a jury decide if David Cassidy is entitled to his fair share , " he told CNN . Under his 1971 contract with Screen Gems , Cassidy was supposed to get 15 percent of net merchandising revenues for the use of his image , voice or likeness , and no more than half of that for items in which that if other cast members appeared . "  Mr. Cassidy quickly became a teen idol , " the suit , filed by attorneys Kenneth Linzer , Rachael Shinoskie and Elisha Weiner , states . "  At the height of the show 's success , he received an average of 30,000 letters from fans a week ; having the largest fan club in the world in its day , surpassing even Elvis Presley and The Beatles . " The suit said the show , which aired from 1970 to 1974 , was one of the first -- if not the first -- to be merchandized on a worldwide scale with board games , magazines , coloring books , paperbacks , posters , pillow cases , toy guitars , dollars , lunch boxes , beach towels , pencil cases , comic books , children 's ' clothing , and music sales . "  All of which , it has been reported by knowledgeable news sources , generated nearly $ 500 million for defendants , " the suit said . Despite promises in his 1971 contract to provide financial statements for merchandising , Sony has "  either never provided such accountings and reports , or provided such accountings and reports only begrudgingly , inconsistently , inaccurately and fraudulently . " In a letter sent to Sony in May , Cassidy 's attorney Craig Marshall , requested a full accounting of the merchandise . "  We are formally requesting an accounting and payment for any and all sale , exploitation , or other use of Cassidy 's name , likeness , voice or other exercise of such merchandising rights , " states the letter to Gregory Boone , executive vice president of legal affairs for Sony Pictures Television . "  In that regard , we also request a prompt and full accounting and payment of proceeds for any merchandise that was sold , exploited or otherwise used subsequent to the rights period set forth in the agreement . " Boone responded in a letter that Sony "  could not  and so far as we know did not  enter into any new merchandising licenses " using Cassidy 's "  name , voice and likeness rights " after the show went off the air . "  We have searched for copies of the merchandising net proceeds rendered to Mr. Cassidy in the 1970s , but have been unable to locate them , " the letter said . "  However , we did find some correspondence ... showing that Mr. Cassidy 's representatives audited such statements . Therefore , they must have been rendered to him . " Any potential claims , the letter said , are invalid because the "  statutes of limitation " had expired decades ago . Asked why he waited so long to raise the merchandising issue , Cassidy said he did n't have a copy of his contract until , after a string of moves and business managers , he found it in a box that he had n't opened since the 1970s . Besides his claims that he was cheated out of merchandising revenues , he said new merchandise from the show has continued to be produced in the last 10 years . He said , since the merchandising rights reverted to him one year after the show went off the air and he was entitled to profits from the show , he was supposed to also get paid for any new merchandise . For example , Cassidy showed CNN a "  The Partridge Family " toy bus and model kit with a 2001 copyright . The company that manufactured the toy , Playing Mantis Inc. , has since been sold . But a spokeswoman for the new company confirmed that the toy was produced in 1998 and again in 2001 with Sony 's permission . A toy hamster that sings "  I Think I Love You " also has a 2001 copyright from Gemmy Industries Corp. . Lio Chang , a company vice president , told CNN that Gemmy got permission to use music from a Sony subsidiary . Still another "  Partridge Family " toy bus has a 2003 copyright from CPT Holdings , which is Columbia Pictures Television , a Sony subsidiary . A Sony spokeswoman had no comment when CNN asked about these recent copyrights . The only other cast member reached by CNN from "  The Partridge Family " who said he received money from merchandising is Brian Forster , who replaced Jeremy Gelbwaks as Chris Partridge is the second season . Forster said he received about $ 1,100 , after his mother demanded payment from the studio . The other cast members contacted by CNN said they either did n't have a merchandising clause in their contracts or do not remember getting paid . Cassidy 's comments to CNN follow interviews earlier this year with cast members of "  Happy Days , " who are suing CBS over the same issue . Actors Don Most , Anson Williams , Marion Ross and Erin Moran , as well as the widow of actor Tom Bosley , filed a $ 10 million suit in April , claiming CBS , which owns the show , failed to pay them for "  Happy Days " merchandise , which is still being sold around the world . After the lawsuit was filed , CBS Corp. sent checks to the actors totaling $ 43,403 . But Jon Pfeiffer , the actors ' attorney , said he would not cash the checks while the case is pending because that would imply his clients agree with CBS that is all they are owed . " In a statement , CBS said it agreed the actors are owed money for the merchandise , but dispute the amount . In a court filing , the company said the actors are "  attempting to generate a lucrative litigation windfall by riddling their complaint with unsupported and overreaching causes of action " for fraud and breach of good faith . CBS said this was "  all done in a transparent attempt to introduce the specter of punitive damages " in the case . But the actors fired back in court papers , saying "  although defendants routinely rebrand their corporate images , they should not be permitted to rebrand the truth . " For Cassidy , he said the issue with "  The Partridge Family " is the same -- where did all the merchandising money go ? "  I 'm asking for fairness , I 'm asking to be treated with respect as opposed to , ` we do n't owe you anything , ' " Cassidy said .	1970s pop icon David Cassidy filed a lawsuit Wednesday against Sony The lawsuit claims Cassidy has been ` swindled ' out of merchandising profits Cassidy , 61 , says he has only received $ 5,000 from Partridge Family merchandise A Sony spokeswoman had no comment
CNN  -- Google , Yahoo , LinkedIn and Facebook have all released their workforce diversity reports in the past few weeks . These reports have sparked much hand-wringing about the low number of African-Americans and Latinos who are working in Silicon Valley tech companies . We expect to see a tide of more reports , illustrating a dismal situation needing attention . But , too often , stunned commentators overlook a simple fact : This problem is fixable . Tech companies need more workers , and African-American and Latino communities need more work . Silicon Valley has an insatiable demand for genius . Communities of color have an untapped supply of it . Putting aside any blaming or shaming , tech leaders and communities of color could greatly benefit by coming together -- to ensure that America stops wasting so much genius . Neither Silicon Valley nor low-opportunity communities can afford it anymore . For instance : 70 % of "  Googlers " are men , 30 % women ; 61 % are white and 30 % are Asian . Blacks and Hispanics ? Only 2 % and 3 % , respectively . Google 's May 2014 report could best be summed up with the company 's own words : "  We 're not where we want to be . " These reports have their place . But let us first keep in mind : As important as transparency is , simply releasing these numbers wo n't solve the problem . In fact , Intel , one of the world 's largest tech companies , has been openly sharing its diversity stats for the past decade -- and should be applauded for doing so . And yet the company still struggles with hiring minority talent . Only one thing will make a difference : a job-training pipeline specifically designed to identify , recruit and train talented people from nontraditional backgrounds and low-opportunity communities . Black Girls CODE hosts its first hackathon Imagine , if you will , a promising black or Latino child , sitting behind a public school desk in East Oakland . That youth is seated just half an hour 's drive from Silicon Valley . But it would take something like a miracle for that child to ever find her way into a coding education program , let alone an internship or job at the world 's most famous tech companies , right down the road . We need to fix this -- and we can . We wo n't have to start from scratch . Many grass-roots educational organizations are already working to solve this problem . They are inventing and pioneering powerful new models to bring coding education to new constituencies . Unfortunately , none has reached the necessary scale . America desperately needs an efficient solution for diversifying talent in the tech sector . If existing programs could work together in smart ways , with the best ones getting support to scale up dramatically , we could create a process that would pull extraordinary talent out of unlikely places , like Oakland , or East Los Angeles , or a Native American reservation , or , for that matter , Appalachia . One effort to create those synergies and build that pipeline is called #YesWeCode , an initiative I helped start . Our goal is to help grass-roots groups train 100,000 low-opportunity youth to become high-level computer coders . Here is how we 're doing it : Exposure : First , #YesWeCode , with the help of Facebook , is creating an online platform to unite more than 70 tech-training organizations , so young people can easily and conveniently connect to coding education programs . Training : Second , we are investing in workforce development programs that target people who would n't normally have access or the opportunity to enter careers in tech . Our model includes "  boot camps " and accelerated tech-training programs to equip young people with the skills they need to succeed in a high-level tech job . Jobs : Most important , we are establishing an employers ' council to ensure this pipeline results in gainful employment . This council is also building the core movement to open the doors to invite more low-opportunity talent into this pipeline . Top executives at companies like Apple and Facebook have already expressed interest in joining this council and making meaningful changes in their workforce . Our nation is sitting on an untapped goldmine of talent : amazing young people who have the creativity and the courage , but need the skills . For example , take Kalimah Priforce . He is a young Haitian-American man who grew up in group homes . After his younger brother was shot and killed behind their childhood elementary school , he made a lifelong commitment to transforming the lives of young people . At 16 years old , he founded a tech company to serve low-income neighborhoods . Kalimah went on to co-found Qeyno Labs , a start-up that works to close the STEM  science , technology , engineering and mathematics  gap in education . This past February , Kalimah created a pioneering "  hackathon " in Oakland , California , to highlight black male achievement . Young black kids came together for three days to connect , create and code . It was a group of hoodie-wearing , laptop-wielding future Mark Zuckerbergs -- who all look a bit like Trayvon Martin . It was , almost certainly , a sign of things to come . Plenty of other low-opportunity young people are waiting to live out their own success story . That 's a problem we can solve . We just need to give them the opportunity . Imagine urban youth who are not just downloading apps , but uploading them . And when they succeed , they will change a lot more than the workplace diversity numbers in Silicon Valley .	Van Jones : Google , Yahoo , LinkedIn and Facebook reports show dismal diversity levels Jones : Tech companies need more workers ; blacks and Latinos need more work . He says we need a job-training pipeline to identify , recruit and train people Jones : #YesWeCode will help grass-roots groups train 100,000 low-opportunity youth
CNN  -- In 1993 , Romeo Dallaire was full of hope for the future of Rwanda . Romeo Dallaire , now a Canadian senator , says that in Rwanda , he "  shook hands with the devil . " The Canadian lieutenant general and son of a soldier was about to take up the biggest command of his career -- leading United Nations peacekeepers in the central African nation . A year later he left Rwanda a broken man , having watched helplessly as more than 800,000 people perished in Rwanda 's genocide despite his pleas for more troops to stop the massacre . "  We could have actually saved hundreds of thousands , " Dallaire told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour for "  Scream Bloody Murder . " "  Nobody was interested . " Dallaire 's mission was to monitor a peace deal between two warring ethnic groups , the Hutus and the Tutsis . But the agreement was just a façade . Hutu extremists within the government were stockpiling weapons , and Tutsi refugees had formed a rebel army . Watch Dallaire describe how he could have stopped the genocide " The Tutsis were a minority in Rwanda , and their plight was personal for Dallaire . His Dutch mother had watched friends die in the Holocaust , and he had been raised on stories of heroic Canadian soldiers who brought hope to war-torn Europe . A French Canadian raised in Montreal , Dallaire had experienced discrimination first-hand and was determined to protect the Tutsi minority . But he soon found his was a lone voice . On January 20 , 1994 , Dallaire made a chilling discovery : An informant warned him that Hutu government agents were planning bloodshed . "  They were going to conduct an outright slaughter and elimination of the opposition , " Dallaire said . Dallaire cabled his bosses in New York , warning that his informant "  has been ordered to register all Tutsi in Kigali . He suspects it is for their extermination . " The informant described a major weapons cache , which Dallaire said he planned to raid in the next 36 hours . Watch Dallaire describe the warnings from the informant " Kofi Annan , then head of the U.N. Department of Peacekeeping Operations , was concerned about the safety of Dallaire 's limited U.N. force . Annan 's office told Dallaire : "  We can not agree to the operation contemplated ... as it clearly goes beyond the mandate . " Dallaire tried to change Annan 's mind , repeatedly exchanging faxes with New York through the rest of January and into February . "  Ultimately I got authority . It took two months , and by then it was far too late , " Dallaire said . In an interview with CNN , Annan explained his reasoning : "  When you 're operating in that sort of context with limited troops and facilities , you have to be careful what sort of risks they take , where everybody may even have to leave , and place a people at greater risk . And in a way , this is what happened , " Annan said . "  Dallaire as a soldier , he 's a very good man , he 's a friend , and I respect his professional acumen . One had to take all these factors into consideration before you take a decision . Do the troops take this risk ? Do they have the mandate ? Do they have the resources ? "  Dallaire himself said , ` If I had had a brigade , which is 5,000 , I could have done a lot . ' He had a fraction that number . " Asked why a brigade was n't sent , Annan said : "  The brigade was not available . The -LSB- Security -RSB- Council did not augment the troops . In fact , they went the other way . "  We would have liked to see a larger force in . I had had situations where I called 82 member states together , trying to get troops . I got zilch . " On April 6 , 1994 , a plane carrying the presidents of Rwanda and neighboring Burundi was shot down . It was the moment the Hutu plotters had been waiting for -- the spark that ignited the genocide . Watch as Dallaire describes how the genocide began " Col. Theoneste Bagosora , a Hutu extremist , immediately declared the army was in charge . Within hours , government troops and civilian death squads began slaughtering Tutsis . "  We saw the extremists , the presidential guard and militias , going to specific houses ... and killing people or hauling people off , " Dallaire said . He described the horror of getting phone calls from people he knew while they were under attack . "  As they were busting down the door and opening fire , " he said , "  we would literally hear people dying at the end of the phone as they were trying to get through to us and we had literally nothing to send them . " Dallaire also heard the Hutu government-run radio tell listeners that Tutsis were "  nothing but cockroaches , " broadcasting names of people to be murdered and instructions on how to mutilate and kill them . Watch Dallaire describe the radio instructions on mutilation and murder " It was an echo of past genocides . In Cambodia , the Khmer Rouge called their victims "  worms . " To the Nazis , Jews were "  vermin . " Dallaire says he and his troops moved through entire villages of dead , sometimes clearing paths through corpses with their bare hands . "  With my own hands I carried them , " he said . "  We carried them in our arms , we carried kids in our arms , and adults . We were picking the bodies and moving them aside . ... There would be piles of bodies . " Dallaire 's troops were also targets : 10 were killed in the first days of the genocide . He was desperate for help , on the phone with New York several times a day , asking when reinforcements were coming . Five days into the killing , some U.S. officials began to fear the worst . A top Pentagon official wrote about the potential for "  hundreds of thousands of deaths . " A day later , a State Department memo warned of "  a bloodbath . " But instead of reinforcements , the United States joined a chorus of countries calling for withdrawal . Washington 's taste for foreign intervention had soured . Just months earlier in Somalia , two dozen Pakistani peacekeepers had been murdered . United States commandos on the hunt for the killers had their Black Hawk helicopter shot down . Eighteen U.S. soldiers were killed . Americans were anxious to extricate themselves from Africa -- just as they had been in Southeast Asia decades before . "  The U.S. troops had been killed and dragged through the streets and humiliated , " Annan said . "  The governments were not prepared to take another risk and go into Rwanda . " After two weeks of debate , Washington compromised and agreed to a token U.N. presence . The result : The U.N. Security Council voted to reduce Dallaire 's already small force by 90 percent . "  In essence , they voted to allow the killers to continue , " said Michael Barnett , a professor who was on a fellowship at the U.N. at the time and studied its response to the genocide . "  The moment that the U.N. votes to withdraw , that 's when we see a real spike in the violence , " Barnett said . "  Because at that point it 's clear to the Rwandans ... that there will not be any cavalry over the horizon . " In the fourth week of the killing , then U.N. Secretary General Boutros-Boutros Gali concluded that the mission was hopeless . He ordered a pullout of all U.N. troops . Dallaire refused . "  I refused a legal order , " Dallaire said . "  But it was immoral . " Dallaire and his few hundred peacekeepers could do little except help humanitarian efforts and protect a small number of people , while he repeatedly and futilely attempted to negotiate a cease-fire . As the United States and the United Nations stood by , the rebel Tutsi army fought back against the Hutu government . In mid-July , 100 days of hell came to an end when Tutsi forces declared victory . Weeks later , Dallaire asked to be relieved of his command . The horrors of the genocide had taken its toll . He was guilt-ridden , believing he should have done more to prevent the genocide . In his book , "  Shake Hands With The Devil : The Failure of Humanity in Rwanda , " Dallaire wrote : "  Death became a desired option . I hoped I would hit a mine or run into an ambush and just end it all . I think some part of me wanted to join the legions of the dead , whom I had failed . " Those thoughts of suicide followed him home to Canada . Watch Dallaire describe how he dealt with thoughts of suicide " In the preface of his book , Dallaire summed up his Rwanda experience , writing , "  I know there is a God because in Rwanda I shook hands with the devil . I have seen him , I have smelled him and I have touched him . I know the devil exists , and therefore I know there is a God . " Today Dallaire is a senator in the Canadian parliament and dedicates much of his time to an initiative to eradicate the use of child soldiers .	In 1994 , Romeo Dallaire was leading a U.N. peacekeeping force in Rwanda The Canadian lieutenant general warned his bosses that a slaughter was imminent Instead of sending reinforcements , the U.N. eventually ordered Dallaire to withdraw He refused what he calls an "  immoral " order and ultimately left Africa a broken man
CNN  -- NASA said Friday 's rocket and satellite strike on the moon was a success , kicking up enough dust for scientists to determine whether or not there is water on the moon . An artist 's rendering shows the LCROSS spacecraft , left , separating from its Centaur rocket . "  We have the data we need to actually address the questions we set out to address , " said Anthony Colaprete , principal investigator for the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite , or LCROSS , mission . It will be awhile before all the data from the satellite can be analyzed to determine if there is water on the moon , according to LCROSS project manager Dan Andrews . Andrews said that "  the spacecraft performed beautifully . " NASA crashed the rocket and a satellite into the moon 's surface on Friday morning in a $ 79 million mission . NASA televised live images of the LCROSS as it crashed into a crater near the moon 's south pole . Watch as NASA reacts to "  successful " crash " Minutes before its impact , the satellite guided a rocket into the Cabeus crater in an effort to kick up enough dust to help the LCROSS find whether there is any water in the moon 's soil . The Centaur upper-stage rocket impacted the moon shortly after 7:30 a.m. ET , and the satellite followed it four minutes later . The LCROSS carried spectrometers , near-infrared cameras , a visible camera and a visible radiometer to help NASA scientists analyze the resulting plumes of dust -- more than 250 metric tons ' worth -- for water vapor . But immediate NASA images of the crash produced no sign of the plumes , which were expected to rise six kilometers from the moon 's surface , said John Marmie , LCROSS deputy project manager . "  Everyone was like , ` What 's happening here ? ' " Marmie said . "  But that does n't mean we do n't have good data there . " Observatories on Earth did confirm they saw plumes after the crashes , Marmie said . Watch as a mission official explains the importance of finding water " The orbiting Hubble Space Telescope and NASA 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter photographed the impacts . Meanwhile , hundreds of telescopes on Earth focused on the moon , hoping to catch a glimpse of two plumes . The Cabeus crater lies in permanent shadow , making observations inside the crater difficult . NASA Deputy Administrator Lori Garver , who watched at a public event at the Newseum in Washington , noted the great interest in the NASA mission . "  We had families ... literally coming in off the street " to watch , Garver said on NASA TV . iReport : Did you watch ? NASA had encouraged amateur astronomers to join the watch parties . "  We expect the debris plumes to be visible through midsized backyard telescopes -- 10 inches and larger , " said Brian Day at NASA 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , California , before the strike . Day is an amateur astronomer who is leading education and public outreach for the LCROSS mission . Ames -- which led the mission -- hosted an all-night event featuring music and food before the broadcast of NASA 's live transmission of the lunar impact . Other science observatories and amateur astronomy clubs across the country hosted similar events . Watch CNN 's Jeanne Moos ask if lunacy is behind the moon "  bombing " " "  The initial explosions will probably be hidden behind crater walls , but the plumes will rise high enough above the crater 's rim to be seen from Earth , " Day said . Data from previous space missions have revealed trace amounts of water in lunar soil . The LCROSS mission seeks a definitive answer to the question of how much water is present . NASA has said it believes water on the moon could be a valuable resource in the agency 's quest to explore the solar system . LCROSS launched with the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter aboard an Atlas V rocket from Cape Canaveral , Florida , on June 18 .	NEW : Rocket impact generated enough data to study , NASA says NASA crashes rocket and a satellite into the moon 's surface Mission 's goal is to scan for water in dust kicked up by crash The probe will relay data back to Earth about water vapor in moon dust
CNN  -- It is difficult being an American Muslim engaged in civic activities , let alone working in government or politics . We Muslims must always second-guess what we say , guard against people questioning our loyalty and make sure that nobody thinks we are trying to infiltrate the government to sabotage it from within and hand it over to the Muslim Brotherhood . Most Americans would dismiss these accusations , especially the last one , as outrageous conspiracy theories written by loonies on their blogs . Yet American Muslim public servants are facing these charges from sitting members of Congress . The sad reality is that it has been happening for a decade , and has been met with complete indifference from the media and the public . Recently , Rep. Michele Bachmann , briefly the front-runner for GOP presidential candidate , sent letters to the State Department , Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security asking them to investigate American Muslim organizations , individuals and government employees to determine if they are infiltrating the government and sabotaging it from within . This week , Newt Gringrich wrote an op-ed defending Bachmann 's request . Bachmann and her friends -- Republican representatives Trent Franks of Arizona , Louie Gohmert of Texas , Tom Rooney of Florida and Lynn Westmoreland of Georgia -- pulled out all the stops . They not only hurled these outrageous claims at our organization , the Muslim Public Affairs Council , and others like ours , but also accuse Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's deputy chief-of-staff of being part of the conspiracy . Huma Abedin , married to former New York Rep. Anthony Weiner , has served Clinton since she was the first lady . The slurs against her are beyond malicious . They accuse Abedin 's late father and her family of being a part of an international conspiracy seeking to sabotage the United States . This latest witch hunt comes as no surprise to those of us in public life . This is a natural next step for hate mongers . First , people who do not have mainstream political backing start the rumors . Next , if we take a page from Sen. Joseph McCarthy 's 1950s playbook , the rumors become accusations leveled by the most politically privileged . It 's simple -- the more accusations thrown at American Muslims trying to serve their country , the harder it is for them to be hired and the more politicians shy away from engaging them . For years , we have watched presidential candidates talking about their discomfort with appointing Muslims to senior positions in government . We have seen them sparring over our ethics and principles . Legislation against Sharia law has been introduced in 20 states , frightening residents into thinking Sharia is an imminent threat . President Obama still faces vicious and pointed accusations of being a Muslim , as though it were a slur . These attacks are real and hurt people 's lives . Public servants have been forced out of jobs , with suspicion shadowing them . Very few public officials have had the courage to publicly condemn the escalating witch hunt . Will this latest absurdity finally force our politicians and policy-makers to not only defend someone like Huma Abedin , whose public service needs no defense , but also all American Muslims who serve this country every day ? A few Republicans have rallied to Abedin 's side . This week , Ed Rollins , Bachmann 's former campaign chief , denounced her in an op-ed on Fox News . Speaker of the House John Boehner defended Abedin 's character . Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain felt compelled to stand on the floor of the Senate and denounce the accusations . "  Ultimately , what is at stake in this matter is larger even than the reputation of one person . This is about who we are as a nation , and who we aspire to be , " he said . The question is whether this incident will serve as a tipping point . Will our political and religious leaders and the media push back against Islamophobes whose clear agenda is to marginalize American Muslims ? Will this wave of McCarthyism be exposed , condemned and made politically unacceptable ? Will American Muslim public servants be able to serve their country without suspicion ? Every year , my organization brings 25 young American Muslim leaders to Washington to help them better understand policy making . The majority are inspired to develop careers in government and public service . Yet every year I ask myself : Are these individuals better off in banking , medicine and less high-profile careers ? Am I exposing them to a career that will be tarnished by the likes of Michele Bachmann ? In the end , I still believe that the sacrifice to serve this nation and make America a better place is worth the headache , and heartache , of dealing with bigots -- including those in Congress . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Haris Tarin .	Haris Tarin : American Muslims in public life face constant scrutiny over loyalty Tarin : But Michele Bachmann , four others take conspiracy theory to an extreme He says Bachmann witch hunt indicts Hillary Clinton 's longtime adviser Huma Abedin Tarin hopes this is a tipping point , when politicians stop tolerating this bigotry
CNN  -- Four crew members escaped and two others were taken hostage from the crash of a Ukrainian transport plane hit by a rocket over the Luhansk region near the Russian border , a Ukrainian Defense Ministry spokesman Vladislav Seleznyov said Tuesday . All eight on board the plane downed Monday were Ukrainians , Seleznyov said . In addition , two others remain missing , he said . It 's unclear who is responsible for taking hostages . The four who escaped "  are in a safe location , " the Defense Ministry said . Video posted to YouTube appears to show people watching as at least one person parachutes and a huge plume of dark smoke rises from the ground . The rocket that struck the plane Monday appears to have come from Russia , Kiev officials said . The Ukrainian military has been battling pro-Russian separatists in the area where the Antonov-26 aircraft went down , officials said . The plane 's altitude was too high to be fired on from the ground with a portable missile system , according to a statement from Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko . The plane was hit with "  a more powerful missile weapon that was probably used from the territory of the Russian Federation , " the statement said . A spokeswoman with the Russian President 's office said Monday she could not confirm any missile had been fired from the Russian Federation . On Friday , pro-Russian separatists fired rockets at a Ukrainian military camp in the Luhansk region , killing 19 troops and injuring at least 55 others , according to Ukraine 's counterterrorism office . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	All eight on board downed plane were Ukrainian , Defense Ministry spokesman says Four escaped after plane hit ; two taken hostage , official says Kiev officials say rocket that struck plane crash appears to have come from Russia
CNN  -- Alex Ferguson has defended the Premier League referee at the center of a racism row , saying Chelsea 's allegations are "  unthinkable . " Ferguson , one of football 's most venerated and decorated figures , insists he does not believe claims that Mark Clattenburg used "  inappropriate language " towards Chelsea 's Nigerian midfielder John Obi Mikel during Manchester United 's 3-2 win at Stamford Bridge on Sunday . While both the police and Football Association have launched an investigation into the alleged incident , Ferguson has stepped in to defend the match official , who has been stood down from duty pending the inquiries . "  I do n't believe Mark Clattenburg would make any comments like that . I refuse to believe it , " Ferguson told reporters ahead of United 's game against Arsenal on Saturday . "  I think it is unthinkable in the modern climate . I just do n't believe it -- simple as that . I 've never had a player come to me in the last 15 years and say a referee swore in a game -- ever . "  The way we see the game today rather than how it was 25 years ago , it has completely changed . "  I played myself and I know that the banter which went on between referees and players 25 years ago is different to today . "  There is no way a referee would stoop to that , I am convinced of that . " Police to investigate ` racist ' referee in Chelsea case Chelsea manager Roberto Di Matteo , whose side takes on Swansea on Saturday , refused to become embroiled in a war of words with Ferguson . "  It 's a free country and everybody can say what they want , " the Italian told reporters . "  He likes to talk about other clubs . We tend not to . " Police launch hunt for ` racist ' Chelsea fan Meanwhile , the Chelsea fan who allegedly made racist gestures at United 's Danny Welbeck during Wednesday 's League Cup tie has been named as 28-year-old Gavin Kirkham from the county of Hertfordshire , north of London . Kirkham was photographed making a "  monkey " action towards Welbeck , triggering another police investigation . Chelsea has already vowed to crack down on any acts of racism and Di Matteo insists the London club is determined to eradicate the problem . "  I always said that we are against any form of discrimination , " he said . "  We will support anyone who is fighting that . That 's our position and my personal belief as well . "  The fact that these incidents are happening give a lot of media exposure and makes people aware that we have to fight maybe a little more strongly than perhaps we thought . "  Everyone has to be involved in this process to eradicate it from the sport and life in general . "	Sir Alex Ferguson backs Mark Clattenburg over allegations of ' "  inappropriate language " Police and FA have launched investigations into allegations Roberto Di Matteo refuses to react to Ferguson 's comments Chelsea fan who allegedly racially abused Manchester United 's Danny Welbeck named
CNN  -- "  Bikinis and big booties , y' all . That 's what life is about , " professes Alien , the be-grilled , white Camaro-driving rapper played by James Franco in Harmony Korine 's "  Spring Breakers "  in theaters Friday  . Add baby-pink ski masks and more than a little gunplay to the mix , and we 're off . The art-sleaze film about the decadent rites of American college kids stars former Disney sweethearts Selena Gomez and Vanessa Hudgens alongside "  Pretty Little Liars ' " Ashley Benson and Korine 's wife , Rachel , as broke coeds who stick up a chicken shack to fund the spring break of their dreams . When the partying goes too far and the girls find themselves in jail in St. Petersburg , Florida , it 's Alien who bails them out and introduces them to a life that 's both darker and more tender than they ever knew . The DayGlo - and dubstep-fueled assault on the senses was written by Korine  "  Kids , " "  Trash Humpers "  while doing some immersion research in a hotel room in Panama City , Florida , where , he told an audience at the South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin , "  people were blasting Taylor Swift music 24 hours a day , vomiting on my door and snorting donuts . It was crazy . " "  It 's a very base culture , " he continued , "  and I thought there was some kind of strange poetry in it as well . " The scenes of spring break , raunchy displays of grinding bodies and guys spilling beer into topless girls ' mouths from crotch level , were taken from real-life festivities . "  Some of the scenes we were shooting , and you see we 're in the motel room , and all of us are just completely covering our mouths and shocked -- that was all real , " Gomez said . "  We were witnessing things that were happening that were absolutely crazy and reacting in the realest way . " "  The images were hypersexualized , hyperviolent , " Korine said , "  and then the subject matter was all the details : The bikinis and the book bags and the flip-flops and the Hello Kitty bags and the nail polish and the neons and the stickers and the glasses were all real childlike , innocent . I thought it was interesting , both of those things working together . It 's a nice backdrop but also a metaphor for what happens later in the film once they meet Alien and what the movie becomes . " Though Faith , Gomez 's comparatively pious character , scans as someone who might have grown out of the "  Wizards of Waverly Place " and Justin Bieber trajectory , she explained that she chose the role because "  I wanted to see how far I could go . " Benson said , "  People are used to seeing us in certain roles , and this was a movie where we were able to show people a different side of us , and it was more exciting than anything . " Hudgens added that their characters are "  a little bit psychotic in their own right , but it 's such a liberating experience to be able to do a movie like this . " But , Gomez cautioned , "  I do n't necessarily want to know what people are going to say or think " about her choice . "  It 's just better that way . I ca n't really make anyone happy . I 'm an actor , and I love what I do , so if I want to do something I 'm super passionate about , I 'm just going to go for it . If people like it , awesome . If not , at least we made them feel something . " CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this story .	Former Disney stars Selena Gomez and Vanessa Hudgens are among the film 's cast Creator Harmony Korine said spring break in Florida is "  a very base culture " Gomez said she took the role because she wanted to see how far she could go
LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- Former baseball great Lenny Dykstra reached a deal with prosecutors , pleading no contest Wednesday to three counts of grand theft auto and filing a false financial statement , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . Dykstra , a three-time Major League Baseball All-Star who led the New York Mets to a World Series championship , was released pending sentencing Jan. 20 , 2012 , the office said in a statement . The former athlete , who faces up to four years in prison , admitted the loss was more than $ 100,000 , according to a statement from the district attorney 's office . In exchange for Dykstra 's plea , 21 charges against him , including attempted grand theft auto , identity theft , possession of a controlled substance and unauthorized possession of a syringe , will be dismissed at sentencing , according to the statement . Beginning in January , Dykstra , 48 , and two co-defendants tried to lease various high-end automobiles from several area dealerships by providing fraudulent information and claiming credit through a phony business , prosecutors said . A criminal complaint contended that Dykstra and Robert Hymers , 27 , his accountant , provided information from a man they claimed was a co-signer , but who had not authorized his name to be used . Leases were not approved at two dealerships , but the pair and Christopher Gavanis , 30 , a friend of Dykstra 's , drove off with three cars at one company by providing fraudulent information to a dealer , Deputy District Attorney Alex Karkanen said . When Dykstra was arrested in April , Los Angeles police detectives allegedly found cocaine and ecstasy along with somatropin , a synthetic human growth hormone , when they searched his Encino home . In September , Hymers pleaded no contest to one felony count of identity theft . Gavanis pleaded no contest to one felony count of filing a false financial statement , prosecutors said . In a separate case , Dykstra was indicted in May on federal charges , including obstruction of justice for allegedly taking more than $ 400,000 in property that should have gone to his bankruptcy creditors and then lying about it under oath , prosecutors claim . Dykstra 's stellar professional baseball career began in 1981 , when the New York Mets drafted him out of high school . During his second year in the majors , the player nicknamed "  Nails " for his tenacity , hit a lead-off home run in Game 3 of the 1986 World Series at Boston 's Fenway Park , after the Mets lost the first two games . That spark rallied the Mets to a seven-game series victory over the Boston Red Sox . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	Former baseball star pleads no contest to several charges He faces up to four years in prison at January sentencing Complaint says Dykstra , two friends fraudulently drove off with luxury cars from dealership
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Development threatens to engulf Civil War battlefields , a preservationist group said as it released its annual list of endangered battle sites on Wednesday . Civil War reenactors fire a cannon at the Gettysburg , Pennsylavnia , battlefield in 2003 . "  In town after town , the irreplaceable battlefields that define those communities are being marred forever , " said James Lighthizer , the head of the Civil War Preservation Trust . "  As we approach the sesquicentennial of the bloodiest conflict in our nation 's history , we need to be more aware than ever of the importance of preserving these sacred places for generations to come . " The group says it has helped save more than 25,000 acres of Civil War battlefields in 18 states . Topping the 2009 list of endangered battlefields is Monocacy , Maryland , where the Preservation Trust wants to prevent a trash-processing facility with a 350-foot smokestack from being built nearby . In Virginia , the group is fighting to keep a Wal-Mart Supercenter from going up on the edge of the Wilderness Battlefield , which also is on this year 's list . On that site , 160,000 Union and Confederate troops fought a two-day battle in 1864 . "  These hallowed battlegrounds should be national shrines , monuments to American valor , determination and courage , " actor Richard Dreyfuss said in prepared remarks . "  Once these irreplaceable treasures are gone , they 're gone forever . " Dreyfuss has been involved in a pair of Civil War documentaries . Rounding out the group 's Top 10 list of endangered battlefields are :	Development threatens to destroy historic Civil War sites , group says Trash processing center may be built near Maryland battlefield Wal-Mart proposes store adjacent to Virginia 's Wilderness battlefield Sites are "  irreplaceable treasures , " actor Richard Dreyfuss says
Last January after a fresh snowstorm , my 9-year-old son asked me to help him build a snowman . I told him that I would be out to help shortly . A couple of minutes later he came running back yelling , "  Dad , it 's melting ! " That got my attention . It was sub-30 outside , so how could a snowman be melting ? I followed him as he ran down the hall to his bedroom . In the middle of his room was a 4-foot tall snowman , melting away . While I removed the snowman and cleaned the remaining slush and mud , I asked him why he did it . He said , in a very matter-of-fact-tone , "  It 's cold outside . " Growing up autistic My son has Asperger 's syndrome . For him , building a snowman in his bedroom because it was cold outside was a logical solution to a problem . Because of my son , "  Aspies " hold a special place in my heart . So whenever I hear someone in my industry talk about hiring an Aspie , I cringe just a little . Because in technology , saying you 've hired an Aspie is like code to say that you 've hired a machine . It 's true that there are a lot of benefits in hiring someone with Asperger 's . Research from Harvard Business School shows the strengths of people with Asperger 's and high-functioning autism make them especially well-suited for software development and testing . They have the ability to focus for extended periods . They have very good memories and are often highly intelligent . Their strong analytical skills make them talented at technology work . I have Asperger 's : I am just like you But there is a lot more to Aspies than their focus , intelligence and determination . Aspies are human . Like anyone else , they have their highs and lows , and their good and bad days . As a manager , you should understand how to handle the unique opportunities and challenges that come with hiring an Aspie . Here are six things you should know : 1 . Aspies are autistic Asperger 's syndrome is a high-functioning variant of autism . People with Asperger 's are often exceptionally intelligent and verbally gifted , but they also can be socially awkward . They can react to stress differently and at times more emotionally than others not on the autism spectrum . Many people with Asperger 's are challenged by large crowds , looking people in the eye and reading common social cues . When talking with an Aspie , do n't get offended if they look around or focus on an object in the room instead of looking directly at you . This is a coping skill that most Aspies develop over time . Listen to their words instead of focusing on their body language . 2 . Aspies are intelligent -- and independent Aspies will question authority . They will never accept "  no " for an answer without being told the reason for it . They almost never accept a fact simply because of who it comes from . They will only accept it as fact if the logic proves out . For this reason , many inexperienced managers shy away from working with an Aspie . Do n't . You just need to be prepared to justify your decisions when they 'll have a direct impact on your Aspie employee . 3 . Aspies think differently Aspies frequently talk at length about small details instead of being brief and to the point . The reason is simple : It 's how they see the world . They hold complex mental models that include all those small interlocking details . To them , overlooking the details is ignoring part of the solution . Be patient with them . It 's an Aspie 's way of getting it . I have seen Aspies start reprogramming software in their head well before they get back to their desks and write the first line of code . Aspie testers will instantly see what is wrong with the software because it no longer fits their model . All this "  rewiring " has wonderfully positive results . 4 . Aspies feel deeply It 's easy to think that Aspies are less empathetic because of how they can act . They 're not . When people are unsure how to respond to a stressful or unfamiliar situation , we can act in strange ways . This goes for Aspies , too . One the most challenging things for any autistic individual to deal with is the cacophony of emotions that can be triggered by seemingly mundane events . For example , the cancellation of a project may be a relief to most of your team , while an Aspie may see it as people not appreciating their hard work or allowing them to finish the job . Be patient . Pull them aside beforehand to explain the situation and ask them for their feedback and insight . It will give them a chance to process the idea . 5 . Aspies talk differently In the most simple of terms : Aspies are blunt to a fault . Aspies are known for being direct , speaking their mind and being honest and determined . Just be aware that an Aspie is interested primarily in significant contributions to conversation , preferring to avoid "  small talk , " trivial statements and superficial conversation . Aspies are not trying to be rude . 6 . Aspies are successful There is good reason that Asperger 's is called the successful disorder . Their focus and dedication leads many Aspies to great heights . I doubt you could find an entrepreneur who does n't have a few Aspie behaviors . Asperger 's comes with challenges along with the great opportunities . Do n't shy away from Aspies because they have different mannerisms or behaviors . Be aware of them and understand how to respond to them . If you do , you will see Aspies as the invaluable people they are and afford them the respect they deserve . Readers support Asperger 's community	People with Asperger 's bring unique strengths to their careers , Dave Wellman says There are "  unique opportunities and challenges " presented by hiring "  Aspies " Have a personal essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
CNN Student News  -- August 11 , 2014 CNN Student News returns on Monday , August 11th , kicking off the 2014-2015 school year ! Our commercial-free coverage includes reports on violence in the Middle East and the spread of Ebola in West Africa . We also introduce a new way for schools to get announced on our Roll Call , and we conclude with a "  royal " cattle call . Hope you can join us on our first day back ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News
London , England  CNN  -- A strike that would have crippled British Airways over Christmas and New Year 's Day can not go ahead , a judge ruled Thursday . Judge Laura Cox issued an injunction blocking the planned 12-day strike , which was set to start December 22 and could have affected up to 1 million passengers . The airline immediately issued a statement saying it is "  delighted for our customers . "  There was never any need for a strike and we hope that Unite will take this opportunity to reflect before deciding its next steps , " BA said , referring to the union that planned the strike . "  Our customers do not believe that old-style trade union militancy is relevant to our efforts to move British Airways back toward profitability . " But Unite joint general secretaries Derek Simpson and Tony Woodley called it "  a disgraceful day for democracy when a court can overrule such an overwhelming decision by employees taken in a secret ballot . "  This dispute is not settled . Passing the buck to the courts to do management 's job for them was never going to be the answer , " they said , warning they could vote again to strike . "  BA must accept that there can be no resolution except through negotiation , failing which there will inevitably be a further ballot for industrial action . " Unite has been engaged in a bitter dispute with British Airways management . "  I 'm not disappointed for the people that can get away at Christmas , " Simpson told CNN . "  It was never our desire to hurt those people . What we wanted to do was force a negotiated settlement . " He said he is concerned the decision has "  hardened management 's attitude " toward negotiation . The union is unhappy with the airline 's plans to change cabin crew conditions . Unite says working hours will be extended and crew levels will be cut , changes that will damage customer service and hit the British Airways brand . The airline says the changes will save the carrier $ 665 million . BA has been losing hundreds of millions of dollars each quarter this year . Cabin crew staff voted overwhelmingly in favor of the strike . But the airline argued in court that some of the workers who cast ballots had already taken voluntary redundancy -- or buyouts -- from the airline . Some 10,288 workers voted , of about 14,000 cabin crew staff overall . The airline 's legal counsel , Bruce Carr , told the presiding judge that the balloting process contained "  serious and substantial irregularities . " Carr called the union 's action in choosing to strike over Christmas "  willfully disproportionate and clearly unlawful . " He referred several times to the serious disruption that would be felt by the airline 's passengers , saying some "  ordinary people will find it very difficult to understand . " Simpson said management imposed terms on the union members without agreement , and when Unite asked a court to stop it , the court did not . The fact that the court has now blocked the union from striking "  shows an imbalance in employment law , " he said . Travel experts have said around 1 million British Airways passengers could have been affected by the strike , finding themselves stranded and unable to rebook their tickets during the busy travel period . Thursday brought disruption to thousands of passengers on another airline , one run by the small Scottish charter company Globespan . The company announced on its Web site that it has gone into administration and that all flights on its airline , Flyglobespan , have been canceled . Further travel headaches are in store for passengers of other airlines at Heathrow and Aberdeen airports next week . Unite said baggage handlers and check-in staff at the two airports plan a series of three separate walkouts starting next week in a dispute over pay and pensions . The strike is not related to the British Airways dispute . The baggage handlers and check-in staff are employed by SAS Ground Services UK Ltd. . The strike will affect travelers on Turkish , Emirates and Thai airlines at Heathrow and passengers on KLM , Air France , Wideroe and Atlantic at Aberdeen , Unite said . The walkouts are scheduled for December 22-24 , December 26-27 and January 3-4 . Those passengers hoping to avoid air travel in Europe and take the train instead faced uncertainty after British-based drivers of the Eurostar train announced a series of two strikes starting this weekend . The drivers said they will strike Friday and Saturday , and again December 26 and 27 . Eurostar , however , said service would not be affected , because drivers from France and Belgium would be used . The train line provides service between London and both Paris , France , and Brussels , Belgium . The union representing the drivers , the Associated Society of Locomotive Engineers and Firemen , said talks with Eurostar "  concerning international allowances " broke down . The dispute is over how much drivers ' meal allowances should be when they are in Paris and Brussels . A Eurostar spokeswoman said it offered the drivers what it believes is a reasonable amount , but the drivers rejected the offer . She would not divulge specifics of the offer , saying only that it was "  enough for a good meal . " -- CNN Business Correspondent Jim Boulden contributed to this report .	High Court issues injunction stopping planned BA holiday strike Airline issues a statement saying it is "  delighted for our customers " Travel experts say around one million passengers would be hit by strike Twelve-day strike was due to start Monday , disrupting holiday season travel
CNN  -- He is merciless toward opponents , secretive to the point of being a recluse and a true believer in the cause of global jihad . And from his hideout somewhere in southern Somalia , Mukhtar Abu Zubayr , the emir of Al-Shabaab , planned the most devastating terror attack in Kenya since the U.S. Embassy bombing in 1998 . Zubayr , who is also known as Ahmed Abdi Godane , already has a price on his head . Last year , the U.S. State Department authorized a reward of up to $ 7 million for information on his whereabouts . And Saturday , his compound in the Somali port city of Barawe was the target of a raid by American commandos , according to local residents . The SEALs withdrew after a fierce firefight , and it was unclear whether their target -- still unidentified by U.S. officials -- was dead or alive . Zubayr 's vision has been to transform Al-Shabaab from an insurgent outfit focused on Somalia into a terrorist group capable of devastating attacks beyond its borders . He has already directed two -- suicide bombings against bars in Uganda 's capital Kampala in 2010 , and September 's Westgate mall siege in Nairobi , Kenya . In an audio statement released after the siege , Zubayr noted the attack took place "  just 10 days after the anniversary date of the blessed 911 operations " and called it an "  epic battle " launched to punish Kenya for the 2011 invasion that drove Al-Shabaab out of much of southern Somalia . "  We tell the Kenyan public : You have entered into a war that is not yours and is serving against your national interests . You have voluntarily given up on your security and economy and lost many of your sons , " Zubayr said . He warned Kenyans that they face "  a war of attrition inside your own country " unless their government pulls its remaining forces out of Somalia . He added that "  it was also a retribution against the Western states that supported the Kenyan invasion . " Experts who track Al-Shabaab communications say there is no reason to doubt the authenticity of the recording . Uganda , meanwhile , has more than 6,000 troops in Somalia as part of the African Union peacekeeping mission supporting the transitional government in Mogadishu . After the 2010 bombings , which killed more than 70 people , Zubayr warned : "  What happened in Kampala was just the beginning . " And with a terror resume that now spans 15 years , he has been "  ruthlessly eliminating real and imagined rivals " within the group , according to a well-placed source in Mogadishu with extensive knowledge of Al-Shabaab . "  Zubayr is creating Al-Shabaab 2.0 , " the source said . For Zubayr , the struggle has always been a global confrontation with "  disbelievers " rather than just about Somalia . He also vowed that his group would launch a direct attack against the United States . Zubayr is 36 years old , according to most accounts , and originally from Somaliland , now a vaguely autonomous part of northern Somalia . He is slim to the point of wispy , as shown on the very few photographs of him , and prefers recording audio messages to appearing in public . As a teenager , he studied at a Pakistani madrassa , thanks to a grant from a wealthy Saudi , and he returned home with militant beliefs and an appetite for trouble . He was thought to have been involved in the abduction and murder of several foreign aid workers in Somaliland , including the killing of Italian aid worker Annalena Tonelli in 2003 . Among his close associates in Al-Shabaab 's early days was Aden Ayrow , a towering force in the group and a ruthless and mercurial pro-al Qaeda hardliner . After Ayrow 's death in May 2008 in a U.S. strike , Zubayr asserted his leadership of Al-Shabaab and immediately pledged allegiance to Osama bin Laden . According to a U.S. diplomatic cable published by WikiLeaks in 2009 , he once refused to discuss a military offensive against government forces in Mogadishu with Al-Shabaab 's allies until one of them apologized for remarks he had made critical of bin Laden . But bin Laden was wary of a merger of al Qaeda with Al-Shabaab . About a year before his death , he wrote to Zubayr that enemies would "  escalate their anger and mobilize against you : this is what happened to the brothers in Iraq or Algeria . " Bin Laden 's deputy at that time , Ayman al-Zawahiri , took a different view . A letter dated December 2010 , which was recovered from bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad and was thought by researchers to have been written by al-Zawahiri , was critical of bin Laden 's decision to rebuff entreaties by the Somali militant group . "  I see it to be very essential for al Qaeda to confirm and declare its linkage with its branches ... please reconsider your opinion not to declare the accession of the brothers of Somalia , " the author wrote . In February of last year , Zubayr formally declared Al-Shabaab an affiliate of al Qaeda with a long message to al-Zawahiri , in which he said : "  We will go with you as loyal soldiers until doom and injustice disappear from Islam . " Zubayr has always rejected any negotiations with Somalia 's Transitional Federal Government . According to another U.S. diplomatic cable leaked to WikiLeaks , Zubayr rejected an initiative in 2009 by then-Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi to mediate in Somalia , telling him that once a true Islamic government was established in Somalia , he would move on to other countries , including Libya . He opposes elections , saying "  the reality is that democracy is something Allah made unlawful , and someone else can not make it lawful . " As Al-Shabaab came under greater pressure from the African Union force stationed in Mogadishu , Zubayr turned to suicide bombings against civilians . In December 2009 , an Al-Shabaab bomber killed 23 people at a university graduation ceremony in Mogadishu . Some factions inside Al-Shabaab disowned the attack , but Zubayr was unmoved . As a northerner , unlike other Al-Shabaab commanders , he did not belong to a clan in the areas controlled by the group and was therefore less concerned about civilian casualties . According to a confidential U.N. assessment , Zubayr demanded more suicide attacks to supplement conventional fighting . His rejection of negotiations , poor management of military campaigns and the clan system soon led to dissent in Al-Shabaab . According to diplomatic cables in 2009 , Zubayr wanted to declare an Islamic caliphate in areas controlled by Al-Shabaab , which included much of central and southern Somalia . Others in Al-Shabaab 's leadership disagreed , saying the group had to gain greater public support before such a move . But fearful of assassination , they kept their counsel . The imposition of brutal Taliban-like law eventually alienated large sections of the population in southern and central Somalia . One prominent Al-Shabaab member , the American Omar Hammami , said in a video last year that other elements in the group were trying to kill him . He followed up with a series of tweets this year attacking Zubayr . "  Abu zubayr has gone mad . He 's starting a civil war , " he said . Zubayr responded by ordering the killing of Hammami , who was wounded by a gunshot in April . His intelligence wing finally caught up with Hammami and killed him in September , just days after he told the Voice of America that Zubayr had "  turned Al-Shabaab into an organization that oppresses Muslims in an effort to win control of Somalia . " Even longtime supporters and friends , such as Ibrahim al Afghani , have turned against Zubayr , and paid with their lives . Al Afghani was killed in a shootout in June in the southern town of Barowe . The Mogadishu source tells CNN that several prominent figures in Al-Shabaab -- including Sheikh Mukhtar Robow and Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys , two of its old guard -- now fear for their lives . Zubayr 's purge accelerated during the summer , leading Aweys to negotiate his surrender to authorities , apparently for his own protection . After Kenyan troops drove Al-Shabaab out of population centers in 2011 , pro-al Qaeda hawks within the group gained the upper hand . The loss of the port city of Kismayo , the source of much of Al-Shabaab 's income , weakened arguments that the group had too much to lose by embracing al Qaeda 's global jihad . One reason Zubayr has emerged triumphant in these internal battles is that he controls Al-Shabaab 's intelligence wing , known as Amniyat , a ruthless entity organized in cells and commanded by Mahad Mohamed Ali , also known as "  Karate . " Counterterrorism analysts say that as other units in the group have been weakened , Zubayr has come to rely heavily on Amniyat , into which he has poured resources and which he sees as the kernel for Al-Shabaab 's transformation into a regional al Qaeda affiliate . And that may ultimately be a source of vulnerability . Zubayr 's reliance on force in an organization that has long worked as a loose collective has made him a legion of enemies inside Somalia , and even led to criticism on some jihadist forums sympathetic to al Qaeda . After the Westgate attack , Kenyan and Western intelligence agencies will undoubtedly step up efforts to end Zubayr 's reign of terror . But he should not be underestimated . A former Somali prime minister , Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke , described Zubayr as the cleverest of Al-Shabaab 's leaders . AMANPOUR BLOG : What is al-Shabaab 's aim in Kenya attack ?	Al-Shabaab chief Mukhtar Abu Zubayr has a reputation for being secretive , merciless Zubayr , 36 , wants his group to be able to deliver devastating attacks beyond Somalia Last year , he formally declared Al-Shabaab an affiliate of al Qaeda Zubayr 's harsh tactics have led to dissent in his group , which he has ruthlessly suppressed
Born in Brooklyn , Zachary Fisher got into the construction business at age 16 . And he kept on building -- not just a business , but a reputation as one of America 's most generous donors to troops and veterans . Fisher died in June 1999 , but he and his family continue to have an impact through the Fisher House Foundation . This organization has stepped up , time and again , to help those who are serving or have served in the military . And it 's doing so again -- for the family members of those who die while serving . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel announced Wednesday that , sometime the day before , the Fisher House Foundation offered to make payments to relatives of fallen service members that have not been given out due to the partial government shutdown . The announcement came just after the U.S. House of Representatives voted unanimously to resume paying survivor benefits , which includes a $ 100,000 payment . Until a congressional agreement is finalized , the foundation will guarantee survivors "  the full set of benefits they have been promised , including a $ 100,000 death gratuity payment , " according to Hagel . Pentagon strikes deal with charity to pay military death benefits Whenever the government fully reopens -- or if the governments acts , in some other way before then -- the foundation will be reimbursed . The nonprofit groups relies heavily on donations . It 's offer to fill a breach is consistent with the organization 's efforts for decades to do right by U.S. military families . Zachary Fisher never served in the military ; a leg injury prevented him from enlisting in World War II , according to his official biography . Yet he helped the effort in other ways , including helping to build coastal fortifications . In the 1970s , he took his military-minded philanthropy to a new level . That includes , in 1978 , helping save the Intrepid aircraft carrier and making it the focal point of a floating military museum off Manhattan along the Hudson River . Four years later , the Zachary and Elizabeth M. Fisher Armed Services Foundation was born . This group did what its modern-day incarnation is doing now : giving to those hurt in the line of duty , including victims of the 1983 bombing of a Marine barracks in Beirut . The Fisher House program started in 1990 , at which time its founder was 80 years old . It quickly grew into the Fisher family 's biggest philanthropic effort yet , providing homes at bases and veterans affairs facilities around the United States and in Germany . According to its website , the organization has served more than 180,000 current and former military families since its inception -- including about 19,000 last year . Hospitals or military commanders decide who stay at the 62 Fisher Houses , which typically contain eight to 21 suites and can house 16 to 42 people at a time . Tenants remain for 10 days on average , though those injured in combat might stay for months . Wherever they 're staying , for however long , the cost is the same : $ 0 . The organization pays for all of it , estimating it has saved families  and the military  more than $ 200 million in lodging and transportation costs in the process . This and other efforts have n't gone unrecognized . Fisher also helped set up a child development center at Camp Pendleton , partnered with David Rockefeller to create the Fisher Center for Alzheimer 's Research and supported other causes such as the Metropolitan Opera , United Jewish Appeal and George C. Marshall Foundation . Five presidents honored Fisher for his philanthropy , including Bill Clinton who awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1998 . Said then-Defense Secretary of Defense William Cohen one year later , after Fisher 's death : "  His contributions will live on , and his legacy will be generations of gratitude from America 's military community . "	New York developer Zachary Fisher was a prominent philanthropist Many of his efforts supported troops and veterans , like the Fisher House That organization offers to pay death benefits to families of slain troops
CNN  -- A fast-developing storm spawned at least one tornado Sunday in Billings , Montana , ripping the roof off a massive entertainment complex and causing extensive damage in the region . No injuries were reported . Amateur video shows the funnel cloud hovering over the MetraPark venue -- home to a sports arena , expo center and other facilities -- kicking up debris and peeling away the roof of one of the complex 's buildings . Gov. Brian Schweitzer estimated that the roof damage could cost between $ 8 million and $ 15 million , but noted it was fortunate the arena was not hosting an event when the twister struck around 4:30 p.m.  6:30 p.m. ET  . The damaged building held a football game at the same time just a night earlier , he said . Meteorologist Keith Meier of the National Weather Service in Billings estimated the tornado to be as strong as an EF2 on the Enhanced Fujita scale , with winds estimated at more than 100 mph . Meier said the storm also produced quarter - to half-dollar-sized hail . Schweitzer plans to travel to the region Monday to survey the damage ; he said the National Guard is ready to assist in cleanup efforts if needed . CNN 's Jessica Jordan and Justin Lear contributed to this report .	No injuries reported from fast-developing storm Roof damage to MetraPark venue estimated to be as high $ 15 million Governor to tour affected region Monday
Beijing , China  CNN  -- In a round-table meeting with government advisers and researchers of a government-run think tank on April 14 , Premier Wen Jiabao enjoined them to listen to people 's voices and relay these truthfully to top leaders . Wen 's call to speak the truth comes at a time when the Chinese authorities are rounding up dissenters and muzzling whistle-blowers . A contradiction ? Analysts say Wen 's statement is designed to counter public scepticism and to warn officials against lying or pandering to higher ups . Others suggest it may just be part of Beijing 's crisis management . A People 's Daily commentary explains that Wen 's appeal is meant to elicit accurate assessment of the situation so authorities can deal with problems effectively . "  I do n't think it is in contradiction to the party 's crackdown on dissents , " says Wenfang Tang , a political science professor at Ohio University . "  Wen is trying to promote the legitimacy of the party , at least on the surface , whereas the dissidents want to destroy it . " In recent years , China has seen communist governments in Georgia , Ukraine and Kyrgyzstan swept by political turmoil called the "  color revolution " . Beijing has also watched authoritarian regimes in the Middle East and North Africa toppled by popular uprisings . The fall of these regimes has raised the spectre of a Chinese "  jasmine revolution . " That does not seem likely -- yet . More than 30 years after Chairman Mao 's death , the Communist regime has built one of the most successful authoritarian governments in the world , delivering double-digit economic growth while keeping its one-party grip . Still , China 's leaders fear outbreaks of luan  chaos  . "  They are not complacent , " says a retired Communist Party official , who declined to be identified . "  They may disagree on the ways and means but they agree on one goal that anti-government acts will be nipped in the bud at all cost . They do not care what other people and countries will say . " They have good reasons to fret . The country is grappling with high inflation , endemic corruption , growing pollution concerns and a widening gap between the rich and the poor . They fear outbreak of ethnic strife in Tibet and Xinjiang , which experienced bloody street riots in 2008 and 2009 , respectively . China 's leaders have been trying to ease the pressure . "  Their calculation is that if the government can keep the economy growing and jobs and wages increasing , the legitimacy of the CCP will be maintained , " says China-watcher Drew Thompson . "  But the challenges of growing social injustice , environmental damage and sustaining high economic growth will continue to haunt the leaders . " To avoid its own "  jasmine revolution , " Beijing is taking firm measures to nip dissent in the bud . Police have detained scores of dissidents , including lawyers and prominent artist Ai Weiwei . Censors block Internet and social networking sites like YouTube , Facebook and Twitter . At the same time , Chinese leaders try to project a sense of calm and normalcy . Party insiders say this tactic is known as neijin waisong -- "  tight inside , appearing lax from the outside . " At the press conference at the end of the annual session of China 's legislature last month , I asked Premier Wen if he thought political reform was urgently needed so the leadership could better address the people 's grievances and avert social unrest . The solution , he replied , was political reform -- but reform that is gradual and led by the Communist Party . "  It 's not easy to pursue political restructuring in a country of 1.3 billion people , " he said . "  It needs to take place in an orderly way , under the leadership of the party . " Wen added : "  At present , I think the biggest danger lies in corruption , and eliminating the breeding ground of corruption needs systemic and structural reform . " Premier Wen is not necessarily pushing for radical political reforms , analysts say . Instead , says the retired Communist Party official , "  he advocates transparency and accountability so as to effectively solve problems , avoid chaos and consolidate the Party 's leadership . " Wen 's admirers say he is a reformist at heart . However , he sounds like a lonely voice among China 's top leaders . Wu Bangguo , chairman of China 's parliament and No. 2 in the party 's hierarchy , in March ruled out the possibility of a multi-party democracy in China . Says Professor Wenfang Tang : "  The question is whether Wen 's effort to promote inner-party democracy will have a spill-over effect on political opposition outside the party . His style is different from Hu Jintao 's and other technocrats . He is emotional and immensely popular , likes to appear in front of cameras and create sound bites . " Some observers wonder if Wen 's pronouncement is just part of a "  good cop , bad cop " charade , with Wen playing the reform-minded leader and President Hu Jintao playing the hard liner . But there may be one other reason why the 69-year-old Wen feels freer to speak out in recent months . His two five-year terms will end in March 2013 , after which he is expected to go into semi-retirement .	Premier Wen Jiabao tells government advisers and researchers : "  Speak the truth " Comes at a time when Chinese authorities are rounding up dissenters Beijing has built one of the world 's most successful authoritarian regimes Official : "  Wen  advocates transparency and accountability so as to ... solve problems "
CNN  -- What would you see if you could fly over Mars in a plane and look out the window ? Victoria Crater as seen by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter . The crater is about half a mile in diameter . It must be something like the thousands of curious , intriguing and spectacular images taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment  HiRISE  camera mounted on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter . The University of Arizona , Tucson , which operates HiRISE , has just released a new batch of these photos taken in the last several months . You can check out the full set here . They reveal an alien landscape of craters , valleys , ridges , channels , weird surface patterns and other features in incredible detail . Take the stunning image on the left , which shows the muffin-cup-like Victoria Crater , a site once explored by the Mars rover Opportunity . The camera is n't looking straight down , but is pointed 22 degrees east so we get a better view of the crater 's slopes , "  comparable to a view from an airplane window , " the university says . Looking at some of the photos , you feel like you 're flying over the Grand Canyon or the Sahara . Others are distinctly extraterrestrial in nature . In all cases , the images reveal lots of details about the surface of our neighbor in the solar system . "  Each full image from HiRISE covers a strip of Martian ground 6 kilometers  3.7 miles  wide , about two to four times that long , showing details as small as 1 meter , or yard , across , " according to NASA 's Web site . It might be the closest thing to visiting Mars without leaving your chair .	Photos were taken by a camera mounted on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter They show an alien landscape of craters , valleys , ridges in incredible detail A new batch of these photos taken in the last several months has just been released
DURHAM , North Carolina  CNN  -- An operation to remove a malignant tumor from Sen. Edward Kennedy 's brain was successful , and the Democrat should suffer no permanent damage from the procedure , his surgeon reported Monday . Sen. Edward Kennedy , right , leaves a Boston hospital with his son Patrick on May 21 . The patient himself expressed satisfaction . "  I feel like a million bucks , " Kennedy said after the surgery , according to a family spokesperson . "  I think I 'll do that again tomorrow . " Kennedy 's doctor 's statement focused on the 3 1/2 - hour operation , which was performed at Duke University Medical Center in Durham , North Carolina . "  I am pleased to report that Sen. Kennedy 's surgery was successful and accomplished our goals , " Dr. Allan Friedman said in a written statement issued after the procedure . "  Sen. Kennedy was awake during the resection , and should therefore experience no permanent neurological effects from the surgery . " Friedman called the resection "  just the first step " in Kennedy 's treatment plan , which is to include radiation and chemotherapy , to be carried out at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston . Paging Dr. Gupta Blog : Mapping Ted Kennedy 's brain The 76-year-old Massachusetts senator , patriarch of one of the leading families of American politics , said in a written statement earlier that he expected to remain in the hospital for about a week after surgery . He is also expected to undergo radiation and chemotherapy . During such surgery , doctors locate the areas of the brain responsible for key attributes such as movement and speech , and map them to ensure they avoid cutting in those areas . They then attempt to resect as much of the tumor as they believe they can safely remove . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta explain possible treatment " During such operations -- which Friedman and the Duke hospital are known for -- surgeons typically ask a patient to identify objects in pictures or make a certain movement , such as squeezing a hand to make sure areas of the brain involving speech and movement are not being impaired . Kennedy , a senator since 1962 , suffered a seizure May 17 while walking his dogs at his home in Hyannisport , Massachusetts . Three days later , Kennedy 's doctors at Massachusetts General said preliminary results from a brain biopsy showed a tumor in the left parietal lobe was responsible for the seizure . Friedman is chief of the division of neurosurgery and co-director of Duke 's Neuro-Oncology Program , according to the hospital 's Web site . He is responsible for more than 90 percent of all tumor removals and biopsies conducted at Duke , the Web site says . A tumor in the left parietal lobe could affect the senator 's ability to speak and understand speech as well as the strength on the right side of his body , said CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta . Hear iReporter describes what gave him strength through brain cancer battle Gupta said such tumors do n't usually metastasize or spread to other parts of the body . "  What they do do -- and I think that 's a concern to people -- is that they grow , and sometimes they invade other normal parts of the brain . That is the big concern here , " he said . Malignant glioma is the most common primary brain tumor , accounting for more than half of the 18,000 primary malignant brain tumors diagnosed each year in the United States , according to the National Cancer Institute . An expert explains potential complications " Kennedy is the brother of President John F. Kennedy , who was assassinated in Dallas in 1963 , and New York Sen. Robert Kennedy , who was assassinated while seeking the White House in 1968 . Though his own attempt to seek the presidency failed , Edward Kennedy has built a reputation as one of the most effective lawmakers in the Senate . Kennedy 's Monday statement focused on the current presidential race as well his surgery . "  After completing treatment , I look forward to returning to the United States Senate and to doing everything I can to help elect Barack Obama as our next president , " he said . Obama , the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination , described Kennedy as a "  giant " of the Senate when the tumor was diagnosed . "  I think you can argue that I would not be sitting here as a presidential candidate had it not been for some of the battles that Ted Kennedy has fought , " Obama said . "  He is somebody who battled for voting rights and civil rights when I was a child . I stand on his shoulders . " Obama 's rival , Sen. Hillary Clinton , said Kennedy 's courage and resolve made him one of the greatest legislators in Senate history . "  He 's a fighter . There is n't anybody like him who gets up and goes out and does battle on behalf of all of us every single day , " Clinton said . "  I know he 's a fighter when it comes to the challenges he 's facing right now . " Sen. John McCain , the presumed GOP presidential nominee , also offered his thoughts and prayers for Kennedy 's family . "  I have described Ted Kennedy as the last lion in the Senate . And I have held that view because he remains the single most effective member of the Senate , " McCain said . President Bush said in a statement he would keep the senator in his prayers . "  Laura and I are concerned to learn of our friend Sen. Kennedy 's diagnosis . Ted Kennedy is a man of tremendous courage , remarkable strength and powerful spirit . Our thoughts are with Sen. Kennedy and his family during this difficult period , " he said . Kennedy had surgery in October to clear his carotid artery in hopes of preventing a stroke . Until the seizure , the powerful Democrat appeared in fine health . He suffers chronic back pain from injuries suffered in a 1964 plane crash . CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta and correspondent Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	NEW : Kennedy should not have any "  permanent neurological effects " from surgery NEW : "  I feel like a million bucks , " senator reportedly says after surgery Chemotherapy and radiation will follow surgery in North Carolina , statement says Kennedy expected to stay at Duke hospital for about a week
CNN  -- Ramin Bastani believed he was about to get lucky . A woman he 'd met earlier that night was making her way toward his bedroom . Suddenly , he hesitated . It did n't go unnoticed . "  What 's your deal ? Are you gay ? " the woman asked . No . He was n't gay . "  What is it ? " she wondered . "  Oh my gosh ! Do you have an STD ? " No , it was n't that either . Alarmed , she stepped away from him . "  Oh my God ! Yes , you do . You have an STD , " he recalls her saying emphatically . Bastani confessed what was bothering him -- he barely knew this woman . "  No , " he told her . "  I 'm afraid you might . " She slapped him across the face and walked out of the room . It 's the kind of awkward moment a lot of men might prefer to forget , but for Bastani it was the impetus for starting his company , Qpid.me , a free website that lets users text and share their verified sexually transmitted disease results with potential partners . "  I remember sitting back thinking , ` There 's got to be a better way , ' " Bastani says . At any given time , there are 110 million sexually transmitted infections among men and women across the nation , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Young people contract half of all new cases . They 're also tech-savvy , and that 's driving the development of new high-tech STD prevention tools geared toward them . Qpid.me users can share their verified test results for HIV , chlamydia , gonorrhea and syphilis . Their status comes directly from their own U.S. health care provider . It shows when they got tested and includes a disclaimer that notes the user may have had sex since then . The company promotes the service as a way to "  spread the love , nothing else . " It 's a modern , flirtatious version of "  I 'll show you mine , if you show me yours , " Bastiani says , that can make would-be lovers more attractive to each other . "  We 're lining the idea of getting tested with actually getting more action , " he says . Another STD tech tool helps people have difficult conversations with past lovers . Studies show 23 % of partners of people diagnosed with STDs are ever warned they might also be at risk . At sotheycanknow.org , users can provide that warning anonymously by e-mail for free . "  There is obviously a lot of anxiety with talking to a past partner about a diagnosis , particularly if you 're not close to that person , or if it was a casual partner , or if it was someone that you had a falling out with , " says Jenny McManus , the company 's director of operations . "  We 're hoping to get those patients who would n't normally tell their partners to do it through our anonymous service . " The U.S.-based service lets users notify former partners about chlamydia , gonorrhea and trichomoniasis . The anonymous e-mail has information about the STD exposure and where the recipient can go to get tested . Users are asked to certify that they are sending the e-mail for the right reasons , but the site does n't require the results to be verified . Recipients can report misuse of the service to the company . For users who are willing to speak to their former sex partners , the site also offers scripts for the difficult discussion . Another STD tech tool out there is an app called STD Triage . Worried you might have symptoms of an STD ? This service lets you take a picture of a rash , for example , on your private parts , and for about $ 40 , you can send it in and get a response back from a doctor within a day about what it might be . The app screens for STDs that result in physical symptoms such as syphilis , herpes and genital warts . Twenty-five percent of the images screened are actually STDs , the company says . Often the images show something else entirely , such as an infected hair follicle . "  There are a lot of worried people out there , " says the company 's founder , Alexander Borve . "  People actually think they have an infection and they do n't . " The service is available internationally . The screenings are not definitive -- they only provide potential diagnoses . The results include information about what the user may be experiencing and recommendations for treatment , including when to see a dermatologist or visit an STD clinic to have the diagnosis verified . "  We 're not a diagnostic service . We 're not trying to substitute the doctor relationship , " Borve says . "  We 're getting the right patient at the right time to the right level of health care . "	Users can text and share STD test results with potential partners You can also e-mail former partners anonymously to tell them to get tested An app enlists a doctor 's help if you 're worried you might have an STD
CNN  -- The chance to run a marathon through the capital city of the world 's most mysterious country was too good an opportunity to pass up . So , when the 27th annual Mangyongdae Prize Marathon , held in Pyongyang last weekend , was thrown open to amateur runners from outside North Korea for the first time , I made sure I had packed my running gear . Officials said that runners from 27 foreign countries took part , but the experience was n't just unique for the few of us who had made the trip . From the moment we arrived in the reclusive Stalinist state , we were met with a mixture of fascinated stares and wary expressions . Outside the imposing Kim II Sung stadium , where the race began , we had the chance to have our photos taken with spectators and North Korean runners alike . Posing with the race 's local contestants really emphasized the stark contrast between the Koreans and us -- while we were kitted out in all manner of fluorescent brand-name sports gear , the North Koreans wore drab kits and ancient , battered running shoes . Before the start gun , all 1,000 racers -- local , foreign , amateur and professional -- paraded through a capacity crowd of 50,000 spectators inside the stadium . Expressions in the crowd were a mixture of smiles and bemusement , with no shortage of laughter at how out of place the tourists looked as we struggled to keep in formation . Two worlds The look of wonderment was mutual , as we cautiously waved at the crowds who replied with cheers and waves of their own . At this point my pre-race nerves were overtaken by the surreal realization that I was taking part in the DPRK 's foremost athletics event . During the short opening ceremony and as we prepared to set off , runners were told not to take any photos . Good thing too , as we endured one false start -- much to the hilarity of the crowd and the obvious displeasure of race officials . The course allowed us an up-close and personal view of the streets of Pyongyang , as well as its residents . Plenty of high fives , "  hellos " and "  anneyongs "  Korean for "  hi "  were exchanged between runners and spectators , as well as the ubiquitous puzzled looks . Unlike most distance running events , there were no barriers along the way and no sponsorship billboards -- essentially we were just out running the streets , directed around the course by race officials . Close up , the only way to describe Pyongyang is as though it 's stuck in a 60s time warp . The real Pyongyang I thought we might have only run on the grandest and smartest streets in the city , but in reality we took some pretty uninspiring roads past some very dismal and empty-looking tower blocks . Unlike other marathons I 'd attended in China and the UK , this race lacked facilities such as portable toilets . Instead , certain buildings that lined the route were designated runners ' toilets -- some were actually located on the second floor of buildings and as far as 50 meters from the road . As we ran through the streets of the city we got a close up view of North Korean urban society . Row after row of expressionless uniformed soldiers marching in unison , right behind groups of giggling school children waving to us , as well as weather-beaten faces of the older generation , who occasionally showed us a toothless grin . Unlike inside of the stadium , the crowds seemed to be regular residents , although it 's worth remembering that Pyongyang resident are the very upper echelons of North Korean society . "  I think it 's a rare chance to observe and interact with North Koreans even if you 're running through a planned route , " Alexandra Wu , from Canada but living in Beijing , told me after the race . "  I almost feel like I bonded with the locals ... even if just to a very small extent . " Unique running event Before the race itself , there had been some confusion over the cut-off time for the marathon , ranging from three and a half to four hours . I made it round in a little over four , by which time the course had become very sparse . This meant that for some stretches I was actually running alone on a Pyongyang street a few feet from workers passing by on rickety bicycles and elderly women hand in hand with their grandchildren . Had I been a few minutes slower I would n't actually have been allowed to officially cross the finish line in the stadium -- a few behind me did n't manage to complete the race in time , despite having already run so far . This is quite different to major city marathons where runners are often allowed up to seven or eight hours . Sadly , I was n't able get a picture perfect finish side by side with a North Korean -- they 'd all finished well ahead of me -- but I did get 50,000 Korean spectators in the stadium cheering me across the line . It symbolized what was , from start to finish , a good-natured event and demonstrated the unifying quality of sport , particularly one as universal as running . The event is by no means a fun-run , as the four hour cut-off time might suggest . Only about 30 foreign amateurs went for the full marathon , and it seemed like each amateur Korean was there to race . There were n't any runners in ridiculous costumes , or TV cameras to document it or taking part medals for runners , but given the circumstances this is to be expected . In terms of city marathons the scale was very small , but it was well organized . Bizarre , fascinating experience "  For me it was a uniquely bizarre , fascinating experience , " Jasmine , a Beijing-based American runner told me . "  Obviously we are getting a one-sided view of the country but it 's at least one perspective , one glimpse into the country . Meeting just one friendly foreigner , one conversation can have a big impression . And I must say that the guides were amazing and I greatly value the candid conversations I was able to have with them . "	Amateur foreign runners invited to 27th annual Mangyongdae Prize Marathon for the first time Athletes from 27 countries took part , officials say Race a bizarre experience which covered a wide swathe of Pyongyang
Think twice before you throw out your leftovers , those scraps could form the basis of a spiced apple chutney or a luscious raspberry jam . London-based company , Rubies in the Rubble , concoct luxury preserves out of food destined for the garbage can . Founder , Jenny Dawson , made her first batch of chutney out of leftovers in 2010 and since then the brand has flown off the shelves in high-end outlets such as Fortnum & Mason , Harvey Nichols and Selfridges . But how do you transform food waste into an in-demand product ? CNN : What inspired you to start the project ? Jenny Dawson : I was researching food waste in 2010 and realized the scale of it , the implications both financially and environmentally . I wanted to do something about it . With my own eyes , I saw mountains of mangoes coming in from Kenya which looked perfect to me but for some reason they were being thrown away . It evoked a reaction in me . I thought there must be something I can do with this - I want to make a brand that champion-s things that others overlook . CNN : What inspired to you to turn this project into a business ? JD : People were saying why do n't you become a charity ? But I was really passionate about becoming a business that solved social problems . We live in a capitalist society where businesses take change and I was hoping we could be an example of a business that really made a social impact throughout our supply chain . CNN : How has the response been so far ? JD : There 's been an amazing response to our product , people really get behind it . In general , the supermarkets as well as the UK government have really gone behind it - people talk about it now and are trying to address this . People are really aware of it ... they want to change and become responsible for what they 're consuming . WATCH : Funding 80 start-ups at once READ MORE : Groceries sent right to the trunk of your car READ MORE : 7 insider tips from the new startup cities	Rubies in the Rubble is a luxury preserve brand that turns food waste into delicious chutneys and jams After researching food waste in 2010 , founder Jenny Dawson sought to tackle the growing problem of excessive food waste The business now sells a selection of preserves through high-end outlets such as Selfridges and Harvey Nichols
CNN  -- To most of us , golden Aviator sunglasses , sleek wireless headphones , a Louis Vuitton bag and a private jet flight better suit the life of a Hollywood star than a holy Buddhist ascetic . Yet Thailand 's so-called "  jet-set monk , " 34-year old Luang Pu Nenkham , who claimed to be the reincarnation of a respected monk who lived several decades ago , is accused of ignoring his Buddhist vows of celibacy and a simple , moral living , as evidenced in video that showed up on youtube about two months ago . Thailand 's Department of Special Investigation  DSI  , a division of the Ministry of Justice , tells CNN it believes the video was shot by one of the monks on the plane , passed around and posted anonymously . Thai authorities , in an investigation , uncovered a mind-boggling list of assets that they say a man sworn to austerity should not possess . Nenkham , now stripped of his religious leadership , owned at least 83 automobiles and a list of properties that include plots of land , houses and condominiums , according to the DSI . Thai authorities believe more properties have yet to be accounted . Authorities also estimate at least 300 million baht , or nearly $ 10 million , have disappeared from Nenkham 's bank accounts in recent days . Donations over the past decade , from poor supporters as well as rich backers , had helped Nenkham amass his total wealth , according to investigators . On Wednesday , Thai authorities took action issuing a arrest warrant for the former holy man . Nenkham , who also goes by the name Weerapol Sukpol , now faces charges of violating Thailand 's computer crime act by posting "  deceitful information , " having sex with a minor and rape , authorities say . A female plaintiff who claimed Nenkham had sex with her when she was 14 years old submitted a request for a DNA test for her 11-year old son , says Tharit Pengdit , Director General of the Department of Special Investigation . They are still awaiting results . Nenkham 's bank accounts also continue to be under investigation because of an unusually large amount of bank transactions , add Thai authorities . Nenkham is now believed to be in the United States and in California , according to an "  intelligent source , " says DSI . The fugitive owns a Buddhist retreat some 75 miles south of Los Angeles . We have been unable to reach Nenkham for comment . On Thursday , CNN went to where the monk is believed to be staying . While they offered no official statement , one resident monk said Nenkham had not been seen at the retreat in three months . A second monk said Nenkham had not visited for a year . As the manhunt for the fugitive monk gathers steam , Thailand 's Department of Special Investigations tells CNN it has requested 114 financial institutions , land and transport departments to seize all of his assets . Thai authorities have also requested U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to revoke Nenkham 's visa , DSI 's Pengdit told CNN , and will ask U.S. authorities to arrest and remand him into Thai custody . Ramy Inocencio wrote this article in Hong Kong . Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok .	34-year old Thai Buddhist monk accused of lavish , immoral lifestyle Arrest warrant out for Luang Pu Nenkham for having sex with minor , rape Leaked video of monk on luxury private jet first attracted Thai authorities Monk believed to be in California , according to Thai authorities
CNN  Connect the dots , piece together the paths of terrorists . That 's one challenge for authorities in the wake of last week 's bloodshed in France . Understanding what happened is one thing . Understanding why it happened requires not just knowing the players involved but also their backgrounds and how they were linked . And , according to authorities and sources , the links extend between the suspects in the Paris shootings and some of biggest names in the terror world . They have been tied to two of the world 's biggest and strongest terrorist groups : al Qaeda and ISIS . The names Cherif Kouachi , Said Kouachi , Amedy Coulibaly and Hayat Boumeddiene are now known around the world , with three of them dead and the fourth -- Boumeddiene -- being sought . Here 's what they did and their relationship to one other . CHERIF KOUACHI Who was he ? Like his brother , Said , the 32-year-old French citizen of Algerian descent was born in Paris and raised in orphanages and foster homes from a young age . Reports in French media described him as a rap fan more interested in chasing girls than going to the mosque -- at least until he became a student of well-known French spiritual leader Farid Benyettou . Where did he go ? French Justice Minister Christiane Taubira told CNN that one of the Kouachi brothers had been in Yemen in 2005 , but did not say which one . On Friday , shortly before his death as police stormed the building where he and his brother had holed up , Cherif Kouachi told CNN affiliate BFMTV that he 'd trained in Yemen with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  . The United States believes Cherif Kouachi traveled to Yemen in 2011 , but investigators are still trying to confirm that the trip happened and corroborate details with other intelligence , a U.S. official said . In 2005 , he was arrested for being part of a jihadist recruitment ring in Paris that sent fighters to join the conflict in Iraq . The arrest came not long before he and another man were about to set off for Syria en route to Iraq , where war was raging . Evidence suggests Cherif Kouachi traveled to Syria and returned to France in August 2014 , a French source close to that nation 's security services told CNN . Who did he know ? In his conversation with BFMTV , Cherif Kouachi said he met with Anwar al-Awlaki , the American-born Muslim who was the face of AQAP until he was killed in the fall of 2011 in a U.S. drone strike . While in pretrial detention before his eventual conviction of being part of a jihadist recruitment ring , Cherif met Djamel Beghal , who was in prison for his role in an attempted attack against the U.S. Embassy in Paris in 2001 . Beghal , a French Algerian , was once known as al Qaeda 's premiere European recruiter . Cherif Kouachi and Amedy Coulibaly were also close associates , according to court documents obtained by CNN , which show that French authorities knew alarming details about them as recently as a year ago . Once they were freed from prison , they would visit Beghal , bringing him food and money and sometimes spending days at his apartment . Boumeddiene was also part of the visits . Cherif Kouachi and Coulibaly hid their conversations by using code names over disposable cell phones , according to the court documents . SAID KOUACHI Who was he ? Like his brother , Cherif , the 34-year-old French citizen grew up an orphan . Mohammed Benali , who runs the mosque in Gennevilliers , the suburb where Cherif Kouachi had an apartment , said the two brothers used to come to Friday prayers there "  not assiduously but regularly . " He told Le Figaro that he knew Said Kouachi better , but that he had n't seen either of the brothers at the mosque in at least two years . He said the older brother was "  a very reserved man , " but he recalled one angry outburst in the mosque when the imam encouraged the faithful to vote in the presidential election . Said Kouachi "  had an angry reaction , he left the prayer room and voiced his disagreement , " Benali said . "  For these lunatics , when we practice and teach moderate Islam -- actual Islam -- we 're nonbelievers . " Where did he go ? A senior Yemeni national security official told CNN that Said Kouachi entered Yemen multiple times with an officially issued visa , during which time he was "  not being watched . " Kouachi first went to Yemen in 2009 , said Yemeni journalist and researcher Mohammed al-Kibsi . Officials have n't confirmed a connection between the two . He stayed there until mid-2010 before leaving briefly and returning at the end of that year . He remained in Yemen most of 2011 , according to Kibsi , who said he met the man twice . U.S. officials have said Said Kouachi spent several months in Yemen in 2011 , receiving weapons training and working with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Al-Kibsi said he saw Kouachi again in 2012 , in the old city of Sanaa at another Arabic language center . USA Today reported that Said Kouachi traveled to Syria . Who did he know ? While in Yemen , he lived in the same apartment as convicted underwear bomber Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , journalist al-Kibsi said . This would have had to have been before December 2009 , when AbdulMutallab was detained in Detroit after his commercial airline bombing plot failed . Kouachi said that he and AbdulMutallab used to pray together at Yemen 's al-Tabari School , and that they shared an apartment for one to two weeks in Yemen , according to al-Kibisi . Kouachi was studying Arabic grammar at the Sanaa Arabic Grammar Institute , al-Kibisi said . CNN does not have official confirmation that Said Kouachi knew AbdulMutallab , a Nigerian national who , authorities said at his U.S. trial , told the FBI that he that he had links to Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula It 's also possible that he met al-Awlaki while in Yemen . Last year alone , his wife exchanged 500 phone calls with at-large suspect Hayat Boumeddiene , according to Paris prosecutor Francois Molin . The wife told investigators that her husband and suspect Amedy Coulibaly knew each other well . AMEDY COULIBALY Who was he ? The 32-year-old went by the alias Doly Gringny . Before this week , he was known to French authorities dating back at least to his May 18 , 2010 , arrest for his involvement in an attempt to free an Algerian serving time for a 1995 subway bombing , according to court documents obtained by CNN . Where did he go ? Little is known about Coulibaly 's travels , beyond that he and girlfriend Hayat Boumeddiene traveled to Malaysia together . Who did he know ? At the time of his 2010 arrest for the prison break plot , he had 240 rounds of ammunition for a Kalishnikov and photo of himself with Beghal . Cherif Kouachi was also implicated in the prison plot , but he denied involvement and was not jailed for that . In court documents , Coulibaly was described as a logistics expert in charge of accumulating weapons and arms for the prison break plot . Police also found computers with security and encryption and recipes for poison purportedly capable of killing a million people . He was sentenced to four years in prison but released early . Last week , after he was killed during his attack on a kosher grocery store in Paris , police again raided his apartment and found a cache of arms and detonators . Before he was killed by police , Amedy Coulibaly purportedly told CNN affiliate BFMTV by phone that he belonged to ISIS , or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , the terror group trying to create a fundamentalist religious state across Sunni areas in those two countries . That information has n't been corroborated by authorities , and it 's not known whether he knew any leaders or members of that terrorist group . Coulibaly shared a residence with Boumeddiene , and they traveled to Malaysia together , the source said . HAYAT BOUMEDDIENE Who is she ? The French newspaper Le Monde posted photos purporting to show the 26-year-old Boumeddiene in 2010 , in a rural location , wearing a niqab and holding a weapon that appears to be a crossbow . A niqab is a head-to-toe black covering a woman 's body completely except for the eyes . CNN has not independently confirmed the authenticity of the stills . In one of the photos , a woman Le Monde identifies as Boumeddiene is shown in a niqab is posing near cheek-to-cheek with Coulibaly in what the newspaper called a selfie . French authorities said they wanted her in connection with Thursday killing of a policewoman in Montrouge . But now it 's come out that she may not have even been in France at the time . She 's still wanted by authorities in connection with the attack . A neighbor in a southern Paris suburb said she seemed kind and polite , always wearing a veil and often motoring around on a scooter with her romantic partner Amedy Coulibaly . Where did she go ? Beyond traveling to Malaysia with Coulibaly , Boumeddiene 's official travel history in recent years is sparse . Boumeddiene is believed to have left for Turkey "  of course to reach Syria " at the beginning of the year , according to a French source close to the nation 's security services . She was tracked by Turkish authorities to a location near the Turkey-Syria border , according to an official in the Turkish Prime Minister 's office . Boumeddiene arrived at the Istanbul airport on a flight from Madrid on January 2 with a man . During routine screening of passengers , the couple were flagged by Turkey 's Risk Assessment Center and a decision made to maintain surveillance on their movements , the official said . Who did she know ? Boumeddiene exchanged 500 phone calls with the wife of Cherif Kouachi in 2014 , according to Paris prosecutor Francois Molins . The wife told investigators that her husband and Coulibaly knew each other well . CNN 's Josh Levs , Michael Martinez , Barbara Starr , Nick Paton Walsh , Evan Perez , Lonzo Cook , Scott Bronstein , Drew Griffin and Deborah Feyerick and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	Court documents detail 2010 prison break plot Of the four suspects in connection with the Paris attacks , two were brothers ; the other two were boyfriend-girlfriend The four were linked to each other , and reportedly to al Qaeda and ISIS
Russian authorities are failing to protect gay people from persecution and are not prosecuting the perpetrators of a growing number of homophobic attacks , Human Rights Watch says in a new report . Its report calls for a July 2013 anti-gay propaganda law to be repealed , saying many lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people interviewed for the report had noticed an increase in persecution since last year . The 2013 legislation bans "  propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations around minors . " This means the public discussion of gay rights and relationships , anywhere children might hear it , is prohibited . Russian and international rights groups have condemned it as highly discriminatory . Many of the LGBT interviewees for the report released Monday reported increased stigma , harassment and violence against them since 2013 , the rights group says . "  The law effectively legalized discrimination against LGBT people and cast them as second-class citizens , " it says . "  Instead of publicly denouncing anti-LGBT violence and rhetoric , Russia 's leadership has remained silent . In some cases public officials have engaged in explicit anti-LGBT hate speech . " The report says that 22 of the 78 victims of homophobic and transphobic violence and harassment did not report attacks to police , as they did not think they would be taken seriously . Law enforcement bodies can prosecute such violence under Russia 's hate crime laws , Human Rights Watch says , but not one of the cases documented in the report was investigated as a hate crime . The rights group describes anti-LGBT groups made up of "  radical nationalist men " luring gay men and children on fake dates before holding them against their will and humiliating them . "  In other cases , LGBT people described being physically attacked by strangers on the subway , on the street , at nightclubs , and , in one case , at a job interview , " its report says . A transgender woman , referred to in the report as "  Risa R , " is quoted as saying she was abducted and brutally assaulted in St. Petersburg in 2013 . "  They kept calling me a ` faggot ' and telling me how much they hated gays . I told them repeatedly that I was n't gay , that I was a transgender woman , but they did not want to listen , " she says . "  One of them said , ` You 're nothing but a faggot . We will get your brain straight right now . ' Several times they threatened to rape me . Then they took pliers from their car and ripped out two of my toenails . Afterwards , they said , ` Now you will be better off . Now you will be pretty . ' " Human Rights Watch says Risa explained that she had not gone to police because she had "  no illusions that the police would investigate . " It quotes an LGBT activist from Pervouralsk , Gleb Latnik , as saying he had reported to police soon after he had been attacked . "  His injuries were visible -- there was significant bruising on his forehead , there were bruises under his eyes , and one eye was swollen shut , " the report says . "  The police officer who took his complaint said to him , ` It 's all right , you 're gay so it 's normal that you were attacked . Why would you need to file a complaint against anyone ? ' " "  Violence experienced by LGBT people in Russia is unmistakably motivated by homophobia , but the authorities deliberately ignore that these are hate crimes and fail to protect victims , " Human Rights Watch 's Tanya Cooper said . The report includes responses from the Russian Prosecutor General 's Office and Russian Interior Ministry , and the rights group said neither agency collected statistical data about attacks specifically committed against LGBT people . This month , President Vladimir Putin met with Russian human rights groups , telling them that Russia 's priority was "  a healthy traditional family and a healthy nation . " He said that did not mean that it would persecute those "  of a nontraditional orientation . " "  People have tried to stick this label on us , even people who use criminal law to persecute people of nontraditional orientation . Some U.S. states make it a crime , and though as far as I know these laws are not actually applied and the Supreme Court has suspended them , but they are nevertheless still on the books . We have no criminal penalties , " he said . Putin said that no one should face discrimination in Russia . "  All people here have political rights , social rights , rights to employment , and no one should face discrimination , " he said . "  But our strategic choice is for traditional families , healthy families and a healthy nation . One does not exclude the other and does not hinder the other . I think this is a balanced approach and is entirely the right approach . "	A Human Rights Watch report says Russia has failed to prevent homophobic violence It blames a growing number of attacks on a 2013 anti-gay propaganda law Authorities are failing to use hate crime legislation to prosecute offenders , the report says Russia 's President has said no one should face discrimination , calls "  traditional families " priority
CNN  -- The death of World Wrestling Entertainment superstar Edward Fatu , who wrestled under the name "  Umaga , " has sparked discussion in wrestling circles over the rigors of the sport . Fatu , 36 , died Friday of a heart attack in a hospital in Houston , Texas , a family friend confirmed . Also known as "  The Samoan Bulldozer , " the 6-foot-4-inch , 350-pound wrestler earned a reputation for executing moves with more ease than one might expect from someone his size , facing off in high-profile bouts with WWE celebrities such as Triple H and Ric Flair . "  He was basically known for being an athletic , big man who carried some extra weight around , but moved very well for a guy his size , " said Kevin Eck , an assistant sports editor of the Baltimore Sun who also runs its professional-wrestling blog , Ring Posts . Comments on Eck 's blog range from messages of condolences to speculation over whether drugs were involved and the struggles wrestlers grapple with outside of the ring . " -LSB- H -RSB- ardly do we realize what do these wrestlers go through ... not that long ago he looked as if he could go on for 20 years in the ring looking as vicious as he was , " one post says . Fatu worked on and off for the WWE for several years before the organization terminated his contract in June for violating the WWE 's Wellness Program and refusing to enter rehab , the WWE said on its Web site , without providing specifics . The organization offered its condolences to Fatu 's family in a brief statement on its site . Details of Fatu 's death have not been released , but Eck said the death highlights a larger problem of professional wrestlers dying in their 30s and 40s . Fatu 's death comes less than nine months after Canadian pro wrestler Andrew Test Martin reportedly died of a drug overdose , and follows a string of high-profile deaths in the past decade , including those of Chris Benoit and Eddie Guerrero . "  It 's happening a lot more frequently in the sport than it ever did , and it 's a huge problem , " Eck said . "  If this was Major League Baseball and you had guys dropping dead under 40 , it would be a much bigger deal -- but because it 's wrestling , it flies under the radar . " Though wrestlers today have more support systems available through the WWE and other groups , the rigors of the sport have increased dramatically compared to the days of Capt. Lou Albano , who died this year at 76 , Eck said . "  The expectations for what wrestlers are supposed to look like have evolved . In Albano 's day , some were in good shape , some were not , but you did n't see the superhuman physiques like you started seeing in the 80s , " he said . As the industry has gone global , wrestlers also are traveling more and going farther than they did pre-WWE , when wrestlers and promoters worked within limited territories , he said . And the demands in the ring are higher than ever . "  You could get by with doing less back in the day , you did n't see a lot of high-risk maneuvers . And as it has evolved , so has the need to do more risky-looking stunts , and that 's why guys get a lot of bumps and bruises , and you can sort of make the correlation that that leads to more painkillers . " In an interview with CNN after Albano 's death , WWE spokesman Robert Zimmerman said the organization provides medical assistance and financial guidance through the WWE 's Wellness Program to all its wrestlers , even though they are considered independent contractors . "  If they 're injured on the job in the ring , we take care of their medical expenses and get them to the best doctors possible , " Zimmerman said . "  In addition to their physical well-being , we also take them through financial counseling and financial workshops so they know what to do with their money as far as income , earnings and sponsorships . And those are just a few aspects of the program . " To friends and family , Fatu was a devoted family man who was looking forward to spending more time with his children after leaving the WWE . "  He had his demons , but he found a lot of strength in his family , " said family friend and former WWE personality Dawn Marie Psaltis . "  He comes from a long line of professional wrestlers and did his family proud . " Psaltis , the founder of Wrestlers Rescue , a support group for aging and retired wrestlers , says Fatu 's death highlights the unique struggles that wrestlers face as independent contractors who do n't receive the benefits of athletes or professional actors . Like many wrestlers , Fatu did not have health insurance when he died , leaving friends and family scrambling to cover his medical expenses , Psaltis said . "  We make above average income , but most of what we make goes toward the expense of being in the business , and health care is a huge expense for a wrestler , " Psaltis said . Psaltis said she started Wrestlers Rescue with the goal of working with insurance companies to create an affordable health care plan for wrestlers . "  To find health care that covers wrestlers costs quadruple the price of regular coverage , so a lot of the guys end up going without . They continue to wrestle way past their prime because there 's no pension , and because there 's no health care , they never prepared for their future health concerns . It 's an endless cycle . " But Psaltis and former WWE diva Terri Runnels say camaraderie and the thrill of being in the ring are worth the risks . "  Yes , we make good money , but for what we do it 's paltry . We are like paupers compared to most other professions , but our pride in entertaining and making sure that when you pay money and come to a show you are absolutely entertained , that 's why we do what we do , " Runnels said .	Eddie Fatu 's death highlights trend of pro wrestlers dying young , sports blogger says Rigors of sport have increased compared to days of Capt. Lou Albano , who died this year at 76 Friend : Like many wrestlers , Fatu did not have health insurance
CNN  The 110th birthday of former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping was celebrated on August 22 with an exhibition , a television biopic , and a series of national events . The "  paramount leader " ruled for more than a decade , kick-starting China 's market economic reform . All these events have prompted much talk not just on Deng but also on Chinese president Xi Jinping . Straws in the wind here hint that China is again entering an era of strongman rule . Less than two years after Xi took over the top Communist Party post , Xi 's leading position is looking virtually unassailable . He now holds the top posts in the party , state and the military . Recently , he has cleverly maneuvered to put himself at the head of two new supra-ministerial bodies . The "  central leading group on national security " gives him the final say on diplomatic , military , security , police and intelligence institutions . The other leading group on "  deepening of economic reform " gives him oversight on economic affairs , clipping the power of Premier Li Keqiang , China 's No. 2 leader and the de facto COO of the economy . This , China analysts say , signifies that Xi has become the most powerful Chinese leader since the death of Deng in 1997 . Mao or Deng ? Xi 's shrewd moves makes China watchers wonder : Is he mimicking Mao , who wielded absolute power during his decades-long rule ? Is he building a cult of personality that befits an omnipotent modern-day emperor ? To be sure , Xi does not approve of totally repudiating Mao . "  To completely negate Mao Zedong would lead to the demise of the Communist Party of China and to great chaos in China , " Xi said early last year . He rejected "  historical nihilism , " instead advocating "  not being negative about the 30 years before Deng Xiaoping 's economic reform . " Still , some China experts say Xi is not following Mao 's policies . "  If you look at what he does and how he does it , I do n't see much Maoism , " said Ezra Vogel , a retired Harvard professor and author of the book "  Deng Xiaoping and the Transformation of China . " "  I see much more of Deng Xiaoping . " Vogel recalled how Xi chose Shenzhen as the site of his first "  inspection tour " as president . The Special Economic Zone is where Deng Xiaoping experimented with his market-reform in the early 1980s . Xi referred to that in his speech commemorating the 110th anniversary of the birth of the late Deng . "  It was a very sentimental thing , " Vogel noted . "  I think the effect of the speech and what Xi was trying to say is that ` Ok , Deng was a bold leader who tried to make changes . I 'm going to make some changes too . ' " Like Deng , Vogel explained , Xi believes that the country must be strong . "  But he felt in the end that only if the country had enough internal stability could you make changes , " the Harvard professor said . "  And he was quite cautious about releasing and allowing more freedom until the conditions were met . It looks to me that Xi Jinping was very much following it . " Keeping friends close The Harvard historian has not seen much sign that Xi wants to be more democratic . "  He has been very tough on corruption , and the way I see it now he 's beginning to talk about the law , the legal reform , " he said . Early this month the Communist Party announced that Zhou Yongkang , the former public security minister and member of China 's Politburo Standing Committee , would be investigated "  on suspicion of grave violations of discipline . " This is by far the biggest step Xi has taken in his anti-corruption campaign , confirming his pledge to take on the "  tigers "  top officials  as well as "  flies "  minor violators  . Like Deng , Vogel added , Xi wants to centralize things in his own hands . "  He wants to be a strong leader . He wants to make bold decisions . And he wants to make it very clear that he 's in charge . " Xi is in a hurry to take charge . Since he took over top posts , he has been moving allies into key Party , government and military positions . "  It took  former president  Jiang Zemin 10 years to promote his trusted commanders to top military posts , " says one Chinese source who requested anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the topic . "  It took  Xi 's predecessor  Hu Jintao four to do the same . Xi is doing it in two years . " Liu Yuan , an army general and , like Xi , a well-connected "  princeling "  he is the son of the late Chinese president Liu Shaoqi  , is poised to be elevated into the military commission , the source said . Current Shanghai party chief Han Zheng is also expected to move to Beijing to join the Leading Group on Economic Reform . Top-level reshuffles are expected to be finalized during a policy meeting , called a "  plenum , " of the nearly 400 members of the Communist Party 's elite scheduled in October . After this round of changes , the Chinese source said , "  about 70 % of top leaders in the provinces and major cities and some ministries will have been replaced or reshuffled . It 's the second stage of Xi 's plan to put in his people . " "  Historic mission " Supporters of Xi 's attempts to accumulate power say he needs to do so to deal with a host of pressing challenges . I asked whether this makes him a dictator in the making . "  Every leader in the world does this , " the source said . "  If Hillary  Clinton  becomes the next U.S. president , she will also do the same -- put people you trust in critical posts . " Leading China 's transition , he said , is an extraordinarily difficult job . Xi 's admirers say he a pragmatist who is more goal-oriented than ideologically driven . "  It 's not really a question of whether Xi is a conservative or a reformist , " said the Chinese source . "  He is poised to make big changes because he truly believes he has a historic mission to achieve his China Dream . He wants to keep the Communist Party in power but he also wants to push China to the next level . " How Xi will achieve his goals remains undefined , but one thing is clear : Xi does not welcome unsolicited advice . Earlier , he had been heard saying , off-the-cuff : "  Westerners with full stomachs should not be lecturing China . " Said in the fashion of Mao and Deng .	Xi has become the most powerful Chinese leader since the death of Deng Xiaoping in 1997 China watchers compare Xi 's ruling strategy to those of Mao Zedong and Deng China insider : "  Xi truly believes he has a historic mission to achieve the China Dream "
DOHA , Qatar  CNN  -- If there 's anything in which Qatar takes pride -- aside from a massive construction boom -- it is providing its Qatari minority and the hundreds of thousands of expatriates working and living here with plenty of shopping opportunities . City Center Mall booked "  Freestyle Football " artist Iya Traore , from Guinea , to help draw more crowds in Doha You can nary drive a kilometer in Doha -- few Qataris actually walk the streets -- without passing a shopping mall . And few of those malls are lacking hordes of people strolling from store to store . From the pricey jewel-adorned head scarf fashions to budget-conscious it-could-be-rat-leather shoes , food courts to suit Eastern and Western tastes , to perfume shops selling essences for more per ounce than many people earn in a month -- shoppers in Doha are spoiled for choice . I 'm lucky to have a few Qatari national friends in Doha . Each time I visit , I 'm treated to a familiar , and always entertaining , routine ... passing time at a succession of shopping centers . Yes , many of you may think this pastime -- especially in America -- is for the kiddies . You are right . And yes , my friends and I are in our 30s . But there 's a more sophisticated , Arab cultural aspect to "  hanging out " at a Starbucks at Landmark Shopping Center or drinking mint tea at one of the restaurants in the renovated Souq Waqif . For many "  shoppers " -- male and female -- these centers are an opportunity catch up with friends , and discretely flirt and mingle ... even if only by exchanging messages via Bluetooth on the cellphone . And unlike many teenyboppers cruising the malls of America , most of the adults here are a shop owner 's dream : high-end , impulse purchasing consumers with a lot of money to spend -- and a lot of time to kill . Little surprise then , that shopping mall developers and management have taken to providing more entertainment options to pull in the crowds : The obligatory movie theater , for example . One mall 's basement is host to a skating rink . At a recent stop at City Center-Doha Mall , thumping hip-hop beats had kids dropping their McDonald 's ice cream cones and running to the center atrium to see what all the fuss was about . Turns out there 's this athlete literally center stage of the mall , kicking and balancing a soccer ball -- OK , football -- about his head , shoulders , legs and back with such skill he might put Ronaldo to shame -- and doing this to the beat of hip-hop African tunes for what seemed more than just a few minutes . Guinean native Iya Traore 's "  freestyle soccer " routine mesmerized the crowd . Ironically , it distracted them from shopping -- but kept shoppers in the Mall longer and gave people something new to talk about . Apparently his athletic tricks have landed him television and live performances in Japan , Turkey , Mali , Germany , France and , increasingly , in the Arab world . Africa would seem a long way to book an act to attract more shoppers . But then again , the stakes are high in an increasingly competitive shopping mall-packed Qatar . As long as the mall remains an outlet to spend petro-dollars -- and Doha 's main , all-access social networking scene -- mall developers will have to step up their game to keep consumers happy . E-mail to a friend	CNN 's Alphonso Van Marsh hangs out at a shopping mall in Doha , Qatar Spending time in shopping malls is a popular pastime for local residents Mall managers hire entertainers to attract customers and their dirhams "  These centers are an opportunity catch up with friends and discretely flirt "
CNN  -- It depends on mind-bending physics and ultra-cold temperatures but quantum computing could bring about a new era in processing power that promises to revolutionize everything from artificial intelligence to high finance . The field of quantum computing is still in its infancy but it was given a sizable boost when Google announced in September that it is partnering with experts from the University of California Santa Barbara to develop quantum computing technology as part of its Quantum Artificial Intelligence Lab team . The project also sees Google pairing up with NASA and the Universities Space Research Association to create technology that could become the world 's fastest supercomputer . How it works In a traditional computer , circuits are either on or off , and use binary code of ones and zeros for solving problems . A quantum computer uses quantum bits -- called qubits -- and has circuits which exist in all possible states at the same time -- a one , a zero and everything in between . This ability to exist in various states greatly increases the processing power of quantum machines . While the science behind quantum computing seems very technical , broken down in the simplest terms it amounts to a computer which could operate at breakneck speed in comparison to a traditional computer that uses a binary system , and would be especially useful for solving what are known as "  optimization problems " -- finding the best solution among huge numbers of possible options . Currently , the world 's fastest computer belongs to China , the Tianhe-2 supercomputer , which can carry out about 34 quadrillion calculations per second . Experts say a quantum computer would ultimately far surpass this speed . Google 's Quantum Artificial Intelligence team has been working with scientists from Canadian company D-Wave Systems , which owns what has been called the first commercially viable quantum computer . Some experts have cast doubt on whether D-Wave 's computers are any faster than regular machines , but while D-Wave 's CEO Vern Brownell concedes that it 's early days for this technology , he sees a bright future . "  We 're at that stage of the very first days of microprocessors , when Paul Allen and Bill Gates built the first software for those , " said Brownell . A mature technology could have huge benefits in a variety of fields . The increased computing power could one day help run complex simulations , such as modeling climate change and helping to develop new drugs . "  It 's not going to replace classical computing , but certain problem types fit quantum computing very well , " said Brownell . Financial revolution ? Financial services will be the first industry to feel the benefits , said Brownell . For example , there 's currently a huge workload on Wall Street trying to optimize portfolios and dealing with risk management . "  Ultimately , quantum computing will do that better , " said Brownell , who served as chief technology officer for Goldman Sachs from 1989-2000 . Other areas of finance which could benefit include structured asset-backed security pricing , mapping market correlations , capital project budgeting , and developing trading strategies , said D-Wave . D-Wave said it is also interested in expanding the cloud capabilities of quantum computing . Potential customers could include anyone with a complicated optimization problem to solve -- from sectors ranging from transportation and logistics to financial services and healthcare . Another broad area for quantum computing is machine learning . Using artificial intelligence to train algorithms , trying to mine big data , and also helping with fraud detection all fall under the quantum computer 's domain . Currently , Lockheed Martin uses D-Wave 's machine to help verify flight control systems . Another partner of D-Wave is a company called 1QBit , which is building financial algorithms with quantum computing and "  making good progress , " said Brownell . Obstacles in the way One of the biggest challenges so far for the mighty quantum machine has been environmental interference . The machine can only operate at an incredibly low temperature -- just above absolute zero , or -273.15 degrees . "  This chip has to have exactly the right temperature , it has to be shielded , " said Brownell . "  So a big part of it is building that rarefied environment . A huge amount of research and billions of dollars are being poured into building it . " Maintaining the perfect environment is just one of the problems facing quantum computing . "  We 're really just beginning to understand how we might make a full-scale quantum machine , " cautions Dr Peter J Bentley , of the department of computer science at University College London . "  There is a vast number of challenges remaining . " Bentley believes it could be many years before we see quantum computing come into its own . "  Compared to the speed we moved from valves to transistors to integrated silicon chips , progress on quantum computers has been very slow , " wrote Bentley , in an email . "  It 's a much harder problem using mind-bending physics that we do n't fully understand . So it may take a few billions of dollars from Google and a few decades before we really see quantum computers . " But Google 's confidence in creating super-fast quantum computing is palpable . Brownell sees the challenge as a positive for not just Google , but for all of us . "  It  quantum computing  will be another tool to help solve very challenging , very hard problems , " he said .	Google has assembled a team of experts trying to craft a quantum computer Financial services , machine learning and other industries could benefit Quantum computing especially useful for complex "  optimization " problems
CNN  -- Olympic figure skater Nancy Kerrigan Solomon tearfully pleaded Thursday for leniency for her brother , who was sentenced to prison on a lesser charge in his fatal altercation with their father . A Middlesex County Superior Court judge sentenced Mark Kerrigan to 2.5 years after a jury convicted him Wednesday of assault and battery . A jury acquitted Kerrigan on an involuntary manslaughter charge . The prosecution argued that the elder Kerrigan died from a heart attack caused during a physical struggle . Solomon asked Judge Jane Haggerty for no prison time for her brother , saying the family had already suffered enough trauma and hardship . "  None of us have had really the chance to grieve for our father , " she said in court . Mark Kerrigan was taken into custody immediately , said Cara O'Brien , spokeswoman for the Middlesex County District Attorney 's Office . The judge sentenced Mark Kerrigan to serve two years in prison , followed by two years of probation , during which he will have to satisfy several conditions , including mental health and alcohol abuse treatment , according to O'Brien . If Kerrigan completes all the conditions , the remaining six months of his prison sentence will be suspended , the judge ruled . Mark Kerrigan showed little emotion as the verdict was read Wednesday in Woburn , Massachusetts . "  My family has never believed at all that my brother had anything to do with my father 's death , " Nancy Kerrigan said outside the courthouse . "  My dad would never have wanted any of this . " Prosecutors say Daniel Kerrigan , 70 , died after having an argument and physical confrontation with his intoxicated son . A medical examiner had found that Daniel Kerrigan 's 2010 death came from cardiac dysrhythmia triggered by the brawl , which resulted in a larynx injury . Cardiac dysrhythmia is abnormal electrical activity in the heart . Kerrigan 's family has said Daniel Kerrigan had a heart condition .	Mark Kerrigan was acquitted of involuntary manslaughter He was convicted of assault and battery , sentenced to 2.5 years in prison 2010 altercation between Kerrigan and his father preceded father 's death
CNN  -- One of the most recognizable brands in the world . And the man who made it happen -- Howard Schultz . He took over Starbucks in 1987 with a vision of bringing Italian coffeehouse culture to the U.S. -- The Starbuck Experince , he called it . Today a mass market phenomenon that sells tens of millions of cups of coffee every week . At last count 14,000 stores across more than 40 countries , and 10,000 more planned in the next four years . Schultz attended the first of CNN 's Boardroom Masterclasses and spoke to Andrew Stevens about his business strategies . Schultz : I think when you look at Starbucks as a business case what we 've done and the way we do business is quite different than a classic consumer brand , and let me be specific . Most consumer brands that have emerged in the last 10-20 years have been built through traditional marketing and traditional advertising . Starbucks is not an advertiser , people think we are a great marketing company but in fact we spend very little money on marketing and more money on training our people than advertising . Stevens Just quickly , was that always the plan ? Schultz : Well , when we started we had no money . We had no choice , we had to figure out a different way , but the point I want to make is that we built the brand by the experience and when you look back at history of starbucks we are the quintessential experiential brand built by what happens inside of our stores . The mantra has been this : if you want to exceed the expectations of your customer , you ca n't do that unless you exceed the expectations of your people first , which means you have to treat people with respect and dignity . People want to be a part of something larger than themselves and at the end of the race there has to be something in it for them . The most fragile asset of any kind of company , and certainly a consumer brand , is whether or not you can build an enduring level of trust with both your customer and your employees . Stevens : What are your "  Golden business rules , " which do n't just apply to Starbucks but apply right across the board ? Schultz : I think you have to be 100 percent authentic and true . When you 're building a business or joining a company you have to be transparent , you ca n't have two sets of information for two sets of people . I think a great leader , at times , has to demonstrate a level of vulnerability and share with people how you really feel . In order to achieve success it takes unbridled enthusiasm and passion . You have to find something that you really really love and I think you have to be willing to understand that this is hard to do , to build great enduring success and it takes personal sacrifice . Great businesses succeed at a high level of profitability because they are doing fantastic things for their people , for their customers and their communities . Find that fragile balance and you will build a profitable business . Stevens : I do want to ask you , because it will happen one day , you will step down from Starbucks , the proverbial bus is always out there -- what do you want your legacy to be , how do you want to be remembered for what you 've done at Starbucks ? Schultz : It 's hard to answer that question because I 'm a long way from that bus ! Stevens : A lot of employees will be happy to hear that . Schultz : But I would say something like this , that the success of the company is linked to the fact that the company really did try to have a conscience and a soul in everything it did and the success of the company was shared with its people , that would be enough for me . E-mail to a friend	Howard Schultz , CEO of Starbucks spoke at CNN 's Boardroom Masterclass The coffee shop chain has 14,000 stores across more than 40 countries Schultz : "  To achieve success it takes unbridled enthusiasm and passion "
CNN  -- Thandi Zulu was single , pregnant and staying at a women 's shelter in Houston , Texas , when she received a mysterious letter one day . Single mom Thandi Zulu says she was duped by a work-at-home scam . A company told Zulu that she could make big money working at home in a data-entry job . No résumé or experience was needed . All she had to do was pay a $ 200 fee . You probably know what happened next . Zulu called the company , gave them her checking account number and then tried to stop herself because she realized that she was doing something stupid . "  The moment I did it , I said ` Damn , this is a scam , ' " Zulu said of her 2001 nightmare . "  I put them on hold , and then I tried to call them back , but nobody was home . " Financial guru Bernard Madoff is grabbing headlines because he is accused of swindling wealthy clients out of $ 50 billion in a massive Ponzi scheme . But work-at-home scammers are also plundering the paltry savings of ordinary people like Zulu every day . Work-at-home-scams are on the rise , consumer watchdog groups say . Scammers are busier than ever because tough economic times are making people more desperate to make money , says Christine Durst , CEO of Staffcentrix , a company specializing in home-based careers that sifts through home-based job leads every day . iReport.com : Do you have a business at home ? Tell us Durst says people are searching more for home-based jobs to save money on gas , clothing and child care . Seniors are also looking to supplement their dwindling retirement income . Durst says Staffcentrix researchers screen about 5,000 home jobs leads every week , and there is a "  54-to-1 scam ratio . " "  This means that for every 55 -LSB- work-at-home -RSB- leads we investigate , only one passes our legitimacy standards , " she said . Work-at-home scammers have traditionally used letters , television commercials and magazine advertisements . But the Internet is becoming their favorite hunting ground , says Karen Hobbs , an attorney with the Federal Trade Commission , the federal agency responsible for consumer protection . "  The Internet is a boon for this industry , because it 's a very cheap method for reaching consumers across the U.S. and the world , " Hobbs said . Catching work-at-home scammers is difficult because they use online facades and fake identities , and they constantly change names and mailing addresses , Hobbs says . Those who are caught , though , can face serious time . One work-at-home scammer was sentenced to 22 months in federal prison last year and ordered to pay $ 293,619 in restitution , Hobbs says . But many scammers often act as if they 're too clever to get caught , Durst says . "  We have over the years engaged in e-mails with them , and frankly , they 're quite cocky , " Durst said . "  It 's a craft for them . They really pride themselves on understanding the human psyche . " Be wary of "  palm trees , beaches and bikinis " A consumer 's best defense against these clever predators is to develop their own guile , Durst says . First , they should learn how to spot the warning signs of a work-at-home scammer . Any advertisement that contains the phrase "  work at home " is immediately suspect , because working at home is not a job title , Durst says . Scammers use that phrase to bait their victims . Other warning signs : You 're required to pay a fee for additional information , promises of "  unbelievable pay ! " and claims that no experience is necessary or résumé is needed . Durst also says to watch out for "  palm trees , mansions , beaches and bikinis . " "  If the ad you 're looking at features palm trees , a mansion and a Ferrari , it 's probably a scam . Successful scammers often bag their prey by dangling enticing things in front of them , much like kidnappers do : ` If you get into my car , I 'll give you this candy bar , ' " Durst said . There are other rules people should follow as well : Never forward any money to an "  employer , " never give personal information like a Social Security or bank account number over the Internet and never agree to cash checks for a percentage under any circumstances , consumer watchdog experts say . Those who think they 've been scammed can still get help . They can contact the FTC  http://www.ftc.gov/  , the Better Business Bureau or the attorney general 's office in their state . Why do people still fall for them ? Despite the publicity generated by work-at-home scammers , why do so many people still fall for the scams ? Some consumer watchdog groups say it 's too simplistic to say that people are gullible . For example , many of the people who say they lost money in Madoff 's alleged Ponzi scheme were celebrity actors , writers , wealthy people -- people with abundant smarts . See some of the celebrities " Hobbs , from the FTC , says work-at-home scams appeal to that can-do spirit in Americans . "  Americans have an entrepreneurial sprit , " she said . "  Many people will want to work independently , and they 're looking for those opportunities , especially in hard times . " Durst , the CEO of Staffcentrix , cites another reason . "  It 's desperation , " she said . "  It 's the same reason people play the lottery : They think today could be their lucky day . " Zulu , the single mom , subscribes to Durst 's theory . "  I did n't pay attention , " she said . "  When you 're desperate and you 're looking for something , you just go ahead . I was pregnant , and I did n't have a job . I wanted to work at home . " Zulu says she finally found a legitimate job . She moved to Laurel , Mississippi , and now sells medical and dental plans through a company called Ameriplan USA . She even calls people and tells them that they can sell Ameriplan from their own homes . But sometimes she runs into an unexpected problem . "  They do n't believe me , " she said . "  People think we 're scammers . "	Single mom Thandi Zulu says she lost $ 200 in a work-at-home scam Feds : Internet is favorite place for scammers targeting at-home workers Work-at-home scams are on the rise , consumer watchdog groups say Expert : Watch out for "  palm trees , mansions , beaches and bikinis "
CNN  -- Gay basketball star John Amaechi has criticized the head of soccer 's ruling body for his comments about homosexuals planning to attend the 2022 World Cup in Qatar . FIFA president Sepp Blatter was unable to keep a straight face when asked at a press conference in South Africa what to advise gay people who hope to go to the Arab emirate . The mainly Muslim country , which will host the tournament for the first time , forbids same-sex relationships by law . "  I would say that they should refrain from sexual activities , " Blatter answered on Monday , after a long pause . "  We are living in a world of freedom and when the World Cup will be in Qatar , this will be in 2022 . And you can see in the Middle East the opening of this culture . It is another culture because it is another religion , but in football we have no boundaries . " However , Amaechi -- who became the first NBA basketballer to reveal he is gay after retiring in 2007 -- accused the 74-year-old Blatter of showing "  archaic , Neanderthal ignorance " towards the world 's lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community . Blog : Has FIFA gambled with World Cup decisions ? "  The statements and the position adopted by Sepp Blatter and FIFA regarding LGBT fans who would pay the enormous ticket and travel prices to attend the World Cup in 2022 should have been wholly unacceptable a decade ago , " the U.S.-born British citizen wrote on his website . "  Instead , with little more than an afterthought , FIFA has endorsed the marginalization of LGBT people around the world . If sport can not serve to change society , even temporarily during the duration of an event like the World Cup , then it is little more than grown men chasing a ball and we should treat it as such . " Amaechi said Blatter 's comments were more damaging than they may have appeared at face value . "  Blatter 's words are n't really about sex , as I ca n't imagine that many gay football fans would be bold enough to do it in public in Qatar . Rather , what he is really saying is ` Do n't be camp , do n't hold hands , do n't look into each other 's eyes , do n't book rooms with one bed , do n't have candle-lit dinners in the restaurant ... ' and on and on , " he said . "  He 's really saying do n't even ` look ' gay , re-closet yourself and pretend the ties and love and affection you have for your partner or even some random bloke you might meet on your travels are gone for the whole time you are in Qatar . " Qatar : From obscure desert kingdom to World Cup host However , Blatter insisted that gay people would have no such problems in Qatar in 2022 . "  I think there shall not be any discrimination against any human beings on this side or that side -- or left or right or whatever , " he told reporters . "  And we do n't want to have any discrimination . So you can be assured that ... if people want to watch a match in 2022 I am sure they will be admitted to such matches . "  What we want to do is open this game to all people to all cultures , and this is what we are doing in 2022 . " World Cup nets $ 509 million for South Africa Blatter was in South Africa to launch a legacy trust of $ 100 million to be distributed in the country after it became the first on the continent to host a World Cup earlier this year . Of that , $ 80 million will go to social community projects while the rest was given to the South African Football Association in the build-up to the tournament . "  When I arrived back in South Africa , I saw excited people shouting , ` Welcome back , welcome back ' . This to me shows that the spirit of the World Cup is still alive in this country , " Blatter said . "  Now we go to the East of Europe to Russia where the World Cup has never been . Later on , we go to the Middle East . The World Cup must go to where it can improve social conditions and make a difference . "  From the South African tourism minister , we learned that over 300,000 people came to South Africa for the World Cup . This , in turn , has been a major boost for the South African economy . "	FIFA president advises gay soccer fans traveling to Qatar to refrain from sexual activities Homosexuality is illegal in the Arab emirate , which will host the World Cup in 2022 Basketball 's first openly gay player accuses Sepp Blatter of "  archaic ignorance " Blatter was in South Africa to launch $ 100 million legacy trust for 2010 World Cup host
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan has decided to enter a no contest plea this week -- the equivalent to a guilty plea -- to a misdemeanor theft charge , a source close to the actress said Monday . While a judge has already sentenced Lohan to 120 days in jail for violating her drunk driving probation with the charge , she is likely to serve no more than two weeks , according to a Los Angeles sheriff 's spokesman . Probation officials , in a sentencing report that would be presented to the judge , could recommend that Lohan complete her sentence at home wearing an electronic monitoring bracelet , sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Lohan 's trial for allegedly stealing a necklace from a Venice , California , jewelry store was scheduled for June 3 , with a pre-trial hearing to be held Wednesday . The source close to Lohan , who asked not to be named , said the actress would use this week 's hearing to enter her plea . Getting the threat of jail time behind her could be important for Lohan 's acting career , considering she 's been cast in the "  Gotti " movie , which is set for production in October . A new prosecutor took over the case last week , opening the door for new talks on a plea deal . When Lohan rejected a plea deal last March and decided to take the theft charge to trial , it was a felony case . Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney Danette Meyers was insisting she go to jail at least for several months . But Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner reduced it to a misdemeanor charge , which took it out of Meyers ' jurisdiction . She handed the case off to the Los Angeles city attorney last Wednesday . Sautner allowed Lohan to remain free on bond while she appealed the 120-day probation violation sentence . The actress has already reported to the Los Angeles Downtown Women 's Center where she must serve 360 hours of community service . Lohan must also work 120 hours at the county morgue , the judge ordered . If Sautner gives Lohan no additional jail time on the misdemeanor theft charge , she could be free in just two weeks , based on guidelines explained by Whitmore . The 120-day sentence is reduced to 71 days when the state formula for "  good time " is applied off the top , Whitmore said . The remaining sentence becomes just 14 days served under the sheriff 's guidelines to reduce jail overcrowding , he said . Female inmates locked up for non-violent offenses get out after serving just 20 percent of the sentence , he said . Lohan 's probation officer could recommend that she serve no jail time , but instead be fitted for an electronic ankle bracelet and ordered to stay at home for a time to be determined , Whitmore said . But Sautner could have the final word , insisting on a minimum amount of jail time for Lohan , he said . Lohan was just weeks away from being free from supervised probation stemming from two drunk driving convictions in 2007 when she was charged with felony grand theft . She allegedly walked out of the Venice jewelry store with a diamond-and-gold necklace around her neck that had not been purchased . The alleged theft happened just three weeks after the actress completed three months of drug rehab . She checked into the Betty Ford Clinic only after another judge ordered her to jail for a month after finding she violated probation with a failed drug test . At that time , prosecutor Meyers asked the judge to send the actress to jail for 180 days . "  I 'm not quite sure we 've gotten her attention yet , " Meyers said at an October hearing . Meyers argued that Lohan has a pattern of checking into rehab "  every time she has a violation and jail is leering over her head . " But Meyers is now out of Lohan 's legal life . Other than a few hours waiting in jail for bonds to be posted , Lohan has served just 13 days behind bars . That happened in August , when the sheriff let her out early from a 90-day probation-violation sentence .	A hearing is set for Wednesday in Lohan 's theft case The actress could serve just 14 days in jail or at home , a sheriff 's spokesman says Lohan is already doing community service She is charged with stealing a necklace from a jewelry store
New York  CNN  -- A furry feline named Willow , who was last seen five years ago in Colorado , was found this week roaming the streets of New York . Country kitty turned metropolitan cat , Willow was discovered by a pedestrian on East 20th Street in Manhattan over the weekend and brought to Animal Care and Control of NYC , according to Julie Bank , the animal shelter 's executive director . Willow tested positive for a microchip , and her Colorado owners , Chris and Jamie Squires , were later contacted , according to Bank . "  Willow is in good health , kind of chunky , " Bank said . "  Clearly she has been taken care of or enjoying the New York City food . " How Willow traveled from Broomfield , Colorado , a suburb of Denver , to New York -- a distance of more than 1,600 miles -- over a span of five years is a mystery . "  Someone maybe picked her up in Colorado and brought her here ; sometimes animals get here oddly , like on the back of a truck , " Bank said . "  Some people are joking that she is a city girl and wanted to see the sights . " Calls to the Squires were not immediately returned . As for Willow , plans are being made for her to reunite with the Squires , Bank said . For now , she will stay with a foster family until health certificates are filed and she can make the journey back home , though perhaps not as memorable as her travels to the Big Apple .	Cat taken to animal shelter , microchip found and owners contacted Willow is in "  good health , " set to reunite with owners in Colorado
Rolling Stone  -- "  Making Achtung Baby is the reason we 're here now , " Bono says early on in Davis Guggenheim 's new U2 documentary , "  From The Sky Down , " which premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on Thursday night . The film -- which focuses on the tumultuous time in the band 's career 20 years ago -- shows how Bono , guitarist the Edge , drummer Larry Mullen Jr. and bassist Adam Clayton got back on track : After considerable infighting and "  creative differences " while the four hunkered down at Hansa Studios in Berlin in 1990 to try to make an album , the song "  One " finally and miraculously sprouted from the unfinished "  Mysterious Ways . " "  The movie has this pretty long -LSB- section -RSB- where you hear them write that song -- and it 's goose bumps , " Guggenheim told Rolling Stone in Toronto . "  The writing of that song really saved the band . They had come out of the height of Joshua Tree as the biggest band in the world . ` Rattle and Hum ' was a disaster from their point of view , a lot of bad reviews -- they were n't happy with what they had become . They take that bridge section out of ` Mysterious Ways ' and they go back into the room at Hansa . They write a song on the fly in a matter of minutes . ` One ' is written and the band is saved and we have all that on tape . " There are other telling inclusions in the film , from footage of Bono getting angry in a dressing room after a Joshua Tree concert in 1987  culled from Rattle and Hum director Phil Joanou 's amazing leftovers  to candid , present-day sound-only interviews that Guggenheim was able to draw from each band member . "  The soul of the movie is these interviews I do with them , " he said . "  I did n't know how they 'd react to the things that I put in the movie , " said Guggenheim . "  There are some very sensitive things . And to their credit , they said , ` This is truthful ; this is real ; it 's not sensational . ' " Rolling Stone : The Best U2 Songs The day after the TIFF gala screening , Bono , the Edge and Guggenheim spoke at a press conference about the film . "  I found it a little humiliating to realize that we were so inept and these days we 're a better band , " Bono said . "  We 've learned our craft -- and therein lies the huge danger , which is there 's a giant chasm between the very good and the great , and U2 right now has a danger of surrendering to the very good . " Guggenheim had earned the Edge 's trust from the documentary they did together in 2008 , "  It Might Get Loud , " alongside two other guitar greats , Jack White and Jimmy Page . Still , it 's a relationship in progress , Guggenheim noted : "  There 's a something adversarial about making a movie about something that neither side wants , but it 's naturally there . " "  For me , when Davis agreed to do this , I felt like I could relax because I knew the thing that he was most interested in was actually the truth as opposed to what was a great shot or what might be sensational , " said the Edge . "  The stuff that 's in the film are those moments where we 're really being honest . " "  A little bit of sensationalism would have been good , a few great shots , " joked Bono . "  I felt like I was mugged . " In addition to the tension , intensity and struggle that plays out in the film , there is a lot of levity too , including a satirical montage of bands that have imploded or lost members , references and demonstrations of Bono 's unique gibberish singing , dubbed "  Bongalese " and yes , the band in drag . "  What 's interesting is Larry really did n't like the idea and thought he looked like he was in some skin flick , " said Bono . "  Edge took to it with a perfectionist 's eye . " "  I just freaked myself out because I looked so much like my sister , I was shocked , " the Edge said . Added Bono : "  Adam looked like the Queen of England and I looked like Barbara Bush . " See the original article at RollingStone.com Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The film focuses on the tumultuous time in the band 's career 20 years ago There are sound-only interviews that Guggenheim was able to draw from each band member There is a lot of levity too , including a satirical montage of bands that have imploded
CNN  -- Cold weather has delayed spring in Washington , but we can detect a clear warming trend in our politics . To be sure , the distance between the Obama administration and congressional Republicans remains vast , executive and judicial nominations remain blocked by an unprecedented number of filibusters and major legislative accomplishments are still months away . But the ice of gridlock is starting to thaw . Evidence of a healthier , more normal politics is beginning to reappear , centered in the Senate , our political institution that has declined the longest and the furthest . Congress has been in session only a few weeks , but the Senate has already passed its first budget in four years , after finding compromises to avoid the fiscal cliff and the "  nuclear option . " Across the range of tough issues , serious legislative work is moving forward , usually on a bipartisan basis . Eight senators , led by Democrat Chuck Schumer and Republicans John McCain , Lindsey Graham and Marco Rubio , have made significant progress toward an agreement on immigration . The Judiciary Committee has reported the first major gun control legislation since 1994 , though its fate is far from certain . Democrat Carl Levin , joined by McCain , released a devastating report on the abusive trading practices of JPMorgan Chase . Freshman Democrats Elizabeth Warren and Sherrod Brown have expressed similar views as have Republicans Bob Corker and Chuck Grassley on the dangers of " too big to fail " banks . Democrat Max Baucus , Senate Finance Committee chairman , and Republican Dave Camp , House Ways and Means chairman , have accelerated their effort , started two years ago , to enact the first major tax reform legislation since 1986 . The atmosphere is palpably better . President Barack Obama 's "  charm offensive " on Capitol Hill won approval from many Republicans . Sen. Pat Roberts of Kansas , who after meeting with the president in 2010 , called him "  thin - skinned " and recommended that he "  take valium , " praised him generously this time around for the substantive meeting on the budget and related economic issues . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , who famously declared that defeating Obama was his highest priority , has this year shown much more graciousness , respect and even occasional humor . Two factors are most responsible for the improvement . First , it turns out that elections do have consequences . Obama 's decisive re-election , coupled with what amounted to a national landslide won by the Senate Democrats , has forced the Republicans into a period of reassessment and repositioning . Of course , some Republicans still believe that their party lost because its right wing views were did not come through clearly enough . But most Republicans recognize that the party 's combination of extremism and obstruction proved to be a losing strategy . They know the Republican brand is in deep trouble . The election results seemed to have convinced at least some of the Senate Republicans that finding areas in which to cooperate with the president is necessary . But the second factor , less understood than the impact of election returns , is just as important . By the end of 2012 , for many returning senators and those newly elected , dismay about the Senate has hardened into disgust and determination to change it . Across the political spectrum , senators are fed up with lurching from crisis to crisis , leaders dictating straight party votes , endless filibusters and constant failure to address the nation 's problems . Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , compared the Senate to "  the Russian Duma ... an endless series of secret conclaves . . , with meetings everywhere but in the committee room or the open air of the Senate floor . " Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D-Maryland , took pride in the "  zone of civility " created by the increasing number of women senators . Sen. Schumer , D-New York , longingly "  looked forward to the good old days when we had major legislation go through committees . " The shorthand for what the overwhelming number of senators want is "  regular order " -- legislation that results from committee consideration , vigorous debate , the opportunity to offer amendments and hard bargaining to reach principled compromise -- and the Senate is changing as its leaders respond to the members ' frustration and anger . Legislating in our diverse , contentious country , with our system of separation of powers , has never been , and will never be , easy . Former Sen. Gary Hart once described the great Senate of the 1970s as "  a kind of controlled madhouse . " The path to major legislative accomplishments is always treacherous and strewn with seemingly insurmountable obstacles . Today , the partisan divide is much deeper and the political culture far more vitriolic than 20 or 30 years ago . Although senators can not choose the era in which they serve , they can choose the way they approach their work and they can determine the way the Senate functions . It does n't take much time , or that many people , to change the Senate . Hopefully , day by day , that change is starting to happen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ira Shapiro .	Ira Shapiro : Washington is seeing a surprising change in political climate After years of gridlock , two parties making progress on issues such as immigration He says much of the change is coming from members of the Senate Shapiro : Senators want a return to days when Congress actually functioned
CNN  -- Bored with boot-camp , or sick of spinning ? Growing numbers are getting their kicks out of pre-work rave parties as the way to shed calories and gain a natural high . It 's 7.30 on a foggy Wednesday morning and heavy bass is thick in the air outside an industrial-looking venue in East London . There 's excited chatter in the queue , with clubbers dressed in everything from lycra bodysuits to cow costumes . Inside , a crowd of thousand are getting whipped up by the DJ as they bounce around on the dance floor . The tunes date back to the 1990s and plenty of people here remember the rave generation or were part of it . There are nurses , lawyers , parents with kids , a smattering of seniors and some teenyboppers too . This monthly event , called Morning Gloryville , is billed as drug-free . The only dealing is going on at the smoothie bar . On paper , it 's hard to see how it works , but the vibe is full of energy . As for the dress code , you wear what you fancy and you dance how you want . "  I just feel very wired and on it , and ready to take on the day . I just wish it was just more often than once a month , " said Martin Edwards , sporting a lycra jumpsuit and multi-colored cape . Morning Gloryville has found its way into 16 cities , with Berlin and Montreal the latest to sign up . Co-founder Sam Moyo says she 's getting corporate inquiries to bring pre-work raves direct to the workplace . "  There 's  productivity , team building , mainly that happiness factor because companies are starting to realize actually above everything else happiness is the number one thing your team needs in order to be productive , " she said . As the crowd clears off , it 's all coats and dresses , jackets and ties . You 'd have never known what they had been up to -- except for the smiles , and the odd smearing of glitter .	Growing numbers are getting their kicks out of pre-work rave parties Morning Gloryville hosts monthly early morning raves that are "  drug-free " Nurses , lawyers , parents with kids , seniors and teenyboppers attend Morning Gloryville has found its way into 16 cities
CNN  -- Two brothers and two of their uncles are among nine people indicted on allegations of distributing cocaine to Italy and trafficking within the United States the same drug as well as methamphetamine , federal prosecutors in California announced Wednesday . The drug-trafficking ring also allegedly laundered money through the Dominican Republic , authorities said . One brother , Rafael Urena , 27 , of Rancho Cucamonga , California , was arrested Wednesday morning , but his brother Milton , 29 , of the Dominican Republic , is still being sought by authorities , according to a statement by the office U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. in Los Angeles . An uncle , Francisco Javier Vargas-Oseguera , 51 , was already in federal custody in Seattle , Washington , facing a federal charge of allegedly possessing eight pounds of methamphetamine in an unrelated case , authorities said . Another uncle , Leonel Urena-Partida , 49 , of Guadalajara , Mexico , is accused of conspiring to transport cocaine to Italy and is being sought by authorities , the prosecutor 's office said . Federal authorities used undercover agents and wiretaps intercepting phone calls , text messages and communications through BlackBerry Messenger , the prosecutor 's office said . The probe seized about 40 kilograms , or 88 pounds , of cocaine being smuggled into Italy from the Dominican Republic and Mexico , authorities said . The investigation also uncovered the distribution of cocaine and methamphetamine throughout the United States through the use of vehicles with hidden compartments , authorities said . Authorities accuse members of the drug-trafficking ring of laundering drug money from the Dominican Republic to Fontana , California , and Rancho Cucamonga by means of Western Union wire transfers . The indictment accuses eight defendants -- including the two brothers and two uncles -- of conspiracy to distribute cocaine to Italy and accuses the four relatives and two more defendants of conspiracy of domestic distribution of cocaine and methamphetamine , authorities said . The indictment also accuses "  various defendants " of the distribution of approximately one pound of methamphetamine , three counts of use of a communication facility in committing a felony drug offense , and conspiracy to launder money , the prosecutor 's office said .	One brother is arrested , but the other is still being sought One uncle is already being held in an unrelated case , but the other is at large The four relatives are among nine people indicted The drug ring also allegedly laundered money through the Dominican Republic
CNN  They may not be "  Star Trek " - type extraterrestrials , but we may be close to finding evidence of alien life , a NASA scientist says . "  I think we 're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade , and I think we 're going to have definitive evidence within 20 to 30 years , " NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan said Tuesday during a panel discussion on water in the universe . "  We know where to look . We know how to look , " she said . "  In most cases , we have the technology , and we 're on a path to implementing it . And so I think we 're definitely on the road . " NASA released a graphic noting that scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies , including the dwarf planet Ceres and Jupiter 's moon Europa . The Hubble Space Telescope has been key to the discoveries , NASA said in a news release . "  Scientists using NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope recently provided powerful evidence that  Jupiter 's moon  Ganymede has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice , " the agency noted . There are some caveats involved , of course . NASA is n't talking about intelligent alien civilizations from the Alpha Quadrant ; it 's referring to microorganisms . "  We are not talking about little green men , " Stofan said at the panel . "  We are talking about little microbes . " Still , former astronaut John Grunsfeld said it 's an exciting time -- and he thinks it 's just a matter of time before we find life outside our solar system as well . "  I think we 're one generation away in our solar system , whether it 's on an icy moon or on Mars , and one generation on a planet around a nearby star , " he said . And , he added , who knows what that life will look like ? "  Once we get out beyond Mars , the likelihood that it 's similar to Earth because we share that material gets very , very low , " he said . "  And I think that 's where it starts getting exceptionally exciting . "	NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan believes we 're close to finding alien life Indications within a decade ; definitive evidence within "  20 to 30 years , " she said Finding water on other celestial bodies is key to determination
CNN  -- Victoria Montenegro of Argentina considered the military couple who raised her as generous , humanitarian people , taking her into their home as if their own baby because her real parents were killed in a shootout in Buenos Aires in 1976 . She had no reason to believe otherwise -- until the year she turned 24 . That 's when a group investigating the atrocities of Argentina 's so-called Dirty War from 1976 to 1983 told Montenegro that her real parents were among "  the disappeared ones , " as the war victims are hauntingly called . What happened to the thousands of disappeared ones -- mainly leftists -- is an enduring agony of the war 's horrors . Montenegro felt betrayed -- and shocked to realize that the couple who raised her were part of the military regime responsible for her parents ' disappearance . "  I was ` appropriated , ' " Montenegro said , using the term given to children whose parents were killed or disappeared during the Dirty War and were given to other couples . "  It took me several years to assimilate my new identity and find peace about my true background . " Now a 36-year-old mother of three children , Montenegro learned another truth this week : One of eight unidentified bodies found across the border in Uruguay in 2002 was confirmed to be the remains of her father . Roque Orlando Montenegro , who disappeared at age 20 in 1976 when Victoria was just a few days old , was an apparent victim of the war 's barbaric "  death flights , " a series of military airplane rides in which political prisoners were thrown alive into the sea , forensic investigators said . His body probably washed ashore on the Uruguayan coast , and someone buried him in a nameless grave . "  I personally feel that there is no word for so many feelings , " she told reporters this week , describing her country as "  a genocidal state " that threw her father into the ocean . Today , Victoria Montenegro feels disconnected from her military father -- who died in 2003 -- because he was part of the regime targeting liberals like her real parents . Her adoptive mother died recently . Affection for the adoptive couple has dissipated : They had been good parents who raised her well . She feels no hate or animosity -- just betrayal , she told CNN this week . She felt "  peace " knowing the truth about her father 's fate . But now she wonders about what happened to her mother . The group investigating the war 's legacy , Abuelas de Plaza de Mayo  May Square Grandmothers  , which determined her father 's fate through DNA testing , is now continuing to help Montenegro about the mystery of her mother -- as well as thousands of others who were taken away from their politically persecuted parents as children . Guillermo Wulff , a spokesman with Abuelas , said that for Montenegro , learning the truth about her parents was n't easy . "  It took a long time for her to accept it ; but when she did , she was then ready for the next step , which was finding out how her parents died , " Wulff said . The Argentinian Forensic Anthropology Team  EAAF by its Spanish acronym  announced this week that forensic and DNA tests prove that human remains found in a Uruguayan cemetery are those of Roque Orlando Montenegro , known as "  Toti . " Said Victoria Montenegro : "  It is a miracle that the EEAF , with a drop of my blood , has succeeded in identifying the remains of my father that were in Uruguay since May ' 76 . " Luis Fondevrider , president of EAAF , said that identifying the remains of Montenegro was a process that started 10 years ago in Colonia , Uruguay , across the Rio de La Plata from Buenos Aires . "  In 2002 we exhumed eight unidentified bodies from the cemetery in Colonia . At that time , we had no hypothesis as to how the bodies ended up there , " said Fondevrider . EAAF took DNA and forensic samples from the bodies . In 2007 , the independent organization started taking blood and DNA samples from people in Argentina with missing relatives . Victoria Montenegro was one of 8,500 people who left samples over the following four years . Finally , a match was made this year . But how did the body of a man kidnapped in Buenos Aires end up in a different country ? Fondevrider believes Montenegro was killed during the so-called "  death flights . " Montenegro 's body probably washed ashore on the Uruguayan coast . A nameless tombstone was placed over his grave in Colonia . For Victoria Montenegro , seeking the truth about her origins has been a slow and painful process , but she says knowing what truly happened has given her some closure . "  Recovering my true identity was paramount , " Montenegro said . "  Having a true identity is a human right . Recovering the remains of my father has been important not only to understand how he died , but also to bring some justice to Argentina and the victims of the regime . " Montenegro said her rendezvous with her past is only halfway done . She has no knowledge or clues about what happened to her mother . Now with a son who , at 20 , is as old as her father was when he disappeared , Montenegro said she hopes the episode shines a little more light on a dark past . "  As painful as it may be , we need to find the truth about our history , " she said . "  By exhuming and identifying our loved ones after all these years , we give them back their dignity . "	Victoria Montenegro , 36 , learned of her real father just 12 years ago She learned this week that a body found in a Uruguayan cemetery was his She also learned that her adoptive parents were part of the military regime Roque Orlando Montenegro was 20 when he was a victim of the 1976-83 "  Dirty War "
SHANGHAI , China  CNN  -- If it were n't for the Internet , Murong Xuecun might still be working as a sales manager at a car company in the southern Chinese city of Chengdu . That is what he was doing when he started writing his first novel on his office 's online bulletin board system back in 2001 . The Internet is increasingly being seen in China as a tool for literary empowerment , analysts say . Week by week when he got home from work , Murong would post new pieces to a story that painted a bleak yet honest picture of modern urban life in the city where he lived . It contained tales about sex , love , gambling and drugs and became so popular that it soon appeared on numerous other online forums . Today the 35-year-old is considered one of the most famous authors to have emerged in contemporary China . His debut work , "  Leave Me Alone : A novel of Chengdu , " has been read by millions of Chinese "  netizens " -- steady Internet users -- and adapted for film and television and translated into German , French and English . He also is viewed as a pioneer of what has become nothing short of a literary renaissance online in the country , particularly among young Chinese writers . This is a constituency that has struggled to find a platform for their work in a publishing industry that is viewed as conservative as it often faces state censorship . Instead of remaining silent , a new generation of authors has found its voice on the Web . "  It is a very big revolution , " said Yang Hengjun , a political espionage novelist who published his first work online . "  When you write something on the Internet that you ca n't do in reality and you cause a change , that is revolutionary . " The past decade has seen the blossoming of countless literary Web sites and online forums hosting stories from thousands of aspiring authors . Their work is read by millions of Internet users , leading some to assert that in the future all writing , even reading , in China will take place in cyberspace . "  It 's an inevitable trend due to the rapid development of the Internet and conceptual change of people , " said Hou Xiaoqiang , head of Shanda Literature , a division of Shanghai-based Shanda Interactive Entertainment , the largest online entertainment provider in China . "  Ordinary people have started to realize the world ought to be dominated by them , rather than some media or elite , " Hou added . "  Online authors are breaking the rules and using totally fresh concepts . " Shanda Literature operates three of China 's biggest literary portals , including Qidian , one of the most popular . Collectively , the Web sites receive more than 200 million daily page views and have published nearly 30 billion Chinese characters , according to Shanda Literature 's company data . Shanda generates revenues through online advertising and by charging readers small amounts to access popular stories or works from famous authors who have been contracted to write . However , the company is increasingly trying to earn money by licensing online novels to film studios , music producers , game developers and book publishers while protecting the intellectual property rights of its authors . Shanda owns the rights to more than 200,000 works and has already sold a number of licenses to other entertainment companies , including a popular "  Tomb Raider " novel that is being adapted for film by Hong Kong director Johnnie To Kei-Fung . "  Literature is the starting point of all means of entertainment , " Hou told CNN . "  It can provide numerous blueprints for games , music , movies and dramas . A lack of good stories is the main reason of the underdevelopment of entertainment -LSB- in China -RSB- . " Many of China 's usually young and often female cyber-writers are posting their work online with the hope that , like Murong 's novels , their stories will be read by millions , ultimately becoming books or movies and turning the authors into celebrities . The online Chinese literary scene is , in some ways , like a TV reality show . Bookstores now have sections devoted to Internet novels published as paperbacks , while a number of other influential writers have emerged from the Web over the years , including Annie Baobei , whose books about love and loneliness in Chinese cities have sold more than a million copies . "  In America , people have the American dream . In China , people have the online dream , " said Dai Yingniao , a college junior who says almost all of her friends read online fantasy novels about time travel , romance or some mixture of the two . These genres are mostly read by ordinary girls who find life boring , said Dai , noting her roommate especially fancies a novel from the Qidian Web site called "  The Legend of Little Beauty . " "  I prefer real literature rather than imaginary works , " added the 20-year-old . She then described a cyber-novel she is planning to write about a princess who lives during the Qing Dynasty . After leaving her home in Beijing , the princess returns to find she no longer recognizes her family or the society she had lived in a few years before . "  I just want to convey my opinions about today 's life , " Dai said . "  Sometimes euphemism is more powerful . " Today it is more accepted for Chinese publishers to take risks with voices emerging online , many now printing stories that simply would not have been possible a decade ago . Publishing houses often peruse Web sites for talent whose writing can be brought to readers who are not logged on . "  Publishers can come in and say there are readers for this , and this is the demographic and if we want to hit young adults , then this is a great voice , " said Jo Lusby , the manager of Penguin China . " -LSB- The literary Web sites -RSB- are now a very natural part of the publishing scene in China . It is really a convergence of print and online writing . " Yet despite what has been a gradual commercialization and subsequent opening up of the Chinese publishing industry during the past few years , many of the writers who are able to self-publish with freedom online find they still can face substantial censorship when their works are adapted for offline audiences . "  Offline publishing is still tightly controlled and not easy to change , " said Yang Hengjun , whose spy novels are banned in the country . "  Any Internet novel is largely edited when it goes to publishing . " In the long run , however , Yang said he believes the freedom of literary expression on the Internet will spur even further liberalization in the Chinese publishing industry . "  It is a good thing and it is a promising thing , " said Yang . "  Nowadays for more and more people if they want to express themselves , they can go online . "	China now has the most Internet users in the world Publishing houses increasingly patrol Web sites for writing talent , observer says One of China 's biggest literary portals reports 200 million page views a day
CNN  -- Manchester City 's misfiring start to the English Premier League season continued on Saturday with a 2-1 loss to West Ham United at Upton Park . The disappointing league result comes off the back of another lackluster display in the Champions League in midweek which saw Manuel Pellegrini 's side squander a 2-0 lead against CSKA Moscow to eventually draw the match 2-2 . On Saturday , it was City who found themselves two goals down after West Ham 's French midfielder Morgan Amalfitano opened the scoring in the 21st minute before Diafra Sakho netted again with 15 minutes remaining . The Senegalese striker 's sixth goal in as many league games ultimately sank City who managed to pull one back through David Silva but could n't find an equalizer . "  We had a lot of chances to score but it is difficult to win if you do n't take them , " City boss , Pellegrini said . "  I do n't think it was a fault of our team for the performance in the first half , it was more about the intensity of West Ham and you must credit them for that . We are just starting the season , we have 80 points left to play for . So it is early . "  We will continue fighting because there is no title being handed out at the moment . " The win keeps West Ham in fourth place with 16 points , one point behind City who failed to make up ground on league leaders Chelsea . Jose Mourniho 's side will extend their advantage to eight points over City if they beat Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday . Elsewhere , there were wins for Southampton who rise to second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Stoke City . Ronald Koeman 's side kept the winning habit with their sixth victory in seven league matches and now have 19 points from nine matches . Alexis Sanchez scored a brace to give Arsenal all three points against Sunderland -- the Black Cats have now conceded 10 goals in two matches after shipping eight last weekend . The win gave Arsene Wenger a first league win in four matches and lifts the Gunners up to fifth with Swansea City one place behind following a 2-0 win at Leicester City . Liverpool could only draw 0-0 at home to Hull City -- a result which sees Brendan Rodgers ' side slip to seventh in the table . West Bromwich Albion and Crystal Palace also shared the points in a 2-2 draw at the Hawthorns . Dortmund slump continues Borussia Dortmund 's nightmare start to the Bundesliga season continued with a fourth straight league defeat on Saturday against Hannover 96 . Hiroshi Kiyotake 's 62nd-minute winner consigned Jurgen Klopp 's team to a third home defeat of the league season and a sixth loss in all . Their spectacular lack of league victories -- the latest defeat leaves Dortmund hovering above the relegation places in 15th -- is in stark contrast to the club 's Champions League form where they are riding high in Group D with three wins from three matches . Compare that to a league run that has yielded one point in the last six games . "  We ca n't do more , but we can do things better , Klopp said following the latest setback . "  We are n't in a good situation in the Bundesliga and that 's something we have n't come to terms with until now . We 'll continue to fight , the opponent made a lot out of little , we made nothing out of a lot . " There was little to lift the gloom at Werder Bremen either as their manager Roger Dutt was shown the door on Saturday following Friday 's 1-0 loss to FC Cologne . Bremen are without a win this season and are currently anchored to the foot of the table with four points from nine matches . The club has appointed under-23 coach Viktor Skripnik as caretaker manager until a full time replacement can be found . There was joy , however , for Stuttgart who claimed all three points in a 5-4 win at Frankfurt . Martin Harnik and Christian Gentner both scored braces as the visitors leapfrogged Dortmund into 14th place . There were also wins for Augsburg who rise to ninth and Hertha Berlin who move up to 11th . At the business end , Hoffenheim move up to second after a 1-0 win over Paderborn while Leverkusen 's 1-0 victory over Schalke lifts Roger Schmidt 's side to fourth . Bayern Munich will go six points clear at the top of the table if they beat Borussia Monchengladbach on Sunday . Read more : Was it wrong to ban Luis Suarez ?	Man City slump to second league defeat of EPL season Senegalese striker Diafra Sakho nets for sixth consecutive game to down Blues Leaders Chelsea can extend gap over City to eight points with win against Man Utd
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- At least 80 people are dead as a result of a rampage Friday on a Norwegian island , police said , an attack that came shortly after an explosion killed seven others in the Scandinavian nation 's capital . Police have detained a 32-year-old Norwegian man who they suspect opened fire on scores at the ruling Labour Party 's youth camp on Utoya Island , about 20 miles from Oslo . Police spokesman Are Frykholm , who told CNN early Saturday about the death toll spike , said authorities are investigating further , based on information from the man . That attack and the massive explosion in the heart of Oslo are definitely linked , police said . Seven were killed in the attack in the Norwegian capital , officials said . In all , 90 people were hospitalized as a result of the Oslo blast , said Erik Hansen , a spokesman for Oslo Mayor Fabian Stang . The mayor 's staff members were searching for housing for people , many of them elderly , whose homes were damaged , Hansen said . Frykholm , the police spokesman , said that the man arrested on the island appeared to match the description of a person who was seen near the government buildings shortly before the bomb erupted . The man was wearing a police emblem on his blue sweater , though he does not work for police , Frykholm said . The prime minister , whose office was badly damaged in the Oslo blast , leads Norway 's Labour Party , which runs the youth camp , where about 700 people were in attendance on Friday . People at the camp said the man arrived Friday on the boat that ferries visitors across the 3/4-mile of water from the mainland and told campers that he was carrying out a security check , Labour Party member Bjorn Jarle Roberg-Larsen told CNN . "  After just a few minutes , he took a handgun and started to shoot people , " Roberg-Larsen said . "  A panic broke out ; people tried to hide ; some jumped into the water and tried to swim ashore . " Others took shelter in caves or bushes , or climbed trees . "  And he went after them , " the party member said . "  Unfortunately , a lot of people are wounded and also a lot of people are dead . " The acting national police chief , Sveinung Sponheim , told reporters in Oslo that the gun was an automatic weapon and that undetonated explosives were found on the island after the attack . The vast majority of the Labour Party youth movement attendees were between the ages of 16 and 22 , though some were as young as 13 and others as old as their early 30s , Roberg-Larsen said . They had been planning to attend political training classes and participate in group activities during the day and sleep in tents at night , he said . Citing Norwegian broadcasters , he said that the man was stopped by Norwegian police . Roberg-Larsen said the nearest hospital was asking donors to give type O blood , the most common type . "  It 's a bad day for Norway , " he said . "  We have never had any terrorist attack on Norwegian soil before . Today , we have had two , so people are completely shocked . " Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Store , a Labour Party member , said he had visited the camp on Thursday . "  There was political discussion , there was joy , there was everything that is associated with a political youth camp . " He said that the fact that the suspect is a blond Norwegian man should underscore the importance of allowing police to do their work before drawing any conclusions . "  We 've seen in Europe in recent years that politicians have been jumping to conclusions about suspects before investigations have been conducted , and we will not commit that error . " Friday 's events will have an enduring influence on Norway , but will not fundamentally change the country or what it stands for , he predicted . "  Today , free government was attacked , freedom of association was attacked , the spirit of youth was attacked . But we will kick back and say that these are values that are dear to us , and we intend to defend them and Norway will be recognizable tomorrow as the Norway our friends and partners around the world have known so far . " Oslo Mayor Stang said it was a "  terrible day " for Norwegians . Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg was not in his office at the time of the blast and was not hurt , officials said . Afterward , he had a message to whoever may have been responsible : "  You wo n't destroy us , " he said . "  You wo n't destroy our democracy . We are a small but proud nation . No one can bomb us to silence . No one can scare us from being Norway . This evening and tonight , we 'll take care of each other . That 's what we do best when attacked . " Nick Soubiea , an American-Swedish tourist in Oslo , said he was fewer than 100 yards from the blast , which he described as deafening . "  It was almost in slow motion , like a big wave that almost knocked us off our chairs , " he told CNN . "  It was extremely frightening . " Several buildings in Oslo were on fire , smoke billowing from them , he said . One explosion appeared to have occurred on an upper floor of a main government building ; every window on the side of the building had been blown out . The blast also damaged the Oil Ministry , which caught fire . In brief remarks to reporters from the Oval Office , U.S. President Barack Obama extended his condolences to the victims of the violence in Norway , saying the incidents are "  a reminder that the entire international community has a stake in preventing this kind of terror from occurring . " Heide Bronke , a U.S. State Department spokeswoman , said Washington was monitoring the situation but did not have any word of U.S. casualties . British Foreign Secretary William Hague also condemned the attacks . "  We condemn all acts of terrorism , " he said . "  The UK stands shoulder to shoulder with Norway and all our international allies in the face of such atrocities . " British Ambassador to Norway , Jane Owen , told CNN she was working in the embassy when she felt the blast three miles away . "  The whole building shook here in the embassy , " she said . "  It was quite a sizeable explosion and a huge shock . ... The results demonstrate that it was a very large bomb . " She added , "  As we have all experienced , you can never be totally prepared for the horror and the tragedy that unfolds when you do have a major terrorist incident and that is , unfortunately , what the people of Oslo and Norway are now having to cope with . " Stoltenberg , who has been prime minister since October 2005 , heads a coalition government comprising the Labour Party , the Socialist Left Party and the Centre Party . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Joe Sterling , Moni Basu , Chelsea Bailey , Claudia Rebaza and Cynthia Wamwayi contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 80 people killed in Utoya Island shooting NEW : A police spokesman says the death toll may rise on the island 7 killed , 90 people hospitalized after the blast in Oslo The man in custody is a blond , 32-year-old Norwegian
CNN  -- Four continents , 16 cities , 192 "  lost " wallets . That 's the basic formula for a recent sticky fingers experiment by Reader 's Digest . Reporters from the magazine dropped wallets in parks , on sidewalks and near shopping malls in international cities from New York to Mumbai and waited to see how people would respond . Each wallet contained the equivalent of $ 50 , a cell phone number , business cards , coupons and a family photo . Bottom line ? Nearly half -- 47 % -- of the wallets were returned . "  If you find money , you ca n't assume it belongs to a rich man , " said Ursula Smist , who returned one of the five wallets recovered in London . "  It might be the last bit of money a mother has to feed her family , " said Smist , who is originally from Poland . The other seven wallets dropped in London remain at large . Can your cell phone bring down a plane ? Of the 102 wallets subjected to the old "  finders keepers " rule , one was pocketed by a male Zurich tram driver whose employer runs the city 's lost and found office . In Warsaw , five of 12 wallets were returned while the other seven were pocketed by women . The magazine concluded that gender and age are unpredictable when it comes to sussing out honesty . "  The most surprising discovery for the team at Reader 's Digest is that honesty is not a relative , " said Raimo Moysa , editor-in-chief of Reader 's Digest International Magazines . "  For all the people who returned wallets , it was the only way to act in such a situation . " " ` It is something you do naturally , ' said 30-year-old optician 's assistant in Prague when we asked about why she returned the wallet . A 73-year-old grandmother in Rio de Janeiro expressed the same sentiment by saying simply : ` Because it is not mine , ' " Moysa wrote in an e-mail response . Check out the gallery above for a ranking of the most -- and least -- honest cities in North and South America , Asia and Europe . Annoying travel fees -- and how to avoid them	Reader 's Digest dropped wallets in 16 cities and waited to see how people would respond Nearly half of the wallets were returned Click through the gallery above to find out which city 's citizens are least honest
CNN  -- Count one more world leader out of the Winter Olympics , which start February 7 in Sochi , Russia . French President Francois Hollande will not be attending the Sochi Games , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said Sunday . Less than a week after German President Joachim Gauck chose to boycott the Olympics , Fabius was asked about Hollande 's plans for the Games . "  This  has  not been planned ... to attend , " Fabius responded . "  But at the same time I wish all the success for these games . But for now , it is not expected that the highest French authorities attend . " Like German officials , Fabius declined to explain the decision further . Eighty kings , queens , presidents and other world leaders attended the opening ceremony for the 2012 London Summer Olympics , according to the British newspaper The Guardian . Host country Russia has been receiving scrutiny and criticism for alleged human rights violations , harassment of opposition political figures , and a law passed earlier this year banning "  gay propaganda , " which critics have said promotes discrimination . German president will not attend Olympics in Russia Sochi 2014 : Russia to set up protest zones at Winter Olympics CNN 's Lindsay Isaac and journalist Niki Cook contributed to this report	Hollande has no plans to go to the Winter Olympics in Russia , foreign minister says The move comes on the heels of German President Joachim Gauck 's similar choice Russia has been criticized for human rights abuses and discrimination
CNN  Houthi rebels , who deposed Yemen 's government by force , have come to a preliminary agreement for a new government , showing willingness to negotiate , a U.N. official said Friday . It 's a breakthrough , said envoy Jamal Benomar . But it 's not a final deal . Parties to the negotiations are hopeful it will prevent a civil war . It represents a shift of the Houthis ' tone from just a month ago , when they stormed the capital Sanaa with guns blazing . After a years-long conflict with the government , the rebels attacked the residences of President Abdurabu Hadi and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah last month . When the two refused to concede the Houthis ' political demands , the rebels , who are Shiites in a majority Sunni nation , forced them to resign . The offensive and takeover stunned governments in the West , who , along with other countries , pulled out diplomatic staff . Houthi fighters took U.S. Embassy vehicles and would not let departing Marines take their weapons with them . But Western governments have other worries as well . Yemen 's former government was allied with the United States and other Western and Middle Eastern powers in the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- who are Sunni Islamist extremists . There has been little sign so far of how willing to negotiate the Shia Zaidi Houthis , who are supported by Iran and who have been secessionists , might be . The U.N. envoy is helping broker the preliminary agreement between Houthi leaders and the independent , relatively new Justice and Building Party . The Houthis applied pressure to get results , threatening to escalate violence , if no deal were reached , said Justice and Building Party spokesman Baligh al-Mikhlafi . "  This deal is not perfect , but it ensures that Yemen does not collapse , " he said . The agreement outlines only rough points . "  There are still a number of issues on the dialogue table that must be agreed on dealing with the government and presidency as well guarantees for the implementation of the deal , " Benomar said . Yemen 's legislative body , the National Congress , will get a second chamber -- a brand new parliament . The Houthis , who live in Yemen 's north , will get 50 % of the seats and concede 50 % to the country 's south . Half of seats will go to the country 's women and youths , Benomar said . The current House of Representatives will remain as it is for now . The U.N. had called for Houthi fighters to withdraw from government institutions it had captured . Whatever the military concessions , the agreement allows Houthi gunmen to remain in Sanaa .	Houthi rebels depose Yemen 's government in surprise attack in January Parties to the negotiations hope the agreement will prevent civil war
CNN  -- Three suspects appeared in a Mauritius court Wednesday in connection with the death of Michaela Harte-McAreavey , daughter of a leading Irish sports figure and wife of Gaelic football star John McAreavey . The three men are all employees of a luxury hotel where the 27-year-old newlywed was found strangled Monday , according to the Mauritius Police Force . Room attendant Avinash Treebhoowoon , 29 , and Sandip Moneea , 41 , a floor supervisor , have been charged with murder . Room attendant Raj Theekoy , 33 , faces a conspiracy charge . The men appeared Wednesday morning at Mapou District Court in northern Mauritius , police said . They 've been remanded in custody to appear again in court January 19 . "  We believe we have substantial evidence to connect them to the case , " said police Superintendent Yoosoof Soopun , who is leading the investigation . Soopun said the three men were employees of the Legends Hotel , and authorities believe they were inside the teacher 's hotel room when she returned alone . "  We presume they were inside and burgling the room when the lady returned and were surprised and attacked her , " Soopun said . The killer used an electronic key card to enter the room , authorities said . The former beauty queen 's husband was in the restaurant of the hotel when his wife was killed and was not a suspect , Soopun said . She had returned to their room to fetch biscuits to go with her tea . When she failed to return , her husband went to look for her and found her dead , Soopun said . A post-mortem examination showed that she had died from asphyxiation , said Dr. Sudesh Kumar Gungadin . Harte was the daughter of one of the best-known figures in Irish sports , Mickey Harte , the Tyrone Gaelic football manager . In a statement outside his house Tuesday , Harte said his family was "  devastated , " and offered support to his son-in-law . "  What a day she had on her wedding day . She was just radiant , a beautiful girl , and I just love her to bits . So did her whole family , " Harte said . "  We will miss her so much , " he added . "  This is the worst nightmare that anyone can imagine . If you think things can be bad , then you go beyond that because that is where we are . "  This is too horrible to contemplate . We are just all devastated . It is the worst of the worst and our hearts are broken , " Harte said . Harte asked the media to refrain from contacting his son-in-law , who 's "  isolated out there " in Mauritius , he said . "  Our hearts go out to him , " Harte said . "  The lad is devastated . He is our son-in-law . He is a wonderful young man . Please lay off . " Harte-McAreavey taught Irish at St Patrick 's Academy in Dungannon , County Tyrone , in Northern Ireland . She won the Ulster Rose of Tralee contest and participated in other beauty pageants .	The 27-year-old was on her honeymoon with Gaelic football star John McAreavey in Mauritius Mauritius police say McAreavey is not a suspect in his wife 's death "  This is too horrible to contemplate . We are just all devastated , " says her father , Mickey Harte
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama said he was "  deeply disappointed " by a sermon at his church this week that mocked Sen. Hillary Clinton . A video making the rounds on YouTube shows the Rev. Michael Pfleger mocking Clinton for becoming teary-eyed before the New Hampshire primary in January . In the video , Pfleger wipes his eyes with a handkerchief and suggests Clinton wept because she thought that as a white person and the wife of a former president , she was entitled to the presidency . "  And then , out of nowhere , came ` Hey , I 'm Barack Obama , ' " Pfleger said during a sermon Sunday at Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago , Illinois . "  And -LSB- Clinton -RSB- said , ` Oh damn , where did you come from ? I 'm white ! I 'm entitled ! There 's a black man stealing my show ! ' " Watch Pfleger mock Clinton " The video shows the congregation laughing and cheering . Pfleger is a Catholic priest at St. Sabina Roman Catholic Church on Chicago 's southwest side . He is also a friend of Trinity 's former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , from whom Obama distanced himself in April . At the time , Obama said he was "  outraged " by Wright 's remarks suggesting the U.S. government might be responsible for the spread of AIDS in the black community and equating some American wartime efforts with terrorism . Obama has known Pfleger for more than 20 years . His campaign condemned Pfleger 's comments . "  As I have traveled this country , I 've been impressed not by what divides us , but by all that that unites us , " Obama said in a statement Thursday . "  That is why I am deeply disappointed in Father Pfleger 's divisive , backward-looking rhetoric , which does n't reflect the country I see or the desire of people across America to come together in common cause . " The Clinton camp also condemned Pfleger 's remarks . "  Divisive and hateful language like that is totally counterproductive in our efforts to bring our party together and have no place at the pulpit or in our politics , " the Clinton campaign said . "  We are disappointed that Sen. Obama did n't specifically reject Father 's Pfleger 's despicable comments about Sen. Clinton and assume he will . " Pfleger apologized for his comments Thursday evening . "  I regret the words I chose on Sunday , " he said in a statement . "  These words are inconsistent with Sen. Obama 's life and message , and I am deeply sorry if they offended Sen. Clinton or anyone else who saw them . "	Sermon at Sen. Barack Obama 's church took aim at Sen. Hillary Clinton The Rev. Michael Pfleger said Clinton cried because she felt entitled to presidency Obama says he 's "  deeply disappointed " by what he calls a "  divisive " sermon Pfleger apologizes , says his words were inconsistent with Obama 's message
CNN  -- Giving support to young war widows . Providing something as simple as soap to thousands to stave off disease . Taking children from the slums to the soccer fields . These are just some of the actions of ordinary people changing the world . They and others will be honored on "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " and a Hero of the Year named on Sunday night .  Meet the CNN Heroes . But what exactly is a hero ? Over the past few months , some high-profile people have weighed in : "  A hero to me is somebody who puts themselves last , who puts everything on the line for other people , " says actress Lucy Liu . Hip-hop artist Common describes a hero as someone "  who is able to take whatever talent , gift , personality , quality and utilize it to help build others . " "  Anyone can be a hero , " says actor Rainn Wilson of "  The Office . " "  It just takes a little bit of work . " He is helping 2007 CNN Hero Aaron Jackson improve the lives of Haitian children . What do you think ? How do you define a hero ? Who has been an everyday hero in your life ? What are ways you or your community could make a difference ? Share your comments below .	"  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " will air at 8 p.m. ET Sunday The show honors the Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 ; one will be named Hero of the Year What exactly is a hero ? Weigh in with your thoughts
RollingStone.com  -- Scott Weiland has one more reason to be thankful this week -- the Stone Temple Pilots frontman is newly engaged to his girlfriend of one year , photographer Jamie Wachtel , he reveals exclusively to Rolling Stone . It will be the rocker 's third marriage . "  I am incredibly happy , " says Weiland . "  She is incredibly beautiful in every aspect of the word . Lovely , smart , passionate . And she loves my kids and I love her son . We 're getting married in the spring , and our families will be living together ... she 's the greatest thing that 's happened to me in a long , long time . " Weiland met Wachtel last year while filming music videos for his Christmas album , "  The Most Wonderful Time of the Year . " Wachtel , who was photographing the shoot , helped calm his nerves . "  I was kind of nervous because one of the songs -LSB- "  I 'll Be Home for Christmas " -RSB- was a tribute to war veterans from World War II on to today . So I 'm in this vintage World War II dress outfit , and she was taking stills of me , " Weiland recalls . "  I was leaning against this fireplace , and she 's like , ` You might want to tuck in your belly a little bit . ' It was around the holidays -- it was after Thanksgiving , and you know how that tends to be . I was kind of caught off guard , and I started laughing and she started laughing . And I do n't know ... something magical happened . " The two kept talking for the rest of the day , and Wachtel gave Weiland a ride home . "  I just thought , ' I have a feeling that I am going to fall in love with this woman , ' " he remembers . After his prior relationship ended , Weiland took Wachtel on their first date . "  It was truly remarkable , " he says , "  because I had fallen in love a couple times in my life and then for a long time , I 've been very disappointed and to the point where I 've been resolved to the fact that possibly it would never happen again and almost accepted that it would be OK . And then I met her . " Before diving into the wedding planning , Weiland will hit the road later this month for a five-date solo tour , starting on November 25th in Glenside , Pennsylvania . Two of the gigs -- November 26th in New York City and November 28th in Asbury Park , New Jersey -- will include coat drives to benefit victims of Hurricane Sandy . See original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Weiland met Wachtel last year while filming music videos for his Christmas album The pair met last year while he was filming music videos for his Christmas album Before diving into the wedding planning , Weiland will hit the road later this month
Colorado Springs , Colorado  CNN  -- Firefighters reported more advances Monday against the Waldo Canyon wildfire , saying they 've stopped the fire 's growth and are working on putting out hot spots within its charred 17,920-acre footprint . "  It has not moved . Perimeter growth : nothing , " incident commander Rich Harvey said Monday . "  Now we 're into the mop-up mode . " It was hopeful news for the 3,000 residents who remained under mandatory evacuation orders Monday . The focus is on getting people back into their homes as soon as possible , said Steve Cox , who is with Colorado Springs Mayor Steve Bach 's office . "  In some cases , we 're talking days , not weeks , " he said . Evacuation orders for all except the hardest hit areas were lifted by late Sunday for most of the 32,000 residents who were forced from their homes after winds last week whipped the blaze that has been described as the most destructive in state history . The fire killed two people , destroyed nearly 350 homes and damaged dozens more . Photos : Wildfire photographer Kari Greer goes inside the inferno The U.S. Forest Service has warned it could be mid-July before the fire is fully under control . As of Monday evening , the fire was 70 % contained . The blaze is one of several Western wildfires that have burned hundreds of thousands of acres in Colorado , New Mexico , Montana , Utah , Wyoming and South Dakota -- where authorities said a U.S. Air Force C-130 assisting in the firefighting effort crashed Sunday night . The aircraft crashed while fighting the White Draw Fire near Edgemont , South Dakota , the U.S. Northern Command said . No information was available about the crew . The crash prompted the U.S. Air Force to ground all firefighting equipped C-130 planes . Including the one went down , eight such military planes had been deployed since June 24 to fight wildfires in the Rocky Mountain region -- including in Colorado to combat the Waldo Canyon Fire -- and thus are affected by the order , said National Interagency Fire Center spokeswoman Jennifer Jones . While hopes were high for further advances , fire crews were mindful of the possibility of erratic gusty winds that could cause a sudden and unpredictable outbreak , incident commander Rich Harvey told reporters . While crews work to put the fire out for good , investigators are scouring the burned-out landscape for clues to what started the now 17,920-acre fire . The FBI has joined agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives as well as local authorities to investigate the cause of the fire that began in the early afternoon of June 23 in the Pike National Forest , about three miles west of Colorado Springs . Federal agents joined the investigation after reports emerged that an arsonist possibly started the wildfire , which has cost more than $ 11 million to date to fight . Investigators had not yet come to any conclusions , Lt. Jeff Kramer of the El Paso County Sheriff 's Office said Monday . With most of the evacuation orders lifted , a steady stream of motorists made their way on ash-covered roads to their homes late Sunday . "  We 'd ask that  residents return  in an orderly fashion , " said Cox , an assistant to the Colorado Springs mayor . "  Our strategy will be that we continue to shrink that focus area down and down , and get people back in their homes as soon as we can . " District Attorney Dan May warned would-be looters that he intends to deal harshly with anyone who tries to loot evacuated homes , promising potential prison sentences of more than two decades for each break-in . A map released by Colorado Springs officials showed the fire 's fury as it hopscotched through neighborhoods , burning some houses , damaging others and , inexplicably , skipping over some . Lists of addresses put out by local officials spelled out the toll with simple descriptions : "  no visible damage , " "  visible damage " and "  total loss . " On streets with names that reflect the city 's serene surroundings , Majestic Drive and Mirror Lake Court , the toll was unimaginable with nearly every house damaged or destroyed . ` Great day ' as evacuations lifted ; fight continues against Colorado fire Some returned Sunday temporarily to these streets to survey the damage . Among them was Susan Solich , who is caring for her four young grandsons after their parents died last year . She drove onto the street in the Mountain Shadows area where she 'd lived for 18 years to find some trees and homes still standing , but not hers . "  I 've seen pictures , but it did n't really impact me the way it did , turning into my driveway , " Solich told CNN on Sunday . "  My home was gone ; it was imploded into the ground . " Sallie Clark , El Paso County commissioner , said several organizations are working together to help those rebuild their lives , including assembling records . Solich said members of her family wo n't leave Colorado but they 're not necessarily putting down roots again in Colorado Springs either . Her focus for now is taking care of the children and making it through each day . "  It wo n't be quite the same . It 's kind of like the Twilight Zone , " she said . "  So many of our friends are gone , and they wo n't be back . " Ted and Kate Stefani , meanwhile , vowed to return and rebuild . Video they shot showed a giant hole where their home once stood . All that remained was one stray column from near their front door plus a charred seat from which they 'd first spotted flames in the distance . "  We 're going to rebuild there . We love that block , we just love that community . ... And it 's our home , " Ted Stefani said . All told , 52 active fires across the country have claimed 901,215 acres , according to the National Interagency Fire Center . So far in 2012 , the agency has tracked 27,176 fires that have burned nearly 1.9 million acres , the agency said . In 2011 , when wildfires raged across much of Texas , 35,574 fires burned 4.7 million acres , according to the agency . Colorado fire victim films her evacuation Obama tours site of deadly fire in Colorado New app tracks Colorado wildfires CNN 's Martin Savidge , Chelsea J. Carter and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The Waldo Canyon Fire is 70 % contained Fire growth has stopped ; crews are in "  mop-up mode , " incident commander says Some remaining evacuees could be home in days , an official says So far this year , 1.9 million acres have burned in wildfires , federal agency says
