CNN  -- Tiger Woods has raised fears he may be forced to miss the U.S. Masters at Augusta after withdrawing from the Arnold Palmer Invitational . Woods announced Tuesday that he will not play at the event because of a persistent back problem which has troubled him since last year . The 14-time major winner has struggled over the past month and failed to finish the Honda Classic at Palm Beach Gardens where he quit after 13 holes of his final round . Woods , 38 , tweaked his back at the WGC-Cadillac Championship in Miami a week later and is facing a race against time to be ready for the U.S. Masters , which starts on April 10 . "  It 's too early to know about the Masters , and I will continue to be evaluated and work closely with my doctors , " said Woods , who has won at Augusta on four occasions . "  I feel badly that I wo n't be able to play in this great tournament this week . " Woods has won the Arnold Palmer invitational eight times , including the past two tournaments . In a statement on his website , Woods revealed he telephoned Palmer directly to tell him he would be unable to defend his title in Orlando . "  I personally called Arnold today to tell him that , sadly , I wo n't be able to play in his tournament this year , " Woods said . "  I would like to express my regrets to the Orlando fans , the volunteers , the tournament staff and the sponsors for having to miss the event . "  Unfortunately , my back spasms and the pain have n't subsided . "	Tiger Woods could miss the U.S. Masters Woods has withdrawn from the Arnold Palmer Invitational Back problems have been troubling 38-year-old Says it is too early to make decision about Augusta
CNN  Best known for launching the 1970 's all-girl punk rock band the Runaways , producer and manager Kim Fowley has died . He was 75 . "  It is with great sadness that we announce the passing of Kim Fowley , " independent music publisher Peer Music announced on its website Thursday . "  With a career in the music business spanning over fifty years , Fowley was a singularly unique figure in the realms of rock history . " Fowley worked with a wide range of artists , including Paul Revere and the Raiders , the Modern Lovers , Blue Cheer , Kiss and Helen Reddy . But he will be remembered in the rock and roll history books for helping form the California punk band , the Runaways . That all-female group , which featured Joan Jett , released four albums in the late 1970s . One of their hit songs was "  Cherry Bomb . " The band , which became an overnight sensation , broke up in 1979 . "  There was a lurid quality to what he was trying to do " with "  The Runaways , " Rolling Stone contributing editor Anthony DeCurtis told CNN . He said Fowley 's group of "  the teenage girls being dangled out there as jailbait turned out to be really inspiring . What started out as a joke , became really serious . " Jett and her post-Runaways group , the Blackhearts , are being inducted in to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame this year . Remembrances started pouring in on Twitter . Joan Jett tweeted "  Kim was a friend , he taught me so much . I am very sad . " Heavy metal singer Sebastian Bach tweeted "  RIP my friend Kim Fowley the King of the Night Time World , a true Rock and Roll character . " Ariel Pink , a singer-songwriter , tweeted "  rip Kim Fowley . No words . Prayers go out to his wife , kara . His music , life , and spirit will continue to be an inspiration . " British actor and musician Michael Des Barres tweeted "  Kim Fowley -- magician , manipulator & lover of rock 'n roll . I learned & laughed & was in awe of him for over 40 years . " In recent times , Billboard Magazine reported that Fowley was suffering from bladder cancer and "  in an interesting turn of events , former Runaways singer Cherie Curie cared for Fowley during his fight with cancer . " Billboard reported "  their reconciliation came in 2008 following years of legal battles over royalties and harsh verbal tirades in the press . " Fowley was known as a Los Angeles Sunset Strip character , often dressing in outrageous suits and pitching his latest project . "  He would do anything to seize the moment , he was kind of indestructible and you have to admire that , " said DeCurtis . "  It 's necessary for a band to have charisma , and it 's necessary for a band to have a Kim Fowley in there someplace . The behind-the-scenes people are as much a part of rock 'n' roll as the guys onstage ... Kim Fowley is a necessary evil " he told the San Diego Reader in 2012 . People we 've lost in 2015	Kim Fowley is perhaps best know for his work with "  The Runaways " Joan Jett left the band and went onto success with her band "  The Blackhearts "
EW.com  -- Every superhero movie is , on some level , an attempt to demonstrate that a godlike being with flabbergasting powers â $ " he flies ! He wields a megaton hammer ! â $ " also has an inner life . The success of the film hinges on how well it yokes together the external and the internal . "  Thor : The Dark World , " a watchable but technologically over-scaled slab of Marvel boilerplate , is far from a great superhero movie â $ " it 's more like the diagram for one . Having done his time as a magical Norse hunk-out-of-water in "  Thor "  2011  and "  The Avengers "  2012  , our hero  Chris Hemsworth  now finds himself back on Asgard . There , his father , Odin  Anthony Hopkins , serving up his own special brand of highbrow scenery chewing  , enlists him in a battle for the cosmos . Muggles rejoice ! Butterbeer is now being served at Starbucks The Nine Realms are about to converge , which means that the Dark Elves , led by the scowling Malekith  Christopher Eccleston  , can now finally seize their moment to destroy Asgard . Are your eyes already glazing over ? To succeed , the Elves must gain control of the Aether  pronounced " ether "  , a supreme energy force in the form of what looks like a floating spill of red wine . In the film 's rather desperate attempt to personalize the plot , the Aether , which requires a host organism , has leaped inside the body of Jane Foster  Natalie Portman  , the astrophysicist who fell for Thor and has been waiting two years for him to return . Portman plays her like a petulant schoolgirl , and that 's the movie 's notion of a joke : Jane just wants a boyfriend , while Thor , who loves her back , has weightier concerns . Really , though , "  The Dark World " should have given Jane a better reason for hanging around than the fact that she 's playing host body to a glob of extraterrestrial protoplasm . The first "  Thor " was directed by Kenneth Branagh with an elegant verve that made the special effects at once witty and spectacular . Alan Taylor , who directed this sequel , is a prestige veteran of the small screen  "  Mad Men , " "  The Sopranos , " "  Game of Thrones "  , but he brings little of that avid storytelling tightness to "  The Dark World . " Which ` Star Wars ' personality are you ? See the characters ' Myers-Briggs chart The new film sprawls , often with more spirit than reason . And though its images can be exciting  the Oz-like palace of Asgard , airships that glide like daggers  , the battles have a videogame medieval dazzle that temporarily heightens the senses , then leaves you numb . Hemsworth 's Thor is once again a charismatically fast and bold stud-Viking warrior , but now that he 's mostly on his home planet  with occasional forays down to London  , he somehow seems less super . Only when Tom Hiddleston is on screen , as Thor 's dark-souled stepbrother , Loki , does any real drama take hold . Loki has been imprisoned for his treachery , but it turns out that Thor needs his help to defeat the Dark Elves . Can he trust Loki not to betray him ? Hiddleston , with pleading eyes and a mad-dog grin , plays Loki as a wounded sociopath who 's cackling at the world but seething on the inside . Which makes you realize he 's just about the only character in the movie who has an inside . Grade : B - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Critic gives "  Thor : The Dark World " a B - grade Far from a great superhero movie , it 's more like a diagram for one Director Alan Taylor brings little storytelling tightness to "  Dark World " Tom Hiddleston 's Loki is about the only fully realized character
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Boys may soon be able to get Gardasil , the vaccine given to girls and young women to prevent infection by four types of human papillomavirus . Gardasil , a vaccine against human papillomavirus , would be given to boys exactly as it is to girls . A Food and Drug Administration advisory committee voted Wednesday to recommend that the vaccine be made available to boys and young men aged 9 to 26 for protection against genital warts caused by HPV . The vaccine protects against four types of HPV , and two of those are believed to be responsible for 70 percent of cervical and anal cancers , and HPV-associated penile and throat-and-neck cancers . The other two cause 90 percent of genital warts cases , researchers say . At Wednesday 's advisory committee meeting , pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co. , maker of Gardasil , presented data from three clinical trials that the company claims supports broadening the distribution of the vaccine to include males . The trials included more than 5,400 boys and men from six continents and 23 countries . According to Anna Giuliano , an independent scientist at Moffit Cancer Center in Tampa , Florida , and the trials ' principal investigator , "  The data clearly demonstrates that there was a benefit to men in receiving Gardasil . Overall , we saw a 90 percent reduction in disease -- genital warts and pre-cancerous lesions -- caused by HPV in men and an 89 percent reduction in genital warts incidence . "  Essentially , we have a really fantastic opportunity to extend the benefit of the vaccine to men , " Giuliano said . "  This is a sexually transmitted infection ; if we can reduce infection and related diseases in men , we have the potential to have a much broader public health impact by reducing the overall burden of infection and disease in the community at large . " Giuliano said there were no serious adverse events related to the vaccine . There were some minor side effects such as pain at the injection site and low-grade fever . The vaccine would be administered in boys and young men exactly as it 's been given to girls and young women : three doses over a period of six months . Merck spokeswoman Pam Eisele said the cost will be $ 130 per dose . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , about 20 million Americans are infected with HPV . There are 6.2 million new infections each year . The CDC says that at least 50 percent of sexually active men and women get an HPV infection at some time in their life . The American Social Health Association says HPV is the most common sexually transmitted virus and puts that number at 75 percent or more . The CDC says that although HPV is very common in both sexes , most men wo n't develop symptoms or serious health problems , and there is no test to detect the virus in men . The only approved HPV test on the market is for women , for use in cervical-cancer screening . The advisory committee also voted that Cervarix , a new HPV vaccine made by GlaxoSmithKline , appeared to be safe and effective for girls and young women 10 to 25 years of age . Cervarix has been approved in Europe . "  This is an important step in cancer prevention for the millions of girls and young women at risk for cervical cancer , " said Barbara Howe , vice president and director of North American vaccine development for GlaxoSmithKline . "  If approved , Cervarix will provide protection against cervical cancer , a devastating disease that is responsible for thousands of deaths in U.S. women each year . " Still , the panel recommended that Glaxo do more studies that would monitor miscarriages and other problems reported by patients . In a final review , both applications will be considered by the FDA , which usually -- but not always -- follows the recommendations of its advisory committees .	Committee says shots could prevent genital warts in males 9 to 26 Vaccine 's maker claims studies show 90 percent less HPV-caused disease HPV common in both sexes , CDC says , but men develop fewer problems Committee also favors Cervarix , new vaccine from GlaxoSmithKline
Did business disputes play a role in the dramatic demise of Kim Jong Un 's once powerful uncle ? That 's what South Korea 's main intelligence agency appeared to suggest Monday in comments relayed by a lawmaker . The uncle , Jang Song Thaek , was considered instrumental in Kim 's rise to power two years ago . But Kim turned his back on the man once seen as his protector in spectacular fashion earlier this month , having him executed on charges he tried to overthrow the government . Jang 's death was announced in an unusually public declaration from the secretive state . Analysts have put forward a variety of reasons that may have led to Kim 's decision to turn against his uncle and to publicize his execution . Some suggested there may have been a struggle for power between Kim and Jang . Pinning down the truth may prove impossible for a reclusive regime like North Korea . But agents at South Korea 's National Intelligence Service , which broke news of Jang 's initial fall from power before North Korea announced it , are nonetheless trying to get to the bottom of the situation . The agency briefed lawmakers of a parliamentary intelligence committee Monday about what it thinks was behind Jang 's downfall . The head of the agency , Nam Jae-joon , played down the theory of a simple power struggle between Jang and Kim , said Jeong Chung-rae , a lawmaker from the United Democratic Party who attended the briefing . Based on the intelligence agency 's analysis , Jang 's aides in certain government agencies involved in business projects , including coal and trade , overstepped their authority , creating conflicts with other agencies , the lawmaker said . The agency believes Kim may have stepped and demanded that the disputes be resolved -- an order Jang apparently declined to carry out , Jeong said . That decision may have cost Jang his life . "  Jang was purged for violating the supreme leadership , according to the NIS report , " Jeong said . North Korea state media made some references to business wrongdoing by Jang in their expansive recounting of his alleged crimes . "  The Jang group put under its control the fields and units which play an important role in the nation 's economic development and the improvement of people 's living in a crafty manner , making it impossible for the economic guidance organs including the Cabinet to perform their roles , " the state news agency said in the official report announcing Jang 's removal from his posts . It said he had sold off "  precious resources of the country at cheap prices . " Analysts have said that Jang , who was close to Chinese officials , was believed to have a more open mind about capitalist forms of economic development than hardline members of the regime . By discounting the theory of an outright power struggle between Kim and Jang for control of the regime , the South Korean intelligence agency said it believes Kim 's position at the top is stable . The regime is still investigating many of the agencies under Jang 's control , the NIS said , according to Jeong . It also said that it believed that images that showed Jang being dragged out of a large meeting were part of a choreographed event to demonstrate Kim 's power .	South Korea 's intelligence agency offers an analysis of Jang Song Thaek 's execution It suggests business-related disputes may have played a role in his downfall The agency says Jang may have refused an order from Kim to solve the disputes The agency 's analysis was relayed in comments by a South Korean lawmaker
CNN  -- The man Chilean authorities accuse of sparking a wildfire that has consumed more than 31,000 acres of a national park said Sunday that he is innocent . "  It is very important to me to say that this was n't me  who started the fire  . They dropped the case on me , " Rotem Zinger told Israeli army radio . The 23-year-old Israeli national said he was surprised by the way the case against him has unfolded . "  I was not explained what I was accused of . I did not give a testimony . I did not confess . Things rolled out the wrong way through mistranslation . I never intended to admit the blame , " he said . Zinger is accused of lighting a fire in a prohibited area of the protected Torres del Paine National Park in southern Chile , regional prosecutor Juan Agustin Melendez said . Prosecutors also accuse him of making the situation worse by not reporting to authorities that the fire got out of his control . If convicted , Zinger could face a fine and 41 to 60 days in prison , Melendez told CNN Chile . Zinger will be required to stay in the region during an investigation , the prosecutor said . Authorities will be looking into what caused the wildfire for months , Melendez said . Fierce flames have kept investigators from reaching the location where the fire started , he added . The wildfire has been burning since Tuesday . Hundreds of firefighters are battling the blaze , but authorities have said they do n't know when the fire will be under control . High winds stoke the flames for most of the week , though rains in the area Saturday gave firefighters some help . "  We could be talking about a week . We could be talking about a month or more , " said Hugo Knockaert , chief of fire management for Chile 's National Forest Corporation . CNN 's Guy Azriel , Claudia Dominguez and CNN Chile contributed to this report .	"  Things rolled out the wrong way through mistranslation , " Rotem Zinger tells Israeli radio The 23-year-old is accused of sparking a 31,000-acre wildfire in a Chilean national park A prosecutor says the suspect could face a fine and prison time Authorities have said they do n't know when the fire will be under control
CNN  -- Helene Gayle must be one of the few chief executives who dreams of a world where her job does n't exist . In fact , the president of one of the biggest poverty charities on the planet -- CARE USA -- would probably prefer it if there was no need for her organization at all . Yet on any given day there will be a humanitarian disaster unfolding across the globe -- from violence in Somalia , to flooding in Pakistan , and chemical warfare in Syria . And all of them need CARE . "  We always say at CARE that we would love to see if we can work ourselves out of business , " said the 58-year-old . "  If CARE does n't need to exist as it is 20 years from now , so be it . But I think it 's safe to say that there will still be a need for relief in this world -- there will still be an unstable country or a fragile environment . " The business of charity Since it first began over 60 years ago with American charities sending food packages to World War Two survivors , CARE International -- of which CARE USA is a member -- has become one of the largest aid organizations in the world , with 10,000 staff working in some 80 countries . Last year the charity helped more than 83 million people across the globe -- and was ranked the seventh best NGO on the planet in 2013 . It 's an enormous operation , and one which Gayle -- one of Forbes magazines ' "  100 most powerful women " -- has led since 2006 . "  The more you look into health and health inequalities , you realize that a lot of it is not due to a particular disease -- it 's really linked to underlying societal issues such as poverty , inequity , lack of access to safe drinking water and housing , " she said . "  And these are all the things we focus on at CARE . " Women of the world When former pediatrician Gayle joined CARE seven years ago , she became not just the first woman to lead the organization , but the first person of color . While being an African-American female in a business environment usually dominated by white men has n't hindered her career , it 's still something she 's acutely aware of . "  When I walk into a room that is all white and all male , I 'm sitting on the outside of that club . That 's sometimes an intimidating experience , " she said . "  But I think that everywhere that I 've gotten is because I 've worked hard . I have the experience , I have the credentials -- I continue not to take any of that for granted . " Watch : CEO says ` being fearless fueled my success ' It is perhaps unsurprising that Gayle has now made women 's rights a big focus at CARE . "  We know that if you educate a girl , as the saying goes , you educate a nation , " said Gayle . "  That girl will get married later , she will have fewer children , she 's more likely to earn an income and that income is more likely to be plowed back into the family so that the family benefits . " Sixties spirit Growing up in Buffalo , New York , Gayle 's own social worker mother was a huge influence in her career . "  I grew up at a time in the sixties where there was a lot of social change going on -- the civil rights movement , women 's movement , anti apartheid , " she said . "  My mother really gave that sense to us of giving back to the community . She 'd say ` you 've got a good brain , and a big mouth , use it . ' " Gayle did n't disappoint , working for over three decades at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , focusing on HIV/AIDS research . "  Just a few years ago less that 1 % of people who needed treatment -LSB- for HIV -RSB- had access to it and now it 's up to 55 % and growing , " she said . "  We are now on the track to absolutely eliminate pediatric HIV infection globally . " Where there is a will Walk around Gayle 's office today it 's lined with honorary university degrees and awards from Desmond Tutu and Barack Obama . She points to a photograph of herself with Nelson Mandela during a trip with the former U.S. secretary of health to South Africa -- an experience she describes as "  electric . " But among the high-brow accolades , Gayle remains focused on simple achievements such as education , access to clean drinking water , and shelter . "  We believe that it 's possible to eliminate extreme poverty over the next couple of decades . We know what needs to be done and we have the tools , " she said , adding : "  But do we have the will as a world community to do it ? "	Helene Gayle , CEO of CARE USA , talks about the business of charity Pediatrician is also first African-American woman to run organization Former director at Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , specializing in HIV research
United Nations  CNN  -- A new unpublished U.N. report claims North Korea continues to trade banned weapons technology with several countries , including Iran . The report , which was examined by CNN Monday , was compiled by a U.N. panel of experts looking into Security Council violations by the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . The report asserts that North Korea has "  continued to defy the bans on imports and exports of nuclear-related items , of conventional arms and of luxury goods . " In addition , the document says that "  the panel has discovered loopholes and other vulnerabilities in shipping and transportation practices that the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and others have exploited . " One of those trading partners in weaponry and technology , according to the report , is the Islamic Republic of Iran . The panel of experts found "  prohibited ballistic missile-related items are suspected to have been transferred " between North Korea and Iran "  on regular scheduled flights of Air Koryo and Iran Air . " The North Koreans have also used cargo flights and handling because such flights "  lack the kind of monitoring and security to which passenger terminals and flights are now subject . " North Korea was targeted with sanctions by the U.N. Security Council starting in 2006 after it had conducted several nuclear and ballistic tests over the years . The report detailed several examples of illicit arms or technology sales by North Korea that were stopped : -- Thailand reported North Korean arms seized in December 2009 at Dom Muang Airport . The markings of crates suggested the 35 tons of arms were probably part of multiple shipments , possibly headed to Myanmar . -- The panel learned about weapons that would have been delivered to Burundi in October 2009 by a Ukrainian company , possibly by the same aircraft that was impounded two months later in Thailand from North Korea . -- Two states inspected a seized shipment containing propellant for use in Scud-type missiles en route from the North Korea to a Middle Eastern country that diplomats identified to CNN as Iran . Calls seeking comment from the North Korean mission at the United Nations were not immediately returned .	North Korea is doing deals in banned weapons with Iran and others , a U.N. report says The investigating panel finds "  loopholes " and "  vulnerabilities " exploited by North Korea "  Prohibited ballistic missile-related items " are suspected to have been traded with Iran
CNN  -- Doctor James Braude leads a group medical practice in an elegant Atlanta , Georgia , office decorated with designer furnishings . It does n't look like a charity asking for handouts . But it is asking . Obama , pictured July 1 in Virginia , has been touring the states to promote his plan to voters . "  On some days we 've counted up to 30 patients a day who 've lost their jobs and their health insurance , " Braude said . So Braude and his colleagues offer as much free care as they can afford . The doctors have also begun discreetly inviting paying patients to contribute to a fund , helping more people get care they have n't got the money for . "  We 're doctors . We 're addicted to helping people . And when we ca n't , we go through withdrawal . " Millions of Americans have always gone without the kind of routine medical care that is seen as a basic right in many countries . The U.S. economic downturn -- meaning people lose health insurance when they lose their job -- and the election of President Barack Obama have coincided to increase both the need and the opportunity to address the plight of uninsured America . Obama 's ambition is to provide insurance for the estimated 50 million Americans without coverage . Watch why many in rural U.S. have concerns " The insurance is expected to cover doctors , hospital care and prescription drugs . But just about every detail is still being negotiated so it 's not certain who would be covered , what they would be covered for or whether people who do n't want insurance would be forced to have it and pay for it . The plans that emerge could become the Obama administration 's most ambitious domestic program and potentially a big , early test of his presidency . American medical care needs attention Even though nearly 50 million of its roughly 300 million people have no routine health care , the United States spends more going to the doctor than any other industrialized nation in the world . Fully one-sixth of the economy is devoted to it . Under the current hybrid system , the U.S. Government pays for health care for ex-military , the extremely poor and the elderly . But the vast majority of Americans have to pay for their own health care and most do it where they work ; many employers arrange health insurance and partly subsidize the premiums . The rapidly rising cost is crushing all kinds of businesses , from car companies to family farms . At the same time , hospitals and doctors say they are falling behind because the payments they receive from insurance companies are n't keeping up with their costs . "  Within a decade we will be spending one out of every five dollars we earn on health care , " Obama said recently . "  In 30 years , it will be one out of every three . That is untenable , that is unacceptable , and I will not allow it as president of the United States . " The politics : Deep disagreement There is a lot of disagreement about what to do . Congress has the job of actually turning the push for change into a functioning government program . Democratic lawmakers do n't all support the president 's plan or agree on how to pay for it . Republicans are split in a different way . Some lawmakers are trying to influence the Democrats ' plans and others are proposing entirely different alternatives . "  If you look at their plan , it really is a big government-run plan that will take control of the delivery of health care in America , " said Republican congressional leader John Boehner . His suggestion : "  Improve the current system so it works better . " The most profound disagreement centers on whether Washington should create its own new health-insurance concern to compete with the private companies that provide insurance now . Obama and many Democrats favor it ; Republicans are dead set against it . Part of the problem is that insurance companies fear the government will put them out of business , by favoring or subsidizing its own scheme . The other part of the problem is more basic and ideological . The U.S. government already runs enormous health-insurance programs for the poor , the elderly and military veterans -- but many Americans see potentially mandatory government health-insurance as the foreign-born offspring of socialist states . The economics : More debt Political opposition notwithstanding , the economics are going to be a problem too . Health care is a $ 2 trillion-dollar-a-year industry that would have to expand to cover millions of people who are now uninsured . The president has some ideas for new efficiencies but most estimates suggest the total cost of caring for Americans would rise dramatically . Washington is already carrying record debt and would have to find a way to pay for it . One assessment by the Congressional Budget Office of the Senate Democrat plan estimated it would cost more than $ 1 trillion over 10 years and only provide coverage for about 16 million Americans . There 's also the possibility that the impact of reform on many employers and virtually every wage-earner across the country will have a spillover effect on the economy as a whole , still lodged in recession . The health care industry : Undecided Then there is the place where the politics and the economy overlap : the health care industry . Doctors alone have spent roughly two-thirds of a billion dollars lobbying lawmakers in the last 10 years , according to the independent Center for Responsive Politics . Add pharmaceutical companies and hospitals , nurses and other health care professionals and you get one of the most influential forces in U.S. politics . They successfully organized to defeat health care reform when the Clinton administration tried it 15 years ago . The industry benefits from one crucial thing : Americans like their doctors . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released July 1 found 54 percent of people worry that their health care costs would go up if the administration 's proposals get passed and only one in five thinks that his or her families would be better off under the Obama plan . With all that in mind , Atlanta 's Dr. Braude says he 's optimistic the reform can succeed . If not , he says , "  we go back to the same system and we have 50 million people without insurance , which means you are one brain tumor away from bankruptcy . "	About 50 million Americans are without any health insurance People losing jobs in the recession also lose health insurance Government health provision care largely confined to veterans , elderly and poor Extending government role is health care is politically hot potato
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A series of attacks and gunbattles between Mexican drug cartel suspects and police left at least 14 people dead and 22 wounded Thursday night , officials and news reports said . Nine cartel suspects and three police officers died in two ferocious gunbattles in the central Mexican state of Hidalgo , federal official Jose Alberto Rodriguez Calderon said . Another four police were wounded , the government-run Notimex news agency said . El Excelsior newspaper put that figure at 10 agents wounded . Separately , grenade and heavy-weapon attacks on law enforcement installations in two cities in Guanajuato state killed a civilian and a police agent and wounded 18 others , news reports said . The Hidalgo shootouts started when state police searching for several federal agents reported missing found them alive and safe near an auto racetrack in the Mineral de la Reforma municipality , Rodriguez Calderon was quoted as saying in Notimex . Almost immediately after police found the agents , drug suspects nearby started shooting . A simultaneous shootout occurred in the city of La Calera , also in the Mineral de la Reforma municipality , the news agency said . Police were attacked with hand grenades in that confrontation , leaving two officers dead . A third officer died later in a hospital . The nine drug suspects were killed in La Calera , Rodriguez Calderon said . Each firefight lasted 20 minutes . Officials confiscated 1.2 million pesos  more than $ 92,000  , 3 kilograms of cocaine  6.6 pounds  , six AK-47 assault rifles , an Uzi submachine gun , two hand grenades , more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition , four luxury vehicles , 12 cell phones , 11 bullet-proof vests and seven handcuffs , Rodriguez Calderon said . No arrests were made , and one suspect got away , the federal official said . In Guanajuato state , also in central Mexico , gunmen attacked police stations in the cities of Silao and Irapuato , El Correo newspaper reported . In Silao , at least 20 heavily armed hooded men riding in three dark trucks carried out the attacks , the newspaper said . The attackers first launched three grenades against a police station and then fired with AK-47 and R-15 assault rifles , littering the ground with hundreds of spent shells . That attack killed two people . Ten of the wounded were reported to be gravely injured and were transferred to the nearby city of Léon . The assault also damaged 15 vehicles , five of which caught on fire . Thursday 's attacks on police installations resembled assaults last month in a half-dozen cities in Michoacan state . Those attacks were attributed to La Familia Michoacana drug cartel , which was accused of torturing and killing 12 off-duty federal agents around the same time and dumping their bodies on a remote road . Federal police have arrested at least 10 members of La Familia , including some top leaders , since the July 13 killings . The killings and the attacks on police installations were among reprisals by La Familia after the federal police captured one of their top leaders , authorities said . An unprecedented wave of violence has washed over Mexico since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after coming into office in December 2006 . More than 10,000 people have died in that time span , about 1,000 of them police .	Nine drug cartel suspects and three police officers die in gunbattles , authorities say Two shootouts occur in central Mexican state of Hidalgo Drug suspects reportedly started shooting when police searched for missing agents Two killed in attacks on police stations in Guanajuato state
Beijing  CNN  -- China is all set to give out its own first-ever peace prize Thursday , a move apparently to counter the Norwegian Nobel committee 's choice of imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo as this year 's laureate . Organizers told CNN they will present the Confucius Peace Prize -- which comes with an award of $ 15,000 -- in Beijing to promote the ancient sage 's philosophy , a day before the Nobel committee honors Liu in Oslo . "  China is a great nation that has been influenced by the Confucian concept of peace for a long time , " said Tan Changliu , chairman of the awards committee . "  We want to promote world peace from an Eastern perspective . " "  Europe is full of small countries that had fought each other for centuries , " he added . "  We do n't want to see people who do n't understand peace to ruin the concept . " Tan declined to give details about his group -- other than saying it is a non-government organization -- or how the five-judge awards committee operated . His committee has released a vaguely worded statement on its criteria for choosing the winner , but announced this year 's nominees included Nelson Mandela , Bill Gates and the Panchen Lama , a Tibetan Buddhist leader loyal to Beijing . China has responded furiously since the Nobel committee announced its decision on October 8 . Officials have repeatedly called Liu -- currently serving an 11-year sentence for "  inciting subversion " -- a common criminal and the award a Western plot against China . A businessman first proposed a rival peace prize in a commentary on the November 17 edition of Global Times , an English-language newspaper published by the Communist Party mouthpiece People 's Daily . Echoing government spokesmen , Liu Zhiqin said that by awarding the prize to a criminal , the Nobel committee created 1.3 billion "  dissidents " in China . "  We often stress the need to fight for the right to speak , " he wrote . "  China 's civil society should consider setting up a ` Confucius Peace Prize ' ... to declare China 's view on peace and human rights to the world . " China has warned other countries of "  consequences " if they attend Friday 's Nobel ceremony in Oslo . A foreign ministry spokeswoman said Tuesday that more than 100 countries and groups had joined China in boycotting this year 's event . The Nobel committee , which said it had sent out 65 invitations to embassies in Oslo , counted 19 countries that had declined so far -- including China , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Iraq and Iran . Tan , the awards committee chairman for the Confucius Peace Prize , would not divulge the guest list for his event . He confirmed the first honoree is Lien Chan , Taiwan 's former vice president , for his contribution in bridging the gap between the island and mainland China . Lien 's staff said they were surprised to hear the news . "  We know who Confucius is , but do n't know anything about this prize , " said Ting Yuan-chao , director of Lien 's office in Taipei . Despite the perceived rivalry between the two peace prizes , they may have one important thing in common -- the absence of their recipients at this year 's award ceremonies .	The Confucius Peace Prize comes with $ 15,000 The group releases a vaguely-worded statement on the criteria it uses This year 's nominees include Nelson Mandela China has responded furiously to the Nobel committee 's decision to honor Liu
Memphis , Tennessee  CNN  -- They 've been romanticized in movies and songs , but many people really do send messages in a bottle . Chad Pregracke has found 64 of them , accumulating what he believes to be one of the world 's largest collections . The 2013 CNN Hero of the Year stumbled onto them while cleaning up the country 's rivers . Since 1997 , he and volunteers of his nonprofit , Living Lands & Waters , have removed more than 7 million pounds of debris from U.S. waterways . CNN sat down with Pregracke to find out more about his unusual collection and what 's inside each bottle . CNN : How did you come to start this collection ? Chad Pregracke : Well , I found my first one in 1997 , the year I started . There was a large flood on the Mississippi in 1993 , and some guys put a message in a bottle and they threw it in the river and I found it . It had a flag on it . And I just thought it was kind of cool , so I kept it . ... The second year , I found two or three more , and then I started to actually look for them . I try to keep as many as I can . ... It 's pretty cool to find them because  for the most part  you never know how far they came , where they came from , who they came from . CNN : How do you find them ? Pregracke : In my work , I see thousands of plastic bottles out there . But I 'm always scanning , looking in every bottle for a piece of paper . You get psyched out a lot because people have stuffed napkins or wrappers in there . You get kind of excited and then , "  Oh no . " It 's the ultimate thing to find out there . When you 're working , you do n't use that time to open it right then . You put it in  the  boat , think about it and then open it up and read it . There 's usually a lot of anticipation for it , especially at a big cleanup . It 's a romantic idea . And truthfully , most of them are n't like a treasure map . Usually they 're more intimate . ... They 're sort of writing to the universe or the one above , just putting their thoughts out there . CNN : What types of messages have you found ? Pregracke : Oh , so many things . Some of them come hundreds of miles down the river or different rivers . ... Some of them have been found three or four times and passed on , and it 'll keep going down the river and down the river . People will sign them and date them . I 've found lottery tickets , parking tickets , dollar bills . We did find a treasure map , but there was no treasure , I checked . I found one from some guys going to the World Series when it was in Kansas City ; that was like 10 years old . I found one from a girl who threw it in a stream in Lawrence , Kansas , and it made it to the Missouri River and then a couple hundred miles into the Mississippi River . That was cool . I found one for voodoo . It said , "  You are bound now , " and it had a string that pulled the paper tight . ... The newest guy on our board , he was at a cleanup for about 10 minutes and he finds this message in a bottle . It had wax at the top so it would n't leak and all kinds of sparkles and stuff inside . I thought , "  This is going to be a good one . " We could n't see inside the bottle . I got a knife and opened it . This stuff started blowing all over him . It turned out it was the ashes of somebody . It was like the movie "  The Big Lebowski . " But it was cool . There was a note about the guy who passed away , and it also had another note that said : "  If anyone finds this , you are so blessed . Thank you so much . " It was kind of neat that they decided to write a note to someone who might find it someday . CNN : Have you ever gotten in touch with anyone who has sent a message ? Pregracke : Actually , there are fun ones who say , "  If you find this , call me . " I 've called probably three to five of them over the years . Half of them forget they ever did it . The one that I most remember was a truck driver . He was smart , because he put some rocks in the bottle , which weighs it down , which means the current will carry it versus the wind . Anyway , his message gave his name and phone number , so I called him and said , "  Hey , you threw a message in a bottle . " And he said , "  I do n't know what you 're talking about . " And I said : "  Dude , this is you . It 's your name . You must 've thrown it off -- my guess is somewhere near Burlington , Iowa -- and I found it about 90 miles downriver . " And he said : "  Oh my God , I 'm pulling over . I did that five or six years ago ! " He got superexcited . It made his week . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes CNN : Do you think it 's the world 's largest collection of its kind ? Pregracke : It 's the second-largest . I used to think it was the largest , but I just found out maybe a month ago that this dude down in Texas has 150 of them . He 's a professor , and he has been documenting garbage on the ocean since 1978 -- not picking it up , just documenting it . So his collection is bigger . ... But we have found way more than 64 actually . If volunteers find them and want to keep them , I let them , so we 've probably found about 50 more . I just do n't have them . CNN : Do you have a favorite message ? Pregracke : I do . It 's a song that was written for guitar called "  Lavender Is You . " It was thrown into the Wabash River and then went into the Ohio River . It 's a love song . It 's sheet music . ... . There 's actually a lot of them that are pretty heavy , you know ? They 're not treasure maps , but they were written to a lost loved one . ... You do n't want to keep it , because it was meant not to be kept . So you just kind of send those on , even though it feels weird letting a bottle go on .	CNN Hero Chad Pregracke has spent the past 15 years cleaning up U.S. waterways Over that period , he has collected 64 messages in bottles He 's found lottery tickets , sheet music , people 's ashes and even voodoo in the bottles Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton extended his Formula One drivers ' championship lead after finishing fourth at the German Grand Prix . The British driver moved 14 points clear of McLaren teammate Jenson Button , who was fifth at Hockenheim . Red Bull 's Mark Webber retained third after placing sixth , but was caught on 136 points by teammate Sebastian Vettel after the German finished third on his home track after starting from pole position . Ferrari kept their title hopes alive as Fernando Alonso claimed his second victory of the season ahead of teammate Felipe Massa , mirroring their 1-2 at Bahrain in the opening race of the season . Third-placed Ferrari trail leaders McLaren by 92 points with eight races left , with Red Bull in second a further 64 ahead of the Italians . Drivers ' Championship  after 11 rounds  : 1 . Lewis Hamilton  GB  McLaren 157 points 2 . Jenson Button  GB  McLaren 143 3 . Mark Webber  Aus  Red Bull 136 4 . Sebastian Vettel  Ger  Red Bull 136 5 . Fernando Alonso  Spa  Ferrari 123 6 . Nico Rosberg  Ger  Mercedes GP 94 7 . Robert Kubica  Pol  Renault 89 8 . Felipe Massa  Bra  Ferrari 85 9 . Michael Schumacher  Ger  Mercedes 38 10 . Adrian Sutil  Ger  Force India 35 Constructors ' Championship : 1 . McLaren 300 points 2 . Red Bull 278 3 . Ferrari 208 4 . Mercedes GP 132 5 . Renault 96 6 . Force India 47 7 . Williams 31 8 . Sauber 15 9 . Toro Rosso 10	F1 leader Lewis Hamilton moves 14 points clear of McLaren teammate Jenson Button Hamilton finishes fourth at German Grand Prix , with his fellow Englishman fifth Red Bull 's Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel locked on 136 points in third and fourth Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso remains fifth overall despite his victory at Hockenheim
CNN  -- Here are the latest key developments in the violence between Gaza and Israel , and the diplomatic efforts to bring peace , including a cease-fire announced earlier Wednesday . Read CNN 's full story on the attacks and the talks here 4:30 p.m. ET , 11:30 p.m. local  Israel makes arrest in Tel Aviv bus bombing Israel has made an arrest in Wednesday 's bus bombing in Tel Aviv that wounded 24 people , a spokeswoman for the Israel Defense Forces said Thursday . ... 4:40 a.m. ET , 11:40 a.m. local  IDF says fewer rockets from Gaza ; death toll rises An Israel Defense Forces spokeswoman says three rockets have flown out of Gaza toward Israel since the cease-fire began . Earlier figures of five to 12 rockets mentioned by officials are incorrect . Two of the rockets hit open areas , and one was intercepted by the Iron Dome defense system , she said . The death toll in Gaza rose to 163 and 1,225 others wounded as residents and rescuers pulled more people from piles of rubble . ... 9 p.m. ET , 4 a.m. local  The cease-fire is holding "  We assumed it would take a while for the cease-fire to take hold , " Israel 's ambassador to the United States , Michael Oren , told CNN after initial reports of rockets still being launched from Gaza into Israel . "  I understand now that it has taken hold . There has n't been fire for a while and , of course , we are not firing , so there is a cease-fire . " ... 8:30 p.m. ET , 3:30 a.m. local  The agreement The agreement calls for Israel to halt all acts of aggression on Gaza , including incursions and the targeting of people , according to Egypt 's state news agency EGYNews . It was the November 14 assassination by Israeli forces of Ahmed al-Jaabari , the head of Hamas ' military wing , that ignited the fighting . It also calls for the Palestinian factions to cease all hostilities from Gaza against Israel , including the firing of rockets and attacks on the border . Border crossings were to be opened Thursday night , and the movement of people and goods across them was to be eased , it said . ... 6:15 p.m. ET , 1:15 a.m. local  People in Gaza celebrate cease-fire Gazans have been taking to the streets , firing their guns into the air in celebration of what they considered to be a victory over Israel 's military . "  Their attempts backfired against them , " Khaled Meshaal , a Hamas political leader , said of Israel at a news conference Wednesday night . "  They wanted to destroy the infrastructure of the resistance of Hamas . They claim they have done so , and they have not . They are bankrupt . " He cited Israel 's destruction of buildings and killings that included civilians . "  This is their accomplishment , " he said . "  They have nothing else to show . And our rockets continued to strike them until the last minute . " Besides a cease-fire , the agreement calls for the discussion of a number of issues , including freedom of movement in and out of Gaza and a commitment by Israel not to target Palestinian militants within Gaza . ... 2:19 p.m. ET , 9:19 p.m. local  Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev on cease-fire agreement Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said the agreement calls for "  complete and total cessation of all hostile activity initiated in the Gaza Strip . " "  For us , that 's victory . That 's what we wanted , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Israel will hold Hamas responsible for any attacks from Gaza , whether conducted by that organization or any others , Regev said . He said the agreement reflects that understanding . Regev also said the deal calls for immediate talks on economic restrictions on Gaza . "  If the border is quiet , that enables us to be more forthcoming , " he said . "  The arrangements agreed with the Egyptians say we 'll start talking from tomorrow about a process to work on those issues . " ... 12:49 p.m. ET , 7:49 p.m. local  U.S. President Barack Obama on cease-fire announcement President Barack Obama on Wednesday commended Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for following his recommendation to agree to a cease-fire with Hamas that was brokered by Egypt , the White House said . ... 12:41 p.m. ET , 7:41 p.m. local  Hillary Clinton on cease-fire announcement The Israeli-Hamas cease-fire announced Wednesday should "  improve conditions for the people of Gaza and provide security for the people of Israel , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . She made the remark at the news conference at which Egypt 's foreign minister announced the cease-fire would begin at 9 p.m. local time  2 p.m. ET  Wednesday . ... 12:30 p.m. ET , 7:30 p.m. local  Cease-fire to take effect Wednesday night , Egypt 's foreign minister says A cease-fire between Israel and Hamas will take effect at 9 p.m. local time  2 p.m. ET  Wednesday , Egypt 's foreign minister announced in Cairo . ... 12:15 p.m. ET , 7:15 p.m. local  Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal on the Tel Aviv bus attack CNN chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour , in an interview in Cairo , asked Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal whether Hamas was responsible for Wednesday 's bombing of a bus in Tel Aviv , Israel . "  Not Hamas , not others , not other people from , not Hamas . No one can announce except those who committed  it  , not me , " Meshaal said . "  The lesson is what matters . What led to this ? Who created the circumstances that led to this  operation  ? It is  Israeli Prime Minister  Benjamin Netanyahu with his crimes , in killing the kids of Gaza , and the continuity of aggression . He  creates  such ramifications everywhere . This could lead to any kind of reaction as retaliation for what happened in Gaza . " ... 9:25 a.m. ET , 4:25 p.m. local  Israeli President Shimon Peres on chances for a cease-fire CNN 's Wolf Blitzer asked Peres if there would be a cease-fire . "  I hope so , " Peres replied . "  It is not yet done . There are difficulties , in any negotiation there are difficulties , but this time their expectations are over the horizon . But we are waiting and trying . The situation is very strange ; both sides wo n't like a ground operation , neither us or them . A cease-fire is preferred by both sides , but the conditions they start to put  out  are little bit exaggerated . " When asked what Hamas wanted of Israel , he added : "  They want Israel to do nothing . We shall not fly over , we shall not guard the border . Many others . The conditions of Israel  are  basically security conditions . Their conditions are political ones , and this is a contradiction . " ... 8:43 a.m. ET , 3:43 p.m. local  State Department on Hillary Clinton talks with Mahmoud Abbas in the West Bank State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland issued the following statement : "  President Abbas and Secretary Clinton met for half an hour in Ramallah today . President Abbas was joined by Palestinian chief negotiator , Saeb Erakat , and spokesperson Nabil Abu Rudeineh . The secretary was joined by Consul General Michael Ratney , special envoy David Hale and Vice Admiral Harry Harris . The conversation focused on the situation in Gaza and the effort to de-escalate . "  The secretary expressed appreciation for President Abbas ' leadership in encouraging the restoration of calm and his role in maintaining security throughout the area , including in the West Bank . She also underscored her heartfelt concern for innocent lives lost both Palestinians and Israelis and for all those who have been wounded or are living in fear and danger . "  The secretary indicated that we were working to support ongoing efforts to defuse the crisis , especially Egyptian-Israeli conversations , and noted that she would be visiting Cairo later in the day . "  She reviewed her recent conversations with Prime Minister  Benjamin  Netanyahu , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and a number of her ministerial counterparts as well as the president 's phone calls to the Egyptian and Israeli leadership . "  President Abbas expressed appreciation for U.S. efforts . "  The secretary also reiterated the U.S. position opposing the Palestinian initiative to seek observer state status at the U.N. General Assembly , and our view that the best way to achieve statehood is through direct , bilateral negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians . " ... 7:39 a.m. ET , 2:39 p.m. local  U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrives in Cairo , Egypt Clinton touched down in Cairo shortly after 7 a.m. ET and issued the following statement after a bus bombing in Tel Aviv , Israel . "  The United States strongly condemns this terrorist attack and our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and the people of Israel . As I arrive in Cairo , I am closely monitoring reports from Tel Aviv , and we will stay in close contact with Prime Minister Netanyahu 's team . The United States stands ready to provide any assistance that Israel requires . " ... 7:27 a.m. ET , 2:27 p.m. local  White House statement on the Tel Aviv bus attack From the White House press secretary : "  The United States condemns today 's terrorist attack on a bus in Tel Aviv . Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those injured , and with the people of Israel . These attacks against innocent Israeli civilians are outrageous . The United States will stand with our Israeli allies , and provide whatever assistance is necessary to identify and bring to justice the perpetrators of this attack . The United States reaffirms our unshakeable commitment to Israel 's security and our deep friendship and solidarity with the Israeli people . "	The cease-fire comes on the 8th day of violence between Gaza and Israel CNN has multiple crews around the region , bringing you the latest information
Hong Kong  CNN  -- While China has become the world 's second largest economy , doing business in China is now perceived to be more corrupt , according to Transparency International . China dropped five spots to 80th place out of 176 countries surveyed in the 2012 Corruption Perceptions Index . "  The world 's leading economies should lead by example , making sure that their institutions are fully transparent and their leaders are held accountable . This is crucial since their institutions play a significant role in preventing corruption from flourishing globally , " said Cobus de Swardt , managing director of the Berlin-based corruption watchdog . Denmark , Finland , New Zealand , Sweden and Singapore topped the list as the cleanest countries to do business in the world , according to the survey released Wednesday . Somalia , North Korea , Afghanistan , Sudan and Myanmar ranked at the bottom . The United States was ranked 19th in the world , below Japan and the UK and ahead of Chile and Uruguay . China is n't the only emerging economic giant to perform poorly on the index . India was ranked 94th , a step up from last year 's ranking . Russia was 133rd , 10 places higher than 2011 . In Europe , Greece -- whose ailing economy faces tough austerity measures to meet international standards to get bailout cash -- plummeted to 94th place on the list , down from the 80th spot last year . Corruption Perceptions Index 2012 -- Top 25 1 . Denmark 1 .  tie  Finland 1 .  tie  New Zealand 4 . Sweden 5 . Singapore 6 . Switzerland 7 . Australia 7 .  tie  Norway 9 . Canada 9 .  tie  Netherlands 11 . Iceland 12 . Luxembourg 13 . Germany 14 . Hong Kong 15 . Barbados 16 . Belgium 17 . Japan 17 .  tie  United Kingdom 19 . United States 20 . Chile 20 .  tie  Uruguay 22 . Bahamas 22 .  tie  France 22 .  tie  Saint Lucia 25 . Austria 25 .  tie  Ireland Countries are ranked on "  perception " of corruption because statistical collection of illegal activities "  are deliberately hidden and only come to light through scandals , investigations and prosecutions , " the Transparency Index web site says . "  Capturing perceptions of corruption of those in a position to offer assessments of public sector corruption is the most reliable method of comparing relative corruption levels across countries . " Countries were assessed on a sliding scale ranging from 0 for "  highly corrupt " to 100 for "  very clean . " "  While no country scored a perfect score , the majority of countries scored below 50 , indicating a serious corruption problem , " said Huguette Labelle , the chair of Transparency International , in a news release . "  This translates into human suffering with poor families being extorted for bribes to see doctors or to get access to clean drinking water . " "  Equally damaging is the failure of basic services such as education or public infrastructure because public money is being skimmed off by corrupt leaders . Corruption amounts to a ` dirty tax , ' one that hits the poorest and the most vulnerable . "	China dropped five spots to 80th place out of 176 nations in the Corruption Perceptions Index Denmark , Finland , New Zealand , Sweden and Singapore topped the list as the cleanest countries Somalia , North Korea , Afghanistan , Sudan and Myanmar ranked at the bottom The United States was ranked 19th in the world , below Japan and the UK
CNN  -- A cancer treatment that comes in a pill is as effective as the standard chemotherapy for lung patients who had previously been treated for their cancer , according to a study released Thursday . The intravenous chemotherapy treatment had more severe side effects than the pill in this study . Results of a large clinical trial were published in the British medical journal The Lancet . The trial was designed to compare Iressa , a daily pill , to Taxotere , an IV-chemotherapy drug that 's administered every three weeks . This international study included more than 1,400 patients for whom standard chemotherapy had been ineffective . "  Iressa and Taxotere have same survival outcomes , " according to Dr. Edward Kim , lead author of the study and assistant professor in M.D. Anderson Cancer Center 's Department of Thoracic/Head and Neck Medical Oncology in Houston , Texas . The study was paid for by the maker of Iressa , AstraZeneca . Kim says the Food and Drug Administration mandated that the pharmaceutical company conduct this clinical trial . In the study , patients taking Iressa had an average survival of 7.6 months , and 32 percent survived one year , compared with patients getting the chemotherapy drug Taxotere . Their survival was an average of eight months ; 34 percent of patients survived one year . Kim says this is the largest study in lung cancer comparing an oral therapy with chemotherapy . Dr. Bruce Johnson , a lung cancer specialist at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston , Massachusetts , who was not involved in this research , says , "  this study did what it intended to do in showing equivalency . I ca n't imagine any clearer evidence . " One significant difference between the two drugs is in side effects . Patients taking Iressa mainly experienced skin rashes and/or mild diarrhea . Patients on Taxotere had many more severe side effects , including hair loss , numbness in hands and feet , severe diarrhea , a drop in blood cells and nausea . Given the difference , "  the single pill trumps chemotherapy , " said Dr. Paul Bunn , who heads the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer Research and also was not involved in the clinical trial . Johnson says that 5 to 10 percent of patients taking Taxotere will drop out every three weeks because of side effects . Kim points out that if the two treatments have the same survival benefit but one has fewer side effects and is easier to take , doctors want their patients to have the option for this treatment . Currently , no new lung cancer patients can get Iressa , because doctors are no longer allowed to prescribe it . In 2003 , Iressa got fast-track FDA approval as a treatment for patients with non-small-cell lung cancer , specifically for patients in whom standard chemotherapy had failed . The approval was based on two small phase II clinical trials that showed Iressa was able to shrink tumors by about 10 percent , which led the FDA to believe that the drug would lead to a "  positive effect on survival or benefits . " More on Iressa from the FDA When the FDA gives a drug accelerated approval , it requires that the manufacturer continue testing it to determine whether there 's a clinical benefit to the patient . If further studies ca n't show this type of benefit , the FDA has the power to withdraw that drug from the market . But a year later , results were revealed from a larger , phase III clinical trial that compared Iressa with placebo in patients for whom chemotherapy was ineffective . "  Iressa was better but not statistically significant , " said Bunn , who also directs the University of Colorado Cancer Center . Given this information and because another lung cancer pill -- Tarceva -- had shown a survival benefit , the FDA decided that " it is not reasonable to start new patients on Iressa . " Since 2005 , the FDA allows only those already getting Iressa prescribed or those enrolled in clinical trials that were under way at the time to continue taking Iressa . All three lung cancer experts CNN spoke with regularly see patients and have treated them with Iressa or the other available lung cancer drugs . All said they could n't predict whether the FDA would allow new patients to be treated with Iressa based on this and other recent studies . Kim believes that based on this data , Iressa "  is a valid treatment option for patients with pretreated non-small lung cancer . " Both Bunn and Johnson say that more choices in treatment will always benefit the patients .	Study compared pill Iressa and IV-chemotherapy drug Taxotere Patients taking Iressa mainly experienced skin rashes and/or mild diarrhea Patients on Taxotere had many more severe side effects , including hair loss Experts : Unknown whether FDA will allow new patients to be treated with Iressa
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani military removed the chief of the Sindh Rangers as the fallout continues over the taped killing of an unarmed teenager by the paramilitary forces . On Friday , the Supreme Court called on the government to transfer Maj.Gen . Ijaz Chaudhary from his post -- an order that has since been carried out . "  In compliance with supreme courts orders Major General Ijaz Chaudhary , DG Pakistan Rangers  Sindh  has been posted out , " the military said in a brief statement Wednesday . The statement did not say where Chaudhary had been placed . Meanwhile , the six members of the paramilitary force who are accused of killing the teen last week have been turned over to police and will be tried under the country 's terrorism act , a police official said Monday . The Supreme Court has sent the case to an anti-terrorist court , which was ordered to conclude proceedings within a month , said Ahtisham Ali , a senior Karachi police official . Anti-Terrorist Courts in Pakistan are special courts where hearings are expedited and decisions come more quickly than in the regular court system . The accused -- members of the Sindh Rangers -- can be seen opening fire on 17-year-old Sarfraz Shah in a video captured by a local television cameraman and broadcast across Pakistan 's networks last week . Before being shot twice , Shah pleads with the men carrying automatic rifles . "  I am helpless , " he cries . "  Please do not fire . " Shah begs to be taken to a hospital before bleeding to death . The incident was the latest in a series of human rights incidents that has horrified the south Asian nation and deeply eroded public confidence in security agencies . "  This kind of anger among the public and even politicians has n't been seen before , " said Zohra Yusuf , chairwoman of the Pakistan Human Rights Commission . "  It was the way the young man was brutally shot dead in close quarters , " she said . "  And the footage showed very clearly that he was not armed . The footage itself is so crystal clear . It tells the whole story . " Shah tried to rob people at a park named in honor of slain former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . Karachi police official Rafiq Gulsaid Shah pointed a pistol and wanted to steal cash and cell phones . He was handed over to park security and then to the Rangers . Shah apparently tried to snatch the Rangers ' guns , Gul said . That 's when the soldiers opened fire . The video shows Shah reaching for their weapons before backing away . Interior Minister Rehman Malik vowed justice but tempered his comments about Shah . "  There should be no doubt that this video shows an unjust action , " he said . "  Action will be taken against the soldiers , but no one should forget he  the victim  is a criminal . He pointed a pistol at two women and then he tried to rob them . "  There are two things -- one , his criminal record , and another , an unjust killing , " Malik said . "  I assure the relatives of the victim the investigation will be transparent and neutral and the results will be made public . These are the criminals that create problems for the public , but it does not justify killing like this . " Shah 's family insisted that the Rangers had killed an innocent man . "  My son was innocent , " his mother said . "  They killed him . " CNN 's Phil Black , Aliza Kassim and Moni Basu , and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	A 17-year-old man is shot in video that horrified the nation when it was broadcast Sarfraz Shah begs for his life on the video Police say the victim was a thief who threatened people with a gun
CNN  -- UEFA president Michel Platini says he is disappointed that the buildup to Saturday 's Champions League final between Inter Milan and Bayern Munich has been dominated by the coaches , and not the players . The showdown in Real Madrid 's Santiago Bernabeu stadium has been widely billed as a battle between Inter Milan manager Jose Mourinho and Bayern boss Louis Van Gaal . The fact that Mourinho worked under Van Gaal at Barcelona has added intrigue to a match featuring two teams who won the league and cup double in their domestic leagues . Both managers have made bold statements in the run-up to the match , with the Portuguese Mourinho describing the contest as bigger than the World Cup final , while Dutchman Van Gaal claimed that Bayern play more "  beautiful football " than Inter . Can Mourinho beat Van Gaal to become king of Europe ? Platini , who said the final was "  too unpredictable " to call , lamented the focus on the managers but suggested it may be a deliberate ploy to take the pressure off their players . "  It 's not good because the football belongs to the players , not to the coach , for me , " he said in an exclusive interview with CNN . "  But they are two big personalities ; they 've had some problems in their countries at the beginning . They won both the league and the cup , and now they come to the final and perhaps it 's a philosophy to protect the players being in front of everybody , it 's a tactic . " Mourinho and Van Gaal are vying to become only the third manager after Ottmar Hitzfeld and Ernst Happel to win the Champions League with two different clubs . Mourinho won the European title with Porto in 2004 while Van Gaal triumphed with Ajax in 1995 . Profile : Inter 's maestro , Jose Mourinho "  Tomorrow myself or Louis van Gaal will for sure become the third man in that group , " said Mourinho . "  Hopefully , and I speak for myself and also for Louis because I saw him today and he seems to be in very good shape , if we continue in our jobs the one who does n't do it tomorrow  Saturday  will do it in the future . "  I feel we will both join that group , one tomorrow and one later . " Mourinho , 47 , worked as an assistant to Van Gaal for three years when the Dutchman was in charge of Barcelona . "  I think I educated Jose a little but he trains to win , I train to play beautiful football and win , " said the 58-year-old Van Gaal . "  My way is more difficult . "  I think Mourinho is more defensive tactically but he has good players who can decide the outcome of a match . "  I think Inter Milan are a very difficult opponent and I think their matches against Chelsea and Barcelona have proved that . " Profile : Bayern boss Louis Van Gaal Both teams will be missing key players through suspension , with Bayern lining up without French winger Franck Ribery and Inter lacking Brazilian midfielder Thiago Motta . But in keeping with the build-up to the match , Mourinho spent very little of his press conference on Friday talking about his team , and far more time fending off questions about his own future . Reports have linked the Portuguese with a move to Spain 's nine-time European Cup winners Real Madrid next season.Mourinho said he was fully focused on the final and that "  none of us can think about anything else . "  After four or five days I 'll decide , but when the game ends tomorrow I wo n't be able to say . When I won with Porto I knew before that I would leave for Chelsea , but right now I ca n't say , " he added .	Michel Platini says coaches have dominated buildup to Champions League final Mourinho and Van Gaal aiming to become the third manager to win tournament with two teams Van Gaal says Inter play to win and Bayern play "  beautiful football and win " Mourinho will decide his future in the next "  four or five days "
CNN  -- Everyone seems to be buzzing about "  Accidental Racist , " the new musical collaboration between country singer Brad Paisley and rapper LL Cool J -- but this is not the first such tag team from those two genres . Rap and country have intersected before , though not as controversially as the current pairing : "  Accidental Racist " has touched off a firestorm for its subject matter and complaints that the song just is n't that great . Time 's James Poniewozik wrote "  Country star and hip-hop star , trading lyrics and sharing billing for peace . Do n't pre-judge ! Do n't assume the worst of people ! What 's not to like ? " "  Oh God , so much , " Poniewozik wrote . "  The sappy ballad arrangement that sets up the confounding metaphors  ` The red flag on my chest is somehow like the elephant / In the corner of the South / And I just walked him right in the room '  and clunky lyrics  ' I was n't there when Sherman 's March turned the south into firewood / I want you to get paid , but be a slave I never could '  . " "  The basic misrepresentations of history , such as describing Reconstruction as mainly being when ` they ... Fixed the buildings , dried some tears . ' The seriously questionable assumptions about the Starbucks employee dress code :  ` Just because my pants are saggin ' does n't mean I 'm up to no good ' / ` Do n't judge my do-rag '  . " A CNN commentator named Robert said of was "  awful . " "  It 's not even about racism -- it 's about stereotypes , based on how a person dresses . Not all white people wear cowboy hats and not all black people sag their pants . That presumption alone is racist . " Country music star Jason Aldean dealt with charges that he was "  ruining country music " when he paired up with rapper Ludacris last year for the single "  Dirt Road Anthem . " At the time , a blogger from SavingCountryMusic.com discussed the tune in a piece titled "  The Destruction of America 's Distinct Musical Dialects . " "  Negative connotations in media about redneck culture are making many people in rural areas flee from their native habits to adopt customs more indigenous to urban locales , giving rise to country rap with artists like Colt Ford , " the writer stated . "  Jason Aldean 's country rap ` Dirt Road Anthem ' was the best-selling song in country music last year for example . At the same time , the power of pop country is causing similar gentrification in suburban and urban zones as it encroaches into areas it is not indigenous to either . " LL Cool J 's proud of ` Accidental Racist ' Aldean took to Twitter to defend his choice of musical partners after the public railed against him . "  They were bashing the fact that I had him out there and said that I was ruining country music and all this kind of stuff , " the singer told reporters at the time . "  That 's when I went on  Twitter  and said , ` You know , if you do n't like what I 'm doing , nobody 's forcing you to listen . ' I just decided to fire back , which I never do . " Opinion : Do n't be offended by ` Accidental Racist ' Tim McGraw joined forces with Nelly in 2004 for "  Over and Over , " a song which cracked the Billboard Top 10 . While McGraw said he enjoyed working with the St. Louis rapper , he said he did n't consider the song part of his usual genre . "  It ai n't nothin ' country about this song , " McGraw told MTV . "  But it was fun to get in there and sing with him , " he said , adding , "  People are really liking the song . " More recently , Nelly joined country duo Florida Georgia Line for a remix of their song "  Cruise . " Snoop Dogg and Willie Nelson seemed like more of a natural fit -- if for no other reason than their both high publicized love of a certain plant . Nelson sings "  Too many pain pills , too much pot/Tryin to be somethin that I 'm not - Superman ! Superman/Tryin to do more than I can , I got a little outta hand/I ai n't Superman - know what I 'm talkin ' ` bout ? " The rapper follows that up with a little bit of singing himself . One of the most famous songs never released came courtesy of the queen of the crossover , pop/country star Taylor Swift . In 2009 she transformed into gold chain wearing "  T-Sweezy " for a spoof duet with rapper/producer T-Pain during the Country Music Television Awards . They paired up to perform "  Thug Story . " "  What , what ? I knit sweaters yo ! " Swift rapped .	There is lots of chatter surrounding "  Accidental Racist , " a duet by Brad Paisley and LL Cool J There have been other rap/country collaborations Taylor Swift did a spoof duet with rapper T-Pain
CNN  -- Brazilian football legend Pele 's condition has improved , according to a Thursday evening statement from a Sao Paulo hospital . There had been earlier concerns about Pele 's health after Albert Einstein Hospital issued a release that said his condition was "  unstable . " Thursday night 's release said Pele was relocated to the intensive care unit because a kidney dialysis machine he needed was in ICU . "  He is now temporarily on renal support without any additional support , " the statement said . The 74-year-old 's representative and Pele 's Twitter account dispute that the great is in ICU , saying he had been moved to a "  special care " room with greater privacy . "  I want to take this opportunity to let you know that I am doing fine , " his Twitter feed stated . Pele was admitted to the medical facility earlier this week with a urinary tract infection . He recently underwent surgery to remove kidney stones at the same institution . Pele is considered one of the greats of world soccer , winning three World Cups for Brazil in 1958 , 1962 and 1970 . The Brazilian is also one of the most globally recognized faces in sports . CNN 's Barbara Arvanitidis contributed to this report .	Hospital says Pele 's condition improved with move to ICU Brazil soccer legend has had complications since surgery to remove kidney stones The 74-year-old then suffered a urinary tract infection Pele is one of the most globally recognized faces and names in sports
San Francisco  CNN  -- More than 20,000 current and aspiring game makers have converged in San Francisco for the annual Game Developers Conference , where the next wave of gaming trends is on display : next-generation consoles , the growth of free-to-play and independent games , and the explosion of mobile gaming . Game publishers take advantage of the conference spotlight to showcase new games for the first time . Electronic Arts went big at the show by renting out a movie theater to debut a live gameplay demo of the upcoming military shooter "  Battlefield 4 " on a giant screen . Other game companies rented luxury hotel rooms to offer hands-on previews of new titles across a variety of platforms . Here are five games that stood out : ` LEGO Marvel Super Heroes '  Warner Bros. . Interactive Entertainment/TT Games , fall 2013 While Netdevil 's massively multiplayer online game "  LEGO Universe " failed to capture an audience , every LEGO game developed by TT Games has been a huge hit . After having success with DC comic book characters  a result of being owned by Warner Bros.  , TT Games has partnered with its archrival , Marvel Entertainment , to give more than 100 superheroes such as Spider-Man , Hulk , Iron Man , Thor , Wolverine and Captain America the brick treatment . "  LEGO Marvel Super Heroes " offers the patented co-op gameplay and tongue-in-cheek humor that gamers have come to expect from TT Games . The original story will have players taking control of assorted superheroes as they explore a virtual New York , battling enemies such as Loki , Galactus and Sandman . ` Daylight '  Zombie Studios , fall 2013 With a name like Zombie Studios , you 'd assume that "  Daylight " is n't the first horror game from the independent game developer . But it is . It 's also the first horror game for Sony 's new PlayStation 4 . "  Daylight , " which runs on Epic Games ' new Unreal Engine 4 game engine , traps players inside a haunted insane asylum . Armed only with the light and apps from your in-game smartphone , you must try to get out alive . There are no weapons other than your feet -- which are best used to run . Every time you play this game , the horrors that await -- much like the rooms and hallways -- will be different . The developer has written a lot of back story about centuries of souls who were mistreated within the asylum 's walls . And in another twist , the game 's female protagonist is mysteriously suffering from amnesia . One of the most impressive things about this macabre-looking adventure is that a team of six people conjured it up and are self-publishing on PlayStation 4 . ` Infinite Crisis '  Warner Bros Interactive Entertainment/Turbine , fall 2013 Warner Bros. . Interactive Entertainment  part of Time Warner , CNN 's parent company  is showing its commitment to the popular free-to-play multiplayer online battle arena game genre with its second licensed game in as many years . With "  Guardians of Middle-earth " already a hit , the publisher just unveiled the DC Comics-based "  Infinite Crisis . " This game allows five players to choose a superhero or supervillain and team up to battle against another team in unique environments based on six alternate universes . Inspired by the "  Infinite Crisis " comic books , this game 's original story has the barriers between the different dimensions of the DC Multiverse being torn apart . That opens up six variations of each character -- such as a steampunk-themed Gaslight Catwoman and a bloodsucking Nightmare Batman . Each character will have unique combat abilities and weapons . The game will launch with a dozen characters , including Flash , Gaslight Joker , Green Lantern , Poison Ivy , Wonder Woman and Doomsday , and three maps . Turbine , the developer , says it will regularly expand the universe with new maps and characters . ` Battlefield 4 '  Electronic Arts/DICE , fall 2013 While Electronic Arts ' "  Medal of Honor Warfighter " failed to connect with the first-person shooter fan base last fall , the publisher 's "  Battlefield " franchise remains one of its strongest . "  Battlefield 4 " is taking advantage of the new Frostbite 3 engine to bring what the developer promises is the next generation of shooter games this fall . The Swedish developer is n't talking about the game 's new multiplayer options , but it offered a live demo of the game 's single-player campaign on a movie theater screen . The game 's action will send a team of U.S. soldiers , called the Tombstone Squad , to photorealistic locales such as Azerbaijan , Russia and China as they battle a new global threat . The gameplay features a more Hollywood style of action , upping the ante with heavily armed  Russian and Chinese  enemies and tense life-or-death scenarios . This franchise has succeeded on the strength of its wide-open multiplayer battlefields , and this version appears to offer even more open environments and freedom of exploration . ` Thief '  Square Enix/Eidos Montreal , 2014 Developer Eidos Montreal is bringing back a classic first-person action game with "  Thief . " After successfully moving the futuristic sci-fi "  Deus Ex " action franchise forward with "  Human Revolution " last year , the studio is going back in time with the fourth installment of "  Thief . " The game is a reimagining of the stealth gaming franchise rather than merely a sequel . Players will once again take on the role of Garrett , a master thief , and explore a fantasy steampunk world brought to life for next-generation consoles . This story-driven game is n't about shooting , or even killing . In fact , like Arkane Studios ' "  Dishonored " last year , the entire game can be played without killing anyone . Garrett uses his stealth and cunning to traverse the city 's shadows and achieve various objectives , which , of course , include stealing priceless items . He also has an assortment of weapons , such as specialized arrows and swords . The developer , which most recently worked on the multiplayer gameplay for "  Tomb Raider , " promises this game will have mainstream appeal while offering new challenges for hard-core fans of the franchise .	Game makers converge on San Francisco for the Game Developers Conference Show offers sneak peeks at upcoming video games Highlights include action game "  LEGO Marvel Super Heroes , " horror title "  Daylight "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Attackers launched assaults across Iraq over the past 24 hours , killing 11 police recruits and six civilians , including a 7-year-old . Iraqi and U.S. troops conduct a joint patrol Monday in the northern city of Mosul during a push against insurgents . Also , the U.S. military said it killed an al Qaeda in Iraq leader in northern Iraq . The violence erupted as a peace agreement was taking hold in Baghdad 's Sadr City , for weeks the scene of battles between Iraqi security forces and Shiite militias . A suicide bomber exploded his vest outside the house of an Awakening Council leader , Sheikh Mutleb al-Nadawi , about 50 miles  80 kilometers  east of Baquba in Diyala province , the military command in Diyala said . Al-Nadawi was in the house and escaped injury , but a 7-year-old was killed and two of al-Nadawi 's bodyguards were wounded . Awakening Councils are the U.S.-backed Sunni groups that oppose al Qaeda in Iraq . A mortar round landed on a busy outdoor market in Balad Ruz , about 25 miles  40 kilometers  east of Baquba . Three civilians were killed , and nine were wounded . A bomb exploded Tuesday inside a minibus in southeastern Baghdad 's Rustumiya district , killing two passengers and wounding five , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . Insurgents also attacked a minibus filled with police recruits Monday in Baaj , a Nineveh province town near the Syrian border , killing 11 people , according to Mosul police . Iraqi security forces arrested 15 people in connection with the attack . Backed by U.S. soldiers , Iraqi forces have been conducting an offensive against al Qaeda in Iraq in Mosul and the rest of Nineveh province . American-led coalition troops killed a senior al Qaeda in Iraq leader east of Samarra in northern Iraq on Tuesday , the U.S. military said . Meanwhile , the agreement forged to end the weeks of fighting in the capital 's Sadr City is taking hold , government officials and witnesses said . Thousands of soldiers and police officers have moved deep inside the restive neighborhood without resistance from Shiite militia members who have been fighting Iraqi and U.S. troops . The troops have been clearing mines and soon will begin the process of confiscating weapons , officials said . No violence has been reported in the area since Monday . Much of the earlier fighting involved the Mehdi Army militia of Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr and security forces dominated by a rival political party , the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq . The latter is the leading party in the government 's United Iraqi Alliance bloc . The agreement , hammered out between the United Iraqi Alliance and the Sadrists , is intended to clear the neighborhood of weaponry and outlaws and restore stability to the area . Tahseen al-Sheikhly , civilian spokesman for Baghdad 's security plan , said there has been great cooperation among residents , Sadrist supporters and government forces . Gen. Qassim Atta , the military spokesman of Baghdad 's security plan , said Tuesday that checkpoints and patrols have been established and coalition forces are ready to help Iraqi troops , but they have not entered Sadr City . Elsewhere in Baghdad , the trial of Saddam Hussein-era officials Tariq Aziz , Ali Hassan al-Majeed -- also known as Chemical Ali -- and six others resumed Tuesday . They are facing charges in connection with the executions of 42 Iraqi merchants in 1992 . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Attack on Awakening Council official leaves 7-year-old dead Al Qaeda in Iraq leader is killed , U.S. military says Minibuses attacked in Baghdad , Nineveh province Trial of Saddam Hussein-era officials resumes
CNN  -- Rebels in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo began withdrawing from the key eastern city of Goma on Saturday , witnesses said , more than a week after they seized it from government forces . Fighters from the M23 rebel group boarded trucks and other vehicles to head north to outside of the 20 kilometer  12 mile  buffer zone stipulated by regional leaders , a reporter on the ground who was not named for his safety said . Earlier they had begun leaving Sake , a town to the west of Goma . M23 rebels also left their posts at the border crossing with Rwanda , but remained in some parts of Goma as of early afternoon . Tensions mounted in the city as several disputes arose . The M23 wanted to take a large cache of ammunition left by fleeing Congolese soldiers , the reporter said , but MONUSCO , the U.N. peacekeeping force for DR Congo , prevented the rebels from doing so . MONUSCO forces also stopped the rebels from taking vehicles donated to the government by the European Union . The rebel group has been accused of widespread looting by the United Nations and Goma residents . Government forces also looted as they fled last week , witnesses said . The United Nations welcomed M23 's move , but said the group must cease military activity and stay outside of Goma . "  We welcome this withdrawal , but emphasize that this is an early step and that stability in the region remains very fragile , " said Kieran Dwyer , spokesperson for U.N. peacekeepers . Regional leaders and the African Union had called for the rebels ' withdrawal from Goma , supposed to have been completed by Thursday , as a condition of starting negotiations . The regional leaders ' plan foresees an integrated force being deployed for an initial period of three months at Goma airport , Ugandan Gen. Aronda Nyakairima said earlier this week . It would include a 100-strong neutral force , which would be in command , 100 troops from the Congolese army , and 100 members of the M23 , Nyakairima said . Two military observers would also be deployed from each of the neighboring regional powers , while MONUSCO would be responsible for securing the buffer zone outside Goma , he said . The regional leaders also called on the rebels to "  stop all war activities , " and "  stop talk of overthrowing an elected government . " The latest violence has forced more than 140,000 people to flee their homes , according to the U.N. refugee agency , on top of those already forced from their homes by previous rounds of fighting in the volatile region . And aid groups warn the conflict risks triggering a broader humanitarian crisis . Why Congo needs our help The M23 group was named for a peace deal of March 23 , 2009 , which it accuses the government of violating . The soldiers , mostly Tutsis , became part of the national army through that accord . However , they broke away from the Congolese army in April , complaining they were n't being promoted as promised , and because of a lack of pay and poor conditions . The latest unrest continues a cycle of misery in eastern DR Congo , a mineral-rich region at the epicenter of political and ethnic conflict involving its neighbors to the east , Uganda and Rwanda . The area has been embroiled in violence since 1994 , when Hutu forces crossed the border from Rwanda fearing reprisals after the genocide in that country . Why the world is ignoring Congo war	Rebels piled into trucks as they prepared to leave the captured city of Goma , witnesses say Tensions rise as U.N. peacekeepers prevent rebels taking ammunition and vehicles The rebels were told by regional leaders to withdraw at least 12 miles from the city Residents of Goma and the United Nations have complained of looting by fighters
CNN  -- U.S. swimming icon Michael Phelps has confirmed to CNN that he will now retire from competition , having became the most decorated Olympian of all time with six medals at London 2012 . The man known as "  The Baltimore Bullet " claimed his 22nd medal by winning gold as part of the U.S. 4 x 100m medley relay team on Saturday , but Phelps confirmed he has no desire to add to that tally in Rio in 2016 . "  I 'm done , that was my last race and this is my last Olympics , " confirmed the 27-year-old . "  I 'm ready for the next chapter in my life . " Phelps will leave London with four more gold medals , taking his career total to an unparalleled 18 , after delivering a string of performances which silenced a growing number of doubters . Michael Phelps cements legacy as an all-time great "  Looking back , I can say I 've done everything I ever wanted to , " said Phelps , who won medals at three consecutive Olympics after making his debut as a 15-year-old at Sydney 2000 . "  I do n't think it 's too bad to be able to look back on your career and say that . " Ryan Lochte , a winner of two golds in the British capital , was tipped by many to outshine his compatriot , while Yannick Agnel also rose to prominence by winning the 200m freestyle race and anchoring France 's victorious 4 x 200m freestyle relay . "  Ryan and I like racing each other , " Phelps said . "  We bring the best out of each other . It 's fun racing him , he 's tough . He swims a lot of events , just like I do . We had the chance to go head-to-head quite a few times . " On the future of men 's swimming , Phelps said he is looking forward to taking a back seat and watching new rivalries like the one between Lochte and Agnel develop over the next four years . "  We saw some amazing times in the pool this year . I said to Yannick that his 200m free was probably one of the top five greatest swims of all time . "  It 's going to be cool watching these swimmers grow over the next four years and seeing the times they swim . That 's definitely something I 'll stay in tune with and check out what 's going on . " One swimmer who has grown at the Games is China 's Ye Shiwen , the 16-year-old who stunned the world when she swam the last 50m of her 400m individual medley heat quicker than Lochte in the corresponding men 's race . The stunning feat led to suspicions of doping , although there is no evidence to suggest the double Olympic champion has taken any performance-enhancing substance . "  It 's kind of sad that people have a great swim and that 's the first thing they say , " said Phelps . "  People who work hard -- it shows . There are people who just jump to that conclusion sometimes , and it 's not right . "  Being able to watch her was amazing , I 'm happy I actually out-split her over the last 100 ... almost every guy in the 400 IM got out-split by her . "	Michael Phelps confirms to CNN he will retire from competitive swimming The American is the most decorated Olympian of all time , with 22 medals "  The Baltimore Bullet " took six medals at London 2012 , including four golds Phelps backs compatriot Ryan Lochte and France 's Yannick Agnel to continue to shine
CNN  -- On a small , floating piece of ice in the Beaufort Sea , several hundred miles north of Alaska , a group of scientists are documenting what some dub an "  Arctic meltdown . " According to climate scientists , the warming of the region is shrinking the polar ice cap at an alarming rate , reducing the permafrost layer and wreaking havoc on polar bears , arctic foxes and other indigenous wildlife in the region . What is bad for the animals , though , has been good for commerce . The recession of the sea ice and the reduction in permafrost -- combined with advances in technology -- have allowed access to oil , mineral and natural gas deposits that were previously trapped in the ice . The abundance of these valuable resources and the opportunity to exploit them has created a gold rush-like scramble in the high north , with fierce competition to determine which countries have the right to access the riches of the Arctic . This competition has brought in its wake a host of naval and military activities that the Arctic has n't seen since the end of the Cold War . Now , one of the coldest places on Earth is heating up as nuclear submarines , Aegis-class frigates , strategic bombers and a new generation of icebreakers are resuming operations there . Just how much oil and natural gas is under the Arctic ice ? The Arctic is home to approximately 90 billion barrels of undiscovered but recoverable oil , according to a 2008 study by the U.S. Geological Survey . And preliminary estimates are that one-third of the world 's natural gas may be harbored in the Arctic ice . But that 's not all that 's up for grabs . The Arctic also contains rich mineral deposits . Canada , which was not historically a diamond-producing nation , is now the third-largest diamond producer in the world . If the global warming trend continues as many scientists project it to , it is likely that more and more resources will be discovered as the ice melts further . Who are the countries competing for resources ? The United States , Canada , Russia , Norway , Denmark , Iceland , Sweden and Finland all stake a claim to a portion of the Arctic . These countries make up the Arctic Council , a diplomatic forum designed to mediate disputes on Arctic issues Lawson Brigham , a professor at the University of Alaska Fairbanks and an Arctic expert , says "  cooperation in the Arctic has never been higher . " But like the oil trapped on the Arctic sea floor , much of the activity of the Arctic Council is happening below the surface . In secret diplomatic cables published by WikiLeaks , Danish Foreign Minister Per Stieg Moeller was quoted as saying to the United States , "  If you stay out , the rest of us will have more to carve up the Arctic . " At the root of Moeller 's statement is a dispute over control of territories that is pitting friend against foe and against friend . Canada and the U.S. , strategic allies in NATO and Afghanistan , are in a diplomatic dispute over the Northwest Passage . Canada and Russia have recently signed development agreements together . In the same way a compass goes awry approaching the North Pole , traditional strategic alliances are impacted at the top of the world . Who owns the rights to the resources ? Right now , the most far-reaching legal document is the U.N. Convention on Law of the Sea , or UNCLOS . All of the Arctic states are using its language to assert their claims . The Law of the Sea was initially designed to govern issues like fishing rights , granting nations an exclusive economic zone 200 miles off their coasts . But in the undefined , changing and overlapping territory of the Arctic , the Law of the Sea becomes an imperfect guide , and there are disputes over who owns what . One example is the Lomonosov Ridge , which Canada , Denmark and Russia all claim is within their territory , based on their cartographic interpretations . Also complicating matters is the fact that the U.S. has never ratified the Law of the Sea . That has given other Arctic Council nations more muscle to assert territorial rights . So what 's next ? With murky international agreements and an absence of clear legal authority , countries are preaching cooperation but preparing for conflict . There has been a flurry of new military activity reminiscent of days past . Two U.S. nuclear-powered attack submarines , the SSN Connecticut and the SSN New Hampshire , recently finished conducting ice exercises in the Arctic . Secretary of the Navy Richard Mabus said the purpose of the recent naval exercises was "  to do operational and war-fighting capabilities . Places are becoming open that have been ice-bound for literally millennia . You 're going to see more and more of the world 's attention pointed towards the Arctic . " Other Arctic nations are ramping up their military capabilities as well . Just this month , Russia announced that it is deploying two brigades to the Arctic , including a special forces unit . The Russian air force has recently resumed strategic bomber flights over the Pole . Canada , Denmark and Norway are also rapidly rebuilding their military presence . But despite the buildup , almost all of the activity in the Arctic has been within the scope of normal military operations or research . Have we seen this before ? There is a long precedent for countries using the Arctic to demonstrate military primacy . On April 25 , 1958 , the world 's first nuclear-powered submarine -- the USS Nautilus  SSN 571  -- began Operation Sunshine , the first undersea transpolar crossing . Done on the heels of the Sputnik satellite launch , it was a demonstration that the U.S. could go places that its Cold War nemesis could not . For the next three decades , U.S. and Soviet submarines would continue to use the Arctic as a proving ground for military prowess . With the end of the Cold War , that activity waned . But in 2007 , a Russian expedition planted a flag on the bottom of the polar sea floor , almost 14,000 feet below the surface . This "  neo-Sputnik " has brought renewed interest to the Arctic and launched a flurry of activity -- scientific , economic and military -- that is eerily parallel to the decades of tension between the superpowers . The Cold War may be over , but the dethawing of military activity means that the frigid Arctic is once again becoming a hot spot .	Tension is building in the Arctic , where countries are vying for valuable natural resources More oil , natural gas and mineral deposits can be accessed now because of climate change There have been territorial disputes over the underwater land where these deposits rest The Arctic is now seeing naval and military activities it has n't seen since the Cold War
London  CNN  -- Depicting , among other things , Christ 's procession to the cross , Spanish soldiers presiding over an execution in sixteenth-century Flanders and a mysterious mill perched atop a hollow cliff , Pieter Bruegel the Elder 's 1564 painting "  The Way to Calvary " is a complex , multi-layered work laden with symbolism and drama . Looking at it , according to Polish director Lech Majewski , is rather like watching a movie unfold -- which is why he has brought the painting to life in his new feature film "  The Mill and the Cross . " "  I started as a painter and as a poet and I went to make movies strictly because I believed that the painters I was fascinated would be making movies if they were still alive , " he told CNN . Based on a book about the painting called "  The Mill and the Cross , " Majewski 's film shows Bruegel  played by Rutger Hauer  discussing the development of his work with patron Nicolaes Jonghelinck  played by Michael York  . Faithfully recreated vignettes play out alongside scenes portraying the artist 's creative process , while others depict a mysterious miller figure , representing God , presiding over a mill improbably located on top of a sheer , hollow cliff . "  The Mill and the Cross " premiered in London in March , and has received favorable reviews , notably from "  The New York Times , " whose critic Daniel M. Gold called the film an "  inspiring , alluring meditation about imagery and storytelling . " Majewksi is drawn to bringing art to life : he wrote the screenplay for 1996 film "  Basquiat , " about the life of New York artist Jean-Michel Basquiat , and directed 2004 film "  The Garden of Earthly Delights , " which follows an art historian entering into Hieronymus Bosch 's famous triptych . "  For me , Bruegel is time , " said the director . "  You can not just come and look once at one of his paintings , you always have to enter the work . "  He has this magnetic pull and once you 're in , you become entangled in what the figures are doing and you make up your own stories . You can spend your whole life with it , easily outside of the length of a movie , " he said . Transporting the painting into such a different medium , however , took patience : The result is a mix of old-fashioned craftsmanship and the latest in digital film-making technology . Costumes were hand-sewn by Polish seamstresses and dyed with tints made from boiled onions , beetroots and apples , as they would have been in Bruegel 's day ; the "  right " color black was achieved by burning a candle against a pane of glass , rather than relying on computers to recreate the exact hue ; and Majewski himself had to take up Bruegel 's brush and complete a partially-visible tree in the top-left corner of the painting to extend the field of vision for the camera to pan across . But some of the more complex scenes , such as the motions of the mill on the rock , required the use of 3D and CGI . "  Many times I felt that we were doing a digital tapestry , thread by thread , " said Majewski . "  We were extremely lucky in that we were riding the crest of wave in technological advancements because literally every week the guys in the computer department were discovering new plug-ins and new developments in the field and employing it for what I wanted to achieve , " he said . The film , he explained , was composed of layers , because the Flanders of the painting is a surreal figment of the artist 's imagination , comprising seven different perspectives . Obtaining the "  key " to this aesthetic was hard work , said Majewski , because "  Bruegel is a magician in creating these illusory kinds of funnels in the painting . " He added : "  His landscapes are like funnels that your eye is dipped into and goes to naturally ; he knows how to keep your eye employed and moving . " An exhibition of Lech Majewski 's work , including his film installation "  Bruegel Suite , " based on "  The Mill and the Cross " is currently on view at The Wapping Project in London . "  The Mill and the Cross " opens in cinemas in Italy on March 30 , in Argentina in April , and in Spain in June . The painting which inspired the film , Bruegel 's "  Procession to Calvary " is in the collection of the Kunsthistorisches Museum , Vienna .	Painting by Pieter Bruegel the Elder is brought to life in new movie "  The Mill and the Cross " Film by Polish director Lech Majewski , who wrote 1996 film "  Basquiat " Image brought to life through painstaking craftsmanship and latest technology Director describes the resulting film as a "  digital tapestry "
CNN  -- Top seed Maria Sharapova made a surprise exit from the WTA Paris Open when she was beaten in the quarterfinals Friday by German ninth seed Angelique Kerber . Sharapova had beaten Kerber in straight sets on the way to the final of the Australian Open last month , but was below her best as he slumped to a 6-4 6-4 defeat in the Pierre de Coubertin indoor arena . The Russian was playing her first tournament since losing to new World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka in the title match at the opening grand slam of the year . She came through her first match and will rise to No. 2 in the world rankings next week , but despite breaking Kerber 's service twice in the opening set lost control of the match . World No. 27 Kerber broke back twice to forge a 5-4 lead and Sharapova made two unforced errors to hand her the set . Sharapova was also erratic in the second set , again giving up an early break . An backhand which flew out on match point saw Kerber clinch her first victory over a top-10 player . "  It was a tough day because my opponent played really well , " Sharapova told AFP . "  I did have opportunities but I did n't take them today . "  I was up in both sets and I had breaks but she played extremely well -- much better than I did , in any case . Kerbe will play either Belgian Yanina Wickmayer or German qualifier Mona Barthel for a place in the final . Czech world number 51 Klara Zakopalova beat German sixth seed Julia Goerges 3-6 7-5 6-1 in their quarterfinal . Zakopalova will play Marion Bartoli of France after the second seed battled back to beat Italy 's Roberta Vinci , 4-6 , 6-4 7-6 . Bartoli trailed a set and 1-4 and was down 5-2 in the decider before delighting the home crowd with victory over the seventh seed . In other WTA news , Petra Kvitova has pulled out of next week 's Qatar Open with an achilles tendon injury . The Czech will lose her No. 2 ranking to Sharapova on Monday , but is resting after a hectic January which saw her win the Hopman Cup in Perth with compatriot Tomas Berdych . She made the semifinals in Sydney and the Australian Open before helping her country into the semifinals of the Fed Cup World Group .	Maria Sharapova exits Paris Open at quarterfinal stage Top seed beaten in straight sets by Angelique Kerber of Germany Sharapova set to rise to No. 2 in the new rankings despite defeat Current No. 2 Petra Kvitova pulls out of Qatar Open through injury
CNN  -- A footballer in India has collapsed and died during a match after apparently suffering a cardiac arrest . The news comes days after a young footballer experienced a similar attack during an FA Cup match in England . Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba remains in critical condition in a London hospital after effectively dying for 78 minutes when his heart stopped during the game against Tottenham Hotspur . ` Muamba dead for 78 minutes ' According to the All India Football Federation  AIFF  , Bangalore Mars Football Club striker Venkatesh collapsed towards the end of a game Wednesday against South Western Railway in the Bangalore District Football Association ` A ' Division after coming on as a substitute . He was 27 . With no doctor or ambulance nearby , teammates and the club 's physio attended to the player , who was by now having fits , fellow player Janardhan said , according to a report in the Times of India . Why do sports stars collapse ? Local media reports said officials were forced to take Venkatesh to a local hospital in a rickshaw taxi , where he later died . "  There was no pulse or respiration . We gave him CPR and defibrillator shocks , but it was too late , " Dr. Ajith Benedict Royan said , in quotes carried by the Times of India . He said preliminary post-mortem reports suggest the player died of cardiac arrest . Venkatesh had represented Karnataka state at Under 16 and Under 19 level .	Bangalore Mars Football Club striker Venkatesh collapsed towards the end of a game The 27-year died after being taken to a local hospital by teammates Comes days after a young footballer experienced a similar attack in England
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- One week after being shot through the head , U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords is off the ventilator and breathing on her own through a tracheotomy tube , the University Medical Center of Tucson , Arizona , said Saturday . Giffords , who authorities say was the target of a mass shooting by Jared Lee Loughner that left six dead and another 13 wounded , remains in critical condition . Still , in a statement , the southern Arizona hospital said that her recovery "  continues as planned . " Another person wounded in the incident , 58-year-old James Tucker , was released from the hospital Saturday , according to the medical center . Two other victims are in good condition at the hospital , while others wounded had been treated and released earlier this week . The Giffords ' development is the latest milestone for a woman who was critically wounded after a bullet went into her skull , through her brain and then back out her skull . Doctors on Saturday morning replaced the breathing tube that ran down her throat with a tracheotomy tube in her windpipe . That procedure protects Giffords ' airway and allows her to breath independently for the first time since her first surgery after the shooting , the medical center said . A feeding tube was also inserted earlier Saturday into Giffords , to make it easier for her to get needed nutrients . The hospital said that such procedures are "  not uncommon " among intensive care patients suffering serious brain injuries . Police say that a gunman -- who they claim is Loughner , a 22-year-old Tucson resident -- killed several others in a Safeway parking lot in Tucson while trying to assassinate Giffords , who was then holding a constituent meeting . A law enforcement source said Saturday that Loughner had photographed himself posing with a 9mm handgun while wearing a red G-string . It 's not clear when the photo was taken , but it was among those on a roll of 35 mm film that Loughner dropped off at a Walgreen 's store in the hours before the shooting rampage . The Safeway where the shooting ocurred reopened Saturday morning for the first time since the incident . Store officials made a public address announcement inviting those who were in the store to step outside for the observation shortly after 10 a.m. MT  12 p.m. ET  . Some in the crowd approached flower-bedecked barricades marking the scene and placed flowers . One woman , comforted by another in a green Safeway store apron , sobbed as she attempted to place a lighted candle and a handmade card reading , "  God Loves You . " A wreath was placed at the site to honor the victims , Safeway spokeswoman Susan Houghton said . Damage to the store has been completely repaired , she said . Dr. Michael Lemole , the hospital 's chief of neurosurgery , said Friday that Giffords is "  beginning to carry out a more complex sequence " of activity . "  We 're confident  Giffords  is making progress now , " he said . "  We could n't have hoped for anything better given the severity of  her  injury . " In a Friday Twitter post , Giffords ' husband , NASA astronaut Mark Kelly , thanked his "  great followers " for their support . "  GG has been improving each day , " he said . Those killed in last Saturday 's attack included a 9-year-old girl , Christina Green ; Arizona 's chief federal judge , John Roll ; and Gabe Zimmerman , a Giffords staffer . Meanwhile , the investigation into the attack continued as authorities on Friday released a detailed timeline of Loughner 's activity in the hours before the shooting . A day earlier , they found a bag that is believed to belong to Loughner and contains the same kind of ammunition as was used in the massacre . DNA testing on the bag , which contained seven boxes of 9mm ammunition , could take up to 10 days before the results are determined , according to Pima County Sheriff 's Department Capt. Chris Nanos . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Bill Mears , Ted Barrett , Steve Dolce , Susan Candiotti , Greg Morrison and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Giffords is off the ventilator and breathing on her own , the hospital says NEW : Three people injured in shooting are still hospitalized , after the release of James Tucker The grocery store outside of which the shooting occurred reopened on Saturday
Washington  CNN  -- The nation 's first black president could be in danger of becoming a "  one-termer " if he ca n't convince enough white voters that he deserves another four years in the Oval Office . For weeks , he 's hovered around 40 % of white voter support - a level that Democratic presidential candidates have struggled with in the recent past and one that analysts believe Barack Obama must maintain in order to win . At the same time , he has to encourage minority voters to go to the polls and capture 80 % of their support . Do the math : CNN racial bloc voting calculator "  Obama in 08 became the first presidential candidate ever to lose whites by double digits and win . And he could lose them by even more this time and still win . But he ca n't fall through the floor with them , and the polling shows him ... right at the water line of 40 percent that he 'll need , maybe just below sometimes just above , " said Ron Brownstein , the National Journal editorial director and CNN senior political analyst . "  The big qualification : he 's running better among working class whites in the upper Midwest battlegrounds of Iowa , Wisconsin and Ohio than anywhere else and that is his last line of defense in this very close election , " he said . With 59 % support among whites , Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney is hitting record numbers among that group . He is approaching a margin of support last seen by Republican Ronald Reagan in his 1984 re-election . Yet , support for Romney among non-white voters has hovered between 18-20 % , according to national Washington Post-ABC News tracking poll data . During his 2008 presidential campaign , Republican nominee John McCain got roughly 55 % of the white vote and 20 % of the non-white vote . "  This is a long-term demographic problem , " John Avlon , a CNN contributor , said . "  We do n't want to see our politics divided by race going into the future . That is not healthy or sustainable for a nation as large and diverse as we are and this election is shaping up along these fault lines . " The racial trends in this year 's election are part of a complicated calculus in which a greater number of white Republican voters could offset possibly lower turnout among the Democratic base of minorities and young voters . Moreover , an ongoing fight in battleground states over voter identification laws , which some opponents say are efforts to disenfranchise minority voters in a close election and proponents say are needed to prevent fraud , is also a factor . The result is a deeply partisan and polarized election that could hinge -- in part -- on some uncomfortable racial math . "  Part of the reason we 're thinking about this is the dynamic of this being a black president , " said Mark Anthony Neal , a cultural and Black studies professor at Duke University . Is Obama taking black vote for granted ? Neither the Obama and Romney campaigns commented on the racial differences in the polling figures . However , both campaigns have shown that they are aware that the nuances of race factor into potential wins . Romney 's comments during a May fundraiser that "  it would be helpful to be Latino " because were he "  born of Mexican parents , I 'd have a better shot of winning this , " went over poorly with some Latinos -- a voting block the campaign is trying to make inroads with through Spanish language advertisements and dispatching bilingual surrogates . During recent comments to the Des Moines Register editorial board , Obama said : "  I will just be very blunt . Should I win a second term , a big reason I will win a second term is because the Republican nominee and the Republican Party have so alienated the fastest-growing demographic group in the country , the Latino community . " Obama made history when he won the 2008 presidential election -- a feat he accomplished in part with 43 % of the white vote . It was the same percentage former President Bill Clinton netted in 1996 . But Democrats have struggled for the past decade to hold on to white voters during presidential elections , Brownstein said . In 2004 , Sen. John Kerry lost his presidential run after getting only 41 % of that group . In the 2000 election , Vice President Al Gore lost with 42 % of the white vote , 90 % of the black vote and 35 % of the Latino vote . "  Democrats have struggled for several decades to maintain any measurable level of support among whites , especially non-college whites , " Brownstein said . "  No Democratic nominee has won a majority of whites since 1964 . And it 's been especially hard for Democrats to hold onto whites after they have had unified control of Washington , which suggests they are having trouble convincing whites to buy into their vision of activist government . " And Republicans have struggled to woo minority voters . In 2004 , for example President George W. Bush won re-election with 30 % of the minority male and 24 % of the minority female vote . Exit polls from the 2000 election showed that Bush received only 9 % of the black vote and 35 percent of the Latino vote . The number of minority voters has increased since those elections . Over the next several generations , the wave of minority voters -- who , according to U.S. Census figures , now represent more than half of the nation 's population born in the past year -- will become more of a power base in such GOP strongholds as Alabama , Mississippi and Georgia . That hold will extend all the way to California , experts say . GOP problem : ` Their voters are white , aging and dying off ' But for now , the population remains majority white and turnout rates are traditionally lower among minorities -- both factors that could prove problematic for Obama . "  What we 're beginning to see is the Republicans are becoming increasingly white and Democrats are increasingly losing white people . They 're maintaining the minorities , but losing whites ... , " CNN contributor LZ Granderson told the network . "  It 's the message . Something they 're doing as a party that is not appealing to the white voter . And so it is n't just about President Obama . It 's about the platform . " Granderson : Both parties have a huge race problem Political experts attribute part of Obama 's struggles with some white voters to disappointment in his handling of the economy . Discomfort over his shift on such social issues as support for gays serving openly in the military and his administration 's federal mandate requiring religious institutions to offer employees insurance coverage for contraception may keep some socially conservative white voters from casting ballots for Obama , political experts say . But for some voters , a subtle form of racism may also be at play , Neal said . "  If we were in a post-race society , the measurement is not the election of Obama but the re-election of President Obama . He still had to perform and he has been held on a short leash in that context , " Neal said making the analogy that black professional sports coaches and managers are similarly given less room to stumble than their white counterparts . "  Many voters including black voters do n't feel Obama performed exceptionally  on the economy  , " Neal said . "  So much of what we 've seen in terms of Romney support is a fundamental distrust of Obama because he 's not giving the goods . That argument is easier to be made because he 's black . ... It 's not so much they are voting for Romney because he 's white but the economy protects them . They do n't have to feel guilty because of the economy . The economy lets them off the hook . " Whatever the reasons for the gap , Obama will have to work overtime to maintain numbers of white voters who say they will vote for him while convincing minority voters to turn out to vote , said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University . "  To be more comfortable he should be going above 40 percent  with white voters  , " Gillespie said . "  He 's focusing on women , the majority of whom are going to be white , by talking about issues of reproductive health and contraception . He 's going for the white youth vote by talking about student loans . " Both campaigns realize that all of their careful math hinges on getting out the vote . "  They should have a good sense of where their voters are and who their voters are . They should have spoken to them by phone , " Gillespie said . "  And they should have a plan in place to ask them to vote between now and Election Day . "	40 % of white voters say they 'll vote for President Obama -- the minimum threshold he needs to win For at least a decade , Democrats have had lower numbers with white voters in presidential elections Political experts attribute lower white support to party identification trends , economy , social policy , race Obama must hold the line with white voters ; get high minority turnout to win .
CNN  -- Should a sporting event be allowed to continue if a key participant dies during competition ? Golf 's European Tour insisted it should be following the death of Alastair Forsyth 's caddie Iain McGregor on the final day of the Madeira Islands Open Sunday . Known affectionately as Mac by his friends , McGregor collapsed on the fairway with a suspected heart attack as Forsyth was playing the ninth hole -- the last of his round -- and was later pronounced dead . After an initial indefinite suspension of play , and discussions with a number of players and caddies , the European Tour decided the tournament should be completed . "  Everyone at the European Tour extends our deepest sympathies to the friends and family of Iain at this time , " read a European Tour statement . "  Following consultation with the players and caddies involved , however , it has been decided that play should continue and the tournament should finish . " Forsyth , who revealed the 52-year-old Zimbabwean 's death was one of the toughest experiences he has ever had to deal with , backed the European Tour 's decision , insisting McGregor would have expected the show to go on . "  Everybody is in shock . To see that happen to someone in front of your eyes -- I do n't know how or when you get over that , " Forsyth told the European Tour 's official website . "  Myself and playing partners Adam  Gee  and Tano  Goya  met tournament officials and spoke to  European Tour chief executive  George O'Grady on the phone before taking the decision to play on , because we felt that was what Mac would have wanted . " Forsyth went on to pay a glowing tribute to a friend and colleague that leaves behind a daughter . "  He was a guy I 've known for 15 years and was very popular amongst the caddies . Obviously my thoughts go out to his family at this time . For something like this to happen so suddenly is so sad , " he said . "  He 's was far too young for this to happen . He was the life and soul of the caddies ' lounge and a nice guy who will be sorely missed . I 'm absolutely numb . " But while Forsyth welcomed the European Tour 's decision to play on , it was a move that did not prove to be a unanimous one among the Scot 's peers , with Sweden 's Joel Sjoholm , who had previously worked with the caddie , leading the way , expressing his disbelief that the event had continued . Sjoholm 's state of shock and disbelief was shared by many . Prior to McGregor 's collapse , the tournament had been reduced to 36 holes due to adverse weather conditions . Daniel Brooks eventually went on to claim the Madeira Islands Open title , beating Scott Henry in a playoff at the Clube de Golf do Santo da Serra . Brooks , however , was unable to bask in the glory of his maiden European Tour win , given the day 's tragic events that had occurred earlier in the afternoon . "  It 's great to get a win , but it 's not nice to do it in these circumstances , " he told the European Tour 's official website . "  It 's horrible what happened out there so my condolences go out to all of his family . "	Caddie Iain McGregor dies after suspected heart attack at Madeira Islands Open European Tour decides tournament should be completed A number of golf players angered by European Tour 's decision to finish play
Las Vegas  CNN  -- The humble thermostat is getting a 21st-century makeover . And so is the boombox , thanks to a son of the late reggae legend Bob Marley . The 2012 International Consumer Electronics Show does n't start in earnest until Monday , but at a gadget preview event Sunday , some electronics startups seemed determined to give redemption to ordinary appliances , and not just those from children of the Rastafarian movement . In a packed hotel ballroom , companies demonstrated portable televisions , plastic guitars , stoves and solar-powered e-reader cases . Here are five of the more intriguing gadgets we found : Nest thermostat For most of their existence , home thermostats have been mere functional accessories . White or beige , they blend into the wall and only get noticed when someone needs to change the temperature . With an elegantly simple dial that turns blue when cooling and orange when heating , the new Nest digital thermostat seeks to change that . If it looks like something made by Apple , that 's because it 's designed by former Apple exec Tony Fadell , the man behind the look of the iPod . "  We 're the iPhone of thermostats , " said Nest Labs marketing spokeswoman Kristin Bickett , continuing the Apple theme . "  It 's the simplicity of the design . " The Nest saves energy with motion-tracking sensors that detect when people enter or leave a room and adjust temperatures accordingly . It also tracks your energy-use history and energy savings . When it 's connected to Wi-Fi , it downloads software updates automatically . And if you 're lazy , you can control it wirelessly from your couch with your phone or tablet . It sells for $ 249 and is available from heating - and cooling-system installers or at Nest.com , although the website is currently sold out . Marley Bag of Rhythm "  We 're bringing back the boombox from the '80s ! " said House of Marley spokeswoman Karen Korponai cheerfully in what must surely be one of the stranger marketing pitches at a cutting-edge gadget show . Indeed they are . The Bag of Rhythm is pretty much that -- a portable stereo with high-end components , a handsome birch wood face and an iPhone/iPod dock , nestled inside a canvas shoulder bag . Take it to the beach , to the college quad or to your next Hacky Sack game . The rechargeable battery promises five to six hours of music for your dancing , air-guitaring or spacing-out pleasure . The Bag of Rhythm will sell for $ 300 when it hits the market in February , Korponai said . The House of Marley company , which also makes earbuds and headphones , operated under a partnership with the late Bob Marley 's family . One of his sons , Rohan Marley , was at CES to help promote the product . Dyle TV tuner Why is it that your uncle 's clunky old hand-held TV can pick up live channels , but our cutting-edge smartphones are left with 20-second cat videos ? A new device called Dyle can put live TV on an Android phone , iPhone or iPad . The cork-size plastic gizmo has a headphone jack at the end of a short wire , which houses an antenna that can pick up digital TV signals . The wireless TV transmission is the same one that pipes into many homes that do n't subscribe to cable . That means no monthly fee , and watching hours of video does n't add up in costly cellular data bandwidth . Mobile Content Venture , the year-old company formed by such media giants as Fox Broadcasting and NBC Universal , makes the mobile TV service . The company expects people will access live TV from their phones in addition to all on-demand content found online . The over-the-air broadcasts Dyle pulls in are limited to a dozen or so channels . "  We do n't think it 's one or the other , " Erik Moreno , an MCV general manager and also a Fox executive , said in an interview . "  We think consumers want to do both . " MCV and Belkin International , which makes the accessory , declined to announce a price or release date . Those details should come in the next few months , Moreno said . Dyle will also be included in an upcoming Samsung Android phone for MetroPCS , a prototype that MCV demonstrated at the event Sunday . A metal antenna can be extended from the top of the phone to improve reception -- and to make users look like they stepped out of a time machine from 1992 . Guitar Apprentice "  Guitar Hero " publisher Activision Blizzard hung up its ax a year ago , but music equipment maker Ion Audio is breathing new life into the plastic guitar with a new gizmo called the Guitar Apprentice . The Gibson-style guitar body has a slot in the soundboard for an iPad to be inserted . Using a companion application , Guitar Apprentice players can run their fingers across virtual guitar strings while holding buttons on each fret along the neck to play musical notes . The buttons light up to teach newbies proper finger placement for playing each chord . Virtual shredding will commence when the $ 99 Guitar Apprentice hits the market in June or July , an Ion spokesman said . Prospective Doors cover bands can already practice with Piano Apprentice , a $ 100 , 25-note keyboard with a place for hooking up an iPad . Strange days , indeed . Tinke vital-signs monitor Like some similar health-care gadgets , the Tinke is a little gizmo with a sensor that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone . Unlike those devices , however , you do n't have to put a clamp on your finger to read your vital signs . If you simply place your thumb on Tinke 's sensor for 60 seconds , it will tell you your heart rate , breathing cycle and blood-oxygen level . The Tinke also will store your data on your phone so you can chart your heart or breathing rates over hours or days . Manufacturer Zensorium , a Singapore-based company , expects to debut the gadget in mid-2012 and sell it for about $ 100 .	At a CES preview event , CNN goes searching for noteworthy gadgets Among these are a Marley-inspired portable stereo and a guitar that pairs with an iPad New device called Dyle can put live TV on an Android phone , iPhone or iPad
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo netted twice on his return from a ban as Real Madrid cut the gap on Spanish leaders Barcelona to two points with a 3-0 victory at bottom club Xerez on Saturday night . The world 's most expensive player , who scored twice before being sent off in his previous outing against Malaga last month , also hit the crossbar as Real scored all their goals in the final half-hour . Defender Alvaro Arbeloa broke the deadlock in the 64th minute with a low shot past the Andalusians ' goalkeeper Renan Brito before Ronaldo made up for a series of misses . The Portugal forward , who headed against the bar just before halftime , made it 2-0 with 20 minutes to play when he headed home from a cross by Kaka after his fellow expensive pre-season signing drove to the by-line . The Brazil playmaker also set up Ronaldo 's second goal a minute later when he selflessly squared the ball to his teammate . The result put Manuel Pellegrini 's Real team on 53 points from 22 matches ahead of champions Barcelona 's trip to Atletico Madrid on Sunday . Xerez look set for an immediate return to the second division , having earned just 11 points so far this season . Third-placed Valencia lost ground after being held to a 1-1 draw at Sporting Gijon , needing a second-half equalizer from Juan Mata . The mid-table Asturians , who had lost their last four games , took the lead in just the fifth minute when midfielder Diego Castro smashed a drive into the top of the net following a corner . But Valencia , held 2-2 by Sporting earlier this season , hit back as Carlos Marchena and former Gijon player David Villa hit the woodwork . Mata earned a point with 14 minutes left as he gathered a long pass from Ever Banega and slotted past onrushing goalkeeper Juan Pablo . Villarreal gave new coach Juan Carlos Garrido victory in his first home match in charge , defeating seventh-placed Athletic Bilbao 2-1 in a stormy game which saw four red cards handed out and a missed penalty . Joan Capdevila and Nilmar scored in the first half for the home side , who lost 1-0 at Real Mallorca in Garrido 's first outing , with Igor Gabilondo having leveled for Bilbao in the 24th minute . The match erupted in the final minutes as Andoni Iraola had his weak penalty saved by Villarreal goalkeeper Diego Lopez , then Javi Martinez and Diego Godin were sent off following an ugly episode of infringements and Athletic coach Joaquin Caparros was also red-carded in the aftermath . Bilbao ended the game with nine men after Pablo Orbaiz was ordered off after an incident with Ariel Ibagaza . In Italy , Roma returned to second place in Serie A with a 4-1 thrashing of Palermo on Saturday . Cesare Bovo 's 33rd-minute own-goal put Claudio Ranieri 's team ahead at halftime , then goals from Brazilian Julio Baptista and Matteo Brighi made it 3-0 with less than half an hour to play . Sixth-placed Palermo hit back with an 80th-minute penalty to Fabrizio Miccoli , but Norway defender Jon-Arne Riise sealed victory with a superb strike that left the Giallorossi six points behind leaders Inter Milan , who travel to fifth-placed Napoli on Sunday . Fourth-placed Sampdoria climbed to within six points of third-placed AC Milan , who won 3-2 at Udinese on Friday , after a 2-0 home win against Fiorentina . First-half goals from Franco Semioli and Giampaolo Pazzini , against his former club , left Fiorentina in 11th place ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League last-16 tie against Bayern Munich .	Cristiano Ronaldo nets twice as Real Madrid cut gap on Spanish leaders Barcelona Second-placed Real win 3-0 at bottom club Xerez to be two points behind champions Barca Third-placed Valencia lose ground following 1-1 draw away to Sporting Gijon Roma return to second place in Italy 's Serie A with 4-1 thrashing of Palermo
Marjah , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The NATO operation aimed at tackling a Taliban stronghold in southern Afghanistan is making progress , officials say . Operation Moshtarak , in the southern city of Marjah , is going "  very smooth " so far , U.S. Marine Corps Lt. Col. Mark Dietz told CNN Monday . He said the Marines had bypassed several lines of roadside bombs and were in the process of clearing the city "  from the inside out . " There has been some active combat , said CNN 's Atia Abawi , who is embedded with U.S. Marines in Marjah . Watch Marines in action in Marjah The Taliban is "  popping up in various parts of the city , " Abawi said . "  We went just a couple hundred meters outside of the position that we 're usually based in -- we were under gunfire ourselves . " Marjah is "  practically a ghost town right now , " she added . "  You ca n't really find out where they 're hiding . ... They can be anywhere . " Abawi said NATO forces are hoping to draw more "  extremist fighters " out of their hiding places and into combat . Between two and three insurgents are being killed in each clash on average , she said , and NATO commanders "  do n't expect -LSB- fighting -RSB- to die down anytime soon . " Combined forces have been "  conducting a number of mounted and dismounted patrols , " according to a news release from the International Security Assistance Force . "  Elements of the combined force have been engaged in periodic small arms fire fights , and a number of insurgents have been either killed or detained , " ISAF said . The release noted that the combined force "  has sustained some injuries . " Troops recovered $ 8.7 million worth of raw opium , Abawi reported . Clearing out poppy fields is a key part of Operation Moshtarak , the biggest offensive since the Afghan war started in 2001 . The Taliban finances its activities in part through the illegal opium trade . The operation in Helmand province focuses on Marjah and surrounding areas . Marjah , known as the country 's heroin capital , is where the Taliban set up a shadow government . The city is now the "  last bastion " for the Taliban in the Helmand River valley , Dietz said . One of the biggest challenges facing the NATO mission is attacking the Taliban while limiting civilian casualties . On Sunday , 12 civilians died in a rocket attack by coalition troops . ISAF first issued a statement saying the civilians were killed when a rocket hit about 600 meters  650 yards  from its intended target . A senior ISAF official , however , later said the rocket was not off target at all . The official said troops hit the building they were aiming for but did not know that civilians were inside . The official has direct knowledge of the incident , but he declined to be named because an investigation is under way . "  It 's regrettable that in the course of our joint efforts , innocent lives were lost , " U.S. Gen. Stanley McChrystal , top commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , said in a statement Sunday . McChrystal has given troops clear orders to avoid civilian casualties . "  Even if there is a Taliban fighter within a compound and -LSB- troops -RSB- suspect that a civilian is in there , they are not allowed to fire , " Abawi reported . A group of Afghan villagers came to the Marines with two wounded teenage boys . The military treated them and sent them by medevac to the nearest hospital . Villagers told the troops that the Taliban were using private homes to fire at U.S. forces . In an incident not connected to Operation Moshtarak , an airstrike by NATO forces accidentally killed five Afghan civilians and wounded two Monday in Afghanistan , the military said . A joint Afghan-ISAF patrol in Kandahar province observed a group of people who seemed to be burying an improvised explosive device , ISAF said . The patrol called in an airstrike , but later found out that the group was not planting an IED . "  We regret this tragic accident and offer our sympathies to the families of those killed and injured , " Maj. Gen. Michael Regner , ISAF Joint Command deputy chief of staff , said in the ISAF statement . About 15,000 Afghan and NATO forces are taking part in Operation Moshtarak . U.S. troops are leading the mission . "  The majority of the fighting , the majority of the headway being made , is by the U.S. forces , " Abawi reported . She added that she had seen many Afghan soldiers "  and to be quite honest with you , they 're not ready to fight . " More on Operation Moshtarak from Afghanistan Crossroads blog In a statement Monday , Master Sgt. Jeff Loftin , a spokesman for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , said forces were in the "  clearing phase . " Afghan and NATO troops discovered 5,500 pounds of explosives and seized a Taliban commander responsible for small arms ambushes and roadside attacks on troops , Loftin said . Forces were facing primarily small arms fire , he said . Several insurgents have been killed or detained and some coalition troop members have suffered injuries . Loftin did not specify the number of militants and troops wounded or killed . Over the weekend , provincial spokesman Dawoud Ahmadi said 27 Taliban fighters were killed . A Taliban spokesman for the Marjah area disputed the numbers , and said there had been six Taliban casualties while militants had killed 192 troops . The Taliban has often inflated casualty figures in the past . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Frederik Pleitgen , Barbara Starr and Per Nyberg and journalist Mati Matiullah contributed to this report .	NEW : Marines clearing Taliban 's "  last bastion " in area from inside out , spokesman says NEW : Anti-Taliban operation 's progress is "  very smooth , " U.S. military says NEW : Five Afghan civilians killed in airstrike not connected to Operation Moshtarak Troops in Marjah recovered $ 8.7 million worth of raw opium , says embedded CNN reporter
EW.com  -- Chris Renaud , the codirector of "  Despicable Me , " turns the 1971 Dr. Seuss book into "  The Lorax , " a candy-colored feel-good anticonsumerist musical . It 's got a winningly whimsical Seussian spirit , though it could have used a pinch of his doggerel-driven anarchy .  Seuss ' brilliantly playful language ? Not there .  Zac Efron nicely voices Ted , a boy who wonders why there are no trees in Thneedville . His foray outside the city walls leads him to the Once-ler  Ed Helms  , a hipster who found a paradise of trees that look like furry lollipops , then cut them all down to get rich . The movie is like a less original "  WALLâ $ cents E , " but it 's still vibrant and touching . B + See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	` The Lorax ' has a winningly whimsical Seussian spirit Zac Efron nicely voices Ted The movie is like a less original "  WALLâ $ cents E , "
CNN  -- Google began an ambitious project in 2004 : to scan and index the world 's paper books and make them searchable online . Nine years later , the company has overcome a major roadblock in its mission . On Thursday , a judge dismissed a class-action lawsuit against the Google Books project brought by authors who claimed the project violated their copyrights . By sheer numbers , the Google Books project has been a huge success . More than 20 million books and magazines have been scanned using optical character-recognition technology , making each word or phrase searchable , so snippets of text are part of Google search results . It also has been a lightning rod for controversy . Google did not seek approval to scan many books that were still under copyright , nor did it offer to compensate authors or publishers in any way , claiming the scans were fair use . The program does n't put entire books online for free . If a book is still under copyright , search results will only show the brief section that includes the word or phrase searched for and the page number it appears on , along with details about the book itself . Google compares the system to a card catalog . Books that are out of copyright can be viewed in full and even downloaded , and people can buy books whose authors or publishers are part of Google 's Partner Program . "  As we have long said , Google Books is in compliance with copyright law and acts like a card catalog for the digital age , giving users the ability to find books to buy or borrow , " said a Google spokesperson . Because the company only shows "  snippets " of the books in search results , it claims the project falls under fair use . Fair use is an exception to copyright law that allows copyrighted work to be sampled or used in certain circumstances , typically by altering or using the original work in a new "  transformative " way . "  The use of book text to facilitate search through the display of snippets is transformative , " Judge Denny Chin said in his ruling . He said the Google Books program provided benefits to the public . "  It advances the progress of the arts and sciences , while maintaining respectful consideration for the rights of authors and other creative individuals , and without adversely impacting the rights of copyright holders , " said Chin . Opinion : Why I took on Google over orgy images The ruling notes that the majority of the books scanned are out of print , and that Google provided digital copies to the libraries that allowed them to scan their collections . The books scanned are also primarily nonfiction titles , which have less copyright protection than fiction . The Google database is used by researchers , librarians and educators and greatly expands access to books around the world by putting them online . By converting print to digital text , the program has also made it easier to convert titles into more accessible formats , like text-to-speech and Braille . "  This has been a long road and we are absolutely delighted with today 's judgment , " said the Google spokesperson . Google patenting an electronic ` throat tattoo '	Judge dismisses class-action lawsuit against Google 's book-scanning program on Thursday Google Book program has scanned millions of paper books , made the text searchable online Authors complained the Google project infringes on their copyright
CNN Student News  -- January 4 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria Newtown , Connecticut Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . CareerBuilder.com  -- Work ca n't get much worse than when it stinks -- literally . For Stephen Viscusi , work stinks everyday . "  I work near an executive  woman  that does work out at lunchtime , " Viscusi says . "  She returns smelling like body odor and Chanel No. 5 . It does n't cut it . " Rather than let his co-worker continue smelling up the office , Viscusi , author of "  On the Job : How to Make It in the Real World of Work , " took the high road and told his colleague she had a small problem . He says the sheer embarrassment motivated her to not only shower , but not to take it personally or hold a grudge . "  Never be afraid to confront annoying co-workers head on , " Viscusi says . "  Remember they are peers , not the boss . " There 's  at least  one annoying co-worker in every office . Whether it 's the chatty-Cathy , smelly-Steven , tag-along-Tammy , or just "  that guy , " difficult co-workers  unfortunately  are the standard in the workplace -- not the exception . Most difficult co-workers are oblivious to their nightmare behavior . Avoiding them is out of the question . If you do make a comment , they stare at you like you 're from the moon . Your feelings have been building up for months -- maybe even years -- and it 's time to do something about it . You can either pull your hair out over their obnoxious behaviors -- or , you can deal with them accordingly . Define the Problem  aka "  Co-worker " In "  The Worst Case Scenario Survival Handbook : Work "  Chronicle Books  , Joshua Piven and David Borgenicht describe four possible types of co-workers . The Talker ... just wo n't shut up ; engages in long-winded , one-sided conversations on relatively trivial subjects ; and always has something to say about something  or someone  . The Kiss-Up ... craves approval mostly from the boss , but will also seek approval from you . The TMI  Too Much Information  ... has no boundaries and no shame . He/she will share every piece of unpleasant and personal information with you , without sparing a detail . The Gossip ... much like the TMI , will share any and every story -- as long as it 's not theirs . Carly Drum , a workplace etiquette expert with New York-based executive search firm Drum Associates , offers these tips if a co-worker is annoying you : Tip No. 1 : Take a break . When you are spending more than 40 hours per week indoors with the same people , something is bound to bother you , Drum says . "  Everyone is going to have some sort of mannerism that bothers you , whether they crack their gum too loud or just hold their pen wrong . " Drum says . Step outside for a breath of fresh air or run out to get a cup of coffee , she suggests . "  It 's human nature to get bothered by the little things , so just accept it and take a break ! " Tip No. 2 : Be mentally tough . Do n't let another colleague 's bad habits hurt your concentration and productivity at work . Drum suggests ignoring him or her as best you can and limiting your daily interactions with them . "  If career advancement is important to you , then always try to act professionally in the workplace regardless of what an annoying co-worker might do , " Drum offers . Tip No. 3 : Discuss the problem with your co-worker .  ... In a non-judgmental , non-confrontational way of course ...  Drum agrees with Viscusi that you should n't be afraid to say something to your co-worker . Depending on what the behavior is that 's bothering you , it never hurts to approach your co-worker for a friendly little chat , Drum says . "  Co-workers sometimes do n't notice they are doing something really annoying because it 's just by habit , " Drum contends . "  By saying , ' I do n't know if you noticed but ...  insert issue here  ' -- a reasonable co-worker will usually be receptive to your feelings . " Tip No. 4 : Talk with your supervisor . If the friendly and polite one-on-one does n't work  or turn out to be so friendly  , another option is to bring up the issue with your supervisor . "  From a managerial perspective , a difficult employee who is insensitive to other co-workers can poison a workplace environment and severely impact inner-office morale , " Drum says . "  Effective supervisors know how imperative it is to nip problems like this in the bud as soon as they arise . " E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority Rachel Zupek is a writer and blogger for CareerBuilder.com . She researches and writes about job search strategy , career management , hiring trends and workplace issues .	The Talker just wo n't shut up ; engages in long , one-sided conversations The Kiss-Up craves approval mostly from the boss The TMI has no boundaries and no shame The Gossip will share any and every story -- as long as it 's not theirs
CNN  -- What can be more in the Christmas spirit than Grumpy Cat ? That is , if "  Christmas spirit " equals "  Bah , humbug . " The frown-faced feline lives up to her billing in a trailer for , yes , a Grumpy Cat movie , "  Grumpy Cat 's Worst Christmas Ever . " The film , which will air on Lifetime on November 29 -- the day after Thanksgiving -- features the voice of "  Parks and Recreation 's " Aubrey Plaza as our furry heroine . Plaza is no deadpan Bill Murray-as-Garfield , but she gets off some zingers in the trailer , which shows a little girl  Megan Charpentier  getting her wish of a friend for the holidays . "  You really screwed up your big wish , " Grumpy Cat tells the girl , who can apparently hear her thoughts . Grumpy Cat has been an Internet sensation since photos hit Reddit in the fall of 2012 . The cat , whose real name is Tardar Sauce , now has her own website , coffee brand , merchandise and Twitter page -- not to mention countless Internet memes . The unlikely star of SXSW : Grumpy Cat Grumpy Cat 's owner , Tabatha Bundesen , said in 2013 that she 's pleased her cat makes people happy . "  I do n't mind it , " she said of her pet 's celebrity . "  I 'm thrilled to see that my cat brings joy to people . " Sounds like a perfect match for Christmas . CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	Grumpy Cat Christmas movie trailer makes debut Feline 's voice is supplied by Aubrey Plaza Cat has website , Twitter page , even a coffee brand
CNN  -- As police tell it , he called himself "  Scott " and showed up with $ 150 at the ready . He was drawn to a house on the outskirts of Minneapolis by an online ad that promised a "  no limit experience " with the catchy tagline , "  Sick of winter ? Come see how Sommer feels . " Within minutes , he 'd been cuffed , read his rights and cited for engaging in prostitution by undercover detectives in Coon Rapids , Minnesota . He was one of nearly a dozen men arrested as part of a sting operation , and exercised his right to remain silent , according to police reports . "  Scott " turned out to be Steven Smith , a fellow cop -- in fact , the police chief of the Minneapolis suburb of Robbinsdale . Officers learned his real name the night of his arrest on February 20 , but only discovered his law enforcement role when preparing documents for his lawyer last week , Coon Rapids Police Chief Brad Wise said . "  It was at that time that a staff member recognized Smith 's photo as that of the Robbinsdale police chief , " Wise said in a written statement . Smith was released after booking on the misdemeanor charge and has since resigned his post , CNN affiliate WCCO reported . His lawyer , Paul Sarratori , declined comment Tuesday . Wise said nothing Smith carried at the time of his arrest identified him as a law enforcement officer . "  Mr. Smith did not ask for special treatment upon his arrest , nor did he receive treatment different from any other person arrested in this operation , " Wise said . Coon Rapids police "  followed all protocol and procedure " during the arrest , he added .	Steven Smith is one of about a dozen men arrested in a prostitution sting He has resigned as the police chief in a Minneapolis suburb , CNN affiliate reports Police say he responded to an online ad for a prostitute ; his lawyer declines comment
CNN  -- When I was 48 , I was working at Boston College , at the pinnacle of my career and raising the family we had waited for so long to start . The last thing I was ready for was being told I had Parkinson 's . There we were , being warned that our lives were changing forever . Maura , my wife , did n't blink an eye . When we spoke of the disease , we were always positive and stayed strong . In hindsight , I realize how scared both of us silently were . My daily activities did n't change . I worked , as all coaches do , extremely long days , but looming in the back of my mind was the disease and its progression . To thwart the development I was able to stay active , something I had always been ; however , I started to notice small changes , and the inability on some days to complete the simple tasks I had always done . That would come and go ; it was n't consistent . One day I was able to change a light bulb and the next time I would try , my hands would fail me . Afraid to admit the decline was beginning , I never mentioned it to Maura , but I know she was watching , waiting to step in . Parkinson 's did n't stop his space walk Maura started to notice my good days and bad days , and I would see her instinctively change our plans and schedule . She and the kids would jump in and help me the same way that my players had each others ' backs on the field . I fondly remember the loving moments of my two girls helping me button my shirt in the morning , though those moments were bittersweet . Should n't I be helping them ? My newfound clumsiness was beginning to be the elephant in the room , and the locker room was where it decided to expose itself . We had just lost a well-fought game and had to catch the team plane . I had spent all of my energy on the field , and there was nothing left my body would give me . With my hands unable to steady themselves , I could n't button my shirt . A task so simple , mastered at age 5 , was now gone . My weaknesses were completely exposed , and there I was , unable to get dressed on my own . One of my college players , Russell Wilson  now the Seattle Seahawks ' starting quarterback  , noticed . He came over and helped me in silence , the way Maura or the girls would . I did n't really realize that my players had watched this painful process I was going through . Players were always a part of our family , but here I realized that now I was a part of theirs . This moment was the turning point in my life and changed how I was going to address my condition . NASCAR driver races to stop diabetes My pride was out the window . I was hoping to make a difference in my players ' lives , and now they were watching this unfold . Would they still respect me ? Would I still have a job ? All those fears that I had pushed to the back came flooding to the surface . I was afraid to tell Maura , afraid that she would think less of me as her husband , less of me as a parent . Instead , everyone dug in and helped secure my dignity in their own ways . All the years of preaching perseverance was paying off . My disease continues to progress despite the fight we rally . I can not count the things I 've lost . That list is extensive , but I prefer to take the lead from another coach , the legendary Tom Landry -- "  I 've learned that something constructive comes from every defeat " -- and now , I am blessed with the things that I have gained . My path may have changed course from where I started , but I am grateful that it has not hit a dead end .	Coach Don Horton was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease at 48 He found himself in the locker room , unable to button his own shirt He calls the moment a "  turning point in my life "
CNN  -- The bodies of two French journalists , who were killed in Mali , arrived in France Tuesday , Radio France International reported . Ghislaine Dupont and Claude Verlon worked for Radio France International and were kidnapped Saturday morning . The abduction occurred after the journalists were interviewing a Tuareg rebel near the northern town of Kidal , a local governor said , according to RFI sister network France Info . Both were kidnapped by four men in a Toyota , said Gov. Adama Kamissoko of Kidal . Kidal was one of the strongholds of the Islamic militant Tuareg uprising last year that plunged Mali into chaos after a military-led coup . Following the coup , Tuareg rebels occupied the northern half of the country . Veteran Spanish war correspondent kidnapped in Syria As part of France 's intervention this year to flush out militants in Mali , the French military secured the area around Kidal . The two reporters were abducted in front of the home of a member of the Tuareg rebels ' National Movement of a Liberation of Azawad , RFI reported . The two journalists could be heard resisting their abduction , according to their driver , who was forced by the gunmen to lay on the ground , RFI said . French President Francois Hollande called an emergency meeting with ministers Sunday about the incident . Hollande condemned the killings , calling them "  despicable . " The kidnappings and deaths came the same week four French hostages were released . They were abducted in 2010 by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb in neighboring Niger . Italian journalist held captive in Syria is headed home	The journalists were abducted after interviewing a rebel French President Francois Hollande called the killings "  despicable " The journalists worked for Radio France International
CNN  -- Ukrainian Vitali Klitschko -- who shares three of the four major heavyweight titles with brother Wladimir -- will put his World Boxing Council  WBC  belt on the line when he meets Cristobal Arreola at the Staples Center , Los Angeles on Saturday . Klitschko will be putting his WBC belt on the line when he faces Cristobal Arreola on Saturday . The 38-year-old Klitschko -- who has not lost since a 2003 defeat to Lennox Lewis at the same arena -- told reporters : "  This will be fight number three at Staples . "  For me it is the biggest arena and I am ready to fight there . I will show my skills and punch in the ring . I spend a lot of time in Los Angeles and am looking forward to the fight . " Klitschko has won 37 of his 39 fights , with all but one coming inside the distance . Apart from the defeat to Briton Lewis , which was stopped because of a heavy cut over his eye , his only other defeat was to Chris Byrd in 2000 -- when a shoulder injury preventing him from continuing . Arreola , who is unbeaten in 27 fights , including 24 KOs , is trying to become the first fighter of Mexican descent to win a heavyweight title . The 28-year-old has added 12lbs to his weight since beating Chris Witherspoon 15 months ago and is confident of victory . "  It 's not going to go far , plain and simple , " Arreola said . "  It is going to be a knockout fight and it is going to be exciting . "  I am going to bring emotion and determination to win the title for Mexicans and Mexican-Americans to celebrate . That is my goal . "	Ukrainian Vitali Klitschko puts his WBC heavyweight belt on line on Saturday Kiltschko , who has only lost twice in his career , faces Cristobal Arreola in LA Unbeaten Arreola trying to become first fighter of Mexican descent to win title
CNN  -- He calls it "  my spaceship . " From the soundproofed walls and floor to the large sofas and keyboard racks , there 's only one prevailing color inside Akon 's state-of-the-art personal studio . "  It is all white , " says the multi-platinum selling artist , of the studio where he has recorded and produced several of his R&B and hip hop hits . "  It helps me think a lot easier , " he adds . "  This is my place of creation -- I am self-engineered , I pretty much work everything in here myself . " Read this : Roaring success of ` Lion King ' musician It 's also here where the Senegalese-American singer is putting the final touches to his fourth studio album , expected to be released in June , nearly 10 years after he first rose to fame with his 2004 debut offering "  Trouble . " Since then , Akon has sold millions of albums around the world and collaborated with countless pop and hip-hop icons such as Michael Jackson , Lady Gaga , Snoop Dog and Eminem . Along the way , he 's also stirred up controversy on several occasions , catching criticism for exploiting his criminal past , as well as for his sexually explicit lyrics and concert shenanigans . Born in the United States to Senegalese parents , Akon , or Aliaune Damala Badara Thiam , spent his early years in the West African country . "  What I remember the most really was just running wild there , " he says . "  Barefooted , swimming in dirty lakes , selling fruit , picking mango trees , hoping not to get caught because they do n't take kindly to thieves in Africa , " he adds , laughing . Read this : Healing a wounded nation through music At around the age of 8 , Akon left the "  jungle " of Senegal for the "  concrete jungle " of New Jersey . Yet , the transition into his new environment was n't easy . "  Making friends was the hardest part , " says Akon of his school years in the United States . "  I did n't speak any English ; it was a different culture , dressing different . I would get teased a lot -- not playing the bully card -- but I found myself always trying to find ways to fitting in . I was always fighting . " Akon says that it was this reality , coupled with a desire "  to be cool , " that sent him off the rails during his teenage years . Aged as young as 14 , he was running with a bad crowd , involved in illegal activities including stealing cars -- which led to a six-month jail stint . Today , Akon says he feels "  lucky " to have left that lifestyle behind him . "  The guys I came up with , none of them are here right now , " he says . "  Four of them are dead , three are doing double life , " he adds . "  It 's more of a bitter-sweet success story for me because I was the one that actually slipped away and its only because I made the decision to change my life over after that one experience . " Read this : Afrobeats going global But it was this background that shaped Akon 's first steps in music . In 2004 , he released his first single , "  Locked Up , " to great success . Two years later , his second album , "  Konvicted , " reached triple platinum with three million copies sold in the United States and more than five million worldwide by the end of 2007 . But despite "  Konvicted 's " mega success , Akon says that period was a "  confusing " time for him . "  All these records being broken and all the money made , you almost want to make yourself believe that you are invincible , " he says . "  I was n't sure what I was becoming . " During a notorious Akon concert in 2007 , the singer threw a 15-year-old boy off the stage and onto a teenage girl who suffered a concussion . "  I was charged for it -- to this day , if I could have changed that , I would n't have did it . " During those days , Akon says , he let down Africa . "  I was the first to break it internationally , on that level , from Africa , " says the rapper . "  Africa was really expecting me to represent them well and at that time I do n't think I was doing that . " But that year also marked one of his most high-profile collaborations , working in the studio with Michael Jackson on a duet called "  Hold My Hand . " Akon finished the vocals in 2009 , after Jackson 's death , and the song became the first single released on the King of Pop 's posthumous album titled "  Michael . " "  We snuck off to go to the movies , he had a disguise on , " says Akon , recalling his collaboration with Jackson . "  It was me and his three kids and we were on the escalator and the people were like ` Akon , oh my God , Akon , ' and I am signing autographs and laughing , thinking ` you do n't even know who is beside me ' -- the whole time , he is standing there laughing . " Looking ahead , Akon says his goal is to give back to his continent . He 's set up Konfidence , a Senegalese foundation that 's working to build schools and hospitals in the country , he says . "  I have learned a lot along the way and I am glad that I never regretted enough because my past made who I am today , " he says . "  Just do understand that the person you see today is not the one from yesterday . "  I am going to keep advancing , doing as much as I can , but I really want to make the biggest impact in Africa . "	Akon is Senegalese-American multi-platinum selling artist and producer He has collaborated with stars including Michael Jackson and Lady Gaga Akon is releasing his fourth studio album in summer He says he wants to make a big impact in Africa
CNN  -- Blues singer Rita Chiarelli has played every kind of venue during her award-winning career : nightclubs , music festivals , concert halls . But of all those locales one remains unforgettable : the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola . Chiarelli , an Ontario native , went to Angola with the intention of playing solo for the prisoners , but wound up performing and recording with inmates , an experience she says changed her . "  I had no idea that I would be so moved and that my heart would be opened up so much from spending time with these guys , " she said . Chiarelli 's unlikely collaboration with Angola 's prison musicians is documented in the film "  Music from the Big House . " She is touring North America , showing the film and performing for audiences . Chiarelli said she arranged to get a tour of Angola a decade ago after learning of its rich musical history . The legendary blues/folk artist Huddie William Ledbetter  better known as Leadbelly  plied his 12-string guitar from behind the walls of Angola . His music came to light through the efforts of folklorists John and Alan Lomax , who recorded Leadbelly and other inmates . "  I saw where Leadbelly was probably incarcerated , " she said . Angola "  haunted me , you know , the Mississippi River flowing through it and ... I was just haunted by these images . And that all this music had come from this place . " Chiarelli said she began to wonder whether there were any musical inmates currently serving time at Angola . The answer was a resounding yes . "  We have 10 or 12 bands " comprised of prisoners , Warden Burl Cain confirmed to CNN . He said he did n't hesitate when Chiarelli pitched him on the idea of performing with the inmates , and having a documentary crew film it . "  When she talked about a blues concert , that got our attention . We were excited about that , " Cain said . "  It was a real morale booster for the inmates in the  music  program . She stood for the blues and we like that music here . " "  I think that the wardens trusted me , " Chiarelli said . "  I met with them several times and I convinced them that my aim was true . Honestly I felt that it was really important historically to once again document music that was going on at Angola . " The documentary shows her working intensively with musicians in three bands in a variety of styles -- blues , country and R&B . "  They were really great  musicians  . A few of the vocalists -- I was very , very impressed , " Chiarelli said . "  I mean they just have so much soul and they give it when they 're performing . " As they rehearsed for a concert in the prison chapel , Chiarelli developed a close rapport with her bandmates , a bond that is evident in the film . Some of them reveal on camera how their lives got off track , putting them behind bars . "  They opened up and told us their stories , which was the wondrous part of the film , " Chiarelli said . "  It 's really moving to see a fellow that 's in there for murder tell his story , tell his circumstances , realize that there 's victims -- that a lot of people have been hurt through his actions . It 's emotional . " Most of the musicians  singers Ray Jones , Albert Patterson , Emanuel Lee , bassist Laird Veillon and drummer Calvin Lewis , for instance  are serving life sentences without the possibility of parole . "  Ninety-five percent of them are going to die here , " Cain said . "  It 's really important to give them encouragement and hope . ... You can do the time if you have hope . " For many , hope comes in the form of playing in a prison band . "  It 's something that 's really kept me going , " Jones told filmmakers . He 's been locked up in Angola for 32 years . Chiarelli said her documentary reveals "  how these inmates feel when they 're performing ... and the release of anger and frustration and everything that happens through the power of music . " She said making the film made her mindful of not only the victims of the crimes committed by the men , but also of the prisoners ' capacity for redemption . "  Through the film we see the humanity of these folks and realize that sometimes it 's not always bad people that do bad things , " she said . "  Sometimes good people zig instead of zag and end up in a situation where something horrible happens . " Chiarelli said her experience "  moved me deeply and just opened my heart to realize that sometimes people need to be forgiven , that maybe , you know , some people have a right to be forgiven . " She is aware that 's a controversial proposition , one she is prepared to let audiences debate . So far she is encouraged by the reaction . "  A lot of them  moviegoers  come out of  screenings  and are moved to tears , " she said . "  And I think a lot of them , their outlook is changed . "	Chiarelli says she took a tour of Angola after learning of its rich musical history She went there with the intention of playing solo for the prisoners Her collaboration with Angola 's prison musicians is documented in "  Music from the Big House "
CNN  -- What if carbon dioxide were as black as oil ? When your house is on fire , you may not be in the mood to hear about an impending cancer epidemic that threatens your neighborhood , so I hesitate to bring up this topic . I have spent my scientific career studying oil spills , including the ongoing disaster in the Gulf of Mexico that killed 11 people in the initial rig blast and is causing epic environmental damage , havoc to lives and livelihoods , political tumult , huge economic losses and an incessant media drumbeat . But while we have readily and rightfully committed ourselves to understanding the cause of the spill , its effects and how to help restore the affected Gulf Coast region , we still ca n't seem to come to grips with a much more dangerous , far-reaching pollutant that is changing the fundamental chemistry of our entire planet : carbon dioxide . Why the difference in concern ? Is it as simple as out of sight , out of mind ? We can see oil discoloring the ocean , blackening coastlines and covering wildlife , but carbon dioxide is colorless and odorless . We do n't see it , and there 's no video or sound bites , so it 's easier to deny . CNN and other media outlets do not stream figures about carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere . But it has been spewing steadily and increasingly for decades throughout our planet from power plants , factories and our cars and homes . Since 1960 , the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide has risen from 310 to 390 parts per million . Our eyes are riveted to watching the black trail of oil soiling Gulf waters and coastlines . If carbon dioxide were black , we could actually see our atmosphere darkening with carbon dioxide , creating a heat-trapping blanket that is raising global air and ocean temperatures and threatening to dramatically rearrange our climate . Would we care more if we could see the higher concentrations of carbon dioxide being absorbed into our oceans , making seawater more acidic , endangering coral reefs and marine life and threatening to fundamentally disrupt ocean ecosystems and food webs ? Perhaps we ignore carbon dioxide because it 's hard for us to think long-term and connect the dots . The consequences of oil spills are immediate ; the causes and effects are obvious . Not so with carbon dioxide ; its consequences are incremental , insidious and irreversible for centuries to millennia . People do n't easily understand how a small sea level rise can result in bigger storm surges and coastal damage , or how slight changes in ocean temperatures can change global rainfall patterns , leading to droughts and floods with catastrophic economic and societal consequences . Even if we acknowledge the problem , there 's still the hurdle of doing something about it . It 's almost the same as asking , "  If smokers could see their damaged lungs , would they quit more easily ? " Just the way some people blame that problem on tobacco companies for manufacturing the product , it is easier to target blame for oil spills on oil companies . But smokers choose to use cigarettes and often get addicted ; similarly all of us who have been afforded the luxuries provided by cheap fossil fuels ca n't easily make difficult adjustments to wean ourselves away from them .  That does n't excuse tobacco companies for marketing cigarettes without revealing their dangers or oil companies taking drilling risks without being prepared for the consequences . The Gulf of Mexico spill is a reminder that oil does n't come cheap . We will pay an enormous price in cleanup costs , economic losses and environmental and social damage . We do n't factor in those costs when we fill our gas tanks . And we do n't make the connection that gasoline , once burned , turns into its chemical sibling , carbon dioxide , whose effects on our environment will globally dwarf the catastrophe happening in the Gulf . Few people imagined a catastrophe on such a scale , but we now see it 's possible and we are suffering the consequences . Our seemingly invulnerable planet is fragile , too . We ignore that at our peril . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher Reddy .	Christopher Reddy says oil spill is having devastating effect on the environment He says the spill 's effects are so visible that the public quickly grasps the harm Reddy says the public ca n't come to grips with a greater threat , carbon dioxide If carbon dioxide were black , people might see the damage it 's causing
CNN  -- George Zimmerman , charged with second-degree murder in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin , had a "  little hero complex " but was not a racist , a Sanford , Florida , homicide investigator told federal agents , according to reports released Thursday . In an interview with FBI agents in March , investigator Chris Serino told authorities he "  believed that Zimmerman 's actions were not based on Martin 's skin color , rather based on his attire , the total circumstances of the encounter and the previous burglary suspects in the community , " according to an FBI report . The reports and other information in the case against Zimmerman were released Thursday by Special Prosecutor Angela Corey to Zimmerman 's attorney . The U.S. Department of Justice took up a civil rights investigation after allegations that race played a part in the killing of Martin , 17 , in February in a gated community in Sanford , Florida . The reports released Thursday do not draw conclusions in that investigation . Read the FBI reports  PDF Martin 's family and supporters say Zimmerman racially profiled the teen , describing him as "  suspicious " during a 911 call and ignoring a police dispatcher 's request that he not follow him . The 28-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer has said he killed Martin in self-defense , saying the teen punched him and slammed his head into a sidewalk before the shooting , according to family members and police . Trayvon Martin memorial removed but preserved Among the evidence released Thursday are details about federal interviews with more than 30 people , including key members of the Sanford Police Department and Zimmerman 's neighbors and co-workers . In his interview , Serino explained to the FBI agents that African-American gangs in the community "  typically dressed in black and wore hoodies , " the report said . "  Serino believes that when Zimmerman saw Martin in a hoody  sic  , Zimmerman took it upon himself to view Martin as acting suspicious , " the report said . "  Serino described Zimmerman as overzealous and as having ' a little hero complex , ' but not as a racist . Serino explained that on numerous occasions he asked Zimmerman specifically if he followed Martin based on his skin color and Zimmerman never admitted to this fact . " In June , Sanford police said Serino had voluntarily asked to be moved from detective to patrol officer . At the time , police Sgt. David Morgenstern said the move was not a demotion and that he did not know why Serino made the request . Many of Zimmerman 's neighbors , whose identities are redacted , told federal agents they did not know him . Those who did had nothing derogatory to say about him . Similarly , interviewed co-workers were complimentary of Zimmerman . Several noted an incident in which a lock Zimmerman used to attach his orthopedic chair to his desk was cut , but said he handled it appropriately and professionally . One apparent co-worker , whose identity was redacted , told agents she saw Zimmerman as he was waiting to speak to human resources the Monday after the shooting and noticed his injuries . The woman told agents that Zimmerman was "  absolutely emotionally devastated . " A timeline of events Another FBI report documents a March 30 interview with a store owner who contacted authorities to say Zimmerman had contacted him about two weeks earlier "  in reference to purchasing a new firearm . " Zimmerman told the owner , whose identity was redacted , that "  his life is in danger and he needs more guns , " the report said . It was unclear from the report whether Zimmerman purchased the firearm . The evidence also included audio of conversations between 911 dispatchers and Sanford police . The dispatcher tells officers to look for a "  black male , late teens , wearing a dark gray hoodie and sweatpants , walking around , " adding that the youth was last seen running toward the back of the neighborhood . Then , says the dispatcher , "  There 's screaming and a gunshot , are you responding ? " Dispatchers later tell responding officers they have received a total of four calls regarding the incident . "  Someone 's laying in the backyard , " a dispatcher says . "  I need somebody ASAP , " an officer says on the recording . "  I 've got one down with a gunshot wound , and I 've got one secure . " Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " on Thursday evening that the question of Zimmerman 's attitudes on race was not pertinent . "  None of that matters to why this armed watchman with a 9 mm gun got out of his car and chased an unarmed teenager and shot him in the heart , " said Crump . "  The fact I wear a hoodie does n't justify you killing me , " he told Burnett . Also released Thursday were reports on interviews with agents of the Florida Division of Alcoholic Beverages and Tobacco , who arrested Zimmerman in 2005 on suspicion of battery against a law enforcement officer and obstruction of justice . The agents told authorities that Zimmerman did not use racial slurs or discriminatory language during the incident , the reports said . The charges against Zimmerman , who was accused of pushing an undercover agent , were later dropped after he entered a pretrial diversion program and completed an anger management class . A report on an interview with Zimmerman 's ex-fiance was also released . The woman told authorities that while she and Zimmerman had physical altercations and at one point filed restraining orders against one another , she never saw Zimmerman exhibit any other violence or exhibit any racial bias . Additionally , details about Zimmerman 's MySpace account , surveillance video and e-mails between Zimmerman and ousted Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee were released as part of the evidence handover . On the MySpace account in the name of "  Joe G. , " Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , recalls moving from Manassas , Virginia , saying , "  I do n't miss driving around scared to hit Mexicans walkin on the side of the street , soft ass wan na be thugs messin with peoples cars when they ai n't around  what are you provin , that you can dent a car when no ones watchin  do n't make you a man in my book . Working 96 hours to get a decent pay check , getting knifes pulled on you by every Mexican you run into . " Also released were copies of the e-mails between Zimmerman and Lee before the shooting regarding the neighborhood watch program . Zimmerman , in the e-mails , notes there has been a "  spike in robberies and home invasions in the neighborhood within the past two months . " He adds that he has not had a positive view of Sanford police because of the "  Sherman Ware incident . " Ware , a black homeless man , was beaten by a Sanford police lieutenant 's son . Zimmerman was critical of police handling of the case and reportedly worked on Ware 's behalf . Zimmerman was released on $ 1 million bond last week . An initial bond of $ 150,000 was revoked last month after a judge learned that Zimmerman and his wife failed to disclose more than $ 150,000 in donations from the public . Shooting leaves community divided CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Mayra Cuevas and In Session 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	NEW : Zimmerman 's attitudes on race not the issue , Martin family attorney says Multiple witnesses tell federal authorities that George Zimmerman is not racist A co-worker says Zimmerman was "  devastated " after Trayvon Martin 's shooting Zimmerman is accused of second-degree murder
Washington  CNN  The lame duck is loose . Little more than two years before the moment he stands next to his successor at the presidential inauguration of 2017 , President Barack Obama is feeling unshackled from the constraints of eyeing the next election cycle after last month 's disastrous midterms for Democrats . Simply put , top White House officials say , the President is on a mission to get stuff done . From his dramatic decision to open up diplomatic relations with Cuba to his executive actions on immigration , Obama no longer has to worry about the hand-wringing of endangered Senate Democrats concerned with reelection . "  I think it 's absolutely true , " former White House press secretary and CNN political contributor Jay Carney said . "  Having lost  the Senate  , it does provide some liberation to him . " The unbridled Obama even took the time to call in to a Massachusetts radio show to needle his friend , outgoing Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick . The "  fourth quarter " policy blitz that is underway at the West Wing is similar in some respects to the "  bear is loose " image strategy the White House employed last summer . The looser and more active Obama appears , the more the public likes him , aides thought at the time . Asked how he felt about being a "  lame duck " at his post-midterm news conference , Obama said he planned to squeeze as much as he could into his final years in office . "  You know , if you look at the history of almost every President , those last two years , all kinds of stuff happens . In some cases , stuff that we could n't predict , " the President said . Current White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Obama accomplished his goal of making 2014 a "  year of action , " filled with executive orders carried out with the President 's "  pen and phone . " "  There is a lot more that needs to get done and the President has a long list of things that he 's looking forward to tackling in the new year after a couple weeks with his family after the holidays , " Earnest told reporters at his final press briefing of 2014 . Privately , senior aides push back on the notion that Obama has adopted the newly frenetic pace solely because the midterms are behind him . The administration 's sanctions on Russia may only now be paying dividends but they were applied over a course of the last year . Re-establishing ties with Cuba , one official notes , was a long-term project that began 18 months ago . "  If Democrats had kept the Senate , Obama would still be doing this , " Carney said about Cuba . But Carney said the transfer of the gavel of the powerful Senate Foreign Relations Committee from current chairman Sen. Bob Menendez -- a Democrat and fierce critic of Obama 's Cuba policy -- to Republican Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee may have helped somewhat . "  It 's more difficult when the chairman is your own party member , " Carney added . Losing control of Congress to Republicans has pushed Obama into the late presidency "  refuge " of foreign policy . "  He has an enormous capacity to act and that , I think , is what he is doing , " said Aaron David Miller , a Middle East analyst at the Wilson Center . Case in point is the administration 's long-delayed but persistent hope to contain Iran 's nuclear program . A deadline for a deal with the Iranian government was pushed back again just weeks ago . "  He 's now in a position for a comprehensive agreement , " Miller said of post-midterm Obama . Cuba is another matter . The unpredictability of the Castro brothers could create headaches for the Obama administration and , by extension , the Democrats heading into 2016 . "  Hillary is going to have a hard time with this one , " Miller said . But successes in foreign policy could easily translate into higher approval ratings . Witness the strides made by Ronald Reagan at the end of the Cold War . Reagan 's cry , "  Mr. Gorbachev , tear down this wall , " still resonates today . Obama 's standing in public opinion polls are situated nearly where Reagan 's popularity stood at the same point in his second term , according to Andrew Kohut , the founding director of the respected Pew Research Center . "  Indeed views of Obama are not any worse than were attitudes toward Ronald Reagan at about this time in his second term . Understanding the arc of a presidential popularity rating , especially one as varied as Obama 's , requires a longer perspective than a single midterm snapshot , " Andrew Kohut , Pew Research Center 's founding director wrote in a Politico op-ed . Reagan was also buoyed by a rapidly expanding economy . As the Obama White House is finding , the economic picture is finally brightening after the worst recession since the Great Depression . "  The economy is doing well . It 's in a good place . It 's going to be in a better place , " Carney said .	President Barack Obama , freed from the burden of further elections , is hoping to get things done From normalizing relations with Cuba to pressing for immigration changes , Obama is active
Cairo  CNN  -- As protesters battled supporters of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy outside his palace , his chief of staff announced Thursday that the president would address the nation later in the day . The chief of staff , Refaa El-Tahtawy , said the speech would include important news but did not specify what that might be . The announcement came hours after demonstrations erupted into violence Wednesday night over Morsy 's assumption of sweeping powers last month . Three of Morsy 's advisers resigned Wednesday in protest of his edict , while demonstrators set fire to offices of the Muslim Brotherhood and its political arm , the Freedom and Justice Party , in three cities . The unrest comes as Egypt lurches toward a scheduled December 15 referendum on a new constitution . Days of largely peaceful protests in Tahrir Square had preceded Wednesday 's violence . But that all changed Wednesday . After Morsy supporters chased protesters from the grounds , pro- and anti-Morsy demonstrators threw rocks , fireworks and Molotov cocktails at each other . Late in the day , a spokesman for the Muslim Brotherhood called on protesters to withdraw from the area of the palace "  and not to protest there again due to its significant symbolic position as the president 's office . " The Health Ministry reported four were killed and 271 were injured ; state media reported earlier in the night that no one was killed . Dr. Mohamed Sultan , a spokesman for the ministry , said the injuries ranged from bruises to cuts , burns and fractures . More marches were promised for Thursday , said Rami Shath , a member of the Revolutionary Alliance and the Free Egyptian Party . "  We hold opposition figures , namely Sabbahi & ElBaradei , fully responsible for escalation of violence & inciting their supporters , " said the Muslim Brotherhood in a tweet , referring to opposition leaders Hamdeen Sabbahi and Mohamed ElBaradei . Morsy , Egypt 's first freely elected leader , was a Muslim Brotherhood leader before winning office in June , when he resigned from the movement and the Freedom and Justice Party to represent all Egyptians , he said . Demonstrators were protesting his recent edict granting himself sweeping powers and the proposed constitution -- drafted by an Islamist-dominated council -- that they fear will give him even more power . "  This is not what we asked for , " one protester said . "  It 's a complete dictatorship . " Other protesters vowed to remain in the streets until Morsy is forced to leave office . "  He 's not our president anymore , " another protester said . The three advisers who announced their resignations said they had done so after failing to persuade Morsy to reverse his November 23 decree . "  He has rejected all our suggestions and initiatives that may have avoided the cycle of violence we are witnessing today , " Ayman al-Sayad , Seif Abdel Fattah , and Mohammed Esmat said in a joint statement . But the powerful Muslim Brotherhood called the protesters "  thugs " who were trying to overthrow the president . "  By the grace of God , the Egyptian people will be able to protect this legitimacy , its constitution and its institutions , " the group said on its Facebook page . Ahmed Sobea , a spokesman of the Freedom and Justice Party , said the party 's offices in the northeastern cities of Suez and Ismailia had been ransacked and torched by masked , armed men on Wednesday night . The offices were empty when the attacks occurred , Sobea said . State-run Nile TV broadcast pictures of the Ismaila office on fire and reported that other masked men had burned the Muslim Brotherhood headquarters in the northeastern city of Zagazig . Opposition leaders are prepared to open talks with Morsy if he withdraws his edict and delays the referendum , said ElBaradei , leader of the liberal Constitution Party and a Nobel Peace Prize laureate . But Vice President Mahmoud Mekki said the referendum will be held as planned . "  Saying the referendum will be held on time is not being stubborn , " Mekki said . "  The president has backtracked from decisions before ; he 's not a stubborn character . " Morsy 's decree placed his decisions out of the reach of courts until a new constitution is approved . He said the move was designed to protect the spirit of the popular 2011 uprising that drove former strongman Hosni Mubarak from power . Critics call it a power grab . Egyptian judges and media outlets as well as liberal political groups have protested Morsy 's decree and the proposed constitution , saying it goes against the goals of the revolution . How the struggle plays out could have repercussions across the Middle East and North Africa , regions already wracked by upheaval . In nearby Gaza and Israel , tensions remain high after last month 's fighting . In Syria , a civil war has raged since March 2011 . Wednesday 's violence followed clashes Tuesday outside the palace , which has become the focus of protests by Egypt 's liberal opposition . On Tuesday night , police fired tear gas after anti-Morsy protesters broke through barbed wire around the palace and hurled chairs and rocks at retreating officers . After the initial clashes , police withdrew behind fences and the demonstration was peaceful for several hours . Yassir Ali , a spokesman for the presidential office and the vice president , told reporters Wednesday that the presidential office had ordered the security forces at the palace "  to protect the protesters and keep them safe . " "  The orders to the security forces were not to confront  them  ,  but  to preserve the lives of the protesters and to prevent any clashes between the security forces and the protesters , " Ali said . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Journalists Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Sarah Sirgany reported from Cairo , CNN 's Michael Pearson , Joe Sterling , Saad Abedine and Yousuf Basil reported from Atlanta , and Sarah Brown and Laura Smith-Spark reported from London .	Morsy chief of staff says president 's address will contain important information The announcement comes after more than 200 people were hurt Wednesday Masked men set fire to Muslim Brotherhood offices in three cities Opposition leaders say they are prepared to start talks with Morsy if he withdraws his edict
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Two billionaire brothers who control Asia 's biggest property development company have gone on trial in Hong Kong 's biggest ever corruption case . Sun Hung Kai Properties  SHKP  co-chairmen Thomas and Raymond Kwok were among five people charged with a total of eight offenses , including conspiracy to offer advantages to a public servant and misconduct in public office , the Independent Commission Against Corruption  ICAC  said in a statement . The two brothers are ranked 86th on the 2014 Forbes list of the world 's richest people . Hong Kong 's former chief secretary Rafael Hui , banker Francis Kwan and Thomas Chan -- responsible for land acquisitions for SHKP -- were the other men charged after one of the biggest anti-graft probes in the banking hub 's history . Hui , previously the city 's No. 2 , faces charges related to misconduct in public office , including the acceptance of rent-free apartments and unsecured loans -- he 's the highest-ranking former official to face trial in the city . All five defendants plead "  not guilty " to each of the charges . The ICAC revealed the offenses took place between 2000 and 2009 as investigators probed land sales overseen by Hui involving SHKP . The case has caused a media frenzy in the city , where real estate is a local obsession . Sun Hung Kai , which helped to build some of the tallest buildings in the city 's celebrated skyline , contributed to the Kwok brothers ' estimated $ 18.3 billion fortune . The brothers , who were arrested in March 2012 , have always protested their innocence . "  I can say that personally I have done nothing wrong . And I can vouch for Mr. Thomas Kwok that he has done nothing wrong either , " Raymond Kwok said at a news conference on April 2012 , referring to his brother . "  I hope this investigation will clear my name , " he said at the time . Hong Kong , a special administrative region of China , is considered to be one of the world 's least corrupt territories . According to Transparency International 's 2013 Corruptions Perceptions Index , Hong Kong is the 15th least corrupt territory in the world -- with the United States , by comparison , ranked 19th .	Property tycoons Thomas and Raymond Kwok in court on graft charges Charges include conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office , furnishing false information Their company , Sun Hung Kai , built some of the tallest buildings in the city 's celebrated skyline
CNN  -- For decades , skyscrapers have served as iconic symbols of national pride or flashy trophies of corporate wealth , reshaping the skyline of the world 's major urban centers . Perhaps in the future , the high-rise superstructures could also help revolutionize the way we travel . That , at least , is the fanciful concept behind the Vertical Hyper-Speed Train Hub , a futuristic proposal of two UK-based architects envisaging trains roaring up and down the side of specially-designed skyscrapers nearly as high as the Empire State Building . Towering above the crowded streets of future metropolises , these giant buildings are designed to minimize the large slices of real estate that major railway terminals occupy by flipping them on their side . The goal , designers Christopher Christophi and Lucas Mazarrasa say , is to free up valuable space in the densely-packed cities of tomorrow , which will be significantly challenged by overcrowding and a sharp drop in public space availability . "  In 60 years ' time , it will be very difficult for governments to find attractive pieces of available land for public use in the heart of megacities , " says Christophi , 27 . "  Governments will be able to take advantage of such spaces in order to re-adapt the cities ' structure to society needs , " he adds . How it works The designer 's vertical station concept calls for a tall cylindrical skyscraper whose small footprint would allow the transformation of the surrounding area into an urban park . Passengers arriving at the tower would use a lift to make their way up into the platform and from there into their carriage , which could accommodate 10 people sat in two rows opposite each other . But , you might wonder by now , how could commuters stay on their feet whilst the train slides in hyper speeds along the huge tower 's faÃ § ade ? The main idea is that instead of traveling on normal rails beneath , the carriages would be supported by magnetic tracks running up the skyscraper 's exterior . Each carriage proportion is designed as a cubical shape to enable it to function both vertically , when docked , and horizontally , while traveling After the train 's departure , the wagons would pivot like a "  Ferris wheel , " allowing commuters to remain in an upright position and enjoy breathtaking views of the city . Connecting cities The radical proposal won the designers an Honorable Mention at this year 's eVolo Skyscraper competition , which encouraged people from around the world to propose new ideas for vertical structures of the future . The designers say the towers , which would be capped off by a rooftop green plaza , are envisioned as individual pieces of infrastructure that could be replicated in cities around the world . The hope is to connect a new hyper-speed network of underground tunnels and overground routes where superfast trains would cover distances of 300 miles in 30 minutes . This , they claim , would not only save commuting time and simplify the way public transport is being used , but would also help to cut down CO2 emissions by replacing ways of transport powered by fossil fuels . "  Our conceptual design is based upon utilizing existing and viable technologies that can currently be seen in hyper speed rail networks , for example in China , " says Mazarrasa , 29 , adding that is a matter of time before we 're able to reach the rail speeds their concept requires . "  The Maglev trains currently travel at 360 miles per hour -- this technology by the 2075 will in no doubt move leaps and bounds from what it already is today , making the hyper-speed trains probably the fastest and safest way of transporting goods and people . " Of course , there are a number of limitations to the project -- the proposal deals only with stations designed to accommodate city by city travel , not to mention efficiency issues around loading trains in high volume terminals and connecting train routes . Yet , like in most futuristic transport proposals , practical details are best to take a back seat for now to allow us to enjoy the thrilling ride -- that is , unless you 're afraid of heights .	A futuristic proposal flips the traditional designs of today 's major train stations vertically The Vertical Hyper-Speed Train Hub wants to cut the footprint of rail terminals by 2075 The proposal won an Honorable Mention in 2014 's eVolo Skyscraper competition
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon made an urgent plea as a donor conference to rebuild Gaza kicked off Sunday morning in Cairo . "  The cycle of building and destroying must end , " Ban said in his opening remarks . "  Donors may be fatigued , but the people of Gaza are bruised and bloody . Enough is enough . " He said he hoped this would be the last Gaza reconstruction conference . "  It is time to chart a course to a just and final peace between Israelis and Palestinians -- one that addresses all the outstanding issues , " he said . The U.N. chief plans to visit Gaza on Tuesday to listen directly to its people and survey the situation . He will also visit Israel . Rebuilding Gaza after this year 's conflict with Israel will cost $ 4 billion , says the Palestinian Authority , which is presenting a reconstruction plan Sunday . The governments of Egypt and Norway are hosting the Cairo conference to help raise the funds needed , according to Egypt 's Foreign Affairs Ministry . Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Deputy Prime Minister Mohammad Mustafa will be joined by some of the world 's most powerful diplomats , including the foreign ministers of Japan , France and Italy . They will speak about the challenges of rebuilding and how to approach the international response . Multiple global aid organizations are also participating . Officials announce aid to Gaza U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry announced an additional $ 212 million in aid to rebuild Gaza , shortly after he arrived in Cairo early Sunday . The money doubles the amount already pledged , bringing the total U.S. contribution to $ 414 million . Kerry said that raising funds should not be the only goal of the conference . "  I say clearly and with deep conviction here today , the United States remains fully and totally committed to returning to negotiations not just for the sake of it , but because the goal of this conference and the future of the region demand it , " he said . He called for long-term investments in the Palestinian economy to create a vibrant private sector . Qatar announced a $ 1 billion dollar donation Sunday . "  Well , I think it wo n't simply be Qatar pledging money ; all the other Arab countries will pledge money as well , " former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , a Middle East Quartet representative , told CNN 's Becky Anderson . He said the money would go through the right channels . "  If the Palestinian Authority as envisaged are in charge of that process of reconstruction , this money will go through them , will go through a proper treasury account properly administered , " Blair said . "  So we are taking a lot of painstaking efforts to make sure the money goes for the purpose for which it was intended and goes to benefit the people in Gaza . " The Quartet is an informal diplomatic group made up of officials from the United States , United Nations , European Union and Russia . It aims to promote Middle East peace and Palestinian development . Israeli response Israel was not invited to the conference , but that does not mean that it wants to prevent the reconstruction of Gaza , Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said in an interview with Israel Radio on Sunday Lieberman said that it was important that funds raised in Cairo not be used to produce weapons or build tunnels in Gaza . He added that it was up to Palestinians to prevent another operation in Gaza . "  We are not looking for adventures , but if the rocket is renewed , Israel has a right to defend itself , " he said . Operation Protective Edge Israel launched Operation Protective Edge in Gaza in July , saying the military operation was aimed at stopping Hamas rocket attacks and destroying a network of tunnels that extended under the border with Israel . More than 2,130 Palestinians , mostly civilians , were killed in Gaza during the 50 days of fighting that followed . The United Nations estimates that more than 70 % were civilians , but Israel reports a higher number of militants among the dead . Sixty-eight people were killed on the Israeli side , two of whom were civilians . Many homes , schools and other buildings in Gaza were destroyed or damaged before a ceasefire was reached in late August . The United Nations estimates that 60,000 Gazans were still living in shelters in late September .	U.N. secretary-general : "  The cycle of building and destroying must end " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry announces additional contribution of $ 212 million The Palestinian Authority says rebuilding Gaza after this year 's conflict will cost $ 4 billion Egypt and Norway are hosting a conference in Cairo to help raise the funds needed
Yaounde , Cameroon  CNN  Cameroon 's security forces are predicting a drawn-out battle with Boko Haram as evidence filters out that the insurgents are now recruiting there . "  We do n't doubt that Boko Haram is recruiting in Cameroon , " said Col. Joseph Nouma , commander of Operation ALPHA , a special military operation set up by Cameroon 's government to fight the Nigerian terrorist group . He says communities bordering Nigeria have been emptied of men between the ages of 10 and 45 . "  Many of them are found across the border in Nigeria , training with the terrorists , " he told CNN . This has made it difficult for the country 's defense forces to adequately estimate the power of the terrorist group . Nouma said the number of militants may be greater than is widely believed , though there is no reliable estimate of the group 's strength . "  Boko Haram is a permanent metamorphosis , dying every day but recruiting every day as well , " says Col. Jacob Kodji , interim commander of the 4th Military Region . "  And this complicates a lot of things for us . " Nouma agreed : "  We kill them , but they keep on coming . " Boko Haram is a Nigerian-based Islamic group whose purpose is to institute Sharia , or Islamic law . They have carried out a campaign of terror in northern Nigeria , killing thousands , taking hundreds captive , and occupying swaths of territory in Borno state . As many as 200,000 Nigerians have fled to neighboring countries , creating an urgent humanitarian situation , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees reported last month . For the past two years , Boko Haram fighters have been carrying out cross-border raids on Cameroon , slaughtering hundreds and torching entire neighborhoods . But as the country 's defense forces -- later joined by battle-hardened Chadian troops -- turned up the momentum against the insurgents , the terrorists began to swell their ranks with Cameroonians . Nouma said he believes "  most of the worst attacks we have suffered " were carried out by Cameroonians fighting for Boko Haram . Also , the militants ' ability to hit several different places at once , and with precision , suggests that "  there are people over here giving them information , " Nouma said . In January , Boko Haram struck Fotokol , a Cameroonian town separated by only a bridge from Gambarou , Nigeria , a stronghold of the Islamist extremists . The attackers killed more than 400 people . Cameroonian and Chadian soldiers stationed there managed to kill 150 invaders . Among them was the son of Ahmadou Moustafa , a Fotokol resident . For two months , Moustafa did n't know the whereabouts of his son , Akim , or what he was doing . He did n't find out until the aftermath of the fighting , when locals removed the veil on one of the dead attackers to reveal his 15-year-old boy 's face . "  I was really shocked and embarrassed at the development , " Moustafa said . While it 's difficult to fathom the appeal of extreme , violent doctrine among young Cameroonians , ambient poverty and chronic unemployment in the Far North region may explain why some there are lured to Boko Haram pay . The government 's 2010 National Population and Housing Census found the region to be the country 's poorest , with 60 % of the population living in poverty . Joseph Mbah Ndam , an opposition member of Cameroon 's parliament , told CNN that the government of President Paul Biya "  has for over 30 years now failed to create jobs for the youths . And in such circumstances , they may be easily manipulated into joining such hate groups . " A senior government official from the region , who would not be named , agreed , saying that "  in a context of such extreme poverty , it could n't be otherwise . " "  No significant economic project has been carried out there ... the Far North is the most populated in the country , but has been completely abandoned , " the official explained . "  So it 's not surprising that youths should be sensitive to calls by Boko Haram . " Desperate youths are n't the only recruits , however . Very often , police are bribed into collaborating . In January , Abdoulaye Farikou , senior inspector of police in Balaza , was arrested by the military and accused of using his position as head of the Identification Unit in the Far North region town to issue Cameroonian ID cards to militants coming in from Nigeria . Security officials say such a move makes it easy for Boko Haram to infiltrate Cameroon and gather vital security information . Along with the presence of some 6,000 Cameroonian troops and plans to deploy some 20,000 more over the next two years , the government now has come up with a $ 135 million program to finance 94 development projects . Part of the money will be used to increase cereal production by 30 % in the Far North region , where child malnutrition now stands at some 70 % , according to Economy Minister Emmanuel Nganou Djoumessi . Other investments will be made in road construction , railway development , mining and social services . "  We ca n't easily win this war with military means alone , " said Mijiyawa Bakary , the regional governor . "  The development package government has put in place will definitely keep many young people busy , and therefore will not be charmed by the false promises of the terrorist group . " But development projects can only be carried out in a climate of peace , and officials here hope that the Multinational Joint Task Force -- about 8,500 troops from Cameroon , Chad , Niger , Nigeria and Benin -- will defeat Boko Haram and lay that groundwork .	Military leader says "  most of the worst attacks " were carried out by Cameroonians fighting for Boko Haram Opposition leader says northern region 's poverty gives Boko Haram leverage to attract young recruits Government has deployed some 6,000 troops and plans to invest $ 135 million in development projects
CNN  -- The identities of two women involved in a horrific car crash in Arizona last week were mixed up , with one family receiving news that their daughter had died when in fact she was undergoing treatment for her injuries while another family kept watch at her side for six days . Officials with St. Joseph 's Medical Center and the Arizona Department of Public Safety apologized for the mistake Monday , saying they were "  acting on the best information " available at the time of notification . Marlena Cantu , 21 , was killed in the crash July 18 when the SUV in which she was riding blew a tire and rolled several times . Four others were in the vehicle : a male driver and male occupant , and two other female occupants -- one of whom was 19-year-old Abby Guerra , described by friends and family as Cantu 's best friend . The five young people were driving back to Phoenix from a trip to Disneyland in California . "  As doctors struggled to save this patient 's life , we could not readily tell the patient 's identification , " Suzanne Pfister , vice president for external affairs at St. Joseph 's , told a news conference Monday . "  We interviewed family members that evening and asked for any discernible information that could help us make that positive identification , " such as bone breaks , scars or other marks . "  From the information that was provided us on that evening , we believed the patient was Marlena Cantu , " Pfister said . "  DPS communicated that information to the family . " Guerra 's family , meanwhile , was told she was dead . Pfister said the mix-up was revealed Saturday when the medical examiner compared dental records and determined the patient -- whom the Cantu family had been praying for at her bedside as she underwent multiple surgeries -- to be Guerra . "  We know this is an extraordinarily challenging situation and our hearts and our prayers go out to both families , " Pfister said . Sgt. Kevin Wood , a spokesman for DPS , described a "  chaotic situation " in the emergency room the night of the wreck as the hospital received all four trauma patients from the collision scene . At least one person had been ejected from the SUV . "  Authorities  tried for quite some time -- something close to five hours -- to figure out who this one female patient was , " Wood said , emphasizing it was not a determination that was made within a matter of minutes . Pfister said the injuries to Guerra were so severe that she was unrecognizable to family and friends . She said the hospital , which treats about 3,000 trauma patients a year , does not conduct fingerprinting or take dental impressions in an emergency situation "  because the overwhelming emphasis is on saving the patient 's life . " Nancy Colon , a friend of the Cantus , told HLN 's "  Prime News " Monday night that the family is "  heartbroken . " Colon said the family was taken into a room at the hospital on Saturday and told that the dental records taken from the female victim at the morgue did not match Guerra 's . They were then questioned about the number of Marlena Cantu 's ear piercings , her molars and past surgeries . Cantu had her appendix removed in elementary school , Colon said the hospital officials were told . "  They checked the girl in the ICU and she did n't have a scar , " she said . The family was then told , "  I 'm sorry , but that 's not your daughter , " according to Colon . Pfister declined to provide information about Guerra 's condition Monday , citing the family 's request . "  Our focus is on healing Abby , " she said . The tragic mix-up is similar to another incident in 2006 . The family of 22-year-old Laura VanRyn spent five weeks at the bedside of a woman they believed to be her daughter as she struggled to recover from injuries sustained in a car wreck that killed five others . When she awoke from a coma and was asked her name , she replied , "  Whitney Cerak , " an 18-year-old who was believed to have been among those killed in the wreck . The two women had blond hair and similar body types .	The identities of two women in a deadly car wreck were mixed up 19-year-old Abby Guerra 's family was told she was dead Family of Marlena Cantu kept watch at what they thought was their daughter 's bedside Hospital and public safety officials apologized for the mix-up Monday
CNN  -- Police in Oklahoma said Saturday they 've interviewed the man who allegedly beheaded a 54-year-old woman at his former workplace . Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 , was shot inside the Vaughn Food processing plant but regained consciousness in the hospital , said Jeremy Lewis , spokesman for the Moore police department . Nolen was interviewed Friday in the hospital ; police have n't revealed what was said . Police expect him to be released and moved to a jail by early next week , Lewis said . Nolen 's Facebook page provides no indication he planned to attack anybody . He had recently converted to Islam and started the page under the name Jah ` Keem Yisrael . The cover photo appears to be of fighters holding weapons . The postings include numerous all-caps messages about Islam and quotations from the Quran , but make no reference to job dissatisfaction . Most postings end with " **** InfoFromAMuslim **** " Some postings are political , such as one that runs with an image of the Joker , from Batman comics : "  AMERICA SO CALL HELPS IRAQ  WHICH NOT  - WELL WHY CANT U HELP THE GAZA CITIZENS AGAINST ISRAEL LOL . . I UPLOAD THIS PIK BECAUSE AMERICA AND ISRAEL ARE WICKED . WAKE UP MUSLIMS !!! " CNN has confirmed with Moore police that the Facebook page and the images belong to Nolen . Workplace violence : Know the warning signs No terrorism link found Nolen had tried to convert co-workers to Islam , officials said . U.S. law enforcement officials said there are no indications linking Thursday 's attack to terrorism . ISIS , also known as the Islamic State , has made a name for its itself with several videotaped beheadings in the Middle East . The Oklahoma Conference of Churches issued a statement on Saturday urging "  all Oklahomans and people everywhere not to equate Mr.  Nolen 's  actions with the beliefs and practices of the Islamic Community in Oklahoma . " The statement said that "  The Islamic Community of Oklahoma has consistently condemned all violence -- most especially acts of violence ostensibly carried out in the name of Islam . Along with our Muslim brothers and sisters we affirm that true Islam is , in fact , a religion of peace and that those inflicting violence in the name of Islam are perverting Islam for their own ends . " Suspect had lost his job The attack happened very soon after Nolen learned he 'd lost his job at the processing plant . Police said he walked into the front office of the plant and attacked one of first people he encountered , Colleen Hufford , 54 . He severed her head with a knife and then attacked 43-year-old Traci Johnson , who was in stable condition at a nearby hospital for treatment of "  numerous wounds , " according to police . "  He was n't targeting anyone , was n't going specifically after them , " the police spokesman said . "  It appears they were just in his way as he came in . " Nolen stopped attacking people when he was shot by Mark Vaughan , who besides being his company 's CEO has been a reserve deputy with the Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Office , said Sheriff John Whetsel . Nolen had been incarcerated until March 2013 , for possession of a controlled substance , escaping confinement and resisting an officer . CNN affiliate KOKI reported Nolen was arrested in 2006 when an officer saw him throw a bag of crack cocaine and a bag of marijuana out the vehicle window as the officer pulled him over for traffic violations . Nolen was put on probation , KOKI reported . In 2010 , a state trooper stopped Nolen for an expired tag and discovered Nolen had outstanding warrants , KOKI reported . The trooper , Betsy Randolph , told CNN on Saturday that Nolen started struggling after she put a handcuff on one wrist . Nolen ran and was arrested after a 12-hour manhunt . "  He kept looking over his shoulder because he knew I wanted to shoot him , but obviously I could n't shoot him in the back , " Randolph told CNN . "  If there had been any way to know the things he is alleged to have done a few days ago I would have killed him when I had a chance . " A spokesman for Gov. Mary Fallin , Alex Weintz , noted the governor had blocked Nolen from receiving parole in 2012 . Weintz said Saturday : "  The suspect came up for parole in 2012 and the governor denied his parole . She reviewed his file and did n't think that he was a good candidate for early parole . " CNN 's Evan Perez , Pamela Brown , Shelby Lin Erdman , Mark Bixler , Greg Botelho and John Branch contributed to this story .	NEW : State trooper says Nolen struggled with her during 2010 traffic stop Police say they have interviewed suspect Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 Nolen is suspected of beheading a 54-year-old woman in his former workplace Oklahoma Conference of Churches : Nolen 's actions do n't reflect on Muslim community
An explosion rocked Kabul on Saturday , hours after the newly appointed U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel landed in the Afghan capital . At least nine people were killed and 14 others injured , police said . A suicide bomber apparently targeted the Afghan ministry of defense , said Charlie Stadtlander , ISAF spokesman . Hagel was not injured , and is in a safe International Security Assistance Force location , according to the U.S. military . He was in a briefing at the time and "  continued as planned without interruption , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said . The bomber wearing a suicide vest approached the ministry on a bicycle , also laden with explosives , Kabul police said . He detonated near its gate . A Taliban spokesman claimed responsibility for the attack and expressed pleasure with Hagel 's proximity at the time . The ISAF commander , Gen Joseph Dunford , disputed that the attack signified any alert by the Taliban to its reach . "  I 'm not sure that I would accept that the Taliban knew the secretary was here in time to have planned that particular operation , " he said . "  We 've been extremely successful in preventing threats to Kabul . There has been violence , there are still people out there who want to conduct violence in Kabul , but I do n't think this sends a message that the Taliban can do what they want to do when they want to do it . In fact , I 'm confident they ca n't do that . " Hagel referred to the blast in comments to reporters and expressed condolences to the victims . "  I was n't sure what it was , " he said . "  I was in a briefing ... but we 're in a war zone . I 've been in war . So , should n't be surprised if a bomb goes off or an explosion . " Journalists assembled at a separate location , Camp Eggers , heard the blast , which also shook the facility . No one was hurt . Minutes before the large explosion , they could hear other booming sounds . Attendees were initially moved to a safer location , but have since been released and are expected to continue with their scheduled plans . A loud speaker announcement at Camp Eggers informed the attendees : "  We are not directly under attack at this facility . " The camp temporarily went into lockdown mode . Camp Eggers and ISAF headquarters are within walking distance from the Afghan defense ministry . Small arms fire continued there after the blast , ISAF said . Hagel is the first Vietnam veteran to head the defense department . He is in Afghanistan to thank the troops , he said , and "  to better understand where we are in Afghanistan . " Hagel met with rank-and-file troops -- the first time he had done so since assuming his post -- and awarded Purple Hearts to two soldiers , Pfc. Harry Hikes of Marysville , Washington , and Sgt. Jeremyah Williams of Sacramento , California . The defense secretary also presented coins to about 100 soldiers . He asked one soldier where he was from , to which the reply was Pine Bluff , Arkansas . "  Pine Bluff ? I think I 've got a bar bill there ! " Hagel said . During the trip , the defense department also reiterated U.S. support for South Korea in the event of military aggression from the North . Little also said that North Korea can not unilaterally terminate the Armistice Agreement , according to legal language included in it . This is Hagel 's first trip in nearly five years to the country that has been a theater of war for the United States longer than any other in history . On his last visit in summer 2008 , he traveled with then-Senator Barack Obama . Hagel told reporters that he 's known Afghan President Hamid Karzai for 11 years and he expects to talk with him about many topics , including the recent restrictions on U.S. Special Operations Forces . "  We 're still at war in Afghanistan , " he said , although it was never the United States ' intention to stay indefinitely . Many in Congress , including several high-ranking members of his Republican Party , opposed Hagel 's nomination ; the final vote in the Senate was 58-41 . Besides not liking his past comments about Israel and Iran , they bristled at his comments over the years about Iraq and Afghanistan , some of which came after the 2008 trip .	ISAF commander says Taliban still limited A suicide bomber detonated in Kabul at the ministry of defense ISAF headquarters and a military camp are nearby Hagel is safe and unharmed ; no one at the military camp was injured
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- While the world focuses on the gruesome images of a dead Gadhafi in Libya , many are missing another big game-changer taking place Sunday in the Arab world -- through ballots , not bullets . It 's happening in Tunisia , which is once again making history . With popular protest , Tunisia pushed its dictator Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali from power on January 14 . On Sunday , it will hold elections for the constitutional assembly that will determine the nation 's future ; it will be the first time many Tunisians have gone to the polls . This is a historic moment for Tunisia , and for the world . But there are no colorful banners or the festival atmosphere that often proclaims election seasons . Instead , Tunisian streets are quiet . Campaign posters are confined to designated spots on carefully marked walls . Walking around Tunis , one occasionally stumbles upon the checkerboard series of posters , usually with nearly identical slogans . Otherwise , it 's business as usual . In part , this is because laws restrict campaign activities to indoor spaces with prior approval . These laws may be intended to level the playing field , but have the effect of muting debate . Beyond this , most would-be voters find the elections confusing . More than 100 parties , 1,500 party lists  which offer proportional representation  and 10,000 candidates are vying for 199 seats in Tunisia 's 27 in-country districts .  Tunisia has established another six districts to represent Tunisians living outside the country . This is combined with decades of authoritarian rule that has left many Tunisians cynical , uninformed and detached from politics . Only 4.4 million of an estimated 7.5 million to 8 million eligible voters are registered to vote , despite an extended registration period . For some , though , stakes seem incredibly high . Some Tunisians worry that "  old forces " under Ben Ali 's regime will find a foothold in the new order . Tunisian authorities banned those who held positions of responsibility in the old ruling party from running in elections . The ban technically excluded thousands and clipped the wings of the old regime , but few believe their influence has disappeared for good . Perhaps more palpable is the concern that Islamists will hijack the process . Some point to Islamist demonstrations against the airing of the animated film "  Persepolis " on the private Tunisian TV station Nessma as a clear sign that Islamist forces are strong and determined to undo Tunisia 's secular regime . Islamists opposed to the depiction of God in the animated , award-winning French film about the 1979 Iranian revolution marched in central Tunis , until riot police used tear gas to disperse them . In defense of freedom and rights , secularists mounted a counter-demonstration , marching with tape over their mouths to protest limitations of freedom . There is finger-pointing on both sides . Those who fear the Islamist party , al-Nahda -- by far the strongest , best organized in the country -- point to the demonstrations as evidence that al-Nahda ca n't be trusted , or at best will be forced by Salafis to take more radical policies . Those favoring al-Nahda tell a story of incitement and conspiracy , in which anti-Nahdists intentionally incited the conflict to undermine Islamists . More generally , they fervently pledge to respect women 's rights , with loudspeaker announcements reminding voters that women make up an important half of society . On the bright side , debate is clearly alive and well in Tunisia . It is found around dinner tables , in conference rooms , schools and universities . Moreover , Tunisians seem determined to succeed . There is a sense of self-restraint and compromise among many , underpinned by formal agreements , that they must keep the process on track . It is incredibly important that the electoral process succeed , not just for Tunisia , but for the world . Just like the demonstrations that led to Ben Ali 's downfall , the elections receive little attention . Yet , just as the demonstrations ultimately changed the face of the Arab world , the elections can alter the course of history . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ellen Lust .	Ellen Lust : Historic election Sunday will determine Tunisia 's future , but there is little fanfare She says this is because laws restrict campaign activities and huge ballots are confusing She says years of repression have left Tunisians cynical , uninformed , apathetic Lust : Worry that Islamists will dominate or that old regime will intrude make vote crucial
CNN  -- There was plenty of color on show at the first day of the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations on Saturday , but sadly no goals as the tournament kicked off in Johannesburg , South Africa . Blog : What can we expect from 2013 Africa Cup of Nations ? / Team guide The opening two games in Group A saw the hosts play debutants Cape Verde while Angola took on Morocco . Cape Verde 's ` Special One ' Both matches ended in stalemate with all four teams level with one point each . Ghana and DR Congo kick-off the action in Group B in Port Elizabeth on Sunday while Mali take on Niger . Reigning champions Zambia begin the defense of their title against Ethiopia on January 21 . Ethiopia 's amazing soccer journey The Copper Bullets beat tournament favorites Ivory Coast in a dramatic penalty shoot-out in Libreville , Gabon last February .	The 2013 Africa Cup of Nations get underway in South Africa Hosts play out goalless draw against debutants Cape Verde Other match in Group A between Angola and Morocco also finishes 0-0
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Punctuality was one of Debbie Hooper 's best traits . Authorities sort through the wreckage thought to be Debbie Hooper 's car . She went missing September 20 . The 44-year-old grandmother from Whitesburg , Georgia , was always on time for her play dates with her baby granddaughter . She was always on time picking up her 15-year-old son from school . So when Hooper , who juggled two jobs to support her family , did n't appear at her dispatch job for a transportation company last Monday morning , her daughter Jessica Bartke , 19 , knew something was wrong . Her mother 's cell phone went straight to voicemail . Co-workers had n't seen the bubbly , kindhearted woman with curly brown hair and a magnetic presence . "  She 's always at work , " said Bartke , who lives in Winston , Georgia , about 10 minutes from her mother 's home . "  She was never lazy . I knew something had to be wrong . " Nearly a week after the torrential downpours that left the metro Atlanta area drenched , authorities are still searching for Hooper 's body , which was last believed to have been in the Dog River in Douglas County , west of Atlanta . Late Monday afternoon , authorities discovered a female body in the Dog River Reservoir , said Brad Robinson , chief deputy of the Carroll County Sheriff 's Office . They are waiting for lab work to identify the body , which is expected to be released Tuesday afternoon . Six flood-related deaths already have been reported in Douglas County . Bartke believes her mother went missing Sunday , September 20 , the eve of her 44th birthday . Last Friday , when the water ebbed , a search crew of nearly 25 law enforcement officers from Carroll and Douglas counties uncovered Hooper 's vehicle , a Jeep Liberty , stuck in the water in the Dog River . The team also recovered Hooper 's purse . "  It was like putting an ant in front of the fire hose , " said Sheriff Phil Miller of the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office . "  The little Jeep Liberty looked like it had been put in a crusher and beat into pieces . " The following Saturday morning , more than two dozen authorities and four cadaver dogs continued to search the Dog River area . Miller said the water flow had been constant , which means the body could have drifted into the Chattahoochee River . Hooper remains the last missing flood victim in the Atlanta area , but in Tennessee , a man who disappeared after swimming in an overflowing ditch on a dare is still missing . This month 's storm has been one of the worst in Southeastern U.S. history . The death toll in Georgia and Alabama has risen to 10 . Gov. Sonny Perdue has declared a state of emergency in 17 flood-stricken counties , and State Insurance Commissioner John Oxendine estimated that the flooding has caused $ 250 million in losses . Bartke , Hooper 's daughter , has taken her 15-year-old brother into her home . She says they are both distressed about not knowing where their mother may be . "  We talked every day , " Bartke said . "  We spoke to each other even if we were busy , even if it was for two seconds just to say ` Mom , I love you . I 'm busy right now , but I will call you back . ' "	Debbie Hooper , 44 , of Whitesburg , Georgia went missing September 20 Authorities found her Jeep Liberty in Dog River in Douglas County , west of Atlanta On Monday , authorities found a female body , but body is not yet identified This month 's rainfall has caused deadly flooding in the Southeast
At least 30,000 children in Mexico are involved in some sort of organized crime , according to a nationwide alliance of civic and social organizations . The Child Rights Network in Mexico says many of these children are taking part because of death threats or because of economic and social necessity . It is urging the government to start recognizing them as victims of child abuse . "  The drug cartels are not training them to be ringleaders , " spokeswoman Veronica Morales said . "  It is a new form of abuse in which they are being used to commit an offense , to violate the law and to deceive authorities . " In the past year , there have been numerous headlines of children being arrested in Mexico . Perhaps the most high-profile case involved a 14-year-old boy known as "  El Ponchis "  "  The Cloak "  . He was found guilty of torturing and beheading at least four people for the South Pacific drug cartel . A month after the boy was sentenced to three years in a correctional facility , a 13-year-old girl was captured in the state of Jalisco and accused of being part of the Zetas drug cartel . Authorities said the girl was receiving 8,000 pesos a month -- almost $ 800 -- for being a lookout . She would let gang members know who was entering and who was leaving Luis Moya , a municipality in north-central Mexico . In January of last year , a 15-year-old boy was captured in Jiutepec , just outside of Mexico City . During an impromptu news conference on the street , the child confessed that he was a lookout for the South Pacific cartel . He said he was collaborating with the cartel because of death threats . Children are easy prey for organized crime because they lack opportunities , said José Luis Cisneros , a sociologist at the Metropolitan Autonomous University in Mexico City . "  Socially ,  the children  see the violence as the only way to make people respect them -- and as a way to exercise certain power , something that has been denied to their families , " Cisneros said . While the Child Rights Network in Mexico said it has documented at least 30,000 kids involved in some criminal group , the Mexican government said it has not . According to the Agence Presse-France , the government told the U.N. Committee on the Rights of the Child that it does n't have information about minors involved in criminal or armed groups . A legal gap for children ? Civil organizations in Mexico also said law enforcement officials are violating children 's rights when they make arrests . The Child Rights Network in Mexico said it is common for many child suspects -- like the 14-year-old assassin and the 15-year-old boy in Jiutepec -- to be presented to the media without respect for their privacy or their presumption of innocence . "  A youth criminal justice law does not exist , " Morales said . "  There is a proposal in review in the Congress , but even that one has significant omissions . "  The  United Nations  Convention  on the Rights of the Child  points out that the children have to be treated and not necessarily imprisoned after having committed a crime . " Arturo Argente , director of the law faculty at the Monterrey Institute of Technology of Higher Education  Toluca Campus  , agrees that Mexican authorities must protect a child 's identity and guarantee that a process will follow "  from a child-abuse angle , as a kid who has been working at an illegal business . " In addition to that , he said , the children must receive psychological treatment and be taught to respect the law . Morales is calling for a comprehensive law that would "  give attention to the kids " with specialized courts , judges , lawyers and specialists . "  When there is a child involved in some organized crime act , there is never a suitable investigation , " she said . "  The authorities justify that it is a drug-trafficking crime and it is treated as a regular case . " Experts note that arrested children are not the only young people affected by organized crime . In the past five years , from December 2006 to December 2011 , at least 1,188 children have died because of armed clashes , according to the Child Rights Network in Mexico . That represents about 2.5 % of the estimated 47,515 drug-related deaths over the last five years reported by Mexican authorities . The U.N. Committee on the Rights of the Child confirmed that up until 2010 , 1,000 children had died in acts linked to organized crime .	The past year has seen numerous headlines of children being arrested in Mexico At least 30,000 of them are involved in organized crime , says a nationwide group The group says these children should be treated as abuse victims , not criminals It is urging the government to rehabilitate the children and protect them
Washington  CNN  -- Health care reform backers won a key victory Saturday night as the Senate voted to move ahead with a floor debate on a sweeping $ 848 billion bill . The 60-39 vote to prevent a Republican filibuster against the start of debate on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's legislation broke down along strict party lines . All 58 Senate Democrats -- along with independent Sens. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut and Bernie Sanders of Vermont -- supported bringing the measure to the floor . Thirty-nine of the 40 Senate Republicans opposed the motion . Sen. George Voinovich , R-Ohio , did n't vote . "  Tonight 's historic vote brings us one step closer to ending insurance company abuses , reining in spiraling health care costs , providing stability and security to those with health insurance and extending quality health coverage to those who lack it , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said in a statement . The polarized vote set the table for a holiday season now virtually certain to be marked by acrimonious deliberations on President Obama 's top domestic priority . Top Senate Democrats , who are trying to pass a bill before the end of the year , spent much of the day tarring their Republican colleagues as defenders of a broken status quo benefitting rich insurance companies at the expense of ordinary American families . Republicans , in turn , slammed Democrats for pushing a bill that conservatives insist will force millions of Americans to drop insurance plans they like while boosting premiums , raising taxes and leading to government rationing of care . Read the health care bill  PDF "  Today we -LSB- decide -RSB- whether to even discuss one of the greatest issues of our generation , " Reid , a Nevada Democrat , said shortly before the vote . "  Whether this nation will finally guarantee its people the right to live free from fear of illness and death , which can be prevented by decent health care for all . " The Republicans "  are frightening people , " said Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa . "  Now is not the time to go wobbly in the knees . Now is the time to stand strong ... and move this country forward . " "  This bill ... is a massive monument to bureaucracy and spending , " replied Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . It "  imposes punishing taxes on almost everyone . ... A vote in favor of proceeding to this bill is a vote in favor of adding to the tax burden of the American people in the midst of double digit unemployment . " The bill "  does worse than nothing , " said Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa . It "  threatens the economic recovery . ... Changes to the health care system must be responsible and not break the backs of the taxpayers . " The procedural vote represented another milestone in what has become an epic battle over the future of America 's health care system . The House of Representatives narrowly passed a more than $ 1 trillion bill this month . If the Senate also manages to pass a bill , a congressional conference committee will then need to merge the House and Senate proposals into a consensus version requiring final approval from each chamber before moving to Obama 's desk to be signed into law . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has projected that Reid 's 2,074-page bill would extend health insurance coverage to 31 million additional Americans . The agency estimates that the proposal would reduce the federal deficit by $ 130 billion over the next 10 years , through 2019 . Any effect on the deficit in the following decade would be "  subject to substantial uncertainty , " but probably would result in "  small reductions in federal budget deficits , " according to budget office analysts . A minimum of 60 votes is required to break a filibuster in the 100-member Senate . The outcome of the Senate vote was unclear before Saturday afternoon , when Sen. Blanche Lincoln , D-Arkansas , announced her intention to back a floor debate on the measure . Lincoln , a key moderate probably facing a tough re-election campaign in 2010 , said the issue deserved further debate and consideration . She made clear , however , that she opposes several aspects of Reid 's bill , including a controversial government-run public option . "  Although I do n't agree with everything in this bill , I believe it is important to begin debate , " Lincoln said . "  The issue is very complex . There is no easy fix . " Republicans wasted no time tearing into Lincoln 's vote , issuing a news release while she was still announcing her decision , proclaiming that she had caved to "  pressure from the left wing of her party . " "  There 's no doubt that this vote will be a critical issue for Sen. Lincoln as she embarks on her uphill re-election bid , " said Amber Wilkerson Marchand , a GOP spokeswoman . "  The people of Arkansas will have an opportunity to hold her accountable when they cast their ballots next November . " Two other Democratic moderates whose support was considered to be in doubt -- Nebraska 's Ben Nelson and Louisiana 's Mary Landrieu -- also announced their decision to back a full debate shortly before the vote . Reid 's bill , projected to ensure coverage for 94 percent of Americans , includes a range of tax increases and new fees . The Medicare payroll tax on individuals earning $ 200,000 a year and couples earning $ 250,000 a year would increase by half a percentage point , from the current 1.45 percent to 1.95 percent . In addition , insurers providing costly health coverage -- known as Cadillac plans -- would face a 40 percent tax on policies worth more than $ 8,500 for individuals and $ 23,000 for families . The bill also includes a 5 percent tax on the cost of elective cosmetic surgery , as well as new fees for insurers and pharmaceutical manufacturers . The total projected revenue raised by all the taxes and fees would exceed $ 200 billion . The bill would require individuals to buy health insurance , with a fine for non-compliance of $ 95 in the first year that would escalate to $ 750 by 2016 . Unlike the plan recently passed by the House , the Senate bill does not mandate that all employers offer health care . Businesses with more than 50 workers , where at least one employee qualifies for government subsidies , would face a penalty of $ 750 for every full-time employee if it does not offer health care coverage . Reid 's bill also would expand government-run Medicaid coverage for the poor to everyone making less than 133 percent of the national poverty level . Democratic leaders in both chambers have been wrestling with the most contentious issues , including abortion and immigration , as well as how to pay for reform . The House bill has more restrictive abortion language and includes a 5.4 percent income tax surcharge on individuals making more than $ 500,000 and couples earning more than $ 1 million . Both bills include a government-run public option , but the Senate version allows states to opt out before the national program would go into effect in 2014 . The two bills are virtually identical on a broad range of changes , including creating health insurance exchanges , expanding Medicaid , subsidizing insurance for low - and some middle-income families , and capping out-of-pocket medical expenses while preventing insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . Insurers under both plans would be barred from charging higher premiums based on a person 's gender or medical history .	"  Tonight 's historic vote brings us one step closer , " White House press secretary says All 58 Democrats , two independents clinch vote Democrats rip into Republicans as defenders of status quo GOP decries "  massive monument to bureaucracy and spending "
Washington  CNN  -- At first glance , it 's a hoax : a storefront for a Museum of Unnatural History , complete with a bizarre animal skeleton visible through the front window and unicorn tears for sale . It 's perfect for luring in curious children . But when volunteers get kids past the upside-down coyote hanging from the ceiling and the owl with an elephant trunk , they shape young minds with after-school tutoring , writing workshops and books written by kids . "  I think the kids are tricked in and then , as they are talking to the person at the front desk , they are learning about what 's going on in the tutoring center , " said Gerald Richards , the chief executive of 826 National , the nonprofit network of tutoring centers that look nothing like classrooms . The Washington "  museum , " which set up shop in the Columbia Heights neighborhood in October , was the latest branch to open . Each of the eight centers has an imaginative storefront that helps raise money and encourage creativity among students . In Seattle , kids are lured into the writing lab by the Greenwood Space Travel Supply Co. , which sells intergalactic peace treaties and travel cups . In Ann Arbor , Michigan , Liberty Street Robot Supply & Repair sells robot emotion upgrades , fruit powered clocks and robodentures . The original chapter opened eight years ago at 826 Valencia St. in San Francisco 's Mission District .  As it spread , the original address inspired the name 826 National .  It was co-founded by Dave Eggers , author of "  A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius , " and founder of the publishing house , McSweeney 's . Early on , organizers at 826 Valencia St. learned the space they 'd rented was zoned for retail , so they needed to come up with something to sell . The space looked a bit like an old pirate ship . "  Someone thought , ` Why do n't we sell pirate gear and see what happens ? ' " Richards said . Since then , it has been fronted by The Pirate Supply Store , where shoppers can purchase hooks , peg legs and plank-by-the-foot . Now , Richards said , profits from stores account for 20 percent of the teaching that goes on in the writing center . And the imagination enticements work . 826 National is on track to serve 24,000 students this year through its tutoring centers and school outreach programs . Sisters Teah and Janea Green have been visiting 826DC most afternoons since it opened . "  This place is awesome , " said Janea , 10 , as she worked on her multiplication homework with volunteer Matt Lemanski . "  I really , really need help with my homework and my parents are busy sometimes . " "  Sometimes we do poetry , sometimes we do math , " said Teah , 9 . When she does n't have homework , she works on the story she is writing about a mermaid named Katopia . Writing is the primary focus at 826 centers , which also work with middle school and high school students . It also publishes books written by students . Their latest , "  I Live Real Close to Where You Used to Live , " is a collection of student letters to First Lady Michelle Obama . It will be in bookstores on December 15 . The letters run the gamut from asking if Obama cooks with an Easy-Bake Oven at the White House , to a suggestion that she use robots to keep drugs off the streets . The book is a companion to one that came out last year that contains letters to President Barack Obama , "  Thanks and Have Fun Running the Country . " Profits from the book sales are used to support the tutoring centers . Kathleen Yancey , an English professor at Florida State University , said the 826 National centers complement the learning that goes on in classrooms . Schools are about college and job readiness , and tests that prove it , Yancey said . Those demands do n't leave much time for playful reading or imaginative writing , even if it could help some students learn . "  If you want people to engage in activity , you find a way for them to have fun with it . 826 is a genius at that , " said Yancey , a past president of the National Council of Teachers of English . "  If -LSB- students -RSB- do n't take any pleasure in it , they wo n't actually practice it . When they have fun , they wo n't quit on you . " Fun is what draws students in , too . "  It 's OK to be strange , " said Richards , the 826 leader . "  It 's OK to be magical , it 's OK to be whimsical . "	826 National is a network of writing centers tucked behind imaginative storefronts A new 826 chapter , 826DC , opened recently in Washington A new book written by 826 National kids features letters to Michelle Obama
CHONGQING , China  CNN  -- Anna He is like a lot of kids about to turn 10 . She plays with her brother , fights with her sister , practices piano , hates vegetables and is adapting to her new life -- adapting , because even though she 's Chinese , this little girl seems far from happy about living in China . Anna He , 9 , finds it hard to adjust to life after she was returned to her biological parents , Jack and Casey He . "  I always hate staying in China , " she says . "  It 's one of the worst places I have ever been . When I first went to the big city , there was so -LSB- much -RSB- pollution and so -LSB- it -RSB- always makes me feel bad . I also do n't like the smell . " Her new life in China began after the Tennessee Supreme Court ruled last year that Anna should be returned to her biological parents , Jack and Casey He , known in China as He Shaoqiang and Qin Luo respectively . The decision ended a six-year custody battle . Anna was born prematurely while her parents were in Memphis , Tennessee , on temporary work visas . Unable to cope financially , they decided to give her up temporarily until they were able to get back on their feet . That 's when Jerry and Louise Baker stepped in and agreed to take temporary custody of Anna , when she was 4 weeks old . The Bakers said they made a verbal agreement with the Hes to take care of Anna until she was 18 . But the Hes dispute that . They wanted their daughter back soon after her first birthday and eventually went to court to have their parental rights restored . After a bitter legal battle , the Hes finally prevailed and Anna was returned to her parents . Anna was given a six-month transition period to adjust to her biological family before the Hes left the United States . Now back in China , Anna is still finding it hard to adjust . Her biological parents have separated since returning to their homeland . Casey He relocated her family from Changsha , China , to Chongqing -- a sprawling mega-city on the banks of the Yangtze River with a population of 32 million . Like most of China 's big cities , it 's heavily polluted . During the winter , the sun rarely breaks through the heavy brown smog . Jack He says the marriage is over . Casey He appears shaken when asked about her husband and why she packed up and left , with Anna and her younger brother and sister -- Andy , 8 , and Avita , 6 . "  A lot of things were not what I intended and not what I had hoped , " said Casey He . She said she would talk about why she left "  one day when the kids are bigger . " Jack He says the couple disagreed over how they should raise their children . He has limited contact with his family ; Anna has seen him only once in the past two months but says she does n't miss him . Asked why , she said , "  I do n't know . It 's just a feeling in me . " Now a single mother , Casey has enrolled all three children in a boarding school during the week . A tough decision , she says , but necessary -- especially for Anna , who was a straight-A student in the U.S. but now struggles because she ca n't speak Chinese . "  I know American people say I am bad , I take the kids to school , this is not good . But in China , the Chinese people do n't think so . They study very hard , " Casey He said . She lives with her children in a small , two-bedroom apartment ; it 's clean and sparsely furnished . Casey bought a new piano for Anna and Avita , who are both taking lessons . The apartment and school are both paid for by Casey He 's brother , a wealthy businessman . Life is difficult , she says , but she has no doubt that despite Anna 's struggle to fit in , the little girl is still better off with her in China rather than living in Memphis with the Bakers . "  In China one single mother take three kids -- for me , it is very hard . But I love my kids , mother 's love from my heart , " said Casey He . "  I can take care of the kids . Give them better life . " Since her parents split , Anna has re-established regular contact with the Bakers , who call every Saturday . But after more than a year with her biological family , Anna is still unsure of where she would rather be -- with her mom or the Bakers . "  I can not pick anyone . I would die if I would pick one , " she said .	Anna He was taken in by Tennessee couple during her parents ' financial hardship In 2007 , Tennessee Supreme Court ruled she should return to biological parents Parents Jack and Casey He separated ; Anna still adjusting to life with mom , siblings "  I can not pick anyone , " says 9-year-old Anna about her 2 sets of parents
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- The opening of clothing retailer H&M 's first store in China 's capital was marked by the sight of hundreds of umbrellas clustered around its front doors . Senior management at H&M in Beijing open the retailer 's first store in the Chinese capital . These were fearless shoppers , determined to get fist dibs on the new merchandise . It was a cold and rainy morning as salespeople opened dozens of new branded umbrellas and passed them out for free . Two women at the front of the line said they had been waiting since 6 a.m. . The store did n't open for five more hours . "  We heard about it in Shanghai and did some research , " one woman said . "  We checked its Web site and its new designs . We loved it . " Young , urban Chinese women who love Western brands are H&M 's target market . "  I only buy foreign brands , " said 22-year-old Xiao Xiao , who owns her own online fashion boutique . "  H&M offers a combination of fashion and cheap prices , " another woman said . "  It 's a brand that suits the public needs well . " This is a city hungry for the latest fashion and good deals . When the doors opened , the throngs flooded in , pawing the racks as if the clothes would disappear in a second . Xiao Xiao tripped and fell . The Beijing branch is H&M 's tenth store in mainland China , after opening in Shanghai , Nanjing , Changzhou , Shenzhen and Wuxi . China is a crucial part of H&M 's plan to grow its brand in Asia . "  Everybody knows China has 1.3 billion people , " said country manager Lex Keijser . "  If we can bring in all these customers in the future to H&M , and dress them into our fashion , that will be great . " "  H&M is targeting young women from the age of 20-35 , " said marketing consultant Ray Ally . "  They 're looking for a very kind of Western fashion . They want clothes they ca n't buy in China from local brands . " H&M is one of several Western companies seeking to expand in China , especially in light of bad sales back home due to the economic crisis . They 're hoping to cash in on young professional women who want to be their own person , create their own style and have the money to do it . "  Women tend to spend more on brands , " said Ally . "  They 're more self-conscious , more aware of health and beauty issues . " Toy manufacturer Mattel recently opened a flagship store in Shanghai . It includes six glistening floors filled with not just Barbie dolls , but branded luxury goods aimed at young women who want to channel their inner "  Barbie girl . " Unilever-owned Dove is sponsoring the Chinese version of the TV Show "  Ugly Betty . " Episodes feature several seconds of fairly obvious product placement . And , Estee Lauder 's Clinique is trying to reach China 's 300 million netizens via the Internet with "  Sufei 's Diary . " The digital sitcom profiles Sufei , a college student who deals with health and beauty issues . In one episode , she battles her pimples with Clinique 's skin care cosmetics . This kind of non-traditional marketing is well-suited to Chinese consumers who spend many more hours online than watching television . Of course , it will take some time to see what the payoff is . "  Sufei 's Diary " is reportedly a hit . But China 's "  Ugly Betty " show has n't won such a huge following . Some bloggers write that they do n't think the main character is "  ugly enough . " As for H&M , its Beijing store is off to a good start . Minutes after opening , Xiao Xiao , now back on her feet , was already carrying piles of clothing . "  The blue suit , the pink shorts , the peacock clutch bag , I got them all , " she said . "  I knew exactly what I wanted . "	Young , urban Chinese women who love western brands are H&M 's target market The Beijing branch is H&M 's tenth store in mainland China China is a crucial part of the retailer 's plan to grow its brand in Asia Estee Lauder 's Clinique is trying to reach China 's 300M netizens via the Internet
CNN  -- The family of a woman who died last year while in police custody at Phoenix , Arizona 's , Sky Harbor International Airport filed an $ 8 million claim Wednesday against the city of Phoenix and its police department , the first step in filing a wrongful death suit . Carol Gotbaum , shown in an undated family photo , died accidentally , a medical examiner said . Carol Gotbaum , a 45-year-old mother of three from New York traveling to Tucson , Arizona , to enter an alcohol rehabilitation center , was taken into custody by Phoenix police on September 28 after she missed her connecting flight and flew into a rage . She was left alone in a holding cell at the airport and subsequently died , accidentally strangling herself while trying to escape her handcuffs . The claim accuses the Police Department of using "  excessive and unreasonable force " on Gotbaum and failing to follow its own procedures in handling people who are obviously disturbed . "  Good people here made lethal , unreasonable mistakes , with catastrophic results for Carol , her three small children and for her husband , " the claim says . Gotbaum was treated "  as if she was a dangerous criminal , rather than as a sick , intoxicated and vulnerable person she was , " it says . "  She had no weapon and never threatened anyone . " City attorneys responded to the claim , saying that police officers acted properly and responsibly in restraining Gotbaum . "  The Gotbaum family has publicly admitted , not only that Carol hid her medical and mental condition , but that the officers responded to Carol exactly the way her husband knew they would respond because they did not have critical information known only to the Gotbaum family , " city attorneys representing the Police Department wrote . Gotbaum , the stepdaughter-in-law of New York public advocate Betsy Gotbaum , became agitated after missing her flight when gate agents were unable to seat her on a subsequent flight . Airport surveillance video shows Gotbaum 's arrest , with police officers struggling to handcuff her . Police reports say she was "  uncooperative " and resisted arrest , screaming during their attempts to escort her out of the airport terminal . She was accused of disorderly conduct and placed in a holding cell at the airport , where she continued to scream for several minutes after police left the room . Shortly after she stopped screaming , an officer found her unconscious , and rescuers were unable to resuscitate her . The Maricopa County medical examiner ruled that her death was an accidental hanging . E-mail to a friend	Police took Carol Gotbaum into custody after she missed a flight , flew into a rage Accused of disorderly conduct , she was put in an airport holding cell , where she died Claim says police used excessive , unreasonable force , disregarded own procedures City says police officers acted properly and responsibly in restraining Gotbaum
CNN  -- Maisah Sobaihi is n't just lifting the veil on the complicated love lives of Saudi Arabian women . She 's smashing down the door to their homes and inviting you in for a cup of tea . When the playwright took her one-woman show to the Edinburgh Fringe last month , she became not just the first Saudi Arabian to perform at the prestigious British arts festival , but the first to reveal a mysterious world that is n't as different from the West as you might think . Against the painted backdrop of rambling Middle Eastern streets , Sobaihi takes her audience deep inside the hidden rooms of Saudi Arabian women , playing characters grappling with questions of love , marriage and divorce . It 's a rare glimpse into an intensely private world . But since she first started performing "  Head over Heels in Saudi Arabia " seven years ago , Sobaihi has been touched by the huge number of women telling her how much they associated with her characters -- regardless of whether they were from New York or Jeddah . "  In the beginning I was really surprised to hear that , because I was writing it in Saudi Arabia about myself and other women I knew , " said Sobaihi . "  But I was also happy because I think at the end of the day the experiences of women are always connected somehow . And one of the objectives of the play is to create that strong dialogue for understanding . " Saudi stereotypes When I meet Sobaihi in the dimly lit dining room of a stately London hotel , she is as serene as the paintings on the wall , yet with the same huge , mischievous eyes which bring so much life to her characters on stage . Later when I ask her age , she politely laughs off the question -- despite appearing strikingly youthful for a woman with two sons in their 20s . Swathed in ornate fabrics and wearing a simple headscarf , the elegant academic with American accent is anything but the stereotypical image of the hidden Arab woman . "  Saudi Arabia is mysterious to the West because we are very private culture , " she said . "  And I think it 's our responsibility to tell other women outside our world about our experiences , to break this mystery . " A laughing matter ? For Sobaihi , the best way to crack open this unknown world is with laughter , using a wry playfulness on stage to explore the most intimate of relationships . In a nation where men can have more than one wife , one character deals with the prospect of her husband taking a second partner , by attempting to dig up dirt on her . Meanwhile , another character turns her back on the traditional notion of love , and a "  Saudi prince galloping in on his horse . " "  I prefer to take serious things and deal with them in a light-hearted way , " said Sobaihi . "  I 've had feedback from people who say it 's enlightening . They do n't know so much about Arab women in general -- and less so Saudi Arabian women . So it is an eye-opener . " "  But we can not deny that we are a conservative culture and we are very sensitive to issues that could be viewed as ... unconventional , so we tread carefully . " Conservative Culture Born in Saudi Arabia , Sobaihi spent much of her childhood in California , before studying for a doctorate in English literature at the University of London . Today she is an assistant professor at King Abdul Aziz University in Jeddah . But the deeply conservative kingdom is n't always an easy place for a divorced mother-of-two such as Sobaihi . This is a nation where women are banned from driving , and where male guardians grant permission for everything from traveling to opening a bank account . In the 2012 Global Gender Gap Report , Saudi Arabia was ranked fifth worst for equality of the 135 countries rated . However some reforms are on the way , with women allowed to enter parliament earlier this year , and set to get the vote in 2015 . Female director Haifaa Al Mansour -- whose film "  Wadjda " is the country 's first nomination at the 2014 Oscars -- is one of an increasing number of "  firsts " for women in recent years . "  When I was living as a divorcee there it was still hard , " said Sobaihi . "  You have to deal with what society might think and because men are allowed more than one wife , women might fear you too . "  There is that perception that it is better to be married . But that is less and less now for younger women . There are many who chose to go on scholarships provided by the government -- I think in the U.S. we have 80,000 students studying . " When asked about the significance of her appearance at Edinburgh , Sobaihi remains modest , smiling broadly as she turns the question on me . "  On a personal level I 'm lucky to be the first , " she says . "  But I do n't think I 'll be the last . "	First Saudi Arabian woman performs at Edinburgh Fringe Festival Play "  Head Over Heels " gives insight into personal lives of Saudi Arabian women The academic and divorced mother-of-two hails from deeply conservative country Aims to lift the lid on "  mysterious world " and foster understanding between cultures
CNN  -- Made in Africa is not something you hear about very often . But Tal Dehtiar is trying to change that with his business , Oliberte , which he says is the first international company to market casual shoes made entirely in Africa . A Native-born Canadian , Dehtiar is one of a growing number of social entrepreneurs who want to do good while doing well . He launched his company two years ago , with an aim to make -- and sell -- shoes for the fashionista with a conscience . "  For that man or woman between 25 to 45 that says ' I want to look good , I want quality , but I want to stand for something as well , ' " Dehtiar said . Standing for something is Dehtiar 's stock-in-trade but it has n't always endeared him to the business community . Last year he appeared , for the second time , on Canadian TV show "  Dragon 's Den , " on which entrepreneurs attempt to win funding for their business ideas from the show 's panel of investors . Dehtiar was trying to woo investors to help with marketing costs for his fledgling company . For a second time , he failed to clinch the deal . Kevin O'Leary , one of the panel of investors , told Dehtiar on the show : "  Last year when I met you , I thought you were going to zero ... I thought you were road pizza . Just a charity guy , did n't know how to run a business . "  Here you are , with half a mil in sales . That 's great , but I 'm out of sync with you on a huge issue . You 're in a country where your costs are 130 % more than where you could be in China . And you wo n't , for some reason that I do n't understand , raise your prices to match your quality . " But Dehtiar remains clear about his goal : to sell affordable high quality shoes from a continent he says has major manufacturing potential . "  When I want people to think of Africa , related to manufacturing footwear , I do n't want them looking at it as another low cost producer -- ` Oh it 's the next China ' -- cheap labor , " he said . "  If you want to do that , stay in China or stay wherever 's low cost . If you want quality footwear , if you want to pay people right , if you want to treat them with respect , use good product , then come to Africa , " he added . Dehtiar did n't secure any investors for his company on TV , but in real life his vision is starting to attract attention . At the "  PROJECT " trade show in New York City , buyers from popular stores like Urban Outfitters and high-end boutiques showed interest in selling Oliberte 's wares . "  A lot of times , consumers do n't know where anything comes from or how it 's affecting anybody , " said Xenia Viray , a buyer for the Upper West Side boutique store Tani . "  More importantly , the shoes just look really good . " Industry expert Andrew Pollard said : "  What he 's doing is he 's forging new ground . Where most people in the industry would never even know that Africa is a viable place to manufacture , he 's showing that it is . " As the company grows , Dehtiar hopes he 's helping shore up a much-underdeveloped middle class . Currently Oliberte employs around six workers in Ethiopia , which is famous for its leather . And this year he hopes to train and work with up to 50 workers in Liberia , a hot spot for rubber . Oliberte can not dictate how much the local African factories pay their workers . Instead , Dehtiar says he can , and does , work with them to do the right thing . "  We make sure they pay at minimum the minimum wage with the understanding that as we grow as a company , they 're committed to improving their conditions , whether it 's through  initiatives such as  health insurance programs ... now all the factories provide maternity leave programs to all the women , " he said . And it seems Dehtiar is not the only one convinced that providing decent jobs and making high-quality footwear can go hand in hand . When New York City shoe store owner David Zaken heard about Oliberte , he immediately put in an order . "  In the United States , 87 % of all footwear are made in China , and when I saw them at the trade show and it 's made in Ethiopia , I thought wow ! What a noble , what a great thing to do and I jumped on it and supported it right away , " Zaken said . Oliberte is growing . The company has gone from selling 200 pairs of shoes in 2009 to a projected 18,000 this year . But whether it can sustain the growth , keep the price point low and continue to employ workers at higher wages than its Chinese counterparts will , ultimately , be the test .	Oliberte says it 's the first international company to market casual shoes made in Africa Founder Tal Dehtiar wants Africa to be known producing quality footwear Dehtiar hopes to help develop African middle class
London  CNN  -- Britain has some of the best journalism in the world . A number of institutions with noble traditions -- the London Times , the BBC , the Guardian and others -- foster reporting that challenges vested interests and informs citizens in exactly the way that journalism is supposed to do . But the British press also has deep problems , as the phone-hacking affair and the year-long Leveson inquiry into press ethics and practices have revealed . In recent decades editors and proprietors have made themselves virtually unaccountable for what they do , enabling a culture to develop in which the people who are the subjects of stories may be bullied , lied about or intruded upon at will . It is only a minority of journalists who have done this , but the attitude was cynical and ugly , summed up by a News of the World news editor who remarked to a colleague : "  That is what we do . We go out and destroy other people 's lives . " The result was a stream of scandals of which phone hacking was only the latest and the worst , and , though journalists hate to admit it , the whole trade is contaminated . News : Brooks , Coulson charged over alleged payments to officials The report of the Leveson Inquiry , due later this week , is a historic opportunity to clean things up . In an ideal world journalists would not need the kind of regulation he will recommend , but if trust is to be rebuilt it is essential . It is essential , too , because citizens have to be protected against the kinds of violations that have become common , and that have spread misery and distress . What will it change ? The first thing we have to acknowledge is that Leveson can only recommend ; it is up to the government , parliament and the industry to implement what he suggests . And the British press has been through crises like this before and usually managed to wriggle off the hook . But this time is probably worse than ever before and the newspapers are less in control of the debate than ever before , so change is indeed possible . The challenge to Lord Justice Leveson was to come up with an effective system of regulation that does not undermine the freedom of journalists to do their work in the public interest . And that surely means calling time on the industry 's "  self-regulation , " now acknowledged as a mere fig-leaf . So there will probably be a new body , in all likelihood backed by statute , with the job of ensuring that newspapers and their websites meet basic standards of accuracy and fairness . Hacked Off , the campaign group of which I am director , hopes that it will be very clearly independent of both political influence and of the editors and proprietors . This is not such a great novelty for Britain , first because for years the press has insisted that its own self-regulation regime existed to uphold standards and provide redress  though it did so only selectively  and second because broadcast journalism is regulated in this way  and broadcast journalism happens to be the country 's most trusted  . To some , however , it will sound ugly , even offensive . We like to think of journalism as unfettered and rambunctious , and British journalists are apt to quote from John Stuart Mill , or to cite the troublemaking examples of William Cobbett and W. T. Stead , to justify their independence from any kind of vetting or control . Opinion : Why media fights back so hard But change is now vital because journalism has been inflicting too much damage . Too many innocent , ordinary people -- victims of crime , people bereaved in disasters , innocent acquaintances and relatives of the famous -- have been lied about , intruded upon or had their rights trampled on by newspapers . So Britain has a choice : sacrifice the rights of vulnerable people into the future or try to get the press to observe basic standards . It 's not really a choice at all . And the new regulation will not be censorship . Lord Justice Leveson is obliged by his terms of reference to make recommendations that support press freedom and in any case he pledged many times that he was not remotely interested in gagging the newspapers . Instead newspapers will be made accountable , after publication , for their errors and failures . They will have to acknowledge them and give redress to those injured . They will be required to abide by a code of practice and face scrutiny , censure and possibly fines for repeated or grievous breaches . And they will have to do something they have never liked to do : learn from their mistakes . For a journalist -- and I am one -- it is in many ways shaming . But we journalists are the first to demand this kind of remedy in any other walk of life where ethics have broken down , be it banking or policing or medical practice . We must be ready to take the medicine we dish out to others , not least because it can and should make us better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brian Cathcart .	Phone-hacking revelations revealed problems into UK press , says Brian Cathcart Cathcart argues Leveson inquiry is historic opportunity to clean things up He wants scrutiny independent of politicians instead of industry 's "  self-regulation " Newspapers must be more accountable for errors and failures , Cathcart says
Rome  CNN  -- Italian center-left politician Enrico Letta has fully accepted a mandate to form a government , he told reporters Saturday . Letta made the announcement after meeting with President Giorgio Napolitano , who had given him that mandate on Wednesday . The 46-year-old former deputy prime minister and his ministers will be sworn in on Sunday at 11:30 a.m. , the presidential palace said . Parliament is expected to confirm his government through a vote of confidence on Monday . Letta 's acceptance of the leadership role is expected to limit the uncertainty that has gripped the nation since February , when elections left none of the candidates with enough support to form a government . He gave reporters a list of his 18 ministers , two of whom are members of the center-right People of Freedom Party led by three-time Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . Three of the ministers are holdovers from the government of Mario Monti , the outgoing prime minister . Nearly all the others are members of Letta 's Democratic Party or people close to it . Letta had accepted Napolitano 's request to take the job with reservations Napolitano , 87 , was re-elected by Italy 's Parliament on Saturday to an unprecedented second term as president . February 's general election resulted in a three-way split among the right , the left and a wild-card party . Letta said this week that the most important step would be to tackle the country 's 11.6 % unemployment rate , which has pushed many young Italians to leave the country . The second most pressing issue facing Italy is the need for political reform , he said . Constitutional changes are needed to reduce the number of members of parliament and fix an electoral system that has kept the country locked in a political stalemate it ca n't afford , he said . "  We need to do this together with the largest participation possible , " he said . He also said the European Union 's policy of austerity needs to change .	Enrico Letta is to be sworn in as prime minister Sunday Parliament is expected to confirm his government on Monday The announcement is expected to end the uncertainty that has gripped Italy for months
CNN  -- One St. Louis-area police officer resigned and another retired in the continued fallout from questionable police actions in the days after the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson , Missouri . The moves bring to three the number of police officers whose conduct was called into question after the August 9 fatal shooting of Michael Brown , an African-American teen shot multiple times by a white police officer . The three officers are : Lt. Ray Albers , who threatened and pointed an assault rifle at protesters ; Dan Page , an officer caught on camera pushing a CNN correspondent before a video surfaced of him ranting about the Supreme Court and Muslims ; and Matthew Pappert , an officer fired after making what his chief called "  very ... inappropriate " Facebook comments about the protests in Ferguson . Albers , a 20-year veteran of the St. Ann , Missouri , police department , resigned Thursday , according to City Administrator Matt Conley . Albers stepped down after the city 's board of police commissioners recommended to the board of aldermen that he be fired or resign , St. Ann Police Chief Aaron Jimenez told CNN on Saturday . "  He 's one of my best friends but we have to do what 's best for the city , " Jimenez said . "  It does n't mean he 's a bad guy , but he made a mistake after 20 years of solving crimes . " Albers was the officer who pointed a semiautomatic rifle at a Ferguson protester and threatened to kill him on August 19 -- a tense moment caught on video and posted online . A day after the incident , police officials announced that the officer had been "  relieved of duty and suspended indefinitely . " In the video , Albers can be seen walking around with his assault rifle raised , then pointing it in the direction of protesters . "  I 'm going to f -- ing kill you , " he says . "  Get back . Get back . " Police said the protester involved in what it deemed "  a verbal exchange " was "  peaceful . " Another man in the crowd said out loud , "  Did you threaten to kill him ? " When the officer was asked for his name , he responded : "  Go f -- yourself . " Protesters mocked the officer before he was led away by another member of law enforcement . A CNN crew also saw the officer point his weapon at those around him as he cursed , shouted and threatened people by saying he 'd kill them unless they stayed away . Jimenez said of Albers : "  He 's not doing well , but he 's trying to stay positive . He knows over his 20 years , he 's done a lot of good work . You do one thing and it can ruin your career . He recognized what he did was wrong . That 's his first step in moving on . He feels remorse . He said he was scared and was n't thinking . " Page , an officer with the St. Louis County Police Department , retired effective August 25 , according to St. Louis County police spokesman Brian Schellman . Page was caught on camera pushing CNN 's Don Lemon . He was placed on administrative leave after a video surfaced of him ranting about the Supreme Court and Muslims , among other things . He also refers on the video to Barack Obama as "  that illegal alien who claims to be our President . " This week , officials in the city of Glendale , Missouri , confirmed that Pappert was fired after making what his chief called "  very ... inappropriate " Facebook comments , according to a city official . "  These protesters should be put down like a rabid dog the first night , " Pappert wrote in one post , according to CNN affiliate KMOV . There were reportedly five inappropriate posts , KMOV said . Pappert , a six-year veteran of the Glendale force , was originally suspended on August 22 after the comments came to light . An inquiry was initiated that day . "  Officer Pappert was dismissed following the conclusion of the investigation , " City Administrator Jaysen Christensen said . "  Our focus at this point is to move past this , and turn the focus back to healing in ... Ferguson . " Glendale , like Ferguson , is a municipality in St. Louis County . The two suburbs are about 15 miles apart . A week ago , Glendale Police Chief Jeffrey Beaton suspended Pappert and cited what he called the "  inappropriate posts on his personal Facebook page , " according to the Webster-Kirkwood Times , an online news outlet in the area . Police in the area have come under fire for their heavy-handed response to the Ferguson protests following Brown 's death . An attorney for Pappert said his client was sorry for his online comments . "  Officer Pappert is deeply remorseful about what he posted on social media , " lawyer William Goldstein said . "  We ask for  the  same spirit of forgiveness and the opportunity for redemption . " Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests CNN 's Greg Botelho , Joe Sutton , AnneClaire Stapleton and Joshua Berlinger contributed to this report .	Two St. Louis-area cops resign or retire following questionable actions related to Ferguson protests Three officers have either been fired , resigned or retired because of their conduct , officials say One officer threatened and pointed rifle at protesters ; another retired after video rant about Supreme Court , Muslims Third officer was fired for making inappropriate Facebook posts
Zlitan , Libya  CNN  -- Firefighters battled a blaze caused by NATO airstrikes at a food-storage complex Monday in Zlitan , increasingly a front-line city in the conflict between Libyan government troops and rebels fighting to oust longtime ruler Moammar Gadhafi . The firefighters doused burning sacks of flour with water after bombs punctured the high roofs of three facilities packed with flour , rice and cooking oil in Zlitan , on the Libyan coast east of Tripoli . An unexploded bomb lay buried in the concrete floor of one of the buildings , beneath a hole in the ceiling where sunlight streamed through . Zlitan is about 40 kilometers  25 miles  west of the opposition-held port city of Misrata , and the front line between the rebels and pro-regime forces is somewhere in between the two cities . Smoke rising on the horizon and the rumble of artillery in the east suggested that by Monday , the fighting had moved closer to the city limits . "  It 's continuous bombing , morning day and night , " said Fathi Amar , who stood armed with a radio and camouflage uniform at the entrance to the burning storage center . No one was hurt in Monday 's attack , Amar said . But he said five guards had been killed in another bombing run that struck the agricultural police center next door on Saturday , leaving little more than a heap of rubble . And another attack two days ago demolished what he described as a military base several hundred yards up the road , killing at least two people , he said . Moments after a busload of international journalists arrived , a handful of Libyan men ran up before television cameras chanting the oft-repeated pro-regime slogan "  Allah , Moammar , Libya , nothing else ! " in Arabic . When Libyan government minders last brought CNN to Zlitan about a week and a half ago , it was to see a large pro-Gadhafi rally in the city 's main square . Crowds of Libyans waved green government flags , fired guns in the air , and fervently pledged their loyalty to their embattled leader . But the scene was dramatically different Monday , as fire trucks and ambulances regularly raced through the city 's largely deserted streets . Many shops appeared to be closed , and the ominous rumble of warplanes could be heard overhead periodically . The NATO alliance says it has been hitting targets it describes as tanks , "  military storage facilities " and artillery pieces in the vicinity of Zlitan on a daily basis for the past week . Officials from the embattled Gadhafi government also say the air strikes have intensified in frequency . "  People here call NATO the crazy one which lost its sanity , " said Ramadan Mohamad Ramadan , an official from the local city government . "  It is waging wide-scale war on the people . They are destroying everything . " Ramadan was standing in front of the rubble of a health clinic that he said had been demolished by a pre-dawn attack on Monday . Several bulldozers dug through wreckage strewn with medical supplies , including syringes , medication and even a microscope . Government officials said they were looking for the bodies of three people believed to be buried underneath , and said the bodies of eight people had been pulled out earlier in the day . Journalists did not see any evidence of dead or wounded at the site . Barely 100 yards away , however , drivers had parked a number of pick-up trucks under the cover of olive trees . Some of the vehicles were smeared with mud and the equipment in their chassis covered with branches -- an apparent camouflage tactic seen used by both loyalist and rebel fighters around Libya . Uniformed troops could also be seen resting in the shade of the orchard . Responding to the Libyan government 's claims to journalists that a health clinic and food-storage facility had been hit , NATO had found no evidence to support the allegations , a NATO representative said . NATO forces had hit a number of targets near Zlitan that were "  military in nature " Monday , the representative said . "  These targets were a command and control node and a vehicle storage facility that contained military vehicles . "  This is not the first time that such allegations have been made and as is the case with all NATO strikes a thorough damage assessment is conducted afterwards . As always great care is taken to minimize the risk of civilian casualties . "  We are always concerned by any reports of civilian casualties , take them seriously and the appropriate analysis will be conducted to ascertain the legitimacy , or otherwise , of these allegations . " In the afternoon , government minders brought journalists to the ruins of a mosque and school located in an all-but-deserted residential neighborhood several kilometers to the east of Zlitan 's city center . An air attack clearly destroyed the compound , but there were conflicting reports from government minders regarding which week the strike took place . As another small group of pro-regime supporters began chanting at the ruins of the school , the thud of big guns continued to rumble . One of the minders said NATO warships in the Mediterranean Sea were shelling loyalist positions , but it was impossible for CNN to confirm whether the fire was incoming or outgoing . Two vehicles loaded with women , children and belongings drove past the shattered buildings , heading west -- away from the fighting . Suddenly , the unmistakable cloud from an air strike mushroomed up several miles away to the east . A four-door sedan , caked with mud and carrying several men wearing camouflage and carrying Kalashnikov rifles , drove past , also headed away from the direction of the front lines as the cloud from a second apparent air strike billowed in the distance . "  Come on , let 's go , " the minders repeated . "  We have to go , they could bomb us here any time , " they said , some of them visibly nervous . Monday 's government tour of Zlitan was over , but the fighting there appeared to have barely begun . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO rejects claims it hit non-military targets near the coastal city of Zlitan Monday NATO airstrikes have pounded the city , about 40 km west of rebel-held Misrata , for a week "  It 's continuous bombing , morning day and night , " one resident says Government minders took reporters to Zlitan Monday to view the damage
CNN  -- For the first time in more than 60 years , America is without a Kennedy on the national stage and it 's more than just a sentimental loss to President Barack Obama . The coffin of Senator Edward Kennedy is carried by an honor guard . The last of the Kennedy brothers , Senator Edward Kennedy , died this week of brain cancer at age 77 . "  We should n't underplay the adverse effect this has on the president 's healthcare fight , " said Democratic strategist James Carville . Kennedy was the youngest of four brothers , the only one who died peacefully . John F. Kennedy , was elected to Congress in 1947 , then the White House in 1960 and assassinated in 1963 . Brother Robert was running for president when he assassinated in 1968 . Their eldest brother , Joe , was killed years earlier in World War II . There are too many surviving children and relatives to count . A few have been in public life , but none of them fully profits from the family 's nearly mythical place in the American imagination . Edward Kennedy diminished his own share of that inheritance . He had a well-known fondness for drink in his early years and in 1969 , he drove off a bridge with a young woman in the passenger seat . He swam to safety ; she drowned . Kennedy persevered and went on to a 47-year career as a prominent and productive member of the Senate . His early endorsement of Barack Obama helped Obama win the White House . After the victory , the new president needed his help for something more . For decades , Kennedy was an ardent advocate of reforming the U.S. healthcare system . Obama has made it the centerpiece of his administration . But support for the plan is slumping across the country and in Congress as well . The rules of the Senate normally require 60 votes to pass legislation without impediment from the opposition . Now the Democrats are down to 59 . "  The White House is worried about getting 60 votes , " said CNN analyst Gloria Borger . "  He was very important to healthcare reform in many respects , not least of which was his vote . " Already some Democrats are saying that his death could actually help win the reforms he wanted . They see him still as an ally in the effort , absent but inspiring . Can the Democrats fill the hole left by Edward Kennedy 's death ? Sound off below But the president needed his respected voice , his veteran 's skill at negotiating a deal and , of course his vote . Obama will miss him .	Edward Kennedy 's death marks end of a dynasty in American political life Kennedy was among first to endorse Barack Obama 's presidential campaign Kennedy was also key ally for Obama on his plans for healthcare reform Obama will miss his respected voice , negotiating skills in the Senate
CNN  -- Days after a deadly Metro-North train derailment in New York , a top federal transportation official said Tuesday that he has "  serious concerns " about safety on the railroad . In addition to Sunday 's derailment in the Bronx , which killed four people and injured dozens more , Federal Railroad Administration chief Joseph Szabo listed three other recent accidents involving Metro-North trains . "  The specific causes of each of these accidents may vary , but regardless of the reasons , four serious accidents in less than seven months is simply unacceptable , " he wrote in a letter to the head of New York 's transit authority . The letter also describes a May 17 train derailment and collision in Bridgeport , Connecticut ; the death of a Metro-North employee on May 28 in West Haven , Connecticut ; and a CSX freight train derailment in the Bronx on July 18 . More needs to be done immediately to improve safety , Szabo said . He directed New York 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority to immediately implement a so-called C3RS program , which allows railroad employees to report close calls "  to identify significant precursors to significant safety issues . " "  A C3RS is in place on other rail lines across the country ... and has proven effective in identifying safety issues and lowering injury and accident exposure , " he wrote . And that 's not all , he said . "  We have significant concerns about the current situation at Metro-North , and are actively considering other ways that FRA can use its federal oversight authority to provide additional safety enhancement of MTA operations , " he wrote . The MTA said it is fully cooperating with the investigation and is conducting a comprehensive look at the safety culture of the authority . "  The safety of the MTA 's customers and employees has always been , and will always continue to be , our top priority . We look forward to working with the Federal Railroad Administration and the U.S. Department of Transportation to improve safety , " MTA spokeswoman Marjorie Anders said . "  We have been moving forward on a confidential close call reporting system , and we look forward to working with the FRA to implement it . " Combined , the four accidents "  resulted in 5 deaths and approximately 129 injuries to Metro-North employees and customers , " Szabo said . The July freight train derailment , which damaged tracks and tipped over containers carrying tons of trash , occurred near the area in the Bronx where seven passenger cars derailed on Sunday , CNN affiliate WABC reported . The May collision between two Metro-North passenger trains in Bridgeport sent dozens of people to the hospital after a train heading from New Haven to New York City derailed during rush hour and smashed into a train heading in the opposite direction . Less than 10 days later , a train hit and killed a Metro-North employee who was doing maintenance work on tracks in the vicinity of the construction of a new station in West Haven , CNN affiliate WFSB reported . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	NEW : New York 's MTA says it 's cooperating with investigators The country 's top rail official says he has "  serious concerns " about Metro-North safety "  Four serious accidents in less than seven months is simply unacceptable , " he says He calls on the MTA to do more immediately to improve safety
CNN  -- While Li Na was battling to keep her French Open title defense alive on Saturday , the scene of last year 's triumph was being recreated in her native China . Such has been the impact of Asia 's first grand slam singles champion in her homeland that tennis chiefs are seeking to bring a bit of Roland Garros to Beijing . A clay court and two giant screens have been set up in one of the city 's major shopping malls for an interactive experience that will last until the tournament ends on June 10 . "  I 'm very pleased that a country like China follows our prestigious tournament , " French Tennis Federation president Jean Gachassin said in a statement . "  For us , it 's an extraordinary opportunity to promote clay-court tennis . I 'd like to heartily thank the Chinese Tennis Federation for welcoming us on their home soil for this fabulous event . " Courting a country with a population of 1.3 billion makes sense for any sport serious about global growth , and the exhibition has been backed by major sponsors such as Longines , Lacoste and Peugeot . Li has become a marketer 's dream in the past 12 months , securing lucrative endorsement deals which have made her the second highest-paid athlete in the world behind fellow tennis star Maria Sharapova . Her hopes of being around for next weekend 's women 's final remained alive after she came from behind to beat young American Christina McHale on Saturday . The 30-year-old rebounded from a first-set debacle in which she made 24 unforced errors to triumph 3-6 6-2 6-1 and earn a last-16 clash with Kazakh qualifier Yaroslava Shvedova . The world No. 7 had a surprisingly tough match against an opponent 10 years her junior and 29 places lower in the rankings , one who lost in the first round in Paris last year and in 2010 . "  Tennis is best of three sets , so even if I lose the first set , I still have a chance , " said Li , who is the only Chinese player left in the tournament after Peng Shuai lost to Sharapova on Saturday . "  In the first set I was just following what she was doing . I felt like she was the champion on the court . But I changed a little bit at the beginning of the second set to play my way , and I 'm happy I was able to do that today . " Li beat Francesca Schiavone in last year 's final , but the 2010 French Open champion will not feature in the second week of this tournament after suffering a 3-6 6-3 8-6 defeat by Uzbekistan-born American Varvara Lepchenko . The 63rd-ranked Lepchenko 's reward for beating the Italian is a daunting clash with fourth-seeded Czech Petra Kvitova , who battled to a 6-2 4-6 6-1 win against Russia 's world No. 109 Nina Bratchikova . Second-ranked Sharapova cruised into the fourth round as she crushed 28th seed Peng 6-2 6-1 to set up a clash with Czech Klara Zakopalova , who defeated Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova . The 25-year-old Sharapova was a semifinalist here last year and in 2007 , but the Russian may finally win the only grand slam title to elude her if she can keep up the form that has seen her drop just five games in three matches so far . However , fellow former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki must continue her agonizing wait for a first major title . The Dane , now ranked ninth , saved four match-points before losing 1-6 7-6  7-3  6-3 against Estonian 23rd seed Kaia Kanepi . Kanepi blew 5-1 leads in the last two sets , but held her nerve to earn a last-16 clash with 21-year-old Dutch player Arantxa Rus . Last year Rus beat former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters before losing in round three , and she has gone one step further after eliminating German 25th seed Julia Gorges 7-6  7-5  2-6 6-2 in a match that ended as darkness fell .	Defending champion Li Na reaches the fourth round of the French Open Fans in her native China can watch her progress at special exhibition in Beijing The 30-year-old has become one of the world 's highest-paid female athletes She is joined in the last 16 at Roland Garros by world No. 2 Maria Sharapova
CNN  -- It was n't a long walk to Lisa Cochran 's car in the Costco parking lot , but by the time she got there her infant son was near death . Cochran and her grandmother had just enjoyed a hot dog at the Salem , Oregon , wholesale outlet . She had 7-day-old Derrik out of his baby carrier as she ate and people at nearby tables asked about the infant 's age and expressed amazement that Cochran was already out and about after the pregnancy . She put Derrik back in his Infantino "  SlingRider " and headed out to the parking lot , but something was amiss when she reached the car , she said . "  He was not the right color . He was yellow . He had purple spots from where the sling rubbed marks on his face , " said Cochran , 27 . Cochran called 911 . Her fiancé , Jerrid Fowler , administered CPR . An ambulance arrived and paramedics also tried to revive the infant . "  By the time I got to the hospital , they told me they were n't able to save him , " she said . Cochran filed a lawsuit in January , asking for millions of dollars in damages and alleging that Infantino was negligent and liable for her son 's May 7 , 2009 , death . The death certificate cited compression asphyxia/suffocation as Derrik 's cause of death , Cochran said . Infantino issued a recall Wednesday of two baby slings , the "  SlingRider " and the "  Wendy Bellissimo , " offering customers replacement slings . The San Diego , California-based company said consumers should stop using the recalled slings immediately but did not take responsibility for any deaths . "  Our company is comprised of moms , dads , sisters , aunts , uncles and grandparents and we care deeply about the quality and safety of our products , " President Jack Vresics said in a statement . "  All of our products go through rigorous testing and we work closely with governmental agencies as well as other third-party testing organizations continually to ensure the safety of our products . " Earlier this month , the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission issued a warning about the use of certain baby slings , saying it had identified 14 deaths with sling-style carriers , most of them in children younger than 4 months . On Tuesday , Health Canada issued a joint statement with the agency , saying three of the deaths appeared to occur in one of Infantino 's slings . About 1 million of the slings were recalled in the United States , and about 15,000 were affected in Canada , according to the joint release . Around 14,000 of the slings have been recalled in Europe . "  In the first few months of life , babies can not control their heads because of weak neck muscles . The sling 's fabric can press against an infant 's nose and mouth , blocking the baby 's breathing and rapidly suffocating a baby within a minute or two , " the joint statement said . "  Additionally , where a sling keeps the infant in a curled position bending the chin toward the chest , the airways can be restricted , limiting the oxygen supply . The baby will not be able to cry for help and can slowly suffocate . " Attorneys for Infantino referred requests for comment to a public relations firm that answered questions and sent CNN the statement from the company 's president . The company is working with CPSC in its investigation , has alerted retailers and written letters to individual customers , spokeswoman Amy Colton said in an e-mail . The company has not filed any pleadings in the case except for a notice to remove the case from the Marion County Circuit Court in Oregon to the state 's U.S. District Court . Cochran is n't the only mother blaming Infantino 's "  SlingRider " for an infant 's death . Anthoinette Medley is planning to sue Infantino for the February 20 , 2009 , death of 3-month-old Nelsir , said her lawyer , Alan Feldman . Watch Medley discuss losing Nelsir His twin , Timir , was in an identical sling over Medley 's other shoulder as she walked through the Gallery at Market East in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . She saw an old friend who had n't seen her children yet , Feldman said , and Medley was eager to show them off . "  That 's when she discovered a tiny bit of blood on the baby 's bib and ran to the bathroom , " Feldman said . Nelsir was taken to Thomas Jefferson University Hospital and pronounced dead later , Feldman said . "  I will never get to hear him call me Mommy . I will never get to see him take a first step , " Anthoinette Medley told CNN affiliate WPVI . Feldman said he is not satisfied with Infantino 's recall . "  If you recognize that your product is not safe , and you realize that babies have died , you should stop babies and moms from using the product , " he said . Infantino 's president said the company 's announcement of a free replacement program reflects its commitment to safety as its highest priority . "  As a company , Infantino conducts extensive safety testing internally as well as with third-party experts , regardless of whether official safety standards have been established . We will continue to play a leadership role in the industry and to cooperate closely with CPSC as it continues its investigation of all baby slings , " Vresics said . Cochran said the sling came highly recommended , especially for breast-feeding mothers . A neighbor had one , she said , as did a friend 's cousin . She even carried Derrik to his first doctor 's visit in the sling . "  There were a lot of people who had this sling , and it seemed like a great thing , " she said . Cochran said she broke down after Derrik 's death . Simple chores became extremely taxing . She neglected going to the grocery store and bank . She had trouble getting out of bed , showering , even talking on the phone . "  I was kind of hysterical . I was kind of not quite with it for several months , actually . I neglected going to the grocery stores or anywhere I would commonly frequent , " she said . "  It was just hard to even be in a situation like this because the first thing everyone asks is , ` How 's the baby ? ' " Cochran , a manager for a housecleaning service in Keizer , lost Derrik 's twin in the first trimester of her pregnancy , she said . She is pregnant again with a girl who is due in June . "  I 'm doing a lot better , especially now that I have another one on the way , " she said . "  Hopefully , there wo n't be any more babies that die and any more families that have to go through what me and my family have gone through . " CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	Two mothers blame Infantino "  SlingRider " for their infants ' deaths in 2009 Infantino issued a recall Wednesday of two baby slings , offering replacement slings Recall includes more than 1 million slings sold in U.S. , Canada , Europe U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission says it identified 14 deaths with sling-style carriers
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A bitter legal dispute between Michael Jackson 's estate and a business partner of the late pop icon 's mother was settled Tuesday , just before a trial on the matter was to begin , lawyers said . In the end , the lawyer for Katherine Jackson , who was not a party to the lawsuit , mediated the agreement , which gives the estate $ 2.5 million from the several companies involved . A federal judge had already ruled that Howard Mann and several associated companies violated Jackson 's copyrights , which are controlled by his estate executors , and the only question for a jury was how much should be paid in damages . "  In light of the court 's rulings for the estate on summary judgment , this settlement seems appropriate for all concerned , " estate lawyers Howard Weitzman and Zia Modabber said in a statement to CNN on Tuesday . Mann 's company published Katherine Jackson 's 150-page coffee table book "  Never Can Say Goodbye , The Katherine Jackson Story " two years ago and established a website -- MichaelJacksonSecretVault.com -- that the estate argued illegally used Jackson 's images and lyrics . "  This was a long , complex and difficult litigation that in the end will likely be equitable for Mrs. Jackson and the other parties involved , " Mann said . "  This settlement would not have been possible without Perry Sanders  Katherine Jackson 's lawyer  , who worked to bridge quite a distance . " "  I really really appreciated the reasonableness of all parties involved , and everyone is served well by getting this wrapped up , " said Sanders , who helped mediate the settlement this week . The resolution of the dispute represents a new twist in the contentious relationship between the executors who control Michael Jackson 's estate and the members of the Jackson family and some of their business associates . E-mails show promoter 's doubts before Michael Jackson 's death Mann 's involvement with the Jacksons began when he partnered with Henry Vaccaro , who bought a large amount of Jackson memorabilia purchased at an auction after Katherine and Joe Jackson 's 1999 bankruptcy . A lien will be placed on those photos and other assets until a portion of the settlement is paid , a lawyer said . Katherine Jackson was not a defendant , but her name and those of her husband , Joe Jackson , and children Janet , Randy , Tito and Jermaine Jackson were on the defense witness list . The estate accused Mann of "  wholesale misappropriation " of Michael Jackson copyrights and acting with "  arrogant disregard " for the estate 's rights by using unauthorized images While the estate claimed the book sold about 25,000 copies for $ 1.5 million in the first two days , Mann 's lawyers contended "  actual sales are very minimal and the defendant 's businesses have suffered a major net loss . " The copyright violations also included screen shots from the "  This Is It " documentary about the singer 's last days and other "  misappropriated " images , including Jackson 's "  Smooth Criminal Lean , " which Mann 's company used in its corporate logo . Mann 's website , which the judge already ordered to be taken offline , "  does absolutely everything in its power to suggest to its visitors that it is the hub for all things Michael Jackson , and that it is sanctioned and supported by the estate , when in fact it is neither , " the estate argued .	Companies involved agree to pay the estate $ 2.5 million for copyright violations "  This settlement seems appropriate for all concerned , " Jackson 's estate says Jackson estate accused Howard Mann of "  wholesale misappropriation " of copyrights Mann 's company published Katherine Jackson 's book "  Never Can Say Goodbye "
Srinigar , Indian-administered Kashmir  CNN  -- Indian authorities flooded the streets of Srinagar with security forces Thursday to quell four days of violence sparked by the death of a schoolboy . Authorities were attempting to disperse anti-India protesters Sunday when a tear gas shell hit the 13-year-old boy , Whamiq Farooq Wani , in the head and killed him as he played cricket in a stadium , protesters say . While a formal curfew has not been declared , security forces have been keeping people off the streets . Police said having security forces deployed has kept down violence over the last four days . A senior police officer said more than 100 people , including members of the Indian security forces , were wounded in the violent clashes between the Muslim protesters and security forces -- who used tear gas and baton charges to disperse the mobs . Two young protesters were hit by tear gas and smoke shells in Wednesday 's violence in the old city , and hospital sources said their conditions are serious . Clashes and incidents of stone-throwing by anti-India protesters continued to be reported from various points in Kashmir Thursday . Srinagar , the capital city , remained shut along with other towns in protest of the teenaged boy 's death . Shops , businesses and government offices were closed . Indian police and paramilitary troops , as well as the Central Reserve Police Force  CRPF  , erected barricades at road intersections in Srinagar 's old city to cut off pedestrian and vehicular traffic , witnesses said . "  The people were not allowed to go out of their homes to buy milk and other essential items this morning . The security forces are enforcing tight restrictions in our area , " said resident Ayub Zargarc reached by telephone . The security restrictions were not as stringent outside the old city , where some vehicular and pedestrian movement was seen on the streets patrolled by the Indian police . "  Barring a few stone-pelting incidents , the overall situation in Kashmir remained peaceful today , " Farooq Ahmad , inspector general of police in the Kashmir zone , told CNN . Authorities arrested two senior leaders of the pro-dialogue moderate separatist conglomerate All Parties Hurriyat Conference  APHC  and placed its chairman , Mirwaiz Moulvi Umar Farooq , under house arrest today , according to police . Authorities said they were arrested to prevent them from fomenting trouble in the city .	Indian security forces in Srinagar to quell violence sparked by death of schoolboy Authorities trying to disperse anti-India protesters when tear gas shell hit 13-year-old Police say 100 people wounded in clashes between Muslim protesters and security forces
CNN  -- Few people can forget the moment quake victim Anna Zizi , 69 , was dragged from the rubble , singing at the top of her voice , her face caked in dirt and debris . Amidst the heartache and anguish brought by the devastating earthquake , music has proved a source of comfort for Haitians at home and abroad . Those living in France , in particular , say the sounds of kompa help bring their hearts closer to home and soothe their souls . "  For Haitian people , kompa music is like a cure . It helps us to forget stress and the bad times in life , " said Original H , a popular Haitian kompa group in Paris , in a statement emailed to CNN . "  Even in the saddest moments Haitian people always sing . Haitian people always laugh . Their hearts hurt , but they really want to continue to live , " said Michel Marchand , presenter of "  Kompa Boulevard , " a program on France-based Radio Espace FM . Kompa musician Mikael Guirand of the celebrated band Carimi felt the power of his music first-hand . Guirand was in a meeting in the Digicel tower in Port-au-Prince , the country 's tallest building , when the quake struck . He made it out unharmed , but his family 's home and his father 's business were both destroyed . Despite the overwhelming despair that followed , Guirand told CNN that devastated fans threw their arms around him in the streets , overjoyed to see musicians like him had survived . "  To have people with no home crying to see that we made it alive is insane , " Guirand said . "  That shows how highly they value the music ... it gives them hope . " In France , kompa musicians are now rallying for their homeland and performing in charity concerts . "  Since the tragedy we 've participated in several events and projects to raise funds including ' A Gesture for Haiti ' , " said Original H . That event brought together leading French artists , including renowned singer Charles Aznavour , to produce a special song and music video . "  We have all family and friends in Haiti , and most of us have lost someone . It is an unforgettable disaster and sometimes we feel helpless for our nation , " Original H told CNN . Radio Espace and KompaParis.com , a Web site dedicated to kompa , are now helping lead the way organizing and promoting several festivals in France . In the days after the earthquake both groups also used their sites and broadcasts to help Haitians in France find family back home . The popularity of kompa music in France bodes well for the success of these upcoming events . Radio host Marchand thinks one of the key reasons is because of kompa 's exuberant , live performances . "  Kompa is very popular in France , " he said . "  It 's because Haitian people play live music , not just in a studio , or to sell it on a shelf . " Kompa music is considered an integral part of Haitian culture , first emerging on the Caribbean island about 60 years ago , distinguishing itself from the Dominican Republic 's brand of merengue , both in spelling and in style . The Haitian meringue is nearly identical to the Dominican merengue but it is a slower tempo and is usually performed in a minor key . Fans describe it as a jazz derivative with pulsing beats , twisting rhythms and soulful Creole singing . "  Kompa is a genre of Haitian music invented by saxophonist Jean-Baptiste Nemours , derived from the meringue and close to calypso , " explained Vanessa Francklin of KompaParis.com . "  Kompa wants to be open , warm and festive . -LSB- It has -RSB- bold brass , heavy bass , very inspired guitars , keyboards and percussion sounds with fire , " she continued . "  The music is honest , vibrant , and has things to say . This is the music of a people that has long suffered and still suffers , " she finished . As Kompa 's profile grows worldwide , many of its musicians are hoping it will not only now help raise funds , but cast Haiti in a more positive light . Bands are also writing special songs dedicated to disaster relief , including Tabou Combo , one of the more famous kompa bands in Haiti , their new song is called "  Haiti Will Never Die . " "  A lot of people are getting to know who we are as Haitians through our music , " added Guirand . "  We are not only miserable as you see on TV . Our music shows we are rich in culture . " Stephanie Busari contributed to this article	In France , Haitians turn to the sounds of kompa for comfort Kompa musicians are organizing performances to raise funds for victims Kompa is an energetic jazz-derivative , accompanied by Creole singing
CNN  -- Two Las Vegas police officers were were shot and killed along with a civilian bystander late Sunday morning by a gun-toting duo declaring "  revolution , " authorities say . Las Vegas Metropolitan Police spokeswoman Laura Meltzer says the attackers -- one male and one female -- opened fire inside of a CiCi 's Pizza location at 11:30 a.m , killing the officers as they ate lunch , she said . Clark County Sheriff Douglas Gillespie identified the slain officers as 41-year-old Alyn Beck and 31-year-old Igor Soldo . Beck , a 13-year LVMPD veteran , leaves behind a wife and three children . Soldo , who also leaves behind a wife and baby , joined the force in 2006 . The names of the suspects have not been released , and a motive is not known , but witnesses told police that the shooters said "  this is a revolution . " After killing the officers , Meltzer said the pair then went across the street and into a Walmart , where they killed a female at the store 's entrance . Her name has not yet been released . As police converged on Walmart , Gillespie says the female suspect shot the male suspect before turning the gun on herself . The city 's public figures were quick to condemn the violence . "  This was a senseless and cruel act killing three innocent people , two who dedicated their lives to protecting all of us in our community and one who was innocently going about her daily life " said Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman . "  I am devastated by the news today of two officers and an innocent bystander who were murdered in an act of senseless violence , " added Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval . My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families . " Both Walmart and CiCi 's issued statements expressing condolences . "  We express our deepest condolences to everyone who have been affected by this senseless act of violence , " said Walmart spokesperson Brooke Buchanan . "  We are deeply saddened by this tragic event and our hearts go out to the families and friends of the officers , " said Geoff Goodman of CiCi 's . CNN 's Matt Stucker and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Two gunmen kill two police officers , another person and themselves , police say The two officers were attacked while they ate lunch , police say Another person was killed in front of a Walmart entrance Witnesses told police that the shooters said : "  This is a revolution . "
A gang wielding knives and axes attacked civilians , a police station , government offices and smashed vehicles in a restive region of China , the country 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported Tuesday , citing local police . The incident -- called an "  organized and premeditated " terror attack -- occurred Monday in northwestern China 's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region . Police officers at the scene shot dead dozens of people in the mob . Thirty-one cars were vandalized , including six that were set ablaze . It was not immediately known how many people were killed and injured . The location , Shache County , is where nine people authorities describe as terrorists attacked a police station , hurled explosives and torched police cars in December . Police shot and killed eight people in that attack . There have been other attacks in the region in recent months . Twenty-nine people were killed and 130 injured when men armed with long knives stormed a train station in Kunming in March . The next month , an attack on a train station in Urumqi , Xinjiang 's capital , left three dead , including the attackers , and an attack on an Urumqi market in May killed at least 39 people . There have been longstanding tensions between Uyghur Muslims , a Turkic people , and Chinese Han people in Xinjiang . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward China 's Han majority in recent years over what they say is harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion 's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang . Amnesty International said Uyghurs face widespread discrimination , including in employment , housing and educational opportunities , as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization . China announces probe into former domestic security czar	The strike is being called an "  organized and premeditated " terror attack Police officers at the scene in northwestern China shot dead dozens of people in the mob There are longstanding tensions between Han Chinese and Uyghurs , a Turkic Muslim people
When Alexis Tsipras charged onto the stage , palms clasped high and a broad grin greeting his supporters , he could have been mistaken for the election winner . In fact Tsipras , leader of the Syriza party , had conceded defeat to New Democracy just half an hour earlier . His radical left party will not support the center-right election winner , but remain in opposition . The outcome sent a shudder of relief through the markets and Europe , whose leaders applauded New Democracy 's win as a showing of courage and resilience from the Greek people . But Sunday 's result -- delivering nearly 27 % support for Syriza -- has upended the Greek political landscape , splintering the duopoly which has controlled the country for almost four decades . As negotiations over a new government continue , questions are being raised around which party -- or parties -- will emerge as the country 's dominant center-left force . Pasok , under the Papandreou dynasty , has long staked that claim . But now , with its vote collapsed to just over 12 % from almost 44 % in 2009 , it faces a fight for survival . For many Syriza supporters , Sunday 's results were a triumph . Beyond its six-fold increase in support in three years , the party is now set up to be an active agitator on the opposition benches . Read about the human cost of Greece 's recession And Syriza does not have to run a country in deep recession , with unemployment over 20 % and that faces a real risk of toppling out of the euro -- a challenge for the most experienced political hands . Sunday 's results were an "  enormous success , " said Eliana Voutsadakis , a 36-year old architect and Syriza supporter . "  I think Tsipras will become prime minister in the next couple of years . " Tsipras is 37 , born the year Greece 's military dictatorship fell , and as such represents a political future unfettered by history , according to Voutsadakis . "  He has n't been brought up in this corrupt political system , " she said . "  This is what we hope for . " As for New Democracy and Pasok : "  No one wants them . " Instead Tsipras , who had sworn to tear up the austerity plans because he believed it was sending the country to "  hell , " will likely be a strident voice against the country 's leaders . He has said the party , from its position as opposition , will continue to demand the bailouts be scrapped and believes it will be "  vindicated " for that position . "  Even if it did n't manage to take the first place , Syriza is now the most basic body representing the average individual , the progressive and the anti-memorandum -LSB- anti-bailout -RSB- portion of our population , " Tsipras said . Greece 's economic orphans According to Pavlos Tsimas , a Greek journalist and political commentator , Syriza has corralled not only those angry at austerity , but the youth who may be voting for the first time . That age group remembers Syriza 's backing of their protests during the riots of 2008 , which followed the fatal shooting of a teenage boy by police , Tsimas said . But much of the party 's recent success is down to Tsipras , who Tsimas describes as "  very bright , and very ambitious , and a little bit ruthless too . " A trained civil engineer , who joined the Communist Youth of Greece as a high school student , Tsipras shot to prominence in 2006 . After being put forward as a candidate for the mayor of Athens , he swept 10 % of the vote to come third -- far more than previous left-wing candidates had managed . At that point , he became a "  media darling , " Tsimas said . He has since built a young guard around him , who are of "  another generation ... new , fresh and different , " Tsimas added . Syriza can now try to establish themselves as a "  true , center-left " party which is "  young , radical and clean ... with no skeletons , " Tsimas said . But it could face competition from a Pasok and Democratic Left coalition , should they choose to work together . Tsipras faces an entrenched political system and a Europe desperate to dampen instability as it continues with its austerity plan -- even one which may be diluted . Former prime minister George Papandreou , who negotiated the country 's first bailout after revealing the country 's 2009 budget deficit would be most than four times higher than the EU limit , told CNN Monday he believed Pasok 's moves to cut the deficit had enjoyed wide support . "  I do n't consider Mr. Tsipras a progressive , " the former Pasok leader said . "  I think our agenda was actually a progressive agenda , in reforming the country and changing the country and making the necessary changes in order to be a viable economy and a very transparent and just state , " he said . Papandreou said lessons could be learnt , such as pushing stimulus packages alongside austerity . But a key destabilizing factor , he said , is "  the deep sense of uncertainty . For the last two ... two and a half years , what -LSB- has been -RSB- most corrosive in the Greek society but also in the Greek economy is the sense of this lack of certainty ... that we may be in , or out of the euro . "	Syriza increases its support six-fold in Greek elections It has said it will not support New Democracy in government Its dramatic rise in support comes at the cost of Pasok The shift could signal a battle for the center left
CNN  -- U.S. military leaders are "  angry " and "  ashamed " over sexual assaults plaguing the armed forces , President Barack Obama said Thursday after ordering top Pentagon officials to "  leave no stone unturned " in the effort to stop the abuse . The president 's comments came the same day legislation was introduced in Congress to ease the victims ' quest for justice , a move that followed news this month of two high-profile cases involving sexual assault in the military -- allegedly by the very service members tasked with preventing such crimes . Obama summoned Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Army Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . He told the two that it was imperative they find a solution to the abuse that is undermining trust in the military . "  Not only is it a crime . Not only is it shameful and disgraceful . But it is also going to make our military less effective than it can be , " Obama told reporters after the meeting . "  As such , it is dangerous to our national security . So this is not a sideshow . ... This goes to the heart and core of who we are and how effective we 're going to be . " During the meeting , Obama heard from Hagel , Dempsey and other Pentagon leaders : "  They care about this . They 're angry about it . I heard directly from all of them that they 're ashamed by some of what 's happened . " Survey shows troubling trend in military sexual assault The military has been hit hard over the issue of sexual assault among its ranks , with the Defense Department this month releasing results of a survey that found there were an estimated 26,000 cases of unwanted sexual contact , which ranged from rape to groping , among troops in 2012 . The findings were a 35 % jump from the estimated 19,300 cases in the 2010 report , the Defense Department said . The alarming figures were released as two cases under investigation brought the problem to front and center in media reports . An Army sergeant first class assigned to the sexual assault prevention unit at Fort Hood , Texas , is being investigated for alleged sexual assault , pandering , abusive sexual contact and maltreatment of subordinates . The military has not identified the soldier , but said he has been relieved of duty while investigators look in to the allegations . After officer charged , military officials face tough questioning In early May , an Air Force officer who worked with an assault prevention unit was charged with sexual battery and removed from duty . He is accused of grabbing a woman and groping her buttocks and breasts in an Arlington County parking lot not far from his Washington office . On Thursday , the head of the sexual harassment prevention unit for the 101st Airborne Division at Fort Campbell , Kentucky , was relieved of duty after he was arrested in a domestic dispute . "  This is a domestic matter between a man and wife , " said Army spokesman George Wright . Lt. Col. Darin Haas turned himself in to Clarksville , Tennessee , police on allegations of violating an order of protection and stalking , police spokesman Charles Gill said . Hagel has said he 's disgusted over the most recent allegations and has called for a re-evaluation of how service members are chosen to work in sexual assault prevention units . He 's ordered that everyone who currently works in those units be retrained and rescreened , and that they have to earn their credentials again . What are the sexual assault prevention units ? The president 's order came as Democratic Sen. Kirsten E. Gillibrand of New York introduced legislation Thursday that would remove what is known as chain of command from a process that victims have to go through to get their claims heard . Gillibrand wants to give military prosecutors the power to decide whether cases are investigated . The current system of reporting often works like this : When someone wants to report that they 've been violated , that person typically goes to commanders who decide whether the claim is legitimate and can be passed along for further investigation . The system , the senator asserts , opens the victim up to retaliation . Gillibrand and others feel that a commander can not be an impartial figure and may be inclined to protect not just the victim but the perpetrator who is also his or her subordinate . "  When we just talk  to victims  informally , they tell us they do n't report because they are afraid of retaliation , being marginalized , having their careers end or being blamed , " she said on CNN 's The Lead with Jake Tapper . "  And so what we have to do is create a different dynamic so they feel more comfortable reporting . " The military defines unwanted sexual contact as sexual crimes prohibited by military law , from rape to abusive sexual contact . Of those estimated 26,000 cases in the Pentagon survey , only 3,374 came forward to report an alleged sexual crime in 2012 . While that disparity is clear ; the lower number still marks a 6 % increase in the report of alleged sexual crimes compared with 2011 , the report showed . At a Thursday press conference , survivors of sexual assault spoke about the hell they 've been through and how difficult it was to have their cases investigated . Retired Air Force Technical Sgt. Jennifer Norris said she thought it was a better option to "  suck it up " than to report being assaulted . "  I did not want to be stigmatized for reporting my assaults as I tried to move forward in my career , " she said . "  Instead the best option for me was to try and endure it , to suck it up , and try and make it till I could get transferred somewhere else only to have it happen over and over again like a recurring nightmare . " Norris began to weep . Former Navy Petty Officer Third Class Brian Lewis was stationed in Guam when he was raped , he told reporters . "  After the rape , I was told by my command not to file a formal report with the Naval Criminal Investigative Service , " he said . "  When I was reassigned to seek medical help , my psychiatrist told me that I was lying about my rape and diagnosed me with a personality disorder . " Lewis was discharged in August 2001 . "  I have been fighting to correct my record ever since , " he said . CNN Radio : Listening to two victims CNN 's Barbara Starr , Jake Tapper , Mayra Cuevas and Stephanie Googans contributed to this report .	President Barack Obama summons the nation 's top defense officials Obama orders Pentagon to leave " no stone unturned ' in effort to quash assaults Two cases in May allege service members who worked in prevention committed abuse U.S. senators offer legislation they say will help victims of military sexual assault
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Monday called the death of Neda Agha-Soltan "  suspicious " and urged the country 's authorities to identify those responsible for it , Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency reported Monday . Neda Agha-Soltan has come to symbolize Iranian resistance to official election results . The 26-year-old 's death has come to symbolize Iranian resistance to the government 's official election results since it was captured on amateur video . Within hours of its being posted online June 20 , she had become the iconic victim of the Iranian government crackdown . But Iran has been pushing back against eyewitness reports that she was shot by pro-government Basij militiamen perched on a rooftop near a demonstration . Ahmadinejad told the head of Iran 's judiciary , Ayatollah Hashemi Shahroudi , to probe the incident and make the results of his investigations public , Fars reported Monday , nine days after Agha-Soltan was killed . See gallery of Neda and the effect of her life " "  The massive propaganda of the foreign media , as well as other evidence , proves the interference of the enemies of the Iranian nation who want to take political advantage and darken the pure face of the Islamic republic , " he said in a letter to Shahroudi , according to the news agency . The letter comes a day after Iran 's government-backed Press TV said Agha-Soltan did not die the way the opposition claims . Two people told Press TV there were no security forces in the area when she was killed . iReport.com : Iranians share view from the streets And the network said the type of bullet that killed her is not used by Iranian security forces . A man who told the network that he had helped take her to a hospital said , "  There were no security forces or any member of the Basij " paramilitary present when she was killed . Press TV did not name the man , who spoke Farsi and was subtitled in English on the broadcast . CNN has not identified him and can not confirm his account . "  I did n't see who shot who , " he said . "  The whole scene looked suspicious to me . " A second man , whom Press TV identified as Agha-Soltan 's music teacher , told the station there were "  no security forces in this street " when he was with her during the shooting . Press TV did not name the man , who had a gray mustache and ponytail . He also spoke Farsi and was subtitled in English as he walked and pointed at what Press TV said was the scene of the shooting in central Tehran . Agha-Soltan was with a family friend who is a music teacher when she was killed . He appears to be the man who spoke to Press TV . "  There was no sign of a protest , " he said . "  We crossed the street to the other side to get a cab . ... When we reached this spot , a gunshot was heard . There was no shooting here . ... There were no security forces in this street . There were around 20 , 30 people in this street . One shot was heard , and that bullet hit Neda . " "  The bullet was apparently fired from a small-caliber pistol that 's not used by Iranian security forces , " the Press TV anchor said . Iran has strict gun-control laws that bar private citizens from carrying firearms . U.S. President Barack Obama said Tuesday that he had seen the video of Agha-Soltan 's death and called it "  heartbreaking . " "  And I think anyone who sees it knows there 's something fundamentally unjust about it , " he said . The shaky video of her death -- probably made on a cell phone -- shows her walking with a man near an anti-government demonstration . After being stuck in traffic for more than an hour inside a subcompact car with a poorly working air conditioner , Agha-Soltan and the friend decided to get out of the car for some fresh air , a friend of Agha-Soltan 's told CNN after her death . The two were near where protesters were chanting in opposition to Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Agha-Soltan , wearing a baseball cap over a black scarf , a black shirt , blue jeans and tennis shoes , did not appear to be chanting and seemed to be observing the demonstration . Suddenly , Agha-Soltan was on the ground -- felled by a gunshot wound to the chest . Several men knelt by her side and put pressure on her chest in an attempt to stop the bleeding . "  She has been shot ! Someone , come and take her ! " shouted one man . By then , Agha-Soltan 's eyes had rolled to her right ; her body was limp . Blood streamed from her mouth , then from her nose . For a second , her face was hidden from view as the camera went behind one of the men . When Agha-Soltan 's face came back into view , it was covered with blood . Iran 's ambassador to Mexico -- one of few Iranian officials who has spoken to CNN since the disputed June 12 presidential election -- suggested that U.S. intelligence services could be responsible for her death . "  This death of Neda is very suspicious , " Ambassador Mohammad Hassan Ghadiri said . "  My question is , how is it that this Miss Neda is shot from behind , got shot in front of several cameras , and is shot in an area where no significant demonstration was behind held ? "  Well , if the CIA wants to kill some people and attribute that to the government elements , then choosing women is an appropriate choice , because the death of a woman draws more sympathy , " Ghadiri said . CIA spokesman George Little responded , "  Any suggestion that the CIA was responsible for the death of this young woman is wrong , absurd and offensive . "	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad call 's Neda 's death "  suspicious " President urges country 's authorities to identify those responsible for it Death has come to symbolize Iranian resistance to official election results
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama challenged Congress to join him in taking on "  our generation 's task " to ignite the growth of a "  rising , thriving middle class , " using the first State of the Union address of his second term to prod Republicans to compromise on the major challenges facing the nation . "  It is our unfinished task to restore the basic bargain that built this country -- the idea that if you work hard and meet your responsibilities , you can get ahead , no matter where you come from , what you look like , or who you love , " Obama said Tuesday night , sounding familiar themes from his re-election campaign last year . The president emphasized economic growth and job creation , and insisted that his proposals would not increase the nation 's deficit , though the White House offered no price tag on his initiatives . He also made an emotional plea for Congress to hold votes on controversial proposals for tougher gun laws after the Newtown , Connecticut , shootings in December that killed 20 schoolchildren . At the same time , Obama called for legislators to work together for the good of the nation , saying Americans "  expect us to put the nation 's interests before party . " "  They do expect us to forge reasonable compromise where we can , " he said . "  For they know that America moves forward only when we do so together , and that the responsibility of improving this union remains the task of us all . " 5 things we learned It was his fourth State of the Union address and seventh speech to a joint sitting of Congress , and analysts considered it a crucial moment for setting the tone for the political dialogue after four years of partisan division and congressional dysfunction . In the Republican response , Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida signaled little acceptance of what Obama proposed , repeating longstanding GOP criticism of what he described as job-killing , growth-snuffing bigger government . "  Presidents in both parties -- from John F. Kennedy to Ronald Reagan -- have known that our free enterprise economy is the source of our middle-class prosperity , " said Rubio , a tea party favorite considered the a rising star in the Republican Party . "  But President Obama ? He believes it 's the cause of our problems . " According to Rubio , the president 's solution "  to virtually every problem we face is for Washington to tax more , borrow more and spend more . " CNN Fact Check : Rubio says Obamacare needs a check up With both sides sticking to deeply entrenched positions , the night of competing messages signaled continued partisan division and political showdowns in Washington over the federal budget and further steps to reduce the deficit and national debt . "  In many ways , what we heard tonight is the same old , same old argument , " noted CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich told CNN that Rubio helped himself as a Republican leader , while Jennifer Granholm , the former Democratic governor of Michigan , accused the Florida senator of missing an opportunity to appeal to the political center because he overstated GOP talking points . To CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen , Rubio emerged as an attractive figure on the American political stage but was short on specifics . Opinion : Obama dares Congress to get the job done "  I do n't think they won the arguments tonight , " Gergen said of Republicans . The government faces deep spending cuts mandated by a previous agreement between Obama and Congress to raise the federal debt ceiling , and Obama renewed his call on Tuesday night for a comprehensive deficit-reduction plan that includes new tax revenue coupled with spending cuts . Taking aim at the bitter partisanship of his first term , Obama said "  let 's set party interests aside , and work to pass a budget that replaces reckless cuts with smart savings and wise investments in our future . " "  And let 's do it without the brinksmanship that stresses consumers and scares off investors , " he continued to applause , mainly from Democrats . "  The greatest nation on Earth can not keep conducting its business by drifting from one manufactured crisis to the next . We ca n't do it . Let 's agree , right here , right now , to keep the people 's government open , and pay our bills on time , and always uphold the full faith and credit of the United States of America . " In a jab at congressional Republicans who seek to shrink deficits and the size of government through deep spending cuts , saying "  deficit reduction alone is not an economic plan . " Rubio 's response blamed Obama for weakening U.S. stability and potential by continued deficit spending and failing to take on needed reforms to entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare . "  The real cause of our debt is that our government has been spending $ 1 trillion more than it takes in every year . That 's why we need a balanced budget amendment , " he said , accusing Obama of wanting to leave Medicare unchanged so that it goes bankrupt . Opinion : In 2013 , democracy talks back about State of the Union However , Obama called for "  modest " reforms to Medicare in his speech , repeating proposals already raised in previous deficit-reduction negotiations that Republicans consider insufficient . After arriving to loud cheers and prolonged applause on a night of political pomp and ceremony , Obama began the speech on a positive note , saying the nation was on sound footing to move forward . "  Together , we have cleared away the rubble of crisis , and can say with renewed confidence that the state of our union is stronger , " he said . The president continued his push for Congress to act on politically volatile issues such as immigration reform . Other measures in the speech included a paycheck fairness act intended to make it easier for women to fight salary discrimination without losing their jobs , and new proposals to develop alternative energy hubs in the country , and help people refinance their mortgages at today 's lower interest rates . Headlines of the day also influenced the speech . CNN Fact Check : Illegal border crossings at lowest levels in 40 years Obama mentioned North Korea 's latest underground nuclear test , which the State Department labeled "  provocative " and "  extremely regrettable . " With victims of gun violence in the audience at the Capitol , including former U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , Obama continued his push for tighter gun laws opposed by the influential National Rifle Association and legislators from both parties . He mentioned 15-year-old Hadiya Pendleton , the Chicago girl killed by gun violence after returning home from taking part in inauguration activities in Washington , saying she was shot a mile from his home in the city . The girl 's parents were guests of first lady Michelle Obama at the address . Also attending was former rock star Ted Nugent , a vocal critic of Obama and any efforts to strengthen gun controls in America . Obama cited the major provisions of his package of gun proposals , including background checks on all gun sales , a ban on semi-automatic weapons that mimic military weapons , and limiting ammunition magazines to 10 rounds . Listing gun violence victims -- Hadiya 's parents , Giffords , the families of the Newtown schoolchildren and others killed in mass shootings , Obama said "  they deserve a vote " as the audience cheered loudly . In his response , Rubio sounded the NRA line that "  unconstitutionally undermining the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans is not the way to " reduce gun violence in the country . On foreign policy , Obama announced that this time next year , another 34,000 U.S. troops will have returned home from Afghanistan . The move will reduce by more than half the current force level of 66,000 troops in Afghanistan . Obama and NATO previously announced that Afghan forces will take the lead in combat missions this year . By the end of 2014 , the planned official end of the combat mission , the White House is considering a range of troop levels for Afghanistan , from as many as 15,000 down to zero . One thing Obama did n't mention Tuesday night was new regulations on carbon emissions for existing power plants a senior administration official said . Environmentalists hoped the president 's pledge in his recent inaugural address for increased steps in response to climate change would include expanding tougher standards in place for new power plants to those already in existence . CNN Fact Check : Wind energy breezes into the record books At the same time , the president promised executive action on climate change if Congress fails to address what he called a litany of evidence that the nation and the world face increasing impacts such as more frequent and powerful storms , wildfires and drought . One new measure from the president will be an executive order signed Tuesday to address the country 's most basic cybersecurity needs . The order will make it easier for private companies in control of our nation 's critical infrastructure to share information about cyber attacks with the government . In return , the Department of Homeland Security will share "  sanitized " classified information with companies about attacks believed to be occurring or that are about to take place . Congress has failed so far to pass any of the dozens of cybersecurity bills aimed at meaningfully securing critical infrastructure from an online criminals . CNN Fact Check : Obama on fuel economy -- your mileage may vary Rubio is a tea party favorite being promoted as the new face of the Republican Party due to his Hispanic heritage and strong communications skills . Obama won overwhelming support from the Latino vote in defeating GOP challenger Mitt Romney in the November election . Rubio is leading an effort by some Republicans to shift party policy on immigration reform by accepting the concept backed by Obama and Democrats that the nation 's estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants should have a path to legal status . However , he neglected to mention specifics of an immigration reform plan in his response Tuesday night . When Obama raised the immigration issue in his speech , a bipartisan group of senators , including Republican John McCain of Arizona and Democrat Chuck Schumer of New York , stood and applauded together to signal bipartisan support for moving forward . In addition to Rubio , Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky offered a second Republican response that reflected the concerns of tea party conservatives who support him . Paul criticized Obama and Congress for failing to seriously address the federal deficit and national debt . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Kevin Liptak , Rachel Streitfeld , Ashley Killough and Mark Preston contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Marco Rubio reiterates his party 's criticism of Obama in the GOP response NEW : Analysts say both sides are pushing old arguments , signaling further division President Obama says of gun violence victims : "  They deserve a vote " on tougher laws Obama says after the clearing the "  rubble of crisis , " the state of the union is stronger
CNN  -- The mysterious burst of light in the sky and loud booms witnessed Sunday night by residents along the Mid-Atlantic coastline was likely caused by a Russian rocket booster re-entering the atmosphere , said an official at the U.S. Naval Observatory . A mysterious flash in the sky Sunday night may have been debris from the Soyuz spacecraft 's booster . The exact cause of the flash that caused hundreds of people to call the media , local authorities and the National Weather Service was still unknown Monday afternoon . But eyewitness accounts of the color , shape and timing of the light and sound had officials at the Naval Observatory confident of the phenomenon 's cause : the re-entry of orbiting space junk from the Russian Soyuz spacecraft that blasted off last week from Kazakhstan . "  An object like this will have a pretty spectacular display when it enters the atmosphere , " said U.S. Naval Observatory spokesman Geoff Chester . Monday morning after the incident , Chester said he traced the rocket booster 's path and found it was hovering over Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , around the time people reported seeing the light . iReport.com : Did you see the mysterious flash ? Sunday 's mysterious flash and booms also could have been a fireball , a natural phenomenon that occurs when a rock about the size of a suitcase slams into the earth . Naval Observatory officials say that scenario is unlikely in this case , since the space junk was already orbiting in the area . Chester said the yellow , orange and iridescent green flashes reported by witnesses resemble both fireballs and burning space junk . "  The visual reports are consistent with either case , " he said . "  But the fact that a Russian rocket booster was passing through that area of the sky at the same time , it 's a pretty strong factor in my opinion to make that the culprit . " The timing of the light and sounds also indicates it was likely space debris . Chester said it usually takes up to a week for a rocket booster 's orbit to decay . The Russian spaceship was launched last Thursday . The booming sounds were likely noises from the explosion , he said . There are no reports of damage , weather officials say . Fragments of the object likely landed in the Atlantic Ocean . The likelihood of space debris hitting one 's home is pretty remote , Chester said , so residents do n't have to worry . The light and sounds , which shook houses , occurred between 9:30 and 9:45 p.m. and could be seen and heard from southern Maryland to North Carolina , said Jeff Lewitsky , a forecaster for the National Weather Service Forecast office in Wakefield , Virginia . After receiving dozens of inquiries on Sunday night from concerned citizens , Lewitsky and his team analyzed the radar and satellite loops and determined the phenomenon was n't caused by weather . Lewitsky said his office has not had residents report such a sighting in the past 20 years . Officials have ruled out another possibility : The light was not likely a solar wind or flare , which is a burst of energy that travels from the sun , said a spokeswoman for the Space Weather Prediction Center at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .	Naval Observatory traced path of Russian rocket booster at time of witness reports Descriptions of object match description of space junk , official says Timing indicates it was likely the Russian booster , Naval Observatory says No reports of damage , weather officials say
CNN  -- Brazil has confirmed 657 fatalities caused by the H1N1 flu , the highest number of deaths in the world , the nation 's Health Ministry said . Brazil registered 7,569 new cases of the virus also known as swine flu from August 25 to 29 , the Health Ministry said . However , new cases of the virus had dropped in the past three weeks . In terms of mortality rate -- which considers flu deaths in terms of a nation 's population -- Brazil ranks sixth and the United States is 12th , the Brazilian Health Ministry said in a news release this week . Argentina ranked first per capita , Brazilian health officials said .	Brazil has 7,569 new cases of the virus from August 25 to 29 , Health Ministry says However , new cases of the virus had dropped in the past three weeks In terms of mortality rate , Argentina ranks sixth , Brazil sixth and the U.S. is 12th
New York  CNN  -- Outside a Manhattan mosque where the imam preaches against terrorism , the brothers of the "  Revolution Muslim " are spreading a different message . Protected by the Constitution of the country they detest , radical Muslim converts like Yousef al-Khattab and Younes Abdullah Mohammed preach that the killing of U.S. troops overseas is justified . In their thinking , so were the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States -- and so are attacks on almost any American . "  Americans will always be a target -- and a legitimate target -- until America changes its nature in the international arena , " Mohammed said in an interview to air on tonight 's "  AC 360 . " Al-Khattab and Mohammed consider al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden their model . "  I love him like I ca n't begin to tell you , because he does n't seem to have done anything wrong from the sharia , " al-Khattab said , referring to Islamic law . "  If you 're asking me if I love him as a Muslim , I love him more than I love myself . " They hand out fliers outside the gleaming 96th Street mosque , where up to 4,000 people visit every day . Inside the sleek , modernistic house of worship , Imam Shamsi Ali preaches against the violence that now sweeps many Muslim countries . "  What we try to do is reminding our people about the real Islam , " Ali said . "  We tell them what the real Islam is all about . Islam is about peace . Islam is about moderation . Islam is about friendship . Islam is opposed to any kind of hatred against anybody . " Law enforcement sources have told CNN the men walk right up to the line of protection under the First Amendment , but their message is not going unnoticed . Al-Khattab handed CNN Correspondent Drew Griffin a business card from an FBI agent who he says is keeping tabs on him . The agent would not comment without clearance from his superiors , except to say , "  Obviously , if they gave you my card , you know we are watching them . " The mosque has called police on Al-Khattab and Mohammed several times , and passers-by occasionally engage them in heated debates . Ali told CNN that ordinary Muslims are "  disgusted with their behavior . " But they insist they do n't fight themselves , and do n't incite others to do so . Al-Khattab calls President Obama "  a murderer , a tyrant , a scumbag , " and says he would n't "  shed a tear " if Obama were killed . But he added , "  Would I incite his murder ? That 's not what I teach . " Mohammed calls himself an American "  by default " who identifies with Muslims . Al-Khattab , a Jew who lived in Israel before converting to Islam , says he "  would like to see a mushroom cloud " over the Jewish state -- "  but before that , I 'd like to see the people guided , and I 'd like them to go back to their original countries where they 're from . " But federal agents are not only watching them , they 're watching some of those who are listening . Neil Bryant Vinas , a young New Yorker who has pleaded guilty to plotting to attack trains on the Long Island Rail Road , met with al-Khattab . Al-Khattab said Vinas and "  some brothers " traveled to Atlantic City , New Jersey , and had dinner with him . Al-Khattab said they considered him something of a hero because he left Israel and converted to Islam . Al-Khattab also claims friendships with Tarek Mehanna , now under indictment in Boston , Massachusetts , on charges of conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists , and Daniel Maldonado , who pleaded guilty before a federal judge in Texas to receiving military training from Islamic militants in Somalia . Mohammed says he and his fellow radicals are "  commanded to terrorize the disbelievers ... making them fearful so that they will think twice before they go rape your mother or kill your brother or go onto your land and try to steal your resources . " "  We are defending innocent women that are bombed every day , innocent children that are bombed every day , " he said . But asked whether those who take their fliers should take up arms against Americans , he said , "  We certainly have never said that . " CNN 's Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	Radical Muslim converts defend violence against the U.S. outside a New York mosque Inside the mosque , an imam preaches against terrorism Authorities say the language walks "  right up to the line " of free speech protection See the full investigation on "  AC 360 " tonight , 10 ET
His cartel helped give Ciudad Juarez its infamous reputation as one of the world 's most violent cities . But no shots were fired when Mexican federal police captured alleged Juarez Cartel boss Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , authorities said Thursday . The 51-year-old kingpin was detained alongside a bodyguard in a "  discreet operation " at a checkpoint in the northern city of Torreon , said Monte Alejandro Rubido , head of Mexico 's National Security Council . The driver 's license Carrillo Fuentes flashed at a checkpoint concealed his identity . But once he realized he 'd been found out , Carrillo Fuentes admitted who he was , Rubido said . Carrillo Fuentes , known as "  El Viceroy , " was one of Mexico 's most wanted alleged criminals . U.S. authorities had been offering a reward of up to $ 5 million for information leading to his arrest or conviction . A list of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration 's most wanted fugitives describes Carrillo Fuentes as a former Mexican police officer and notes that he "  occasionally travels to El Paso , TX . " A State Department Narcotics Rewards Program description of the notorious drug lord describes him as a "  known user of narcotics " who is "  believed to have had plastic surgery " and may have scars around his face . Cartel 's influence had been waning In the United States , Carrillo Fuentes faces a number of charges , including drug trafficking , conspiracy , money laundering , tampering with a witness and "  ordering the intentional killing of individuals to prevent communication of information , " the State Department said . There were five arrest warrants for his capture in Mexico , where authorities were offering a reward of 30 million pesos  $ 2.2 million  . Analysts have said the Juarez Cartel 's influence had been waning after a lengthy battle for territory with the Sinaloa Cartel . Some speculate that violence dropped in Ciudad Juarez , located across the border from El Paso , Texas , after the Sinaloa Cartel won the fight for control . But at one time , the Juarez Cartel was one of the most powerful in Mexico . Its former leader Amado Carrillo Fuentes was known as the "  Lord of the Skies " because of the large fleet of jetliners he used to transport cocaine from Colombia to Mexico . He died while undergoing plastic surgery in 1997 , leaving his brother , Vicente , in charge of the cartel . Arrest comes as government faces criticism His reported arrest comes a week after another top cartel leader was caught . Authorities said last week that they arrested Hector Beltran Leyva , leader of the Beltran Leyva Cartel , while he was dining in a seafood restaurant in San Miguel de Allende . The high-profile captures come as Mexican authorities face fierce public criticism over a surge in violence in Iguala , where 43 students went missing during a recent night of shootouts . On Monday , the government ordered local police to lay down their weapons and sent federal forces to the area , where investigators have found mass graves full of unidentified human remains . Critics accuse local authorities of involvement in the grisly crime , and say the government has n't done enough to solve it . So far , 34 people have been detained in connection with the case , including nearly two dozen local police officers , Mexican Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam told reporters Thursday . Hours later at another press conference , Murillo trumpeted news of Carrillo Fuentes ' capture as the "  result of enormous effort by the federal government , " noting that it shows how much authorities have strengthened their abilities in investigation and intelligence . "  He was one of the most important of the most important that Mexican justice had to capture , " he said .	Mexican federal police have captured Vicente Carrillo Fuentes Authorities captured him at a checkpoint in Torreon , Mexico Alleged Juarez Cartel boss was one of Mexico 's most wanted criminals He 's apparently led the cartel since 1997 , when his brother died during plastic surgery
CNN  -- Police in Finland say they have arrested more than 20 men on charges related to the sexual abuse of children . The men are suspected of using the Internet to approach girls between the ages of 9 and 15 , engage them in sexual discussions and , in some cases , to meet for sex in exchange for money , cigarettes or alcohol , the National Bureau of Investigations said in a statement . The men acted alone , police said . It was not clear when the arrests were made . The agency 's statement did not say and police officials were not in the office to comment Thursday afternoon . At least one of the men , who range in age from 22 to 48 , has a history of similar crimes against children , the agency said . Three of those arrested have already been convicted and sentenced to prison , according to the statement . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Police in Finland arrest more than 20 on charges related to child sex abuse The arrests began with a single incident in 2011 , police say At least one of the arrested has a history of similar crimes against children
A Michigan man accused of gunning down an unarmed young woman on his front porch in November was convicted Thursday of second-degree murder , manslaughter and possessing a firearm while committing a felony . Theodore Wafer , 55 , faces a possible life prison term when sentenced on August 21 . The jury deliberated for a little less than nine hours . Wafer said he feared for his life when loud banging startled him awake in the early morning hours of November 2 , 2013 . He opened his front door and fired a fatal shotgun blast into the face of Renisha McBride , 19 , who prosecutors say was seeking help after a car accident . On Thursday , a judge ordered Wafer remanded to jail though the defense asked for house arrest . After the verdict , McBride 's parents issued a statement thanking jurors . They said they were not surprised by the verdict . "  She was a regular teenager , " said her mother , Monica McBride . "  She was well raised and brought up with a loving family , and her life mattered . And we showed that . " Wafer took the stand Monday to describe feeling the floor vibrate under his feet from the violent pounding on his front and kitchen doors . He said he could n't find his cell phone to call 911 , but retrieved his Mossberg 12-gauge shotgun from a closet and opened the front door at a quiet moment . "  I was not going to cower . I did n't want to be a victim in my own house , " he said . "  I drew first , that 's how I see it . " McBride had a blood-alcohol level more than two times the legal limit at the time of her death and had smoked marijuana earlier in the evening , according to testimony . Witnesses said she crashed her vehicle into a parked car in Dearborn Heights , Michigan , just before 1 a.m. and wandered off disoriented and bloodied . Some three hours later , she lay dead on Wafer 's porch . The incident sparked protest and was likened by some to the shooting of unarmed Florida teen Trayvon Martin in 2012 . McBride , 5-feet-4-inches tall , was African-American . Wafer , who is white and stands at over 6 feet , was criminally charged more than two weeks after the incident . Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy said then that race was not a factor in her office 's decision-making on the case . In her closing argument earlier this week , defense attorney Cheryl Carpenter was the first to bring the issue of race before the jury . "  It is not a race issue . And I 'm going to say that word , because nobody has mentioned it . It is n't . Ted did n't know who this was , " she said . "  This man is the furthest thing from a racist , " said Carpenter . While Wafer said at trial that he acted in self-defense when he shot McBride , he also said the shooting was accidental . Jurors saw a videotaped police interview with Wafer done only hours after the incident , where he told investigators he had forgotten the Mossberg 12-gauge was even loaded and meant only to scare off would-be intruders . Facing off with prosecutor Athina Siringas during a two-hour cross examination , Wafer said he must have disengaged the safety inadvertently and that his finger hit the trigger as a "  total reflex reaction " when a figure suddenly appeared from the side as he stood in the doorway . "  You either shot on purpose because you were in fear , or the gun went off accidentally . Which one is it ? " asked Siringas . "  I shot in fear , " Wafer replied . "  So that means you shot on purpose ? " "  Yes . " Siringas ' co-counsel , Patrick Muscat , suggested in his closing argument that Wafer invented the self-defense scenario to hedge his bets , because he 'd realized an accidental killing could still get him convicted of murder in the second degree . A claim of self defense allows jurors to find a defendant not guilty if they find he acted in the "  honest and reasonable " belief he was in danger of being killed or seriously injured , according to Michigan law . After the incident , Wafer told police he was angry and "  full of piss and vinegar " when he opened the door that night , Muscat told the jury . Man who shot unarmed Michigan teen takes the stand Blood alcohol level of slain Detroit woman more than twice the legal limit Detroit woman 's autopsy leaves questions	Theodore Wafer , 55 , is convicted of second-degree murder and manslaughter He fired a fatal shotgun blast into the face of Renisha McBride , 19 , Prosecutors say she was seeking help after a car accident Wafer said he thought someone was breaking in : "  I was n't going to be a victim in my own house "
CNN  -- Togo 's national soccer team have been officially disqualified from the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations by the Confederation of African Football  CAF  . The region 's governing football body for football has confirmed that the team , known as the "  Hawks " , will take no further part in the tournament being hosted by Angola after failing to appear for their first group game against Ghana on Monday , according to CNN affiliate ITN . The squad flew back home to Togo after three of their traveling party were killed and two players seriously injured by a machine-gun attack which occurred as their bus crossed the border into the northern , oil-rich state of Cabinda on Friday . Group B has now been reduced to three teams : Ghana , Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso -- the latter two drew 0-0 on Monday . Angolan authorities have arrested two people involved in the attack , state media reported , while goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilale remains in a stable condition in a South African hospital but needs a ventilator as he recovers from being shot . The CAF has also ordered a moment of silence to be observed in memory of the slain Togolese before each match in the first round of the tournament , it announced Monday . There had been conflicting reports about whether Togo would take part after several players were quoted saying that they wanted to stay in Angola and play , before being ordered to leave the country by their government . Later reports then quoted Togo sports minister Christophe Tchao as saying he had requested that the CAF keep his country 's place in the tournament open in case they returned to Angola . But the UK Press Association reported that the CAF had received no such request . "  Togo have not taken official steps to come back and play the African Nations Cup , " it quoted an unnamed CAF official as saying before Monday night 's abandoned match . "  The referee has received the order to blow the starting whistle and if the Togolese players are not there , they will have lost the match and will be disqualified . " Meanwhile , Mali and Barcelona midfielder Seydou Keita believes the tournament should have been called off in the wake of the attack , PA reported . "  If only the competition had been cancelled , " he said . "  You ca n't leave home to die . "  Personally , I have to say that I am scared because I do n't know this country . After seeing what happened to Togo , I am scared . You do n't know when a problem could happen again . My only worry is returning home . "  Football has become something very important throughout the world , and the image which has been left following the attack is something very bad for African football . We came here to play , not to die . " The head of South Africa 's World Cup organising body , Danny Jordaan , has told CNN that his country will not suffer the same security lapses that have occurred in Angola . "  We have shown our ability to safeguard events since 1994 , " Jordaan said . "  In 140 events we have not had a single incident . "  You can draw up a list of countries with that track record and you 'll find very few in the world . "	Togo 's national soccer team officially disqualified from the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations Confederation of African Football confirms news after Togo fail to play opening game Players had been ordered home to Togo in wake of deadly attack on team bus Togo 's group now reduced to three teams : Ghana , Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Howard K. Stern and two doctors entered "  not guilty " pleas to charges of conspiring to provide drugs to Anna Nicole Smith before her fatal overdose in 2007 . Howard K. Stern , Anna Nicole Smith 's longtime confidant , arrives at Los Angeles Criminal Courts on Wednesday . Stern -- Smith 's longtime partner and attorney -- appeared before a Los Angeles judge Wednesday morning for formal arraignment , along with co-defendants Dr. Khristine Eroshevich and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor . The three are charged in California with several felonies , including conspiring to furnish controlled substances , unlawfully prescribing a controlled substance and obtaining fraudulent prescriptions from June 2004 through January 2007 -- only weeks before Smith 's death . California Attorney General Jerry Brown , when he announced the case in March , said the doctors and Stern devised a plan to use fake names so Smith could be prescribed "  thousands of pills . " Smith , the former Playboy playmate and reality TV star , was drugged "  almost to the point of stupefaction , " Brown said . Stern defense lawyer Steve Sadow has called the charges baseless and accused Brown of using Smith 's death for his own political purposes . "  Bottom line is that Howard K. Stern did not commit a criminal act , period , and you can ask me that all day long and I 'll still tell you he did not commit a criminal act , " Sadow said after Wednesday 's hearing . Smith , 39 , was pronounced dead February 8 , 2007 , after being discovered unconscious in her hotel room at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel and Casino near Hollywood , Florida . A coroner said she died from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs . Florida prosecutors said in March they were taking a new look at Smith 's death to see if evidence California investigators had gathered recently might cause them to open an inquiry . The Broward County , Florida , state attorney 's office never opened a probe into Smith 's death but did assist the Seminole police department in its investigation in the days afterward .	Smith 's boyfriend Howard Stern , two doctors charged with providing drugs Smith died from accidental overdose of prescription drugs in 2007 The three face felony charges relating to furnishing drugs , faking presciptions Stern defense lawyer calls charges baseless
CNN  -- Kenyan warplanes targeted an Al-Shabaab training camp today inside Somalia , according to military officials . The al Qaeda-linked Islamist group has been connected to the attack in a Nairobi mall last month where 67 people where killed . Col. Cyrus Oguna , spokesman for the Kenyan Defense Force , told CNN that the training camp had about 300 recruits , but he does n't know yet how many people were killed in this attack . He said that information would be available Friday . "  This military operation is not an isolated one , but we will continue targeting Al-Shabaab camps in the near future " Cyrus Oguna said . The attack was in Diinsoor , Southwestern Somalia . Five more held in deadly Westgate mall attack in Kenya The airstrike completely destroyed an Al-Shabaab training camp at Hurguun , according to the military . Kenyan officials said the terror group has used the training camp to train operatives , including attackers who targeted Nairobi 's Westgate mall in September . This offensive comes on the heels of the Jillib attack , which left two Al-Shabaab commanders dead , the Kenyan military said .	Kenyan warplanes attacked an Al-Shabaab training camp Thursday , military says Kenyan military : Camp had 300 recruits , but death toll still unknown Kenya 's military said : "  This military operation is not an isolated one "
Rome  CNN  It could have been , in the words of the Italian coast guard , a disaster . But thanks to authorities , a ship on course to crash against the rocky Italian coast was stopped in time , saving passengers and averting a possible environmental catastrophe . Italian coast guard commander Filippo Marini said the vessel was cruising on autopilot toward the coast at 6 nautical miles per hour . When it entered Italian search and rescue waters , the coast guard sent helicopters with six men , who boarded the ship and took control . The course of the vessel was reversed to avoid a collision with the rocks , and it was piloted instead to Gallipoli , in Italy 's southern Puglia region . It docked safely there Wednesday . The freighter carried 796 migrants , the coast guard said Thursday , most believed to be from war-torn Syria . Authorities on Wednesday put the number of migrants on board at 768 . The crew of the Blue Sky M apparently jumped ship . The coast guard said a collision would not only have led to the deaths of passengers , but would also have created an environmental disaster . It said a "  real disaster " was avoided . The freighter sent a distress signal near the Greek island of Corfu on Tuesday , alerting Italian and Greek authorities to the situation on board . The Greek Merchant Marine Ministry and the Greek Navy have said the pilot of a Greek helicopter that flew over the cargo ship spoke with the captain , who said the ship was not in distress and did not need assistance . Floriana Segreto , a spokeswoman for the Italian coast guard in Rome , said there were no deaths related to the Blue Sky M incident . She added that about 100 people have been hospitalized , mainly because of the cold and exhaustion . It was not immediately clear where the migrants will go . The authorities will investigate what happened to the crew and how the freighter reached Italy 's waters .	Italy 's coast guard says there were 796 migrants aboard the ship The crew had abandoned the freighter , which was cruising toward the rocky coast Italian coast guard brought the freighter packed with migrants safely into port
As far as hurricanes go , Sandy is not particularly intense . With peak winds at 90 mph Monday at 5 p.m. , it is still classified as a Category One , with only a small chance of briefly achieving the low end of Category Two before making landfall somewhere in New Jersey on Monday evening . And yet , state and local governments have gone into full alert mode , with schools closed , cities shut down , and evacuations ordered across the Eastern Seaboard . Justifying the alarm are enormous waves arriving onshore , raising the mean water level by a few feet even here in Miami , where the winds are blowing directly offshore . Sandy could bring ` catastrophe , ' affect 60 million Sandy represents the confluence of a modestly strong hurricane coming up from the Caribbean and a fairly strong but not unusual continental weather system -- what meteorologists call a "  trough " or "  dip " in the jet stream -- that has been traversing the country over the last few days . In the vast majority of cases , these weather systems weaken hurricanes while at the same time pushing them quickly out to sea . Such weather systems also generate their own cyclones , not as intense as hurricanes , but larger and slower moving . Opinion : As Sandy descends , tips from Katrina survivors When these extra-tropical cyclones form over the ocean and move along the coast , we call them nor'easter s  for the strong northeasterly winds they generate  . Sometimes , tropical and extra-tropical systems merge , and the hurricane turns into a large ocean cyclone . But again , almost all of these storms move quickly out to sea . There are two elements that make Sandy very unusual , possibly even "  super . " First is its pathway . Rather than racing out to sea like most coastal storms , Sandy has already turned hard to the left and it will make landfall at nearly a right angle to the U.S. coastline . This extremely unusual track  from right to left  means that almost every piece of coastline from New Jersey to Cape Cod will receive onshore winds at some point during the event . Second , the core of Sandy -- the part that will look and feel like a hurricane -- has remained intact , even as cooler and drier air from the United States wraps around it . Thus , Sandy has each of the worst features of both kinds of storm : a small core of hurricane-force winds around its center , and a broad expanse of gale-force winds extending hundreds of miles outward that will batter the shorelines for several days . Why did this happen ? It was simply a matter of positioning . Sandy arrived east of Florida at exactly the right time and place to get the maximum benefits from its interaction with the dip in the jet stream . As a result , Sandy became large enough to influence that system as well , and the two will wrap around each other into a single , deep cyclone , 800 miles across , extending from the ground to 40,000 feet in the sky . This will add to the duration of the event as the circulation takes several days to wind down over Pennsylvania and New York . Opinion : Climate change raises stakes for coast As for whether Sandy is a "  Superstorm , " perhaps we should refrain from such a designation until after the event . There was already a "  Superstorm " in March 1993 -- a nor'easter that dumped snow from New Orleans to Canada . There was the Halloween Storm of 1991 -- later known as the Perfect Storm -- which , like Sandy , also grew from the confluence of a large extra-tropical cyclone and a hurricane  which , unlike Sandy , was destroyed in the process  . And there was the Blizzard of ' 78 , the Eastcoaster of 1996 , and others . Sandy will take its place in history , but we will not know what that place is until many days have passed .	David Nolan : As far as hurricanes go , the storm we call "  Sandy " is not very intense Nolan : There are two elements that make Sandy unusual , possibly even "  super " He says Sandy 's right-to-left pathway is atypical , as is its intact hurricane core Nolan : Sandy will take its place in history , but we 'll have to wait until it 's over to know where
New York  CNN  -- A popular television and radio DJ was shot to death in Staten Island early Sunday morning , according to New York City police . Corey McGriff , known to fans as DJ Megatron , died of a gunshot wound to the torso shortly after 2 a.m. . The incident is still under investigation and no arrests have been made , police said . McGriff , 32 , was best known for his appearances on the BET 's music countdown show , "  106 & Park . " He had worked for both the show and BET.com since 2006 , according to a statement released by the network . "  The BET Networks Family is saddened by the news of the untimely loss of our friend and colleague , Corey ` Megatron ' McGriff , " the statement said . "  We extend our deepest condolence to his family . He will truly be missed . "	Man was known for BET 's "  106 & Park " No arrests yet in Staten Island shooting
CNN  -- Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev made a "  statement to his detriment " during a prison visit by his sister , federal prosecutors said in a court document . The statement was made in the presence of an FBI agent , who was in the room during the visit under special restrictions , according to documents filed in federal court in Boston on Friday . Tsarnaev , in the presence of the agent , "  was unable to temper his remarks and made a statement to his detriment which was overheard by the agent . " The document did not say what the statement was . The suspect 's alleged statement surfaced during the prosecution 's opposition to a defense motion to do away with restrictions known as Special Administrative Measures , or "  SAMs , " which include that prison visits be monitored . A defense motion to vacate the measures -- which was unsealed Friday -- describes the SAMs as "  unlawful and unwarranted . " The measures were imposed in August and restrict Tsarnaev 's access to mail , media , the telephone , and visitors . The defense motion claims the SAMs "  impose extraordinary and severe restrictions impairing the ability of defense counsel to provide competent representation . " Tsarnaev , 20 , is being held without bail on federal charges in connection with the April 15 bombings that killed three people and wounded more than 250 others . He 's also charged with the killing of an MIT police officer several days later . His trial is set for November 3 . Federal prosecutors said last month they 'll seek the death penalty against Tsarnaev , arguing that he acted in "  an especially heinous , cruel and depraved manner . " The government argued that the defense motion was not about the restrictions , but about the fact that Tsarnaev allegedly made a detrimental comment in front of an FBI agent , according to the court document . The defense motion "  has nothing to do with the SAMs and everything to do with the fact that Tsarnaev , despite the presence of an FBI agent and an employee of the Federal Public Defender , was unable to temper his remarks and made a statement to his detriment which was overheard by the agent , " the court document states . The government said the FBI agent was in "  a legally obtained vantage point making his ability to see and hear all which occurred lawful . " Authorities allege Tsarnaev , a Chechnya-born American , and his brother , Tamerlan , planted two homemade bombs near the finish line of the marathon before allegedly killing a police officer three days later . The attacks triggered the massive manhunt . Police shot and killed the suspect 's brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , during the manhunt . Calls to Tsarnaev 's attorneys were not immediately returned Saturday . For victim 's , death penalty decision a ` step forward '	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is charged in connection with bombings that killed three people and wounded more than 250 others Prosecutors say he allegedly made a "  statement to his detriment " during a prison visit by his sister His trial is set for November 3
CNN  -- Roger Federer kept his hopes alive at the ATP World Tour Finals Thursday with a straight sets win over Richard Gasquet then repeated his demand for more rigorous doping controls in tennis . "  I just feel like we 're not getting maybe tested enough , " said Federer after completing a 6-4 6-3 win over his French opponent . "  I feel like I used to get tested more , I think I was tested 25 times in 2003 , 2004 . Ever since , I think it 's been clearly going down this season . "  Also last year when I won Dubai , Rotterdam and Indian Wells , and the year before that , I did n't get tested in one of those three events that I won . For me , that 's not okay . "  You show up and test a guy that 's winning everything . That 's sometimes what I struggle with . "  But overall I trust the system . I think they 're all very professional , " the 17-time grand slam champion told gathered reporters . Drug testing has been a hot topic all week at the end of season showpiece in London , with World No. 2 Novak Djokovic mounting an outspoken defense of his Serbian colleague Viktor Troicki and saying he had lost faith in the anti-doping regime . By contrast , Federer said he had little sympathy for Troicki , who saw his original ban cut from 18 months to 12 months Tuesday . Troicki failed to provide a blood sample after feeling unwell at the Monte Carlo Masters but claimed he had been given permission by the doping control doctor to come back the next day . "  I do believe that when you are requested for a sample , you have to give the sample . It does n't matter how bad you feel . I 'm sorry , " Federer said . "  Like the test the next day for me is not a test any more because of what could have happened overnight . "  I believe whatever they decided on . I think it 's just very important to give the sample when you 're requested to give it because there you are in front of them and there is no way to escape . That 's where we just need to be extremely firm . " Djokovic later beat Juan Martin Del Potro 6-3 3-6 6-3 in another tight three set match at the O2 Arena to book his passage into the semifinals . It was his 19th straight win since losing to Rafael Nadal in the final of the U.S. Open and kept him on course in his title defense in London . Defeat for Del Potro also boosted Federer 's hopes of reaching the last four in a tournament he has won six times . He will now meet the Argentine in a winner takes all final Group B match Saturday .	Roger Federer wants more drugs testing in tennis Reacting to the debate over Viktor Troicki 's punishment Federer beats Richard Gasquet at ATP World Tour Finals Novak Djokovic into semifinals after beating Juan Martin Del Potro
CNN  -- They spend their days beside a dusty freeway scratching a living by selling an unusual roadside snack to passing motorists : barbecued mice on sticks . But when no cars are in sight and the trade in mice kebabs is slow , this group of childhood friends bring out their rudimentary guitars and put on an impromptu performance . And that 's how Ian Brennan , the American Grammy-winning producer famous for his work with nomadic rockers Tinariwen , came to unearth his latest music gem : the Malawi Mouse Boys . Two years ago , Brennan embarked on a mission to discover hidden musical talent in Malawi , just as he 'd done before with many other bands . However , after more than two weeks and over 2,000 kilometers of fruitless driving along bumpy tracks , Brennan had found nothing . But his luck changed one evening when he spotted a young man strumming his battered guitar by a two-lane highway in rural Malawi . Not thinking twice , the producer immediately did a u-turn , went up to the young man , named Alfred , and asked him to play a song . What followed was a glorious moment , bathed in the flaming colors of the setting sun casting a soft orange glow in the evening air . "  It will stay with me forever , " recalls Brennan . "  The sun was going down and a group of around 20 children , ranging from toddlers to teenagers , had gathered around . Alfred was so shy , the song was nearly inaudible . But when he hit the chorus , all of the kids joined in -- it was true surround sound . "  I realized that I had stumbled on a micro hit , isolated on this one corner of this one stretch of road . " Songs of love and faith That "  micro hit " ended up on "  He is # 1 , " the debut offering from the Malawi Mouse released last year . The album , a joyous collection of 14 self-penned gospel songs combining uplifting harmonies with rhythmic guitar playing , was recorded entirely outdoors in just two days using Brennan 's portable studio . Read this : 10 must-see African films But minus a few unexpected intrusions -- tiny spiders kept causing problems by finding their way into Brennan 's hard-drive -- recording on the clay ground next to the band members ' huts allowed the honesty and soulfulness of the performance to shine through , as well as a few unusual contributions from passing animals and local children . "  In those situations that are outdoors there 's always variables , " explains Brennan . "  Wind is always going to be present ; in this case children and animals were on the recording but sometimes the children and the animals contribute -- they tend to be very on time . " But while their songs have been described as echoing "  mid-20th century American gospel music , " the Malawi Mouse Boys had never even heard recordings in that genre . "  There are a lot of parallel things on , but it 's not that they are influenced by American music , " says Brennan . "  It 's quite different to that ; they 're playing the very music that were contributing factors or maybe even the source of American music . " Tough existence Malawi , a beautiful landlocked country in southern Africa , is one of the world 's poorest nations , ranking 170 out of 187 countries surveyed at the Human Development Index . Living without electricity in a tiny village near the town of Balaka , the Malawi Mouse Boys have defied adversity by making music together since they were children . Completely self taught , they write their jubilant songs on homemade instruments -- from four-string guitars crafted from scrap metal to makeshift tin-can drums . Read this : Somali rappers defy bullets But to make ends meet , they rely on standing by the highway almost around the clock trying to tempt travelers to buy their roasted mice . "  It 's a very dangerous work , " says Brennan . "  They 're hunting the mice themselves ; they clean them and then they boil them and grill them . They do all this work and maybe they will end up with one stick which will sell for the equivalent of somewhere between half a euro or a euro . It 's quite a tough existence . " Giving voice to the unheard "  He is # 1 " marked the first time an album had been released internationally in the language of Chichewa , a fact Brennan describes as "  unjust " and "  absurd " and "  mirroring society 's greater inequities . " "  How can it be just that tens of thousands of ` artists ' from cities like Los Angeles and London are given platforms , but entire countries are left voiceless globally ? " he asks . "  When we listen to people sing in another language , we are forced to listen to what they mean rather than what they say . And when we listen to each other , there is a chance for understanding and empathy to grow . " Remarkable to see Late last month , the band broke new ground with their first-ever performance outside Malawi , when they brought their authentic sounds to the world-renowned Womad Festival in the UK . The band 's uplifting set , performed on their DIY instruments , was one of the festival 's major highlights . "  It was remarkable to see , " says Brennan . "  Having never even been on a stage before , never sung with amplified microphones before , to going all the way to really putting on a show , " he adds . "  To see them perform it 's quite a unique thing . " Brennan says the band 's success stems from their level of commitment and a lack of self-consciousness , a rare quality in today 's entertainment industry . "  We 're so used to seeing people that are hyper conscious about how they appear and often times their volitions are filtered through a myriad of media influences that they have absorbed , " he says . "  This is a very different thing ; this is something that 's more akin probably to music before the advent of television , " he adds . Brennan says the band has already recorded its second album , which it is planning to release next year . He also says that he hopes to help them tour overseas again . But while he was very keen on hearing the band 's music , Brennan was much more reluctant to sample a taste of their other line of work . "  I am a vegetarian , " he says , when asked if he 'd tried the mice kebabs . "  I have the perfect excuse . "	Malawi Mouse Boys is an eight-member gospel band When not playing music , they sell roasted mice to passing motorists The band played last month at the UK 's Womad festival
CNN  -- After a prolonged courtship with Seattle , the Sacramento Kings are officially staying put . About two weeks after rejecting a sales bid that would have had the team moving 750 miles north to Washington state , the NBA board of governors on Tuesday approved the Kings ' sale to a local ownership group helmed by Vivek Ranadive . The vote was unanimous , the NBA said in a news release , and "  the transaction is expected to close shortly . " Terms of the deal were not released . "  Thanks to entire NBA for approving sale of Kings to our organization , " tweeted Ranadive , the founder and CEO of TIBCO Software in Palo Alto , California . "  It is an honor & a privilege to be part of such an amazing community . " The Maloof family -- known for ownership of properties in Las Vegas , such as the Palms , among other business ventures -- has been trying for months to unload its majority owner stakes in the pro basketball franchise . The family members have on multiple occasions reached apparent deals to sell the team to a Seattle-based group , including investor Chris Hansen and Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , only to be rebuffed by other NBA executives . In January , these two parties reached a deal for that group to buy the Maloofs ' 53 % share of the team as well as minority owner Bob Hernreich 's 12 % stake . But the board of governors never signed off . The Maloof family and Hansen 's group , though , kept on talking , leading to another deal for a higher price and a vote earlier this month by the NBA board . Public officials in Sacramento , meanwhile , never gave up on their efforts to keep the team . Led by Mayor Kevin Johnson , who is a former all-star NBA guard , they worked on a stadium plan and collaborated with a group led by Ranadive that was intent on keeping the team in northern California . On May 15 , the 22 members of the league 's board of governors rejected the Kings ' relocation bid , while eight voted in favor . After that vote , Commissioner David Stern cited the existence of a "  strong ownership group , " a construction team and a plan for a new arena , plus strong support from officials and residents in the Sacramento area . Johnson celebrated that day , and again on Tuesday . Congrats to @Vivek & the new ownership group ! " the mayor wrote on Twitter . "  NBA 's unanimous vote sends a strong statement of support for the Kings ' bright future in Sac ! "	The NBA 's board of governors approves the sale of the Sacramento Kings Tech entrepreneur Vivek Ranadive heads the Kings ' new ownership group Maloof family had deals to sell to a group that would 've moved the team to Seattle NBA executives rejected those relocation bids
