CNN  -- I feel guilty . My iPhone has been great to me . Loyal . Hard working . Holds a charge well . Sure , we had some dropped calls , but who has n't ? But something is wrong with our relationship . And I know it 's not my iPhone , it 's iDean . Yes , I know this is n't the best time to bring this up , what with Apple 's earnings report showing that so many others are also falling out of love with their iPhones . But I could not keep it inside any longer . I realized our problems had gotten bad when reading media reports about the new iPhone 5 expected to be released this fall . In the past , those articles truly excited me . I could n't wait for the new iPhone . I would scour the net looking for more hints . An image . A rumor . Anything . In those days , I was crazy about the iPhone . But when I read about the iPhone 5 , my reaction was not one of excitement , but pity . The iPhone is doing all it can to stay attractive . Lose weight . Increase its screen size . Work faster . It 's like the phone version of Madonna . Maybe the iPhone caught me looking at the younger Samsung Galaxy . I tried not to look . But how can I be blamed for taking a glance ? So , I Googled an image . And yes , I asked a friend if I could try his . But I have n't done anything wrongâ $ " at least that 's what I keep telling myself . CNNMoney.com : Apple badly misses forecasts I longingly think back to how my relationship started with the iPhone . It was the summer , 2007 . I thought it would be a typical summer . I 'd use my phone to make some calls , text friends from it . Nothing exciting . But then I saw it . Sure , I had seen the commercials , but I did n't fully appreciate the beauty of the iPhone until I saw it in person . At that moment , I vowed that nothing would stand in my way of getting my hands on one -- except the hundreds of people standing on line in front of me at the Apple Store . My first iPhone had me at "  Hello . " Actually , there were a lot of dropped calls in those days , so technically it had me at : "  Can you hear me now ? " But hey , we were young . Neither of us knew what we were doing or where it would lead . But we agreed to give it a shotâ $ " a one-year shot , to be precise , per the terms of my service agreement . That amazing year flew by . Before you knew it , the iPhone 3G arrived . It looked like the original , but was faster . More powerful . It could do things the first iPhone could n't . In defense of my first iPhone , it would have gladly done these other things if it were technologically capable . CNNMoney.com : AT&T and Verizon shine as iPhone sales sink Then in June 2010 came the biggest moment of our relationship : The iPhone 4 . Just as Steve Jobs promised : "  This changes everything . Again . " It felt like 2007 all over again . Plus it was better . The new iPhone was sleeker . Thinner . Faster . It was beautiful . Those were probably the best days of our relationship . Texting , e-mailing , surfing the Internet while speaking on the phone . Even our worst moment , the time I accidentally dropped the iPhone in the toilet bowl , did n't slow us down . Despite everyone saying my iPhone would never be the same after this incident , it was better than ever . Maybe it was foolish to think that this bliss would last forever . But I did . The first time I sensed something was wrong was in mid-2011 . June 7 , if I recall correctly . That 's when the iPhone 4S was announced . I had hoped for an iPhone 5 . A fully redesigned , greatly improved iPhone . Instead it was just a slightly faster version of the same old thing . Maybe my expectations were to blame ? Maybe it was Siri 's fault ? But in any event , my feelings sadly began to fade that summer . Since then , I have found myself increasingly checking out the Android and Samsung Galaxy . I 'm not saying I 'm moving on . Even though the thrill might be gone , there 's a comfort to being with something you know well . But there is no longer passion . I feel like I 'm just going through the motions . I mechanically dial phone numbers or mindlessly type texts . I do n't even scream at Siri anymore when she says : "  Sorry , Dean , I do n't understand what you 're asking . " I know it 's just a matter of time before it ends . But I want to make it clear that I 'm not going to break my commitment . That 's my word -- plus there 's a $ 350 early termination penalty . However , when I 'm eligible for a new phone in six months , I ca n't promise I 'll stay with my iPhone . But if I do buy a new phone , I 'll probably change my service carrier to help me forget . Not that I 'll ever be able to . Regardless of how this turns out , iDean will always be grateful to my iPhone for being the first to show me what a real phone could do . Tech : 5 ways the iPhone changed our lives The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : My iPhone has been great to me , but I 'm getting restless He says he 's losing interest in the rumors of a new iPhone 5 He 's even flirting with the "  younger Samsung Galaxy "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Several Marines who were involved in the November 2004 offensive in Falluja , Iraq , are now the focus of an investigation into allegations that civilians were intentionally killed during the operation , several Pentagon officials have confirmed . Members of the 1st U.S. Marines Expeditionary Force operate in Falluja , Iraq , in November of 2006 . No one has been charged in the probe , which is based on what one official told CNN were "  credible allegations " from a former Marine . That Marine volunteered the information during an employment polygraph test administered by the U.S. Secret Service . Several sources familiar with the probe say the Naval Criminal Investigative Service is conducting the investigation . The allegations first surfaced on a Web site , defendourmarines.com , posted by Nathaniel Helms , a military journalist who wrote a book about the Marines in Falluja . The Web posting includes an account from a Marine who alleges eight captured Iraqis were gunned down following a firefight . The weeklong anti-insurgent offensive in Falluja began on November 7 , 2004 . It was called Operation New Dawn , and it sparked intense fighting involving airstrikes and house-to-house searches . There were reports of civilians being killed in the crossfire at that time . The allegations are the latest involving Marines and civilian deaths in Iraq . Seven Marines and a Navy medic were charged with killing an Iraqi civilian in Hamdaniya in April 2006 . One Marine will serve eight years in a plea deal ; another Marine withdrew his guilty plea , saying he acted under orders . Four Marines were charged with murder in the 2005 killings of 24 Iraqi civilians in Haditha . Four officers are accused of failing to investigate and report the deaths properly . Haditha was a target of Marine operations to root out insurgents . Both U.S. military law and international law of armed conflict prohibit the killing of unarmed captured prisoners , whether or not they are combatants . E-mail to a friend	Several Marines are the focus of 2004 Falluja civilian death investigation Allegations from former Marine called "  credible " Sources : Naval Criminal Investigative Services conducting the probe
CNN  -- "  The United States joins the government of Afghanistan in strongly condemning the murder of Najia Sediqi , who was killed in a drive-by shooting Monday morning , " read a press release issued December 12 by the U.S. State Department and distributed by the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan . "  The United States will continue to stand side-by-side with women who are carrying on Najia 's fight , the Afghan government and all Afghan people to ensure that the hard-won gains made by women in the recent years are protected and advanced . " Yet as the 2014 deadline for withdrawal of NATO forces approaches many Afghans and some Americans wonder how , exactly , those gains will be safeguarded . And Sediqi 's death , along with three other killings of Afghan women in the past several weeks , shows both the gains and potential losses facing women in Afghanistan . On a recent Monday morning , gunmen opened fire on Sediqi while she walked to her office in broad daylight in eastern Laghman province . She was the acting head of the region 's women 's affairs department , which meant that she handled everything from helping abused women get to shelters to overseeing regional economic empowerment programs . Her title was "  acting " because , as Afghanistan 's TOLO TV reported , only five months earlier her predecessor , Hanifa Safi , was killed in a car bomb blast that also left her husband in a coma . Both Sediqi and Safi are among the hundreds of Afghan officials and leaders who have been targeted for assassination . The killings of the Afghan officials come alongside several weeks in which horrific cases of violence against women came to light in the Afghan press . In Kapisa province , a 16-year-old schoolgirl named Anisa was shot dead after leaving the Mahmoud Raqi Girls High School . Days later Afghan women leaders gathered in Kabul to demand justice and a government investigation into whether the Taliban , which are suspected in the killing , were responsible . Some activists saw a link between Anisa 's killing and her work volunteering for a polio eradication campaign the Taliban are known to oppose . In Kunduz province , 2012 has been the "  most violent on record for women and girls , " with more than a dozen killed . Most recently , a 14-year-old was killed by a gunman as she opened her door , allegedly in connection to a failed marriage proposal . Another schoolgirl , Giseena , was found slain , her throat slit in what appeared to be retribution for her father 's refusal to agree to her marriage . The girl 's killing came while she was on her way to collect water for her home near the Tajikstan border . One of the men the police detained in the investigation was her thwarted suitor . This collage of horrific violence against women tells two stories . First , for Afghan officials , death is a frighteningly present possibility at all times , and women serving other women are among the leading targets . A slew of high-profile female leaders have been killed , from Malalai Kakar of Kandahar 's police force to Safia Ama Jan , who headed Kandahar 's local ministry of women 's affairs office , the same position Safi and Sediqi held in Laghman . And second , as a U.N. official in Afghanistan noted this month , while violence against women remains "  largely under-reported due to cultural restraints , social norms and taboos , " the last year saw "  an actual increase in reporting of incidents of violence against women , " with prosecutors and courts "  convicting more perpetrators for such crimes . " Certainly the high-visibility horrors that "  reach law enforcement , that actually get to the court , or receive public attention due to their egregious nature represent only the tip of the iceberg " when it comes to crimes against women in Afghanistan , but the fact is that more women are bringing their abuse to the authorities and a thriving Afghan media are picking up their stories . This reality points to progress , say advocates for women . And they say they are coming to believe that these steps forward will not recede as the international troops withdraw . "  I do n't see that Afghanistan can go backwards , " says Manizha Naderi of Women for Afghan Women , an organization that runs shelters for abused women across the country . "  Too many people have experienced and felt the freedom of how it is to live in a safe environment . I really do n't think the young people will ever go backwards . " Certainly the years since 2001 have been marked by dramatic changes for Afghan women . Nearly 3 million girls are in school , and more than 3,000 midwives across the country save expectant mothers ' lives . Women make up a quarter of parliament , and civil society -- groups pushing for human rights and better education -- is filled with 20 - , 30 - and 40-something women pushing for their rights and their country 's future . In many ways the stories of these women are part of a larger narrative the American public , exhausted by the country 's longest-ever war , has nearly stopped hearing : Some women are making great progress -- and taking great risks -- while some others have seen their lives change little and continue to be plagued by violence and deadly abuse . Their fates are linked . As three prominent Afghan women entrepreneurs who appeared in Washington at the U.S. Institute of Peace this month made clear , the gains of some women lead to the gains of more . Homegrown role models help show what is possible to the girls of the next generation -- and their fathers . In the political sphere they show that women can lead and they stand up for girls such as Giseena . And in the economic realm these entrepreneurs are creating jobs for women and men in a country that has an unemployment rate estimated to top 35 % . As these women push forward they bring others with them and bolster families ' prospects in the process . But their advancement takes time . In America 's recent election , neither side wanted to discuss in any depth either the stakes of the Afghanistan conflict or a sustainable future strategy for the war . Poll after poll shows Americans no longer think it is a war worth fighting . But Afghan women are still in the fight and will be long after 2014 . And their battle for a more educated , richer , healthier country is one in which everyone has a stake . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gayle Tzemach Lemmon .	Acting head of women 's affairs department in Afghan province was gunned down Gayle Tzemach Lemmon says the killing fits a pattern of violence against women She says women have made strides in Afghanistan since 2001 , but huge issues remain Lemmon : While U.S. focuses on withdrawal , much remains at stake for Afghan women
CNN  -- Yes , safaris are great and the beaches are diverse and dramatic . But an Africa getaway does n't just have to be about 4X4 game drives or lazy strolls on cotton-soft sands by crystal blue waters . If you 're looking to soak up the continent 's breathtaking scenery , and have an eye for adventure , then there 's only one place to be : at the top . From the snow-capped peak of Kilimanjaro , through the forest-clothed slopes of Mount Kenya , to the Alpine meadows of the High Atlas Mountains , Africa 's magnificent rooftops offer glorious views and a wide range of trekking experiences that appeal to all kinds of climbers , from hardcore mountaineers to weekend warriors and families . "  It 's the terrain and the ability to combine a wildlife experience with the climb , " says Sunit Sanghrajka , president of U.S.-based travel group Alluring Africa , explaining what draws outsiders to the continent 's mountainous areas . "  Also , Africa being kind of distant and lesser known , there is an allure to it , " he adds . Sanghrajka says the continent 's growing political and economic stability , coupled with improvements in communications and airlift , have all helped attract more and more tourists in recent years . "  The overall interest in Africa has grown exponentially , especially from the U.S. market , " he says . Here , Inside Africa picks seven of the best treks and hikes from across the continent . Kilimanjaro Make it to the summit of Tanzania 's 5,895-meter Kilimanjaro , and you 'll be standing at Africa 's highest point . The majestic mountain is Africa 's most-visited trekking destination , attracting tens of thousands of tourists and adventurers every year . "  You do n't have to be a technical climber to climb Mount Kilimanjaro ; you just need to be pretty physically fit , " explains Sanghrajka . "  We 've had more people requesting Kilimanjaro in the last three or four years because it 's something they feel is attainable -- it can be combined with a family vacation and that 's why I think it 's so popular . " There are six routes to choose from , each with varying degrees of difficulty , scenery and success . No special equipment is required . On the way to the "  Roof of Africa , " you will travel through five different climactic zones , reaching arctic cold temperatures around the glaciers that cap Kibo , Kilimanjaro 's summit . You 'd better hurry , though , as climate change experts say that the ice and snow in the mountain 's upper slopes are melting and could disappear within decades . Watch this : Climbing Kilimanjaro Atlas Mountains The High Atlas is an impressive mountainous range in central Morocco that hosts North Africa 's highest peak , Mount Toubkal , at 4,165 meters . There 's a variety of routes to follow during your ascent but inexperienced climbers should note that the trek through the mountain 's challenging terrains is quite demanding . Passing though the rugged landscape you 'll get the chance to explore spectacular gorges and rolling valleys as well as encounter the local Berber people who 've inhabited these tough terrains for centuries . The best time to climb the High Atlas is during the summer months . Mount Kenya A long-extinct volcano , Mount Kenya is Africa 's second-highest peak , at 5,199 meters . Lying just south of the equator , the mountain 's glacial valleys , successive vegetation zones and diverse wildlife will guarantee you spectacular scenery and a fantastic trekking experience . The ascent , however , to the mountain 's steep ice-capped peaks is quite challenging . "  Mount Kenya is the most technical , probably , in that East African area , " says Sanghrajka . At the mountain 's crest , temperatures rarely rise above freezing point . There are several routes on the way to the mountain 's summit , the majority of which take between three and seven days to complete . Mount Meru Mount Meru may forever be destined to exist in the shadow of its imposing neighbor , Kilimanjaro , but Tanzania 's second-highest mountain  4,565 meters  has its own devotees . "  It 's lesser known , but Mount Meru is for the true enthusiast who wants to experience what very few people actually do , " says Sanghrajka . A beautiful volcanic cinder cone , Mount Meru will treat you to stunning views and diverse wildlife . Its slopes are coated with dense rainforest up to about 2,900 meters , which then give way to rocky areas . Mount Meru is often used by mountaineers for acclimatization before trekking Kilimanjaro , or by those wanting a trek with the local Massai . Read more : Maasai 's ` last stand ' to keep land from game hunters Simien Mountains With its stupendous rock-hewn churches and medieval castles , northern Ethiopia 's rich cultural heritage has long attracted tourists from around the world . But visitors to the area are also increasingly being drawn to the spectacular Simien Mountains , a natural marvel where several jagged peaks of solidified lava are separated by deep valleys to form an overwhelming landscape . The mountains are also home to some of the world 's rarest animals , including the walia ibex , which is not found anywhere else in the world . Since 1978 , the region 's national park has been recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage site . The highest point is Ras Dejen , at 4,533 meters . Read this : Rock churches ` built by angels ' Mount Elgon Mount Elgon is a magnificent extinct volcano dominating the skyline along the Uganda-Kenya border . Its enormous crater is surrounded by several jagged peaks , including Wagagai , which is the highest point at 4,321 meters . Here you can explore ancient caves and zip past spectacular cliffs , over which Mount Elgon 's streams cascade as dramatic waterfalls . Elgon 's slopes are covered in ancient dense forests and bamboo belts which then give way to a spectacular moon-like moorland zone blanketed by tree heaths , massive groundsels and lobelias . There are several routes to the mountain 's peaks , and the full trekking circuit takes up to five days . A descent into the vast caldera , at 40 kilometers long and 8 kilometers wide , is also a must . The Drakensberg The Drakensberg is a vast mountainous range in South Africa , Lesotho and Swaziland , rising to 3,475 meters and stretching for some 1,125 kilometers . The giant mountains are ideal for both casual day hikes through indigenous forests and more serious expeditions along tough terrains and rocky terraces . They also host several game reserves and parks , attracting thousands of tourists every year . "  A lot of people like to go and hike there because it 's absolutely stunning , " says Sanghrajka . "  The scenery is fantastic . "	African mountains offer all kinds of climbers a wide range of trekking experiences Magnificent scenery , rare wildlife and cultural exchanges are major draws Kilimanjaro in Tanzania , Africa 's tallest mountain , is the most popular destination We pick seven picks of the best hikes in the continent
CNN  -- Vladimir Putin is basking in the glory of territorial conquest , enjoying his highest domestic approval ratings since returning as president two years ago . But he should take time to consider whether the foundations of Russian power are as stable as he would like us to believe . As an act of geopolitical assertiveness , the seizure of Crimea was meant to convey a message of strength . But the negative reaction of financial markets and Western sanctions against Russia have highlighted existing economic vulnerabilities in a way that raises serious doubts about Russia 's ability to sustain its new position . The revival of Russia 's international standing during Putin 's first two terms was , above all , a consequence of the country 's rapid economic recovery following the collapse of the immediate post-Soviet years . The resources boom of 2000-2008 produced huge increases in export earnings and average growth rates of 7 % . By 2006 Russia had paid off its Paris Club debts and was recording net inflows of capital . Its inclusion as one of the BRICs -- the elite group of large emerging economies -- seemed natural . But the limits of Putin 's business model were becoming apparent even before the global financial crisis struck in late 2008 . The combination of the war in Georgia and threats made by Putin to the private steel company Mechel led to a resumption of large-scale capital flight and a dip in growth . This turned into a deep recession after the sharp decline in international commodity prices hit the bulk of Russia 's export earnings . Although growth returned along with higher oil and gas prices , it has remained well below pre-crisis levels . Last year it reached only 1.3 % . Russian stagnation now threatens to turn into a double-dip recession . Growth forecasts are being downgraded as a result of the crisis over Ukraine . Economic data suggests that the Russian economy may have contracted in the first quarter of 2014 . Since the start of the year , net capital outflows of up to $ 70 billion have already exceeded the total for 2013 , according to Reuters . To make matters worse , Putin 's threat to seize Western assets in the event that sanctions are expanded has turned Russia into a major investment risk at a time when it urgently needs to attract foreign capital and technology to upgrade infrastructure and create a broader base for economic growth . It would be a mistake to see these problems as the short-term effect of the diplomatic turbulence over Ukraine . In reality they are the culmination of serious structural problems that have been ignored and in many case made worse by Putin 's lurch towards authoritarian statism . Endemic corruption swallows up around a third of Russia 's GDP according to the InDem Foundation , and weakens property rights and investor protection . These deficiencies were highlighted most visibly by the expropriation of Yukos Oil and Hermitage Capital , both involving active government complicity . But the practice of reiderstvo , in which the legal system is misused to seize or extort legitimate businesses , is much more widespread and probably involves thousands of cases every year . The effect is to undermine economic activity by deterring investment and stifling entrepreneurship . Why bother to start a business when a cabal of corrupt politicians , prosecutors and judges could abuse their positions of authority to take it away from you ? This explains why small and medium businesses contribute such a low proportion of Russian GDP -- 24 % compared to 58 % for the EU . Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev bemoans the fact that the most ambitious Russian graduates would rather find a sinecure within the state apparatus than go into business , but the message that it 's easier to seize wealth than create it comes from the very top of government . Although the Sochi Winter Olympics was meant the showcase the best of Putin 's Russia , the thing that will stick longest in the memory is the knowledge that a project projected at $ 12 billion ended up costing around $ 50 billion . These predations make the regime vulnerable . After more than a decade of talking about the risks of over-reliance on the extractive industries , particularly oil and gas , Russian leaders have completely failed to diversify their economy . In fact , the non-commodities contribution to exports has shrunk by almost half to 8 % . This has happened at a time when the combined impact of corruption , inefficient state intervention and rising budgetary commitments has increased the fiscal break-even price of oil from $ 20 per barrel to $ 117 . A sustained drop in the oil price could seriously threaten the rentier bargain that enables Putin to sustain popular support . Yet the impact of Ukraine has been to scare Russia 's European customers into seeking out alternative suppliers . In the estimation of his admirers , Putin deserves credit for restoring Russia 's pride and prosperity after the chaos of the Yeltsin era . The alternative version of history is that he was fortunate to benefit from the delayed effect of reforms carried out by his predecessor and the resources boom that began just as he was taking office . Having been gifted a promising legacy he promptly squandered it by imposing a corrupt and wasteful form of authoritarian governance . Unless he can find new sources of growth and dynamism at time when he is closing down Russian society and cutting it off from the outside world , it is likely to be this second version of history that sticks . Read more : Sanctions on Russia : Would World Cup boycott hit harder ? Opinion : Europe has power over Russia , but needs more than gesture diplomacy Hagel : Russia causing itself long-term harm with Ukraine steps	Russia Foundation chair David Clark questions the foundations of Russian power He says Putin 's threat to seize Western assets has turned Russia into an investment risk Russian reliance on commodities exports might prove risky for Putin , Clark writes
CNN  -- A flat tire saw Stéphane Peterhansel 's lead in the Dakar Rally cut to seven and a half minutes by American Bobby Gordon who finished second behind stage eight winner Nani Roma . Peterhansel suffered a puncture 30km from the end of the stage between Copiapo and Antofagasta and saw his overall lead whittled down to seven minutes 36 seconds by Gordon . The American lost out to Roma , from Spain , by just five seconds and is still awaiting his first stage win in the 2012 rally . Defending champion Nasser Al-Attiyah , from Qatar , was disrupted by technical problems and had to stop on several occasions . He now trails Peterhansel by over 45 minutes . Pole Krzysztof Hołowczyc is third , 12 seconds behind Gordon and 7 minutes 48 secs behind the leader . Peterhansel is a Dakar legend with three car titles and six on motorbikes , all coming before the grueling endurance event moved to South America in 2009 but he did n't enjoy his best stage on Monday . He told the Dakar Rally 's official website : "  I am losing loads of time . I drove quite slowly in the rocky parts because I was scared of punctures . And despite this ... I had one 30 km from the finish . It was a bad special , but that is the way it is . "  Gordon started three minutes before us , and 180 kilometres from here we had got to 30 seconds behind him . I think that when he saw us he stepped it up , leaving us in the dust . "  He can win this thing , so it is essential for him to manage this situation as well as he can . " Defending motorcycle champion Marc Coma sealed the 20th stage win of his Dakar Rally career as rival Cyril Despres got stuck in the mud . Stage eight saw Coma , from Spain , snatch the lead from the Frenchman and build a lead of one minute and 26 seconds . Despres spent ten minutes trying to extricate himself from a patch of mud and cut a frustrated figure at the end of the stage . He said : "  There was a torrent of mud between the inspection of the reconnaissance car two days ago and today . Therefore , it did not appear in the road book and I was the first to fall into the trap . "  There was no way I could have avoided it . I am awaiting the organisers ' decision : after Ullevalseter , Gonçalves and a few others had gone through , they took a detour , otherwise there would have been 200 vehicles trapped in the mud . "  So I fail to see why I and the others should be the only ones to pay the price . But I do not think we will let this be . "	A flat tire sees Stéphane Peterhansel 's Dakar Rally lead cut by American Bobby Gordon Spaniard Nani Roma won the eighth stage between Copiapo and Antofagasta Peterhansel leads Gordon by over seven minutes with Krzysztof Hołowczyc third Defending motorcycle champion Marc Coma wins stage eight to snatch lead from Cyril Despres
CNN  -- Do you ever wish you could snap your fingers and change your world ? As a child , I certainly did . Because like many kids , I was an outsider . And like many kids of the 1970s , I pretended to be Endora from "  Bewitched . " OK , friends have advised me that this may not have been the first choice of most 8-year-old boys , since it 's slightly disturbing and maybe a little pathetic . But come on , can you blame me ? I was a budding homo who was musical , gawky and deaf in one ear . Do the math . And the character of Endora represented power . Fearlessness . A take-no-prisoners attitude . So with the help of a bedspread  which approximated the caftans Endora wore and became my magical cape -- hey , when you 're 8 , you got ta improvise  , I would close my eyes , wave my arms and cast spells to try to change my world . It was a world fraught with an obsessive compulsive clean freak mother , limbed and limbless bullies , and a series of unfortunate life events that would challenge even the most formidable witch . Of course , I 'm an adult now . And I no longer don that tattered bedspread , mostly because it 's not nearly as cute at this age . But like most of us , I still long for that mystical connection , that idea that I have some measure of jurisdiction over my own universe . Because let 's face it , things can get really twisted these days . So how do we invoke magic as adults ? I have a few ideas I 'd like to share that have worked for me . None , you may be relieved to know , involves a beehive hairdo or making potions . They 're just simple activities that , at least for my money , help bring me a little bit closer to the mystical element of life . First , I try to meditate . I emphasize try because for me , being forced to sit still is a form of brutality that should be covered under the Geneva convention . As someone juggling two jobs , as an exec for a TV network and as a writer  substitute your jobs here -- career woman and mother , rodeo clown and underwear model , etc.  , I often have a hard time slowing down for a stoplight without checking my e-mail . But when I do meditate , magical things happen . New ideas . Emotional breakthroughs . Song lyrics for new gangsta rap tunes . Which really makes shutting up worthwhile . Second , I have a dream board . Stop laughing . I think those ugly cork boards  where you tack up pictures of the things you want  actually work . Because they 're a great reinforcement . I had a mock-cover of my first book up on mine before I even got an agent . And the publication process could not have been easier . I 'm just sayin ' . Of course , my dream board is a rugged steel panel with magnets , which just screams manly . And it 's in my bathroom , which probably seems kinda weird , but it 's the one spot in the house I know I 'll be in every day with my eyes open . And talk about a captive audience . Third , I try to speak in positives . About 15 years ago , I was $ 53,000 in debt from some business decisions apparently made while I was either drunk or insane . I constantly reinforced my poverty with my friends as if being broke was a badge of honor , like military service or watching Ken Burns documentaries . It was n't until I began talking about how I was gon na get myself out of debt that it actually happened . I talked positively about my situation to anyone who would listen . And within months , I met a wonderful woman at a party who changed the direction of my career , and in one year 's time  albeit a year I had to work like a rower on a slave ship  , I was debt-free . How 's that for magic ? Fourth , I listen to that little voice in my head -- what is usually referred to as "  women 's intuition . " With no disrespect to my female readers , stop hogging the glory ! Everybody has intuition , most people just do n't listen . I like to think of it as God whispering in my ear , although , because I only have one ear that works , I hope he whispers in the right one . Of course , sometimes he can scream like a hog caller and we do n't pay any attention . Example : Someone got me involved , a few years back , with a scam artist . I had a very bad feeling about him from the minute I met him . But I ignored it . And let me tell you , it cost me plenty . Finally , I try to accept what is . This is not very entertaining and can , in fact , be a bummerpalooza . And , I must admit , I do n't always do it without attempting to take someone down with me . After all , spreading the pain around seems like the democratic thing to do . But there really is a kind of peace in surrender , in simply saying , "  What will be , will be , because I 'm too freaking exhausted to try to control it . " In the aftermath of this group of us being scammed , for example , there was a lot of screaming  mine  and tears  also mine  . I was constantly imagining this guy 's death in a highly entertaining car crash . I twisted myself into knots over it -- until I realized that the only person my anger was hurting was me . So I handed it over to a law firm and stepped away . And in doing so , I stopped getting sick . And I stopped yelling at random people on the street , which made for much more pleasant interactions with cops and homeless folk . Do these tips actually work ? I think they have for me . But really , does it matter ? Science has shown that positive thinking speeds healing . And that meditation can improve your health . Even if activities like these are only palliative , how much can it hurt ? After all , we live in a world where every day is filled with both tragedies and triumphs . So maybe , with a little magical thinking , we can tip the scale a tiny bit toward the triumphs . No bedspread required .	A lonely gay kid used to pretend to be the witch Endora from TV show "  Bewitched " Now he brings positive "  magic " into adulthood to improve the quality of his life The author recommends meditating , keeping a dream board and listening to intuition Try speaking in positives and accepting what happens in your life
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Coast guard and other rescuers recovered at least 12 bodies after a passenger ferry with about 300 on board capsized in Bangladesh after getting caught in a tropical storm Thursday , officials said . The ferry began its journey at a Dhaka terminal and was a couple of hours into its journey when it capsized , officials said . Some passengers swam to the shore , while many others remain missing . Dozens of others floating in the Meghna river were safely brought ashore by the rescuers , officials said . The dead included women and children , police said . "  We 've found 12 bodies so far ... many people are still missing . We ca n't exactly say how many are missing , " district police superintendent Zakir Hossain Majumder told CNN . The death toll might rise as the rescue operation continues , deputy commissioner Saiful Hassan Badal said . "  It was a river estuary and very deep . ... I was on the deck of the ferry and jumped off as the ferry turned aside and started sinking , " survivor Shafiqul Islam said . Shafiqui survived by swimming to the shore , he told CNN . Ferry accidents are common in Bangladesh because of overcrowding and poor monitoring systems . More on other ferry and ship sinkings	A ferry carrying about 300 capsized in Bangladesh At least 12 bodies have been recovered Many are missing , officials say
CNN  -- Al Sadd coach Jorge Fossati praised his team for overcoming a "  big injustice " to become the first Qatari football club to reach the Asian Champions League final . The former Uruguay coach saw his Doha-based team record a 2-1 aggregate victory over Suwon Bluewings after losing 1-0 to South Korea 's two-time Asian champions on Wednesday , despite having key players suspended following an ill-tempered first leg last week . "  Of course we are very , very happy , " the 58-year-old told the Asian Football Confederation website . "  To overcome them was difficult . There were many problems and yet we won and that 's why I am happy . "  You know we had to play this game with big injustice . We did n't have some players because of non-football issues . In this situation , we tried to do our best with whatever resources we had . " Five players and coaches were suspended for the match at the Sheik Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium , after a mass brawl broke out following Al Sadd 's controversial second goal in the 2-0 win in Suwon on October 19 . The fighting erupted after Senegal striker Mamadou Niang scored his and Al Sadd 's late second goal while Suwon 's players were tending to an injured teammate , presuming play had been halted . Former Marseille forward Niang was later sent off and missed the return leg along with Ivory Coast attacker Kader Keita and goalkeeping coach Suhail Saber Ali , while Suwon were missing Macedonian striker Stevica Ristic and coach Ko Jong-Su . But even without their star players , Al Sadd held on after Oh Jang-Eun had given Suwon a 1-0 lead with a sixth-minute volley , as Khalfan Ibrahim hit the Koreans ' crossbar with a vicious long-range shot before halftime . Earlier on Wednesday , South Korea 's Jeonbuk Motors advanced to the November 5 final courtesy of a 5-3 aggregate win over Saudi Arabia 's Al Ittihad . After a 3-2 away success last week , the 2006 Asian champions won 2-1 thanks to first-half goals from Brazil forward Eninho . Al Ittihad 's only response was a late consolation goal from former Bordeaux winger Wendel Geraldo , after both teams had been reduced to 10 men . Al Ittihad , the 2004 and 2005 champions , suffered an early blow when Naif Hazazi -- the scorer of both first-leg goals -- was sent off in the 11th minute for a headbutt , while Jeonbuk substitute Krunoslav Lovrek received a second yellow card late in the match . Jeonbuk coach Choi Kang-Hee was pleased his team would have home advantage at the Jeonju World Cup Stadium . "  We got what we wanted , " said Choi , a former Suwon coach . "  We are at home for the final and that is an advantage for us . The lead we took from the first leg gave us some breathing space at home but we knew well that Al Ittihad are a very good team . "  We expected them to come at us strongly and we were ready for that . Eninho 's goals were a big help but we still had work to do and were able to get the result we needed . " Jeonbuk will attempt to keep the Champions League title in South Korean hands for the third year in succession , after Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma 's victory in 2010 and the Pohang Steelers ' 2009 triumph .	Al Sadd the first Qatari football club to reach Asian Champions League final Jorge Fossati 's team beat South Korea 's Suwon Bluewings 2-1 on aggregate Al Sadd will face Jeonbuk Motors , after Koreans beat Saudi Arabia 's Al Ittihad The final will be at Jeonbuk 's Jeonju World Cup Stadium on November 5
CNN  -- Chile poured firefighters and police into the battle against a wildfire that swept through hundreds of homes in the Pacific coastal city of Valparaiso , leaving at least 12 dead , according to an official . Interior Minister Rodrigo Penailillo reported at least 2,000 homes had been destroyed by the blaze , leaving some 8,000 people without a place to live . Earlier , Chile 's National Emergency Office 's website , citing police , had said that at least 16 people were dead . It was not immediately clear why the reported death tolls were different . More than 1,200 firefighters worked to control the wind-whipped blaze in Valparaiso and the suburb of Vina del Mar , Chilean President Michelle Bachelet said Sunday . The wind hampered firefighters ' ability to create firebreaks , and the blaze had spread to more than 2,000 acres , Penailillo said . "  It 's been one of the worst fires in history , " said Fernando Reseio , the fire superintendent in Vina del Mar. . Bachelet said the firefighters were backed up by 17 aircraft and that additional police were being brought in to prevent looting in the areas abandoned by their residents . Many of the survivors suffered burns , and the most seriously burned patients were being transferred to hospitals in the capital , Santiago , about 75 miles away , the president said . In images broadcast by CNN sister network CNN Chile , residents could be seen fleeing the flames overnight . The network reported that the sweeping fire is endangering thousands more homes . In addition , plans were being drawn up to evacuate inmates at Valparaiso prison as a preventive measure , Mayor Jorge Castro said . The city is under a red alert , said emergency office spokesman Ricardo Toro . Earlier , Bachelet had declared a state of emergency , which legally allows armed forces to get involved . CNN 's Michael Roa and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Strong winds are fanning the flames in Valparaiso 500 firefighters from seven provinces are battling the fire , but wind is complicating efforts Chilean President Michelle Bachelet declared a state of emergency
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Betty White is alive and acting despite trending on Twitter as having died . Some White fans misread the headline of a satirical story published by Empire News on Wednesday that said the 92-year-old actress "  Dyes Peacefully In Her Los Angeles Home . " Many took to Twitter to spread their distress , not realizing that "  dyes " is not "  dies " and without reading the story which only revealed that White "  is not a natural blonde . " The story included an alleged quote from White 's agent , Jeff Witjas , saying that she "  has been dying her own hair in her home for decades . " "  BettyÂ has often told me she feels it is relaxing and soothing to dye her own hair , peacefully in her home , where she can laugh and enjoy time with her animals , " the satire quotes Witjas as saying . Witjas is actually White 's agent , but he told CNN that he never dished to the Empire News writer about his client 's hair coloring . Witjas gave a real comment to CNN Thursday , saying White "  will outlive us all . " "  Betty and I have an understanding , " Witjas said . "  I have told her that I have already booked her when she turns 100 and there is no out clause . Betty never backs out of a date . " White , who has enjoyed a resurgence of late , has been busy acting in her hit sitcom "  Hot in Cleveland , " which just reached the 100-episode milestone . The Twitter distress about White calmed down by Thursday , transitioning more to the raising of eyebrows about how it could have happened and to joking about it . "  Why on earth would people ever make a hoax about Betty white dying ? People are so dumb ... " Brandi Diem tweeted . "  RIP , Betty .  Rinse In Peace .  " read a clever tweet by Andrew Klavan . "  A little thankful that Betty white trending is n't because she had some photos hacked , " @bdbdleeroybrown tweeted CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Satire website writes White "  Dyes Peacefully In Her Los Angeles Home " Many readers apparently did not realize "  dyes " is not "  dies " White 's agent tells CNN she "  will outlive us all " One Twitter response : "  People are so dumb "
CNN  -- The U.N. on Monday called for reconciliation in the newly-established Republic of South Sudan after fighting reportedly left at least 600 dead and at least 26,000 cattle stolen . The Special Representative of the U.N. Secretary General , Hilde F. Johnson urged restraint Monday after fighting between the Murle and Lou Nuer communities in Jonglei State , killed at least 600 and left more than 750 wounded . Clashes broke out early Thursday morning and lasted through the day , South Sudan authorities reported . The U.N. on Friday dispatched an assessment and verification team to two of the conflict areas . The team found 28 casualties at one site and 30 at another along with a number of huts burned to the ground , said Aleem Siddique , spokesman for the United Nations Mission in South Sudan . The violence occurred when members of the Murle tribe attacked villages of the Lou Nuer , Siddique said . Though the violence had largely stopped , reconciliation efforts were needed to maintain the peace , he said . "  Peaceful dialogue is the primary means for reconciliation , and the tribal leaders need to sit down and work out their differences . " Between January and the end of June 2011 , nearly 2,400 people had died in 330 clashes across South Sudan , according to a July U.N. report . Most of these casualties resulted from cattle rustling incidents in Jonglei State 's Pibor County . Cattle rustling is a main source of insecurity in South Sudan as cows represent wealth and social status , and are used as "  blood money " or compensation and payment of dowries . According to a 2009 report by the International Crisis Group , "  Sticks and spears have historically been used to carry out rustling and the violent disputes it often causes . However , the proliferation of small arms ... changed the nature of this practice , making raiding far more deadly . "	Fighting in South Sudan reportedly left at least 600 dead , at least 750 wounded Also at least 26,000 cattle stolen 2,400 people died in 330 clashes across South Sudan , in first 6 months of 2011 Most of the clashes are over cattle rustling incidents
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- Melissa and Jackson Brandts knew right away that the photo from their recent trip to Canada was a good one . Melissa and Jackson Brandts were taking a photo of themselves when the squirrel popped up . However , it was n't until the world -- and National Geographic -- took notice that they realized exactly how good . Now , after submitting it to the magazine 's online "  Your Shot " contest , the Minnesota couple 's photo is set to grace the pages of the magazine 's November issue . It 's appeared on the Web sites of news outlets around the world , and the squirrel -- now dubbed "  Crasher Squirrel " -- even has its own Wikipedia entry of the same moniker . Melissa Brandts and her husband Jackson were hiking in Banff National Park the last week in May when they decided to set up their camera and use their wireless remote shutter for a few shots of the two of them . They were getting situated on the rocky shore near Lake Minnewanka when the now-iconic critter stopped by for a visit . "  The little squirrel had been running around while we were getting the shot set up , " Melissa Brandts said in a phone interview Tuesday . "  I was joking with my husband that I hoped he was friendly because he was getting awful close and kind of scampering around our feet and stuff . " Friendly ? You might say so . It was also a bit timid and perhaps even indecisive because it soon scurried away and then , just as quickly , rushed back again . "  Photogenic " might also be a good word to describe it . "  All of a sudden he popped back up because he heard the shutter releasing , the clicking of the camera . The only thing we can figure is that he thought it was going to give him food or something , " Brandts said . "  He popped right up and looked right into the camera , and we were laughing so hard because we were like ` get it , get it ! ' and we were trying to get the remote to fire . So we got a couple of pictures -- took a couple of pictures with him there , and then he ducked down and proceeded to run away . " The resulting image exceeded all expectations . "  We did n't realize how good it was until we got back to the hotel that night and downloaded it to my husband 's computer , and when we could see it on the full screen we were like , ` Whoa , are you serious ? ' " "  We had no idea it was going to turn out exactly like it did with him being in perfect focus , us being out of focus , and then us just laughing in the background . We were n't sure if he 'd be standing like in front of one of us or something like that . " An international phenomenon Brandts said she and her husband showed the photo to their friends and family and were subsequently incessantly prodded to "  do something " with it . For months the two were n't sure what that something could be . That changed , however , when the latest issue of National Geographic arrived in the mail . "  I saw the ` Your Shot ' contest , which of course I knew existed , but I had never thought of entering one of my own pictures into it , " Brandts said . "  I thought , ` This is what I 'm going to do ! ' " Brandts said she submitted it on August 5 and by August 13 it was NationalGeographic.com 's photo of the day . "  Things just kind of spun out of control from there . " The photo was soon published in the pages of two national Canadian newspapers , and Brandts received calls from a friend in South Korea who 'd seen it on a local South Korean news Web site . The couple has since appeared on NBC 's "  Today " show as well as the Twin Cities ' local affiliate KARE . And now that it 's been selected for publication in the November issue of National Geographic , the attention has n't subsided . As of this writing , Brandts has received Facebook messages from random fans in 29 different countries . The Facebook group "  Nuts the Squirrel is a Legend " comes complete with 5,300 fans and counting . The squirrel is also being used by Banff National Park in advertising on its Web site , and it has created a Banff squirrel Twitter account . There 's even a Web site dubbed "  The Squirrelizer , " which has apparently been created for people who feel their photos lack a certain "  squirrel charm . " The site 's tool will paste the squirrel cutout onto any picture uploaded . Other sites have pasted the squirrel onto various scenes from history , from the D-Day invasion at Normandy to the Apollo moon landing . And it has n't stopped there . "  It keeps popping up everywhere , like at my husband 's job , " Brandts added . "  If people are giving him a presentation , all of the sudden they 'll have a squirrel pop up . " Authenticity assured It was during their appearance on "  Today " that host Matt Lauer raised questions about the possibility the photo could have been doctored . Brandts assured him , as she did once more for CNN , that the photo is "  completely authentic " but said she understood the skepticism because people had originally thought the photo was taken simply with a timer -- as opposed to the remote shutter she used in actuality -- which , if it were the case , would have kept the couple in focus and blurred the squirrel . "  National Geographic looked at the full high-resolution -LSB- image , and -RSB- realized it was authentic , " Brandts said , adding , "  You ca n't make this stuff up . "	Couple had set up camera to take their photo with mountains as backdrop Squirrel pops up in front of camera , is snapped Photo appears all over the Web , will be in National Geographic On question of authenticity : "  You ca n't make this stuff up , " woman says
CNN  -- On the final episode of AMC 's "  Breaking Bad , " Sunday night , Bryan Cranston 's Walter White finally meets his broken-bad destiny , whatever that means . On the opening episode of the new season of Showtime 's "  Homeland , " the same night , Claire Danes ' Carrie Mathison is about to undergo another very tough stretch . What does it mean about television , and ourselves , that these two very volatile loners -- Walter , the former high-school chemistry teacher turned murderous meth manufacturer , and Carrie , the bipolar CIA agent whose instincts are as good as her psyche is fragile -- have captured the pop-culture zeitgeist ? It could mean that , ever since HBO 's "  The Sopranos " gave us permission more than a decade ago to embrace imperfect heroes , even anti-heroes , at the center of our TV dramas , it was only a matter of time , and a few short steps , before we could empathize with cancer-ridden Walter and , on "  Homeland , " Damian Lewis '  literally  tortured POW Brody . We were led here in impressive increments : Michael Chiklis ' Vic Mackey in FX 's "  The Shield . " Denis Leary in FX 's "  Rescue Me . " Lots of flawed characters on ABC 's "  Lost , " FX 's "  Justified " and other quality TV dramas . But really , credit the writers and the performers , and directors and other crew members , of these two dramas for raising the bar so high that their shows have become essential topics of conversation . At a time of ever fragmenting viewership , when fewer people are watching television in "  real time , " "  Homeland " and "  Breaking Bad " continue to break through . Especially "  Breaking Bad . " "  Homeland " hit a fever pitch its first season , and though it 's still strong , is not as dominant a conversational topic as it was its freshman year . "  Breaking Bad , " on the other hand , built slowly , brilliantly . By the time it got to the midseason break of its final year , it seemed the bandwagon pulled up and everyone , absolutely everyone , climbed on . "  Breaking Bad , " regardless of its audience levels on AMC  another show from the network , "  The Walking Dead , " draws almost twice as many viewers  , is the show of the fall 2013 TV season . Does n't matter what else is out there , or whether it 's on broadcast or cable . "  Breaking Bad " is it . Partly , this is because series creator Vince Gilligan has promised , and scheduled , an actual ending -- an approach that TV hit on in 1967 , when ABC gave producer Quinn Martin enough advance warning that his ongoing narrative drama , "  The Fugitive , " would not be renewed . Martin turned around and gave viewers the ending they 'd been waiting for . Presto : In the dog days of August , that finale to "  The Fugitive " drew the biggest ratings in the history of television up to that time . Since then , some of the most ambitious TV dramas have ended not with a bang or a whimper , but with a preconceived farewell ending . Some were perfect , like HBO 's "  Six Feet Under " and FX 's "  The Shield . " Others were disappointing , like ABC 's "  Lost " and , most recently , Showtime 's "  Dexter . " And some infuriated some while delighting others , like NBC 's "  St. Elsewhere " and HBO 's "  The Sopranos . " But "  Breaking Bad " may be in a category all its own . The last time , as a TV critic and as a viewer , I 've anticipated a television drama as eagerly as I have "  Breaking Bad " was in the glory days of "  Twin Peaks " at the dawn of the 1990s . Back then , there was no Internet as we know it to spread the word and parse every image and line of dialogue -- but some serious-minded fans did the pre-Internet equivalent , and launched a monthly magazine devoted to "  Twin Peaks , " called Wrapped in Plastic , the name derived from a key line of dialogue in the show . Had the Internet not been around for "  Breaking Bad , " we might have another magazine on our hands : Yeah Science , Bitch ! Instead , it is the very existence of new technology that has allowed new fans to find and embrace "  Breaking Bad " so fervently , and to dive into "  Homeland " so completely . Not only does the Internet , through fan and media sites , keep the focus on these shows and their ambitious story lines , but viewers can catch up by watching old episodes on streaming sites , or buying DVD sets . The constant , instant exposure helps , and so does the incessant media attention . But this infatuation with these dark dramas would n't occur if these TV series were n't as good as they are . Before I saw the pilot episode of "  Breaking Bad , " the written premise in the press release was so grim -- meek science teacher with pregnant wife and teen son learns he has terminal cancer , and starts making meth to provide a nest egg for his family -- I had never heard of a show I wanted to see less . Now , as it reaches its conclusion , I ca n't think of a show I 've ever wanted to see more . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Bianculli .	David Bianculli : Why are we so riveted by "  Breaking Bad " finale , "  Homeland " season premiere ? He says "  Sopranos " paved way for anti-heroes ; among those that followed , these two shine He says "  Bad " finale especially anticipated because it 's providing actual ending Bianculli : "  Homeland " still draws , but not as hot as "  Bad , " where interest built to fever pitch
CNN  -- Glynis Freeman stands on a tower balcony in nighttime London , peering down at the dizzying lights hundreds of feet below . The distant rumble of city traffic rises up from the streets . A gust of wind brushes her hair . Freeman smiles while swiveling her head in all directions to take in the view . "  That was cool , " she said a few minutes later . "  I want to go back to London . " That 's because Freeman was never physically in London . The Marietta , Georgia , woman was 4,000 miles away in an Atlanta hotel lobby , wearing a headset and trying out a demonstration of new technology that can place people in exotic virtual settings almost anywhere on the planet . It 's all part of a new experiment by Marriott , the global hotel chain , to let guests sample virtual destinations with the Oculus Rift , a headset whose high-definition , 3-D display immerses wearers in a lifelike interactive world . "  We really want to appeal to the next generation of travelers , " said Karen Olivares , director of global brand marketing for Marriott . Virtual travel is in its infancy and a long way from being mainstream . But the travel industry is intrigued by its potential , which goes far beyond Google Street View or online "  virtual tours " of hotels and resorts . The idea is not that virtual travel will replace real-world travel , because nobody in the industry would go for that . Instead , the travel industry hopes that people who sample virtual snippets of alluring vacations -- say , rafting the Grand Canyon or hiking the Great Wall of China -- will be persuaded to splurge on the real thing . Behind the Oculus Rift Driving this trend are next-generation systems such as the Oculus Rift and Sony 's Project Morpheus , which promise a leap forward in virtual-reality technology . The much-hyped Oculus Rift headset looks like something a skier or scuba diver might wear and fits snugly over the wearer 's face , paired with headphones . Its crisp 3D display immerses you in an interactive world -- a medieval village or a tropical jungle -- which you sometimes can navigate with the help of a game controller . The goggles come packed with a 100-degree field of view , extending beyond viewers ' peripheral vision . They have an accelerometer , gyroscope and compass to track the position of your head and sync the visuals to the direction where you are looking -- allowing Oculus to improve on the sometimes jerky visuals of other virtual-reality systems . The Oculus Rift was designed to enhance video gaming . But Facebook paid $ 2 billion for its maker , Oculus VR , in March , seeing the device as a potential future communication platform . One developer for the Oculus Rift is excited about the technology 's long-term potential to tranform travel . "  I could go for a run in the morning in some exotic beach and in the evening stroll the streets of some city ... I could be a virtual storm chaser close to a tornado and even travel deep in the ocean , " the developer wrote in an online forum . "  In fact these experiences will be so real , without risk , and of course cheap that I might actually have second thoughts about traveling ... Antarctica without the cold ... Jungles without the heat and bugs ... And people who will provide  this  content will make millions . " Virtual journeying Consumer versions of the Oculus Rift and Project Morpheus -- which works in much the same way -- are n't expected on the market until 2015 at the earliest . But that has n't stopped the travel industry from tinkering with prototypes . Thomas Cook , the international travel agency , announced a trial program in August that will allow customers at one of its stores in England to don Oculus Rifts and experience a flight on one of its airplanes or tour a Sentido resort . And Marriott has been touring U.S. cities this fall with its "  Teleporter , " a booth that invites visitors to climb inside , strap on an Oculus Rift and take a virtual tour of Wai'anapanapa Black Sand Beach in Maui and Tower 42 in London . Viewers watch a 90-second video produced by Framestore , the British creative studio that has done visual effects for "  Gravity " and other movies . To make the experiences feel more lifelike , fans in the booths blow soft breezes while misters recreate the feel of ocean spray . Whether such virtual-reality glimpses inspire someone to take a real trip remains to be seen . But visitors to the booths on a recent weekday in Atlanta came away impressed . "  That was truly amazing . It reminded me of something from ` Star Trek , ' " said Lisa Lewis of Monroe , Louisiana . "  London has always been a dream destination of mine . And just to get a feel for a place -- it was much more than I imagined . "	The travel industry is letting customers "  sample " potential trips through virtual reality Guests wear headsets such as the Oculus Rift and are immersed in a virtual world Marriott spokeswoman : "  We really want to appeal to the next generation of travelers "
London  CNN  -- While President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping enjoy the Californian sunshine this week , a different kind of heat threatens Xi in his troublesome backyard , Tibet . Nearly 120 Tibetans have doused themselves in gasoline and set themselves alight in protest against Chinese occupation and repression . Most have died . Theirs is not the only form of protest . In November , students gathered in their hundreds in Chabcha  known in Chinese as Gonghe  county , Qinghai province , to protest the use of Mandarin , rather than Tibetan , as the language of education . In April , unemployed Tibetan graduates in Machu county , Gansu province , protested that Chinese immigrants were taking jobs , while last month , thousands of Tibetans converged on a pilgrimage site on Naghla Dzambha mountain to prevent a Chinese company mining it . The default Chinese response to protest is to use force . In its official human rights report this year , the U.S. State Department described repression in Tibet as "  severe , " noting abuses such as "  extrajudicial killings , torture -LSB- and -RSB- arbitrary arrests . " In March , the chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee described Tibet as among the world 's "  most repressed and closed societies . " The cycle of repression and protest goes on . Just last week Tenzin Shirab , a 31-year-old nomad , died after setting himself on fire . In 2011 , the self-immolation of another young man , Mohamed Bouazizi in Tunisia , was said to be the catalyst for the Arab Spring , an outpouring of long-repressed desire for freedom that was hailed by world leaders . But you will search in vain for any stirring words on Tibetan freedom from President Obama or other world leaders . Western politicians perform a careful dance in relation to Tibet . Those who elect them want them to speak out for freedom and human rights ; China , reported to hold more than one-fifth of the United States ' total foreign-held debt , wants them to shut up . Realpolitik dictates appeasement : electoral politics requires tough talk . The result is a mess . There have been countless official "  expressions of concern " about the situation since the self-immolations started to spread two years ago , and we are constantly reassured that private channels are being used to apply pressure to China . Officials and junior ministers are permitted to issue calls for restraint . But there is a ceiling above which such statements do not go : leaders remain mute . President Obama has not publicly addressed the issue of human rights in Tibet since taking office . Secretary of State John Kerry has made one careful comment since his appointment , but there is no evidence he raised Tibet during his visit to China in April . China recently threatened commercial consequences for the UK unless Prime Minister David Cameron apologized for meeting the Dalai Lama in private last year . His response -- while falling short of an apology -- reassured them that the UK views Tibet as part of China , and failed to mention human rights at all . Sinologists -- and spin doctors -- in Washington or the UK 's Foreign and Commonwealth office may argue that Tibet will benefit from a sensitive approach . Late last year , however , two British government ministers who had been leaned on not to meet with the Dalai Lama for fear of offending China again , finally lost patience with that view , writing that "  where Tibet is concerned , the Chinese government does not respond positively to any conciliatory gesture ... but instead interprets this as a sign of weakness and so makes further demands for concessions . " What goes for London goes for Washington -- and Berlin , Paris and Ottawa for that matter . Western policy on Tibet is pleasing no one -- not China , not the electorates , and certainly not Tibetans . It must be changed . China 's economic engine is slowing , and Beijing is acutely conscious that without growth , its 1.3 billion people will be far less tolerant of continued dictatorship . Between 250 to 500 public protests are already estimated to take place every day in China -- foreign trade and investment will dry up if China starts to look like an unstable place to do business . Reform is in China 's interests . China also seeks legitimacy as a full member of the world community and is undoubtedly sensitive to criticism on human rights . This year , it seeks election to the U.N. 's Human Rights Council  HRC  . While economic muscle helps it win nations ' votes for the HRC election , it still needs to offer its potential voters some tokens of sincerity . More tellingly , China actually accepted 42 out of 99 recommendations to improve its performance on human rights following its last full human rights review by the UN in 2009 . In choosing not simply to reject that kind of external assessment , China has also accepted the need to demonstrate progress . It faces another such review this year . Beijing has not gone soft , however . It will not choose to show progress on Tibet , unless it is called to account for Tibet . No one expects President Obama to embarrass his guest this weekend with tasteless honesty or Arab Spring-style rhetoric on Tibet . But bringing Tibet to the table will show China and the American people he represents that he recognizes the old model has failed . China , the U.S. and Tibet all stand to benefit from that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eleanor Byrne-Rosengren .	Eleanor Byrne-Rosengren : Obama should raise issue of Tibet during meeting with Xi She says world leaders have been silent , despite wave of Tibetan self-immolations China has accepted the need to improve its human rights performance , she says "  China , the U.S. and Tibet all stand to benefit " from addressing the issue , she says
London , England  CNN  -- Three-time ATP World Tour Finals champion Boris Becker predicted on Monday that world number two Roger Federer will win the season-ending contest between the men 's top eight players , which takes place at the 02 Arena in London this week . After winning the Australian Open in January , the 16-time Grand Slam champion has had a disappointing season by his usual standards , failing to reach the final stage of the three other majors . But former world number one Becker has picked the Swiss to finish the year in style with victory at the event , and be crowned year-end champion . Federer has already had one win over seventh-ranked David Ferrer in the round-robin competition , and will face Great Britain 's Andy Murray on Tuesday and Sweden 's Robin Soderling on Thursday , before potentially progressing to the semifinal stage . "  He is a proud man , he really wants to end the year on a high and wants to show -LSB- world number one Rafael -RSB- Nadal that he is still going to be around for next year -- so I actually pick him to win the tournament , " the German , champion in1988 , 1992 and 1995 told CNN 's World Sport program . "  But it is very different to a Grand Slam here -- any match you play in could be a potential Grand Slam final so there are no easy matches . " The six-time major winner added that he did not expect Federer to dominate tennis in the way he has for the last few years , and could expect to be continually challenged by Spanish rival Nadal as well as the other top players . "  Nobody dominates like that for five or six years ; that was unusual . The fact that there is competition is good for tennis and for the audience -- you want to see tough rivalries . "  Nadal has had one of the greatest years of tennis ever , winning three Grand Slams -- this man is amazing . " Becker also said that he was impressed so far by the performance of Murray -- who beat Soderling in straight sets in his opening match -- despite the pressure on the Scot 's shoulders to win on home soil . "  I was surprised by the way he beat Soderling -- he played his best match in a while yesterday with the home crowd behind him . Andy played very well . "  Its more pressure for Murray playing here but you have got be able to handle the pressure to win . "	Boris Becker picks Roger Federer to win the ATP World Tour Finals Season-ending event takes place at the 02 Arena in London from 21-28 November German said that Federer will not dominate tennis in the future because of Nadal and other top players Three-time World Tour Finals champion added that Andy Murray has impressed so far on home soil
CNN  -- Two separate incidents at coal mines in Southwest China over the weekend left at least three miners dead and 42 trapped , state media reported . Days of heavy rain caused a mine at Niupeng in Guizhou province to flood on Saturday morning ; while "  rain-saturated earth on the surface collapsed into a shaft " at another pit in Guangxi around noon the same day , killing three miners , Xinhua said . The report added that more than 1,000 police , firemen , and paramilitary personnel joined the mission to rescue the trapped workers at Niupeng . By Monday the water level at the mine had dropped but was still 40 meters  131ft  higher than where 23 of the miners are believed trapped , according to reports from China National Radio . Local authorities said the heavy rain may have caused a previously dry river to rise , while possibly increasing the water level in underground rivers around the mines . According to Xinhua , the Niupeng mine 's investors have already been detained by the police . At Guangxi , high concentrations of gas prevented workers from using machines to dig out another 19 trapped miners trapped at a depth of 390 meters  1,200 ft  , China Daily said . 50 other miners were reported to have escaped the cave-in . Continued rain on Sunday further complicated the rescue effort , it added . "  The rescue team is only equipped with shovels and rail track cars " , Meng Qingguan , head of the Heshan Work Safety Bureau , told CCTV on Saturday . Mining accidents are not uncommon in China , as very few of the mines follow the government 's safety regulations . According to the State Administration of Coal Mine Safety  SACMS  , almost 2,500 miners were killed in mine accidents in 2010 . However , the head of SACMS , Zhao Tiechui , said Tuesday that the number of miners dead or missing from accidents had decreased by 35 % from last year , with just 807 dead so far in 2011 . Michele Philips contributed to this report .	42 miners remain trapped in the two coal mines in southwestern China Days of heavy rain caused a mine at Niupeng in Guizhou province to flood "  Rain-saturated earth on the surface collapsed into a shaft " at another pit in Guangxi
CNN  -- People who go to Daytona Beach , Florida , by car this weekend will probably wish they had n't -- they 'll definitely stand out in a crowd . Bobby Mitchell , left , and Sheila Justin enjoy Bike Week in Daytona Beach , Florida . The city is being taken over by half a million motorcycle enthusiasts enjoying Bike Week , which began Friday and will end Sunday . The economy may be in a recession , but bikers are n't passing up the chance to soak up some sun and rev up their engines for a few days in Florida for the biggest motorcycle event in the country . "  Every indication we 've had so far is that this year 's going to be a good one , " said Kevin Kilian , senior vice president of the Daytona Beach/Halifax Area Chamber of Commerce . The chamber is the managing arm of the city 's involvement in Bike Week , a 10-day event that Kilian said takes an entire year to prepare for . Events like Bike Week and its little brother , Biketoberfest , are what keep Daytona Beach running , Kilian said . With 8.5 million visitors each year , special events bring in about $ 1.3 billion . The two biker events alone generate $ 650 million of that , he said . The festival did n't always pack in a half-million people , though . In 1988 , said Paul Crow , the Daytona Beach police chief at the time , the event had morphed into something very different from what it was when it started . He said he had to battle what he called "  the 1 percent problem " -- the small group of gangs whose viciousness and threats against outsiders had allowed them to take over Bike Week . He decided he would n't have any more of their troublemaking , Crow said , so he created a task force that evolved into the office of special investigations for the Daytona Beach Police . Its specific purpose was to deal with the problem . Today , Bike Week has been restored as family-friendly event . The event has even drawn in other nearby Central Florida communities -- including Ormond Beach in the north and Port Orange and New Smyrna in the south -- giving bikers more events to attend and places to go . Bike Week caters to a wide demographic of people . "  These are people with a lot of disposable income , " Kilian said . "  They can afford a $ 30,000 toy . " Factors like the economy and this year 's long hard winter probably got people more excited about Bike Week because it 's a chance to get away , he said . "  Everybody needs a break . " Ken Logan , 50 , a radio producer from Orlando , Florida , has been going to Bike Week for four years . He said he goes to "  keep updated on motorcycle stuff as far as styles , what 's done to them , meet people who enjoy bikes , to get patches and all the toy stuff , so to speak , and enjoy other people who enjoy the same thing . " The ride from Orlando is only 35 minutes , and he said that 's half the fun . "  Everybody should go -- whether you have a bike or not -- at least once , just to take it in and see what it 's about , " Logan said . Bobby Mitchell , 52 , also a radio producer in Orlando , grew up in Daytona Beach and has been going to Bike Week his entire life . He said it 's been more fun in recent years , though . "  It 's more fun when you actually have a motorcycle , " he said . "  You get out there and ride alongside people . You 're part of the roar , the noise . " Not only is Bike Week becoming more family-friendly , but it 's more diverse as well , with more women participants , said Kathleen Tolleson , president and CEO of Roar Motorcycles . There 's even a "  sisterhood bikeride " in which 35 to 50 women ride together . Daytona Beach-based Roar Motorcycles specifically markets accessories and motorcycles for women . This year , Tolleson said , the company is unveiling a new motorcycle designed by women and made specifically for women and their needs . "  It 's becoming more culturally acceptable , so more and more women are riding . " she said . The bike has a lower seat so that a woman can use her legs and hips when picking the bike off the stand , and can put her feet firmly on the ground when stopped . Most bikes are designed for men , who have more upper body strength and longer limbs . "  Women , " she said , "  need a lower center of gravity . " The company is taking orders now , and the bikes will be available in six to nine months .	Bike Week in Daytona Beach , Florida , began Friday and ends Sunday Bike Week caters to a wide demographic of people Bike Week and Biketoberfest generate $ 650 million , official says
CNN  -- Based on Mick Jagger 's serious expression and Keith Richards ' focused stare , it was clear the pressure was on . It was the summer of 1972 , and the Rolling Stones were on their American concert tour for their acclaimed "  Exile on Main Street " album . But when they were not onstage and rocking out with their fans , they were hard at work remixing tracks at the Sunset Sound studio in Hollywood . It was a heady time filled with parties and recording sessions and only one person was there to capture it all intimately -- famed music photographer Jim Marshall , who was covering the tour for Life magazine . Now the estate of Marshall is releasing some of the never-before-seen photos of the band in a new book "  The Rolling Stones 1972 "  Chronicle Books  , out on August 15 . There will also be a show at New York 's Steven Kasher Gallery from July 5 to September 8 , and an exhibit at EMP Museum in Seattle , opening on July 14 . Some of these frames are being displayed exclusively on the CNN Photos blog . The release could n't have had better timing as the Rolling Stones recently announced plans to mark their 50th anniversary this year . Amelia Davis , a photographer who worked as Marshall 's assistant , is the sole owner of Jim Marshall Photography .  Marshall died in 2010 .  Working with Marshall to archive his work allowed her to listen to Marshall 's many stories and delve into his memories . Davis told CNN that what made Marshall 's shots unique was that he always demanded total access to the rock stars . "  He really was everywhere with the musicians on the tour bus or offstage , " Davis said . "  He always had his camera with him . People ignored the camera in a sense . It was an extension of him . He had the ability to be a fly on the wall . " Marshall 's ability to camouflage without disturbing the band 's dynamic also allowed him to experience the touring life of the Rolling Stones , Davis said . "  It really set the precedent for the rock star concert tour , " she said . "  They had their own plane , lots of drugs , lots of alcohol . It was just crazy . There was a lot going on . " Davis said that Marshall 's strong personality , fierce passion for music and his drive to get the best pictures while maintaining a sense of camaraderie made him relatable to musicians such as Richards . "  He was their friend , " she said . "  He partied with them . He had their trust . As Keith said in the foreword of the book , on the tour he was like another Rolling Stone . " But Marshall most enjoyed capturing those quiet moments , when the musicians took off their performer masks and were just themselves , she said . One only has to look at photos of Jagger onstage and off it to see the different personas . "  Mick was very business-oriented , " Davis said . "  Mick was much more serious than Keith . That 's what a lot of people do n't realize is that he was the businessman of the band . " Davis said that while Marshall spent a short time following the Stones , it was enough to create a bond with some of the members , especially Richards . But the most important task for Marshall during his career , whether it was the Beatles ' final concert in 1966 or Jimi Hendrix 's performance during the Monterey Pop Festival in 1967 , was to capture the feeling of music , a task that could seem quite impossible . "  Jim was always trying to show the true face of whatever he photographed , " Davis said . "  He shattered stereotypes of what rock stars are supposed to look like . He said , ' I was a historian with a camera and I did n't know it . ' He was photographing pieces of history . "	Jim Marshall photographed the Rolling Stones during their American concert tour in 1972 Marshall 's estate shares unseen photos in a new book , gallery show and museum exhibit Some of these frames are being exclusively displayed on CNN 's photo blog
CNN  -- A Mexican beauty queen was killed during a weekend shootout in Sinaloa , a northern state known for drug-fueled violence , authorities said Monday . Maria Susana Flores Gamez , 20 , was the 2012 Woman of Sinaloa . She was killed Saturday in a gun battle between military troops and suspected criminals in the municipality of Mocorito . Two others were also killed . Sinaloa State Attorney General Marco Antonio Higuera said a rifle was found near the beauty queen 's body , but it was not clear whether she had fired it . It was also not clear who shot her . "  All we know is that it happened during a confrontation that the army had with criminals , and that she was with the group of criminals , " he told reporters , according to a transcript from his office . Four people were detained , he said , and authorities seized various weapons , drugs and vehicles . Flores Gamez was a student of communications . She was crowned Woman of Sinaloa in February , beating more than a dozen young women for the title . In addition to the Woman of Sinaloa pageant , Flores Gamez had participated in the 2012 Our Sinaloa Beauty contest . Organizers of that pageant released a statement upon news of her death , offering condolences to the family , which received her body Monday . "  We are dismayed by the news -- a beautiful young person , happy , and with a big future ahead of her , " the pageant organizers said . "  Rest in peace Susy . " The beauty queen is not the first in Mexico to make headlines for something other than her good looks . In 2008 , Laura Zuniga , who was then the reigning Our Sinaloa Beauty , was taken into custody along with seven men . They had been traveling in two vehicles that contained AR-15 assault rifles , 38 specials , 9mm handguns , cartridges and $ 50,000 in cash , Luis Carlos Najera Gutierrez de Velazco , secretary of public security for the state of Jalisco , said then . She was subsequently released . More than 47,500 people have died across Mexico in drug-related violence since December 2006 , when President Felipe Calderon took office and announced plans to deploy federal troops to help the government 's fight against organized crime . According to Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission , more than 5,300 people have disappeared throughout the country in that same time , and the bodies of 9,000 dead have not been identified . Police in Arizona arrest 20 , dismantle drug trafficking cell of Sinaloa Cartel Texas grand jury indicts Sinaloa cartel leaders Sinaloa cartel members named kingpins Eight bodies found in northern state of Chihuahua CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Authorities seize vehicles , weapons and drugs ; four people are detained Maria Susana Flores Gamez , 20 , was crowned 2012 Woman of Sinaloa in Febraury A rifle was found near the beauty queen 's body , says the Sinaloa state attorney general
CNN  -- A fire station in a historic area of Philadelphia caught on fire Friday morning , said Battalion Chief Michael Richey . Around 11:30 a.m. on Friday , calls came in to report a fire at the "  Benjamin Franklin Firehouse " on the corner of Arch and Fouth streets in historic Old City Philadelphia . The firehouse sits on a block between the Betsy Ross house and Benjamin Franklin 's tomb , Richey said . No injuries were reported and great efforts were made to ensure that no historical landmarks were damaged by the fire , Richey said . The cause of the fire is still under investigation , but it is believed to have originated in a medic unit on the ground level of the firehouse , Richey said . "  There was significant damage to the firehouse and the apparatus floor area , and the medic unit looks like the engine area is completely lost , " said Richey , who said the blaze was put out in nine minutes . Forty firefighters and eight fire trucks responded to the scene , including the engine 's own firefighters , who were out on a training mission when the fire started , Richey said . Efforts to repair the damaged firehouse are already underway , but it is unknown when the fire station will reopen , Richey said . Although the firehouse is in a historical area , the firehouse itself is not considered a historical landmark , and was built in the 1970s , according to Richey .	"  Benjamin Franklin Firehouse " catches fire in historic neighborhood Fire thought to have started in a medic unit on the ground level It was put out in nine minutes , fire chief says
CNN  -- Australia has a new prime minister . And its first female premier , defeated in a decisive vote 57-45 in favor of the man she ousted in 2010 , has now resigned . With observers suggesting her government faces a landslide defeat in September 's election , Prime Minister Julia Gillard was very much a leader under siege from within her own ranks when she called for a leadership ballot . "  I would n't be putting myself forward unless I had a degree of confidence about the support of my colleagues , " she told Australia 's Sky News in an exclusive interview ahead of Wednesday 's ballot . Gillard added that she would retire from politics if she lost the vote and the support of her parliamentary colleagues . She urged whoever challenged her to do the same . Gillard did not however name Kevin Rudd who promised to exit political life if he failed to win the support of his parliamentary colleagues . The change in the leadership of the Australian Labor Party comes a little over three years since Gillard toppled Kevin Rudd in a coup dubbed "  the night of the long knives , " and backed by key party power brokers . That was June 24 , 2010 . Gillard went into a federal election in August 2010 with the Labor Party failing to win an outright majority in the parliament . She has since ruled with the support of three independents and a Green Party member . But the political and public disquiet over the toppling of a sitting prime minister never abated . Hugely popular among Australians , Rudd , then foreign minister , challenged Gillard for the leadership in February 2012 . He overwhelmingly lost the ballot and was relegated to the backbenches . Gillard 's strength of character has consistently been on display throughout her leadership . As leader , she is widely acknowledged to have deftly dealt with the challenges of a hung parliament . Her government has formulated and negotiated several critical pieces of legislation : a national disability insurance scheme and , on the day she lost power , a new formula to fund government schools . Her feisty performance in parliament in October 2012 , when she described opposition leader Tony Abbott as a misogynist , won her much admiration around the world . But among voters at home , she has experienced a steady decline in popularity . In the past two weeks , polls showed her government would be overwhelmingly defeated in the election she had called for September 14 . If the poll numbers hold through to the election , more than 30 Labor members of parliament will lose their seats . The slings and arrows rarely stopped coming throughout her three-year tenure -- with much of the criticism becoming personal . Gillard has been criticized over her voice  described by many as nasal and monotone  , the length of her nose , her fashion choices , and even her figure . Whether Australians found it difficult to accept a female prime minister or not , her leadership placed sexism , particularly in public life , firmly on the agenda . Gillard put the issue of misogyny back under the spotlight three weeks ago when she spoke to a new "  Women for Gillard " support group and questioned if the opposition coalition would re-open the abortion issue in Australia if it won power in September . State , rather than federal , law governs abortion . Many Labor party backbenchers openly criticized Gillard for re-opening the issue , along with high profile feminists . It was viewed largely as a political stunt as was her reference in the same speech to the opposition coalition 's "  men in blue ties , " who she said would banish women from political life . The speech saw a 7 % decrease in support for her Labor Party in a poll subsequently released . But the sexism issue also proved to be as damaging for political opponents -- particularly when the menu at a Liberal Party fundraiser recently was leaked to the media . It described a main meal of quail with "  small breasts , huge thighs and a big red box . " Strongly condemned by opposition leader Tony Abbott , and despite denials that the menu was written as a joke by the owner of the restaurant where the fundraiser was to be held and was not endorsed by the Liberal Party , "  Menu-gate " as it became known , added credence to Gillard 's argument . In the same week , while in Western Australia to discuss her reforms to education funding , Gillard was asked by a radio shock jock whether her partner , Tim Mathieson , a former hairdresser , was homosexual . The implication of the question was that her relationship was a sham given Gillard 's refusal to marry , which has played poorly among some voters . "  Well , that 's absurd , " responded Gillard . Howard Sattler who was later sacked . "  You hear it ! He must be gay ; he 's a hairdresser , " Sattler continued . Shortly afterward the shock jock was suspended by his employer over the interview A few days later , another radio announcer criticized Gillard for showing too much cleavage . "  I do n't think it 's appropriate for a prime minister to be showing her cleavage in parliament ... I just think it is inappropriate . I do n't want to see any politician 's flesh in parliament , " Grace Collier told an ABC Radio program . Following these comments , Gillard 's army of female supporters took to posting photographs of their breasts on Twitter using the hashtag "  convoyofcleavage . " But over the past two weeks , Gillard 's staunchest parliamentary and ministerial supporters have declared their continued support for her . As her popularity among voters waned , Rudd took to the streets where reaction to his every appearance was of a rock star proportion . Rudd consistently denied he would challenge Gillard for the leadership . He was a "  no show " in March this year when Gillard reacted to leadership chatter by calling a ballot that was not contested . But on Wednesday , as his supporters gathered signatures to a petition calling for another ballot , he changed his mind . He said Australians wanted a real choice . "  At present , they do n't feel as if they have got one , " Rudd told a news conference ahead of the ballot . "  They are frustrated and angry that we are leaving them with little choice other than to vote for Mr Abbott . " Widely credited with having steered Australia through the global financial crisis , Rudd told the conference Australia needed his steady economic leadership because the country 's resources boom was ending . "  Given our economic relationship with China accounts for 10 % of our economy this is a massive challenge , " Rudd said . "  Diversification is essential for Australia if we are to protect our jobs and maintain our living standards . " Rudd also promised he would not seek retribution against any of his parliamentary colleagues who , since the last leadership ballot he lost in March 2012 have paraded their disdain for him . He said he would embrace those wanted to continue working with him and would thank those who refused , for their services . The decision to change leader may now trigger a constitutional crisis if the country 's Governor General demands proof that the Mandarin speaking Kevin Rudd can harness the support of the parliament .	Australian PM 's Labor Party voted her out of its leadership for former premier Kevin Rudd Monica Attard : Julia Gillard was "  a leader under siege " when she called for a leadership ballot Gillard 's strength of character was on display throughout her leadership , writes Attard The first female premier placed sexism firmly on the agenda , says Attard
Brooklyn , New York  CNN  -- We all have things that we ca n't stand but must routinely put up with . Here are a few of mine : slow elevators , outrageous bank fees and being asked the question , "  Where are you from ? " Everybody hates the first two , but why am I so opposed to the last one ? For starters , I know the impatient looks that will follow when I answer with where I live  Brooklyn  or where I grew up  Canada  , or where I was born  Switzerland  . That last one , by the way , really seems to throw people for a loop .  My parents were graduate students in Zürich when I landed on this earth .  What often follows next is that the person asking me the question either congratulates me on speaking English well or , confused by my answers , looks at me like I do n't understand English . The next question , though , is always the same : But where are you really from ? Of course I know what they mean , and the people who ask me this  almost  never have any real malice in mind . They 're not saying I could n't possibly be American . Rather , something about me -- perhaps my name or the color of my skin -- has lit their curiosity . Still , I 've always resented the question because it implies that I can only really and authentically be one thing , the one thing , incidentally , that I had no choice in choosing and have no power to change . I do n't want to be misunderstood . Like millions of other Americans , I , too , have a hyphenated identity . Left of the hyphen , I 'm Egyptian , and a very proud one to boot . But that 's not all I am . I 'm also a writer , a professor , a Muslim , a German speaker , a passionate  but terrible  singer , a lousy swimmer , a New Yorker , an Arab , the youngest of three children , a drinker of way too much coffee , a lover of W.B. Yeats ' poetry , a hater of injustice , a husband , a frequent flyer , and , according to my wife , a person in some serious denial that he 's getting older . The question "  Where are you from ? " may help others locate me , but it will never describe me . It used to be the case that after I told people about my origins , I would invariably hear a wish to visit the pyramids or be asked my thoughts regarding certain Anne Rice novels . Yet lately , the reaction has changed . Now , after telling people I 'm Egyptian , I can almost see the news headlines and maps of the Middle East overlapping in their mind , and I 'm usually confronted with a statement like this : "  Oh .  Long pause .  Hey , I have nothing against Muslims . " That 's precisely what a man I met in an Ohio restaurant recently told me . It was his pause that , well , gave me pause . Today , identity is too easily turned into a rallying cry for purity and violence . Think of the lunatics of al-Qaeda , like Adam Gadahn , who recently called on American Muslims to attack their own country . Al-Qaeda will never accept that Muslims  or Americans  can be more than what al-Qaeda determines them to be . Likewise , the anti-Muslim chorus led by people like Dutch politician Geert Wilders , who calls Islam a "  retarded culture , " want to pigeonhole us into diametrically opposing identities that necessarily have to careen into conflict with each other . But this is nonsense . I know it because I live the many facets of my identity every day without succumbing to my own internal civil war . Millions of other Americans do , too . A few years ago , I heard a useful way of thinking about identity . I was in Ramallah , addressing a group of Palestinian university students , and with me was François Burgat , the eminent French scholar of the Arab World . Burgat began his talk about identity with a metaphor , asking the audience to imagine they were invited to a big international pot luck dinner . All the guests have brought their national foods to share . At that moment , our differences are the only things that matter , since from the differences in taste comes flavor . But if a fire were suddenly to consume that same house , trapping a baby in the flames , no sane person would hesitate to save that baby , regardless of its origin . In our choices for survival , our similarities simply must outweigh our differences . Burgat 's metaphor strikes me as a particularly powerful way of thinking about the United States . Yes , there are people around today trying to start that fire , but I 'm confident they are a few in an increasingly complex nation of over 300 million people , each of us with multiple identities . It 's up to us to douse the flames of hatred and intolerance before they start , keeping the party that is the United States going . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Moustafa Bayoumi . © 2009 AOL , LLC . All Rights Reserved .	Moustafa Bayoumi : Like many Americans , I have a hyphenated identity He says he 's of Egyptian descent but that does n't fully describe him Bayoumi was born in Switzerland , raised in Canada and now lives in New York He says , "  Today , identity is too easily turned into a rallying cry for purity and violence . "
New York  CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy left the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island national monuments with enough infrastructure damage to keep them closed , the National Park Service said Wednesday . Both locations have been closed since October 29 , when a rare mix of converging , destructive weather made landfall in the Northeast . At Liberty Island in New York Harbor , both the visitor and National Park Service docks sustained significant damage , the agency said . On Ellis Island in Upper New York Bay , water filled the basement of the Immigration Building , while there was also significant damage to mechanical systems and the building 's fire suppression system . It is not clear when both locations will reopen . Despite Sandy , Queens family is giving thanks Volunteers help Sandy victims start over	Both locations have been closed October 29 At Liberty Island , both the visitor and National Park Service docks sustained significant damage It is not clear when both locations will reopen
Hong Kong  CNN  A woman in central China has been prosecuted for selling her newborn baby for $ 7,000 , state media reports said , the latest of a string of shocking cases that have shed light on the country 's trade in children . The 30-year-old woman , surnamed Huang , allegedly colluded with an obstetrician , Yang , in Xinxiang county , Henan province , to sell the baby boy , according to details published in the Procuratorial Daily , a legal publication . Yang sold the baby boy to a couple in the same county for 42,000 yuan . She gave 35,000 yuan to Huang and kept 7,000 yuan for herself , the report said . The case came to light in August after the boy 's grandmother alerted police . The grandmother said Huang had left the village to go to her parents ' home after quarreling with her husband . When Huang returned two weeks later , she said the baby had died but the grandmother grew suspicious as her daughter-in-law did n't seem sad . A relative then discovered that the boy had been sold . Huang had a son from a previous marriage and thought a new baby would be bad for the elder child , reports said . The boy is now in the care of his father 's family . Child trafficking is a long-standing problem in China . A traditional preference for sons and the country 's one-child policy means that boys are particularly prized . Earlier this month , a Chinese man who was abducted from a vegetable market as a toddler enjoyed an emotional reunion with his father after 24 years apart . The news came the same week police said they had busted a trafficking ring involving at least 103 people , and rescued 37 newborn babies that were transported in handbags and suitcases to prospective buyers . According to the U.S. State Department 's 2014 Trafficking in Persons Report , China does not fully comply with the recommended minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking ; however , the report says it is making significant efforts to do . Two kids ? Thanks but no say some Chinese CNN Beijing intern Harvard Zihao Zhang contributed to this report .	A woman in central China has been prosecuted for selling her newborn baby for $ 7,000 The 30-year-old woman , surnamed Huang , allegedly colluded with a obstetrician The case came to light in August after the boy 's grandmother alerted police
Legislators in the capital of China 's restive far-western Xinjiang province passed a law Wednesday to prohibit residents from wearing burqas in public , state media reported Thursday , highlighting the government 's continued campaign against religious extremism . The new ban in Urumqi was first reported on ts.cn , a Xinjiang government-run website , and later widely published by other state media outlets . The ordinance name suggests it targets outer garments covering someone 's full body including the face , which is called a burqa in some Islamic traditions . A spate of recent violent incidents has rocked Xinjiang , a resource-rich region long inhabited by the Turkic-speaking , largely Muslim Uyghurs . The arrival of waves of Han Chinese , the country 's predominant ethnic group , over the past decades has fueled ethnic tensions . Chinese officials have blamed the recent attacks on Uyghur separatists -- whom they also label "  religious extremists " -- seeking to establish an independent state . The ts.cn story mentioned the Urumqi law was submitted to the provincial legislature for final approval before it could be implemented . In August , another city in Xinjiang banned people wearing Islamic-style clothing and large beards from riding public buses during a provincial sporting event , according to state media . News reports at the time said Karamay city authorities targeted veils , large beards , as well as three types of Islamic dresses -- including those with the star and crescent symbol . Dozens of bus stations in the city were said to be manned by security personnel to conduct checks and report violators to the police . While the measures in Karamay did n't openly single out Uyghurs , exiled Uyghur rights groups have condemned them , calling the ban a "  green light " for racism and discrimination . Those restrictions came a month after authorities in Xinjiang banned students and civil servants from fasting during Ramadan , the Muslim holy month . Amnesty International has said Uyghurs face widespread discrimination in employment , housing and educational opportunities , as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization . Other critics , including exiled Uyghur activists , have attributed the rise of violence in Xinjiang to Beijing 's increasingly repressive rule there -- a claim the government vehemently denies . On Monday , a court in Urumqi convicted more than a dozen suspects with Uyghur-sounding names for their roles in two separate violent attacks in the city earlier this year . Eight people were sentenced to death , while five others received suspended death sentences .	Capital of Xinjiang province passes law to ban wearing burqa in public A spate of violent incidents has rocked Xinjiang , long inhabited by the largely Muslim Uyghurs Arrival of waves of Han Chinese over the past decades has fueled ethnic tensions
CNN  -- Video producer 's note : You 've heard of 3-D printing , the process of using a specialized printer to create real-world objects from computer models . Now there 's something new on the horizon that could revolutionize this burgeoning technology : 4-D printing . At TED 2013 , senior fellow Skylar Tibbits sat down with CNN Ideas to further explain this mysterious fourth dimension in printing technology . He also provided us with visual examples from his Self-Assembly Lab , MIT . See how it all works in the video above . What uses do you see for 4-D printing , if any ? Note : This is project is a collaboration between Stratasys Inc. and the Self-Assembly Lab , MIT .	Skylar Tibbits spoke at TED 2013 about 4-D printing Tibbits : "  The idea behind 4-D printing is to have change over time " 4-D printing could create robotics without wires or motors
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A woman identified as a Saudi Arabian princess has been accused of holding a domestic servant against her will at her condominium in Irvine , California . Meshael Alayban , 42 , faces one felony count of human trafficking . Court details released Thursday say Alayban is one of the wives of Saudi Prince Abdulrahman bin Nasser bin Abdulaziz al Saud . Alayban appeared in an Orange County court in Santa Ana on Thursday , and the judge continued the arraignment until July 29 . In the courtroom , Alayban was kept inside a cage-like holding space and spoke with her attorney through the wire webbing . Alayban is being held in the Orange County jail in lieu of $ 5 million bail . She faces a maximum sentence of 12 years if convicted . Official : Human trafficking probe at Saudi diplomat 's home Police say the servant is a 30-year-old woman , originally from Kenya , who managed to escape Tuesday and flag down a bus . A passenger helped her contact the Irvine Police Department . Investigators say the alleged victim had contracted to work with Alayban 's family in Saudi Arabia in March 2012 . Her salary was set at $ 1,600 a month for working eight hours a day , five days a week . But once she arrived in Saudi Arabia , the servant says , her passport was taken from her . She also says she was paid only $ 220 a month and forced to work 16 hours a day , seven days a week . Alayban 's attorney , Paul S. Meyer , indicated in a statement , however , that the incident is essentially a labor dispute . Meyer told the court during the bail hearing that "  the police report confirms that there was no physical abuse , no physical restraint , and that the complaints were about hours worked and wages paid , " according to his statement . "  We intend to fully investigate all facts , and expect that the truth will resolve this matter , " Meyer 's statement said . Police say Alayban 's family traveled to the United States in May with the alleged victim and four women from the Philippines under similar contracts . Armed with a search warrant , Irvine detectives and immigration and homeland security agents later found the four other women in the condominium , a news release from police and the Orange County District Attorney 's Office says . Police say all five women are in good health , and at this time , there are no indications of physical abuse . This is the first forced labor human trafficking case to be prosecuted in Orange County under California 's Proposition 35 , which passed in November and increased the penalty for human trafficking . Read more : Hong Kong man convicted of human trafficking in Canada CNN 's Stella Chan contributed to this report .	NEW : Princess 's lawyer indicates incident is a labor dispute over wages and hours NEW : Her attorney points out "  there was no physical abuse , no physical restraint " Meshael Alayban faces one felony count of human trafficking Her alleged victim is a 30-year-old Kenyan woman who worked for her , police say
CNN  -- Throughout his prolific career Mel Brooks has gone by many titles -- actor , filmmaker , producer , songwriter -- but comedy is the epicenter of his life , drawing together his early work on TV shows like "  Your Show of Shows " and "  Get Smart , " with his notable career in film with movies like "  The Producers , " "  Young Frankenstein " and "  Blazing Saddles , " a few of which have been translated to the Broadway stage . Brooks , now 86 , has won numerous awards and is presently one of only 14 people to receive the coveted EGOT  Emmy , Grammy , Oscar and Tony  . On May 20 PBS will premiere a documentary on Brooks , "  American Masters Mel Brooks : Make A Noise , " a film directed by Robert Trachtenberg that chronicles Brooks ' career and lasting influence . The film , which recently premiered at The Paley Center in Los Angeles , where Brooks was joined by longtime collaborator and friend Carl Reiner , is an exhaustive look at the continually hilarious -- and often moving -- output of a filmmaker and writer who is largely responsible for the tone of contemporary comedy . Brooks spoke with CNN at Brooks Films , a humble second-floor office in The Culver Studios in Los Angeles where the filmmaker still works , about what it means to have your life compressed into a 90-minute documentary . For Brooks , who keeps all his awards gathered on a table behind his desk , the film is a way to understand his own impact and to see that his story , which may continue with a Broadway version of "  Blazing Saddles , " has been meaningful to so many . CNN : What does it feel like to have someone create a film that recaps your entire life ? Mel Brooks : You know , it 's lucky I 'm smart because I understand it . If I did n't understand it I 'd be very angry . Like , "  You left out New York ! " Big swaths of my life were completely left out , but it 's OK . CNN : Had you worked with the director prior to this film ? Brooks : Yeah , he took some beautiful pictures of me and my friend Carl Reiner . Sweet , wonderful pictures . He 's just a great photographer . I had heard of him as a director , but I did n't know what he had directed . I saw one thing he had directed and I said , "  That 's the guy ! " He did -LSB- an "  American Masters " -RSB- on Gene Kelly . It was beautiful . It caught the essence of Gene Kelly . CNN : As someone who tells stories for a living , do you have a sense of what your own narrative is ? Brooks : I had five aunts and one uncle on my mother 's side -- just on my mother 's side . Uncle Joe was the only boy . This is crazy , but let me explain . If you were to try to do the story of Uncle Joe the cab driver , and the various celebrities or passengers he picked up , you could n't do it totally and correctly in an hour and a half . And that 's just Uncle Joe , a cab driver . So how are you going to do Mel Brooks ? I made a movie in Yugoslavia ! Would n't that be an hour and a half if I just talked about "  The Twelve Chairs " and how it came together ? CNN : When you look back over your career , does one film stand out as the one you 're most proud of ? Brooks : The only thing that really stands out is the miracle of the firstborn . That miracle is represented in "  The Producers . " They actually encouraged me and gave me the money to make a movie . And it was born . Of course , it was killed almost in childbirth by The New York Times . Renata Adler , she stuck a half of a scissor in my neck and gave me one of the worst reviews . It was my first movie . But I was lucky . The newspapers were not that kind and I thought I 'd have to go back and do television where I 'd had success . But then the magazines , about a month later , came out and they saved me . And they saved my confidence in myself . I knew I could make a funny movie . CNN : Do you feel like you were able to take on all the different film styles and genres in your work ? Brooks : No , not everything . I have n't covered -- which is a big swath of movies -- a light , romantic movie comedy . Girl-meets-boy type . It was never a primary interest . I was always more interested in history or Broadway . CNN : Is there something you still hope to achieve ? Brooks : I like the music in "  Blazing Saddles " and I think it would make a good musical . It already has two or three musical numbers , so I 'm thinking , maybe . If it keeps pestering me maybe I 'll write it . You write things out because they bother you and you just want to get rid of that thing in your head . So you create something to get rid of it . CNN : There seems to be an agreement that your work set the stage for modern comedy -- does that feel true ? Brooks : I think I 'm the father of "  Spamalot " and "  Book of Mormon " -LSB- on Broadway -RSB- . Because for 20 years Broadway was serious . I loved "  Anything Goes , " which I saw at 9 years old , and I liked "  Guys and Dolls . " I just liked musical comedy and it was n't around . So when David Geffen bothered me morning , noon and night to make a musical of "  The Producers " I said , "  No , no , no , no , yes . " And I did it and part of why I did it was my duty to bring back the musical comedy . CNN : Do you have any scripts sitting around that have never actually been made into movies ? Brooks : I think maybe two , of all the stuff I 've ever written that I never pursued again to get made . They were done very early . Before "  The Producers , " when I had no reputation , I did a script called "  Marriage Is A Dirty Rotten Fraud . " It 's about a guy who gets divorced and the only way out of his big alimony payments is if his ex-wife gets married again . But she has n't met anybody and it 's been going on two years , all he 's got left in his life is a grapefruit plant . He has no money . Every penny he makes goes to the alimony . So he decides to make a fictitious character -- he knows what she likes -- and wear a beard and marry her and then disappear in a drowning accident or something and be off the hook . I never got it sold . CNN : When you look back over your work , have you found that there 's something universally true of a good joke ? Brooks : Yes -- I think its reference has to not be an incident , but a condition . I think a good joke always refers to the human condition , to how our dreams fall apart or how we expect something and it does n't happen . A good joke translates in human experience . Maybe not necessarily based on a movie or based on anything -- it does n't have to parody anything . A good joke is a human event . "  American Masters Mel Brooks : Make A Noise " premieres on PBS Monday May 20 at 9 p.m. EST/PST . A DVD with bonus material will be available Tuesday May 21 from Shout Factory .	Comedy legend Mel Brooks is the subject of a new PBS documentary airing May 20 Brooks may be working on a musical version of "  Blazing Saddles " He says the key to a good joke is to always refer to the human condition
CNN  -- A Massachusetts woman is calling Lt. Gov. Tim Murray a hero for helping her two grandchildren to safety after the minivan in which they were riding caught fire . Murray was driving Tuesday evening in Worcester , Massachusetts , where he lives , according to a statement from the governor 's office . " -LSB- He -RSB- noticed a parked minivan with a tire on fire . The Lt. Governor pulled over , dialed 911 , and as he was doing so , heard a nearby individual scream that there were children in the vehicle , " according to the statement . "  The Lt. Governor approached the vehicle and helped the children get out safely to their grandmother , who was nearby . " Firefighters extinguished the fire . "  The Lt. Governor is happy that everyone is safe , " the statement said . Ruth-Ann Manozzi told CNN Boston affiliate WHDH she had pulled over to pick up a friend . As Manozzi got out of the minivan to inform her friend of her arrival , Murray drove by and noticed her tire was on fire , the station reported . According to Manozzi , the fire was spreading and Murray , a former mayor of the city , dumped a pail of water on the tire . His rescue attempt frightened the minivan occupants at first , however . "  And there 's this man trying to force open the car door , and the kids are locking it . The first thing you think is someone 's trying to get into your car , " Manozzi told WHDH . "  I was gon na smack him . I yelled , ` Get away from my car ! ' " said Manozzi . Murray , who helped pull the children out of the minivan after they unlocked the doors , downplayed his actions Wednesday . "  I 'm lucky she did n't punch me in the nose , " Murray said . "  Like any good grandmother , she was worried about her kids ' safety . "	Lt. Gov. Tim Murray of Massachusetts saw a van tire on fire He assisted and pulled two children from the van as fire spread Grandmother Ruth-Ann Manozzi calls him a hero for his actions
CNN  -- The Syrian war has never been a simple fight between good rebels and evil government forces , and the United Nations has said so several times in the past . But this week , U.N. investigators released a particularly detailed and horrific report that slams both sides , accusing rebels fighting to oust President Bashar al-Assad of murder , rape , torture and forced disappearances . Government forces and the rebels have violated international humanitarian law in the two-year war , said Paulo Pinheiro , chairman of the U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Syria . "  The war displays all the signs of a destructive stalemate , " he told the U.N. Security Council this week . "  If the national , regional and international actors fail to find a solution to the conflict and stop the agony of millions of civilians , " Pinheiro warned , "  the alternative will be the political , economic and social destruction of Syria and its society , with devastating implications for the region and the world . " The lengthy report is based on information from 443 interviews that U.N. investigators conducted inside Syria . One of the more disturbing passages details rebels and government forces recruiting boys as young as 12 . Children under 18 are seized at checkpoints , and government-affiliated militia use sectarian affiliation , kinship systems and cash to cajole children into their ranks , the paper notes . The government has used children as informants , but both they and rebels punish children who act as informants by killing them , the report says . An uncorroborated video , investigators say , seems to show a child associated with an anti-government group beheading a prisoner . The report says rebels frequently use schools as barracks or offices , children have taken up arms to fight and rebels have used them as lookouts . In other violations , both groups have also targeted typically off-limits groups like medical workers and indiscriminately shelled each other , killing innocents caught in the crossfire . Two million Syrians have been internally displaced , and more than 4 million need humanitarian aid , the investigators found . The United Nations has repeatedly called for more serious and sustained international attention to Syria and a diplomatic end to the fighting . But the war has affected the body itself . Last week , rebels detained 21 U.N. peacekeepers , claiming they came into an area where they did n't belong and saying they suspected the peacekeepers were secretly trying to help government forces . The captives were released a few days ago . Rebels on Tuesday said the report was an exaggeration . Louay Almokdad , a spokesman for the rebel Free Syrian Army , said he was shocked by the report . "  We are quite stunned that the U.N. would issue such a report and try to blame both sides for violations when it is clear who is committing atrocities in the country and who is killing our innocent civilians , " Almokdad said . The Syrian government , meanwhile , has consistently blamed "  armed terrorist groups " for killing civilians . While the regime has often referred to opposition fighters as "  terrorists , " some radical militants -- such as members of the Nusra Front -- have also joined the fight against the government . Last year , the United States blacklisted the Nusra Front as a foreign terror organization . The move baffles Syrian rebels , an analyst said . Many Syrians see the group as heroes of the revolution because of its professionalism and its willingness to fight and take causalities , said Jeffrey White , a defense analyst at The Washington Institute for Near East Policy . The organization is active in eight provinces , he said . More than 70,000 Syrians -- mostly civilians -- have been killed since peaceful anti-government protests led to a fierce government crackdown , an armed uprising and a civil war with no end in sight . On Tuesday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged patience . "  You have to have some patience in this process even as you approach it with care , and I think that 's exactly what we are doing , " he told reporters in Washington . "  We want to stop the killing . And they want to stop the killing . The world wants to stop the killing , " he said .	NEW : U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urges patience : "  We want to stop the killing " Rebels say they are shocked the U.N. would accuse them of atrocities Both government and rebel forces are accused of recruiting boys U.N. panelist : No diplomatic end to war means "  devastating " implications for the region and world
CNN  -- The family of boxing great Joe Frazier on Wednesday announced details of his Philadelphia funeral services and said he died as "  one of God 's men . " Frazier , who handed the legendary Muhammad Ali his first defeat , died Monday , just a month after being diagnosed with liver cancer . The 67-year-old athlete 's remains will be in public view at the Wells Fargo Center from 10 a.m. until 5 p.m. Friday and 10 a.m. until 1 p.m. Saturday , the family said . "  This will be an opportunity for his many fans , supporters and boxing lovers from around the world to pay their final respects to Joe Frazier . " The service will be held at 11 a.m. Monday at Enon Tabernacle Baptist Church . "  The Family of Joe Frazier continues to stress that they want everyone to know that Joe Frazier was a man of God and a man who loved all of his family , " relatives said in a statement . Star boxer Floyd "  Money " Mayweather offered to pay for Frazier 's funeral . The family said donations in Frazier 's memory can be made to the American Cancer Society . The former heavyweight champion became a legend in his own right and personified the gritty working-class style of his hard-knuckled hometown , Philadelphia -- a fitting setting for the "  Rocky " film series , starring Sylvester Stallone as hardscrabble boxer Rocky Balboa . Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter called Frazier the "  quintessential Philadelphia boxer . " "  You could hear him coming , snorting and grunting and puffing , like a steam engine climbing a steep grade , " Bill Lyon wrote in a Philadelphia Inquirer column about Frazier , nicknamed "  Smokin ' Joe . " Frazier used his devastating left hook with impunity during his professional career , retiring in 1976 with a 32-4-1 record and staging one last comeback fight in 1981 . Frazier bested Ali at 1971 's "  Fight of the Century " at Madison Square Garden . In the 15th round , Frazier landed perhaps the most famous left hook in history , catching Ali on the jaw and dropping the former champ for a four-count , according to Frazier 's bio at the International Boxing Hall of Fame . Frazier left the ring as the undisputed champ and handed Ali his first professional loss . Ali won a 12-round decision in a January 1974 rematch , setting the stage for the classic "  Thrilla in Manila " just outside the Philippine capital in 1975 . Ali took the early rounds , but Frazier rebounded before losing the last five rounds . By the end of the 14th , Frazier 's eyes were nearly swollen shut , and his corner stopped the bout , according to the biography . Frazier , a two-time heavyweight champion for nearly three years until he lost in January 1973 to George Foreman , ran a well-known boxing gym in Philadelphia for years .	Services are scheduled for Monday in Philadelphia Frazier was diagnosed with liver cancer only recently Public may view his remains Friday , Saturday
CNN  -- Turkey 's top diplomat angrily rejected U.S. newspaper reports alleging the Turkish government leaked Israeli intelligence secrets to Iran . "  This is just a smear campaign . This is not true . It is dirty propaganda , " Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said , according to a ministry spokesman . Davutoglu was referring to a column published in the Washington Post on Thursday . Citing "  knowledgeable sources , " the Post 's David Ignatius reported that in early 2012 , the Turkish government revealed to Iranian intelligence "  the identities of up to 10 Iranians who had been meeting inside Turkey with their Mossad case officers . " The Mossad is Israel 's intelligence service . The reported leak took place at a time when relations between Turkey and Israel were at an all-time low , after Israeli commandos killed eight Turks and an American activist during a botched 2010 raid against the Mavi Marmara , a Turkish aid ship seeking to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza . Until then , Turkey and Israel had enjoyed decades of close military , intelligence and economic ties . "  With the full knowledge of the Turks , we used to use the Turkish soil in order to run intelligence operations , " said Danny Yatom , a retired Israeli major general who spent several years running Mossad . Speaking in a conference call with journalists , Yatom said Israel likely reduced its intelligence-sharing with Turkey after the rupture in relations following the Mavi Marmara raid . But , he added , "  this information that was transferred by the Turks to the Iranians about a year ago , this is information that they  the Turks  might acquire from Israel many years ago . " Washington , a close ally of both Turkey and Israel , has sought to smooth over differences between the Middle Eastern countries . Earlier this year , U.S. President Barak Obama helped broker a telephone apology for the Mavi Marmara raid from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to his Turkish counterpart . On Thursday , Turkish officials suggested that the Washington Post report was part of a broader effort to discredit Turkey 's top spymaster , Hakan Fidan . A week ago , the Wall Street Journal published a profile of Fidan , who is the head of the Milli Istihbarat Teskilati , or MIT , Turkey 's main intelligence agency . The article suggested Fidan was the architect of a policy that has funneled weapons and money to rebels in neighboring Syria . Turkey has been one of the most vocal supporters of the Syrian opposition throughout civil war of the past two and a half years . The Syrian National Coalition , one of the main opposition groups in exile , opposition activists and rebels have been hosted in Turkey , which has also provided health care to injured fighters . In addition , CNN journalists have witnessed weapons being smuggled across the border from Turkey to Syrian opposition groups . But in recent months , several hard-core al Qaeda-linked fighting groups have begun challenging more moderate rebel factions for control of northern Syria . Last month one such group , the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , drove Syrian rebels out of the northern border town of Azaz . Since then , ISIS militants have repeatedly clashed with rebel groups , which continue to control a key customs terminal on the border between Turkey and Syria . Turkey , meanwhile , has kept the border gate firmly closed . This week , the Turkish military announced its artillery fired at ISIS positions near Azaz in retaliation for a suspected ISIS mortar shell that landed near the Turkish border town of Kilis . One Turkish expert suggested the artillery strikes against al Qaeda-linked targets should be interpreted as a message to Turkey 's NATO allies . "  What the Turks did yesterday , is to try to send a message to Turkey 's critics , especially in the West , that the Turks have not gotten too cozy with the jihadists , " said Henri Barkey , a professor of international relations at Lehigh University . This was not the first time Turkish army has engaged in cross-border artillery duels along the frontier with Syria . As the warring parties have grown increasingly fractured , reports say Turkish military units have fired at Syrian government forces , rebels groups , and even Kurdish militias . "  Our engagement rules compel the military to strike back whenever we see a threat to our own borders , " said a Turkish government official , speaking to CNN on condition of anonymity .	"  This is just a smear campaign . " says Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu A column in the Washington Post says Turkey told Iran about Iranians talking to Israelis RA retired chief of Israel 's intelligence : Turkey could have gotten the info years ago Turkish officials suggest there is an effort to discredit Turkey 's top spymaster
LA PAZ , Bolivia  CNN  -- Bolivian police Thursday foiled a plot to assassinate President Evo Morales , the country 's vice president and other top government officials , Morales said in Venezuela , where he is attending a summit . Bolivian Vice President Alvaro Garcia Linera , left , and President Evo Morales appear in La Paz earlier this week . The plot involved Irish and Croatian nationals as well as Bolivians , Vice President Alvaro Garcia Linera said at a separate news conference in La Paz . When police moved in to arrest the five suspects at a hotel in the eastern Bolivian city of Santa Cruz , they became embroiled in a 30-minute gun battle , Morales said . Three of the gunmen were killed and two were arrested . Officials recovered heavy armaments at a nearby warehouse that authorities said belonged to the gunmen . The five are suspected of involvement in the bombing of Catholic Cardinal Julio Terrazas ' house in Santa Cruz a day earlier , Garcia Linera said . No one was injured in that attack . Garcia Linera called the suspects "  a dangerous gang of mercenary terrorists . " Morales said he traveled to the summit of leftist Latin American leaders in Venezuela although he "  had information that there would be an attempt . " Opposition leaders in Santa Cruz were unconvinced a plot existed , saying the government was trying to use the apparent danger to silence critics . The leaders pointed to previous alleged assassination plots based on what they called flimsy evidence . "  These things happen when the president is not in the republic , " said critic Luis Nunez . "  They 're trying to scare those who think differently . " Santa Cruz , an opposition stronghold , is about 340 miles  550 kilometers  east-southeast of La Paz , the Bolivian capital . Morales made the announcement in the seaside city of Cumana , Venezuela . He was flanked by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , who had his arm around Morales ' shoulders , and Cuban leader Raul Castro .	Assassination plot reportedly against President Evo Morales , other Bolivian officials Gunbattle breaks out when police move on suspects at hotel , vice president says Three of gunmen killed , two arrested , official says Gunmen believed to be involved in bombing Catholic cardinal 's house , VP says
CNN  -- "  The Blind Side " could have been filmed anywhere , says Tim Bourne , an independent producer who worked on the film . But there 's a reason producers brought the project to Georgia : money . "  There 's nothing in -LSB- the movie -RSB- that could n't have been shot in any midrange urban setting . The reason , and the sole reason , it was shot in Georgia was the tax incentives , " he said . Georgia boasts one of the highest tax credits in the United States : a 20 percent base tax credit , with an additional 10 percent if a Georgia logo appears somewhere in the project . The Oscar-nominated "  Blind Side " is one of many films that 's taken advantage of the incentives to shoot in the Empire State of the South , incentives that also include a diverse set of locations , state-of-the-art facilities and large production crews . Recently , another production , "  Hall Pass , " written by Peter and Bobby Farrelly  "  There 's Something About Mary "  , started filming in the Atlanta area . The film , starring Owen Wilson and Jenna Fischer , is about a woman who gives her husband permission to have an affair . It called for a New England location -- standard for the brothers , who are from Rhode Island -- but tax incentives led the production crew south , producers said . Georgia is far from the only state offering filmmakers opportunities to leave Hollywood . Indeed , it 's one of 44 states offering incentives in hopes of attracting projects that will help their economies , according to the Tax Foundation . "  No one is trying to compete with L.A. from a technical standpoint , " Bourne said . "  They 're certainly competing from a financial standpoint , though . The name of the game is all about tax incentives . It 's the sad truth . "  Films are made in a particular place strictly because of financial rebates , " he continued . "  If , tomorrow , Louisiana or ... any state with a crew base , rather , came up with a better incentive program , that 's where the work would be -- overnight . " Incentives differ from state to state . In most cases , filmmakers are able to apply for a tax credit or rebate as long as they meet the state 's minimum standards for expenditures and utilize local crews , some of whom do n't belong to unions . However , Bill Thompson , deputy commissioner at the Georgia Film , Music and Digital Entertainment Office , said bigger production companies usually prefer to work with union workers . Louisiana , one of the first states to develop an incentive program eight years ago , has found exposure in front of the camera with films such as "  Ray " and "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button . " "  Green Lantern , " set for release in 2011 , is one of many projects whose makers opted to film in Louisiana after the state increased its film production tax credit to 30 percent in 2009 , said Chris Stelly , director of the Louisiana Office of Film and TV . But Louisiana does n't just attract projects because of the state 's high tax credit , he said . "  No matter how big your incentive is , if someone does n't have a good experience , they 're not going to be back , " he said . Warner Bros. . Entertainment is what Stelly calls a repeat customer . Michael Walbrecht , vice president of Studio & Production Affairs at Warner Bros. , said the company brings a lot of projects to Louisiana . It 's the third most popular place the company films , behind Los Angeles and New York . "  So far , we 've had great experiences in the -LSB- Southeast -RSB- , " Walbrecht said . There 's no denying the tremendous impact the film industry has had on each state . Hotels , rental cars , restaurants , equipment rentals , local crews , props , wardrobes and local extras are just some of the ways the industry gives back to the area it films in . According to the Web site for Georgia 's Film , Music & Digital Entertainment Office , TV networks , Hollywood studios , production companies and independent producers invested more than $ 521 million in Georgia in fiscal year 2008-09 ; the state estimates the economic impact of this investment at $ 929 million . Louisiana has experienced economic success , as well . Its Economic Development department 's Web site says the incentives have generated thousands of jobs and more than $ 2 billion since the program began in 2002 . "  With some of the bigger movies , -LSB- there are -RSB- hundreds of extras on set , " Thompson said . "  Those people all get paid something per day . This is especially a big deal in small towns that have never had a film -LSB- shoot -RSB- there . To spend a few million dollars in a rural area -LSB- makes a big difference -RSB- . " Even California , the home of the business , has gotten into the act . The state recently introduced a 20 percent tax credit , though its incentives are n't as broad as in other states . For example , TV shows to air on basic cable qualify for the credit , whereas shows on broadcast networks do not . Walbrecht said the amount of larger movies and TV shows filming in smaller states will continue to rise , which is one reason California was prompted to create incentives . "  They realized their iconic industry was moving elsewhere , " he said . Meanwhile , away from Hollywood , the competition is getting stiffer . North Carolina became a major player in the filmmaking business thanks to such productions as the TV show "  Dawson 's Creek , " which filmed in the coastal city of Wilmington and helped create a thriving film industry there . So when "  The Last Song " -- set in Wilmington -- began filming in seaside Savannah , Georgia , hard feelings were inevitable . "  You ca n't dwell on what you lost ; you have to keep going and move forward , " said Aaron Syrett , director of the North Carolina Film Office . "  It happens all the time , to every state . " Legislation to raise the 15 percent tax credit was proposed before "  The Last Song " chose not to film in North Carolina . The state 's new refund , 25 percent , went into effect January 1 . "  We 're not trying to -LSB- have -RSB- the highest refund . We 're trying to be the smartest , " Syrett said . In other words , offer a hefty tax rebate -- and roll camera .	Forty-four states offer tax credits to filmmakers in hopes of attracting projects Georgia boasts one of highest tax returns in United States , up to 30 percent Louisiana was one of first states to develop incentive program eight years ago
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour meets the Dalai Lama and some of his unruly flock in "  Buddha 's Warriors " airing Saturday and Sunday , 8 and 11 p.m. ET The Dalai Lama cracked jokes and chatted when a storm knocked out power during his interview with CNN . DHARAMSALA , India  CNN  -- I never knew much about Buddhism , and was not expecting much , spiritually , from covering the Dalai Lama . But what happened just goes to show how the unlikeliest events can affect you at the unlikeliest times . I flew from covering the historic visit of the New York Philharmonic Orchestra in North Korea to Dharamsala , India . This is the home-in-exile of the Dalai Lama and his government , as well as thousands of Tibetan monks and supporters . Our visit coincided with the events that commemorate each March 10 , the date the Dalai Lama fled Tibet on horseback in 1959 . He managed to evade the Chinese Communist forces , disguised as a soldier and escaping at night . The somber remembrance is a little like what the Palestinians do every year . They call it al-Nakba , or "  catastrophe , " which marks 1948 when they lost much of their land as the state of Israel was founded . This year , however , the March 10 anniversary took on a more ominous tone . It was the first time the growing split among Tibetan exiles burst into the open . Some of the younger generation of exiles are losing faith in the Dalai Lama 's abandonment of the dream of Tibetan independence . Some want action , even if it might mean abandoning their peaceful Buddhist way . I wanted to ask the Dalai Lama about this and where he thought it would lead . The day we visited , we attended a "  Long Life Ceremony " in which thousands of Tibetans come from all over India and across the Himalayas from Tibet to catch a glimpse of their spiritual leader , to pray for his continued health and long life and to bestow their most precious gifts upon him , including cubes of dried cheese wrapped in muslin , textiles and tapestries . It went on for more than two hours . I never thought I would sit through the whole thing , but something about the chanting , the incense and the vital connection between the Dalai Lama and his adoring flock was mesmerizing . Watch : Amanpour investigates new breed of Buddhists " As a journalist and an observer , I was transfixed . Even though the Dalai Lama has spent nearly 60 years in exile , people are still so faithful to him , so respectful , weeping , bowing low as they pass him sitting high above on his throne-like dais . He towers over them , and yet there is nothing removed or dictatorial about him . See behind-the-scenes photos from Buddha 's Warriors " Afterwards we prepared for our interview . He gives many , and I wondered what we could elicit from him that would be new or noteworthy . As our cameramen were setting up , I hung around outside to quietly watch as he received the first of many visitors that day : dignitaries , ordinary tourists , prayer groups and school groups . I 've found you can tell almost everything about a person by observing the way they deal with others . He was kind , witty , warm , laugh-out-loud funny and deeply moved by some of the personal tales he heard from those visitors seeking his advice and blessing . I thought about how he must do this so many hundreds of thousands of times and yet he had time for everyone , treating each one like a VIP . Once we sat down , I was immediately slightly thrown off by his style . He told us very clearly that what the Chinese are doing in Tibet amounts to "  cultural genocide . " And then he burst into his trademark giggles . I could n't fully understand why , but it is apparently the Buddhist way to laugh off life 's horrors , and thus survive . Learn about Tibet 's history of conflict " He went on to tell us , with great earnestness , how he approves of the Olympic Games being held in Beijing and how he is not trying to seek full independence from China , just what he calls cultural autonomy . This man , who is lionized for his quiet spirituality and for being a one-man movement of conscience , who had won a Nobel Peace Prize , calls himself a simple Buddhist monk . As we sat there , suddenly a thunderstorm broke and all our lights went out and we were plunged into darkness . Any other important interviewee would have swept out to rest while we dealt with it . Not the Dalai Lama . He sat there with us in the dark , cracking jokes and chatting , as we waited for the generator to kick in . The Chinese government says the Dalai Lama is lying when he says he does not want independence from China . They call him a wolf in sheep 's clothing . So why , I wondered , would he not overtly support the young generation of Tibetans who want a more proactive policy of confronting China ? Over and again I asked him about the split among his ranks . He said he would not condemn them as he believed in democracy and free speech . But nor would he support their tactics or their goals . He just kept asking  rhetorically  a simple question : With what are we going to fight them ? Are we 6 million Tibetans going to confront the army of 1.2 billion people ? How ? The Chinese government refused repeatedly to talk to us and accused us of trying to "  beatify " the Dalai Lama . I could n't help wondering why they wo n't talk to him or meet him halfway . They may be trying to wait out the 74-year-old Dalai Lama . But they must know they 'll have much more trouble on their hands once he is gone and the angry younger generation takes over .	Christiane Amanpour traveled to India to meet with the exiled Dalai Lama In 1959 , the Dalai Lama fled Tibet on horseback to evade China 's communist forces Amanpour says the Dalai Lama 's connection to his adoring flock is "  mesmerizing " Dalai Lama says what the Chinese are doing in Tibet amounts to "  cultural genocide "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The Beverly Hills plastic surgeon who operated on Kanye West 's mother a day before she died is in trouble with the Medical Board of California over several DUI cases and has had judgments against him in at least two malpractice cases , according to legal documents filed in California . Dr. Jan Adams has "  multiple convictions for alcohol-related offenses , " medical board executive director David Thornton said in his complaint charging Adams with violating the Medical Practice Act . Adams has at least two convictions since 2003 , when the doctor was put on probation and ordered to complete an alcohol counseling program , according to the complaint . The complaint , dated April 10 , also cites the convictions as evidence for charges of unprofessional conduct and abuse of alcohol . It requests that the medical board revoke or suspend Adams ' license . Watch why Adams is under scrutiny " Sources familiar with the investigation told CNN that a settlement was reached regarding Adams ' most recent DUI , in 2006 , and the type of disciplinary action he should face from the medical board . The settlement was sent to the board on November 2 , the sources said , but it will likely take a month for the board to finish its work . The sources also said the board probably will renew his license . Adams ' medical license expires on April 30 , 2008 . Additionally , Adams has settled at least two malpractice suits , one for $ 250,000 and another for $ 217,000 . Further details were not available . Adams has not responded to requests for comment about the medical board complaint or the malpractice suits . After telling TMZ.com that Donda West 's death was an unforeseen circumstance unrelated to the surgery he performed , Adams released a statement refusing further comment about the death . TMZ.com , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . The Los Angeles County Coroner 's office said that Adams performed surgery on West , 58 , on Friday . She was found unresponsive and in respiratory arrest at her home the following day and was pronounced dead that evening after being rushed to a nearby hospital . An autopsy on West 's body was inconclusive pending the results of toxicology tests , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Coroner said Tuesday . Adams is the host of Discovery Health 's "  Plastic Surgery : Before and After " and has appeared frequently on "  Oprah " and other television shows . He is the author of two books , "  Everything Women of Color Should Know About Cosmetic Surgery " and "  Health , Wellness and Cosmetic Surgery for the Woman of Color , Volume 2 . " He also sells several lines of skin care products through his company Carswell Products , and another , called "  Rudalgo " -- Adams ' middle name -- through his company JRA Nutridermaceuticals . According to his Web site -- which has been taken down -- Adams graduated from Harvard university and the Ohio State University School of Medicine and studied plastic surgery at the University of Michigan . Adams ' bio page has been taken off the Discovery Channel 's Web site as well . E-mail to a friend	Beverly Hills surgeon is in also in trouble over several DUI cases , official said Jan Adams has "  multiple convictions for alcohol-related offenses " Adams operated on entertainer Kanye West 's mother a day before she died Adams has settled at least two malpractice suits
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad made clear what he meant when he said Israel should be "  wiped off " the map and touched on everything from the Holocaust to homosexuality in a wide-ranging interview that aired Monday on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " The president , speaking through a translator , also said what his country would do if attacked by Israel , and he slammed an anti-Islam film that has triggered protests in the Muslim world . "  If a group comes and occupies the United States of America , destroys homes while women and children are in those homes , incarcerate the youth of America , impose five different wars on many neighbors , and always threaten others , what would you do ? What would you say ? Would you help it ? ... Or would you help the people of the United States ? " Ahmadinejad asked in response to whether Israel should be "  wiped off " the face of the map , as he once said . Obama confronts Iran , Syria at U.N. "  So when we say ` to be wiped , ' we say for occupation to be wiped off from this world . For war-seeking to  be  wiped off and eradicated , the killing of women and children to be eradicated . And we propose the way . We propose the path . The path is to recognize the right of the Palestinians to self-governance . " When asked whether he believes in a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , Ahmadinejad declined to comment . "  I can not express an opinion . That is their prerogative , " Ahmadinejad said . "  But the people of Palestine must be allowed by everyone , and helped by everyone , to allow them , to give them the right to choose for themselves . " In New York this week to visit the United Nations , Ahmadinejad spoke at a meeting on the rule of law Monday and is scheduled to address the U.N. General Assembly on Wednesday . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon met with the Iranian president over the weekend and warned him of the "  potentially harmful consequences of inflammatory rhetoric , " according to a U.N. statement . During his speech Monday , Ahmadinejad accused "  some members of the Security Council with veto rights " of having "  chosen silence with regard to the nuclear warheads of a fake regime , while at the same time they impede scientific progress of other nations . " Though he did n't name the countries , he was clearly talking about the United States , Israel and his own country . Some world powers , particularly Western nations , suspect that Iran is seeking to build nuclear weapons . Tehran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes . When asked by CNN 's Morgan what Iran would do if Israel were to attack it , Ahmadinejad said , "  Any nation has the right and will indeed defend herself . " "  But my question is this : Why should the world be managed in such a way that an individual can allow himself to threaten a rich and deeply rooted historical , ancient country such as Iran ? A great country , such as Iran , based on an excuse of his own fabrication . ... Another country can say , ' I am guessing that country B is doing activity X , therefore I will attack that country ' ... can this be ... a successful formula for the management of the world ? " Again there , the president was likely referring to Iran 's disputed nuclear program . Asked whether he feared a war or military conflict with Israel was imminent , Ahmadinejad said : "  The Zionists are very much , very adventuresome , very much seeking to fabricate things , and I think they see themselves at the end of the line and I do firmly believe that they seek to create new opportunities for themselves and their adventurous behaviors . " Among other topics the president touched on in the interview taped in New York over the weekend were : Anti-Islam film Ahmadinejad denounced the film , "  Innocence of Muslims , " that portrays the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and killer . The online video has led to a wave of global unrest . "  Fundamentally , first of all , any action that is provocative , offends the religious thoughts and feelings of any people , we condemn , " he said . Photos : Anti-U.S. demonstrations worldwide "  Likewise , we condemn any type of extremism . Of course , what took place was ugly . Offending the Holy Prophet is quite ugly . This has very little or nothing to do with freedom and freedom of speech . This is the weakness of and the abuse of freedom , and in many places it is a crime . It should n't take place , and I do hope the day will come in which politicians will not seek to offend those whom others hold holy , " Ahmadinejad said . "  We also believe that this must also be resolved in a humane atmosphere , in a participatory environment , and we do not like anyone losing their lives or being killed for any reason , anywhere in the world . " The privately produced film sparked protests against the United States , where it was made . While most of the demonstrations have been peaceful , some were marred by violence that has left more than two dozen people dead -- among them U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other Americans killed in an attack on the consulate in Benghazi , Libya , that reportedly followed a demonstration against the film . When asked by Morgan whether he thought protesters should stop threatening U.S. staff abroad , Ahmadinejad said he can not say what other people or nations should do , but that he believes "  extremism gives birth to following and subsequent extremists . " Syria A long-time supporter of embattled Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , Ahmadinejad told CNN 's Morgan the crisis in Syria must be resolved through dialogue , and without outside interference . He condemned the violence , which has left more than 26,000 people dead since March 2011 , according to opposition activists . "  We must all say enough of this violence , right now , " Ahmadinejad said , adding that he is working to organize a group to bring the two sides together . "  We do believe that freedom , the right to choose , the right to vote , respect and justice is the fundamental right of all people . All people must obtain these rights . No one has the right to restrict a people and nation , but we believe as a friend of nations , we must help the nations around the world to obtain these rights through peaceful paths , though peaceful actions . " The Holocaust The conversation was contentious at times , particularly when the topic turned to the Nazi Germany extermination of the Jews last century . Ahmadinejad has long questioned the existence of the Holocaust . "  I pass no judgment about historic events . I defend the human freedoms . Whatever event has taken place throughout history , or has n't taken place , I can not judge that . Why should I judge that ? I say researchers and scholars must be free to conduct research and analysis about any historical event , " the Iranian president said . Homosexuality "  I 'm sorry . Let me ask you this . Do you believe that anyone is giving birth through homosexuality ? Homosexuality ceases procreation . Who has said that if you like or believe in doing something ugly , and others do not accept your behavior , that they 're denying your freedom ? " he asked Morgan . "  Proper education must be given ... the education system must be revamped . The political system must be revamped . And these must be also reformed , revamped along the way . But if you , if a group recognizes an ugly behavior or ugly deed as legitimate , you must not expect other countries or other groups to give it the same recognition . " Jews When asked how he would feel if one of his children dated a Jew , Ahmadinejad replied , "  I would have to see who that Jewish man or woman would be . I see love amongst people as completely acceptable . There are many Jews living in Iran with whom we are very close . There are ... some Muslims that marry into Jewish families or marry Christians . " "  I -- we have no such problems , " he added . "  Of course , I think none of us should represent the whole population of the United States , but we believe that color , religion , native tongue , ethnic background should n't create differences or distances between people , nor should it be the sole reason to bring people closer together . It has always been like this . " Osama bin Laden Ahmadinejad also discussed his reaction to Osama bin Laden 's death last year by American Navy Seals under President Barack Obama . "  I would have been happier to see a transparent trial , a formal trial , and find out the root causes of all of the events of the last few years , " the Iranian president said . Daughter of former Iranian leader starts prison sentence	Ahmadinejad sits down for an interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan During the sometimes contentious conversation , he talks about the Holocaust , Syria Ahmadinejad also discusses an anti-Islam film and Osama bin Laden Iran 's president is to address the U.N. General Assembly on Wednesday
CNN  -- Martin Scorsese 's "  Hugo " has more nominations , and among the nine contenders for best picture , only "  The Tree of Life " has made less money at the box office , but ever since the New York Film Critics Circle named a black and white French silent film the best picture of the year back in November , "  The Artist " has been the unlikely frontrunner in the Academy Awards race . And there it has remained , picking up the lion 's share of the top prizes across the awards season , from the various trade guilds and industry groups to the Golden Globes and the Baftas . There has been a similar conformity even in those categories -- like best actress -- which "  The Artist " wo n't win . "  The Help " star Viola Davis is the red-hot favorite in that race , which would extend Meryl Streep 's losing streak to an unlucky 13 nominations since her 1983 win for "  Sophie 's Choice . " All of which could make Sunday 's ceremony the most predictable -- and anti-climactic -- Academy Awards in recent memory . And that 's saying something ! Here 's the breakdown of the major categories , who we think will win , who should win , and our selections for the most undeserved omissions from the list , the nominees that Oscar overlooked this year . The Nominees SW = Should Win WW = Will Win Best Picture "  The Artist " WW "  The Descendants " "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close " "  The Help " "  Hugo " SW "  Midnight in Paris " "  Moneyball " "  The Tree of Life " "  War Horse " Overlooked : The industry did n't know what to make of "  Margaret , " Kenneth Lonergan 's film was overshadowed by its long and troubled backstory -- so it chose to ignore it . But this ragged , emotionally gripping drama was an unsung American masterpiece , a more probing study of grief and youth than "  Extremely Loud , " "  The Descendants " or even "  The Tree of Life " . Actress in a Leading Role Glenn Close  "  Albert Nobbs " Viola Davis  "  The Help "  WW Rooney Mara  "  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo "  SW Meryl Street  "  The Iron Lady " Michelle Williams  "  My Week with Marilyn " Overlooked : Charlize Theron won the Oscar for playing serial killer Aileen Wuornos in "  Monster , " but her performance in "  Young Adult " is even more courageous and more nuanced . She dared to play a deeply damaged and highly dislikeable individual , and despite everything made us care . And spare a thought for Kirsten Dunst , whose chances were probably scuppered by her "  Melancholia " director Lars von Trier 's foolish remarks in Cannes . Actor in a Leading Role Demian Bechir  "  A Better Life "  SW George Clooney  "  The Descendants " Jean Dujardin  "  The Artist "  WW Gary Oldman  "  Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy " Brad Pitt  "  Moneyball " Overlooked : Pitt and Clooney both gave career-best performances this year , but so did Woody Harrelson , whose bigoted , self-loathing , alcoholic cop in "  Rampart " did n't get the promotion he deserved . iReporters share their views on the Oscars Actress in a Supporting Role Berenice Bejo  "  The Artist " Jessica Chastain  "  The Help " Melissa McCarthy  "  Bridesmaids "  SW Janet McTeer  "  Albert Nobbs " Octavia Spencer  "  The Help "  WW Overlooked : Not overlooked entirely , but Jessica Chastain could easily have been nominated twice , or even three times , in this category , such was the quality of her work as the innocent wife of the deranged Michael Shannon in "  Take Shelter " and her angelic mother in Terrence Malick 's "  The Tree of Life . " Actor in a Supporting Role Kenneth Branagh  "  My Week With Marilyn " Jonah Hill  "  Moneyball " Nick Nolte  "  Warrior " Christopher Plummer  "  Beginners "  WW , SW Max von Sydow  "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close " Overlooked : Patton Oswald  "  Young Adult "  and Albert Brooks  "  Drive "  had every right to expect nominations this year , and frankly their Screen Actors Guild colleagues got it wrong . Directing Woody Allen  "  Midnight in Paris " Michel Hazanavicius  "  The Artist "  WW Terrence Malick  "  The Tree of Life " Alexander Payne  "  The Descendants " Martin Scorsese  "  Hugo "  SW Overlooked : Like comedy , sci-fi movies get a raw deal at awards time . Duncan Jones made one of the smartest , most entertaining movies of the year with "  Source Code . " Too bad nobody noticed . Animated Feature "  A Cat in Paris " "  Chico & Rita " SW "  Kung Fu Panda 2 " "  Puss in Boots " "  Rango " WW Overlooked : It was n't a great year for animation , but "  Arthur Christmas " was a typically witty and ingenious effort from Aardman Animation , the studio that gave us Wallace & Gromit and "  Chicken Run . " Foreign Language Film "  Bullhead " "  Footnote " "  In Darkness " "  Monsieur Lazhar " WW "  A Separation " SW Overlooked : Where to begin ? Well , "  Once Upon a Time in Anatolia " for a start , the Turkish police procedural that 's part road film , part existential comedy , all masterpiece . Documentary Feature "  Hell and Back Again " "  If a Tree Falls " "  Paradise Lost 3 " "  Pina " WW , SW "  Undefeated " Overlooked : Again , multiple omissions here , including "  The Interrupters , " "  Senna " and "  Nostalgia For the Light , " any of which would have made a worthy winner .	"  The Artist " has been the unlikely frontrunner in the Academy Awards race "  The Help " star Viola Davis is the red-hot favorite in that race All of which could make Sunday 's ceremony the most predictable and anti-climactic
Disabled people , elderly people , adults made vulnerable by terminal and other illnesses , and now children are being told that their lives are not worth living . This view was forcefully expressed by Professor Etienne Vermeersch in a recent public debate on euthanasia in Brussels . One of the authors of Belgium 's controversial euthanasia law , Vermeersch said it had been specifically designed to include disabled people . For Vermeersch it seemed obvious that "  a man with no arms or legs " would want to die . Without conscience or insight into the discrimination of choosing only disabled people as examples , he shouted at a member of the audience "  Just wait until you are paralysed . " A paraplegic wheelchair-user for forty years , I was sitting directly in front of him , and had spoken before the debate . His chilling and very final solution to suffering is to remove the sufferer . His zealous delivery caused a frisson in the room amongst most  though sadly not all  of the audience . With its clear echoes , this discourse from a government adviser was shocking . Earlier in the same debate , Alex Schadenberg of the Euthanasia Prevention Coalition had pointed out that the law in Belgium is just not safe : - Nearly half  47 %  of euthanasia deaths are not reported  according to a study carried out in Flanders in 2007  : This is illegal . - Euthanasia deaths should be carried out by doctors , but according to a 2007 study , nurses are doing them : This is illegal . - Some euthanasia deaths are carried out without consent  according to a 2007 study in Flanders  : This is illegal . The opposite view : Pray you never need euthanasia , but be glad of option Dr. Jan Bernheim , a leading promoter of euthanasia , admitted that there are problems with Belgium 's euthanasia law . But despite its "  imperfections " he still believes it should be extended to children . Bernheim argued euthanasia was necessary to remove suffering : yet pain is hardly ever the reason for seeking euthanasia . In fact , any palliative care specialist will say no-one should ever be in intolerable pain . Bernheim claims Dr. Wim Distelmans as his protege : Distelmans recently ended the life of Nancy/Nathan Verhelst , in front of TV cameras . After a series of botched sex-change operations , in the absence of other support , Verhelst sought refuge in death by euthanasia . The Belgian commission to regulate the practice of euthanasia has never referred a case of euthanasia to prosecutors  and remember only half of those are reported  . It is co-chaired by Distelmans . It is fundamentally unsafe that the most high-profile doctor in Belgium to carry out euthanasia is also the regulator . Distelmans also carried out the euthanasia of Mark and Eddy Verbessem , 45-year-old identical twins , who were deaf and decided they wanted to die after their eyesight began to fail . Anorexic Ann G. also opted to have her life ended after being sexually abused by the Belgian psychiatrist who was supposed to be treating her for her life-threatening condition . The core of good clinical governance is patient safety but under Belgium 's euthanasia laws that is sacrificed in the name of individual choice . Verhelst , the Verbessems and Ann G. -- bereft of support -- felt they had no choice but death . The European Social Rights Committee has condemned Belgium for violation of the European Social Charter because of its lack of social care . It is little wonder that disabled Belgian people fall into terminal despair , but that does not validate euthanasia becoming a "  treatment " for depression as it has in Belgium . Killing someone by lethal injection is not an act of medicine : it comes when medicine apparently has nothing left to offer . With a 500 % increase in euthanasia in Belgium in ten years , it is crystal clear that the law in Belgium is not safe ; we can not stand by as they try to extend that law to children . The opposite view : Pray you never need euthanasia , but be glad of option Interactive : Euthanasia and the right to die around the world	Belgian MPs may allow terminally ill children and those with dementia access to euthanasia Anti-euthanasia campaigner Dr. Kevin Fitzpatrick argues the system is unsafe Fitzpatrick : Euthanasia advocates ' solution to suffering is to remove the sufferer "  Killing someone by lethal injection is not an act of medicine "
Miley Cyrus , forget what you 've heard . Suzanne Somers wants you to know she is having plenty of sex , thank you very much . The 66-year-old former "  Three 's Company " star told the ladies of "  The Talk " on Tuesday that she and her husband have sex "  a couple times a day . " "  He 's on hormones ; I 'm on hormones , " Somers said , to the delight of the show 's co-hosts . Somers ' comments came after Miley Cyrus told Matt Lauer on "  Today " on Monday that it was her understanding that people in their 40s are n't having sex . "  I heard when you turn 40 , things start to go a little less sexual , " she said . "  Probably around that time , I heard that 's when people do n't have sex anymore . " Not according to Somers . The actress has revealed that she and her husband of 36 years , Alan Hamel , usually start the day off well . "  There 's some level at 4 in the morning , and then I 'm really awake around 8 or so , " she said . "  We have busy mornings . " The actress and breast cancer survivor has been making the rounds promoting her new book , "  I 'm Too Young for This . "	Suzanne Somers says she and her husband are having lots of sex Miley Cyrus said in an interview that she heard sex slowed in one 's 40s Somers said she and her husband are both on hormones
CNN  -- More than 160 protesters were arrested Sunday during a violent opposition strike in Bangladesh , police said . Among those held were at least five leaders of the opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party  BNP  . Officers said they provoked the strikers to damage public property . Security forces used tear gas and batons in some areas to break up unruly demonstrations , Police Commissioner A.K.M Shahidul Hoque told CNN by phone from Dhaka , the Bangladeshi capital . About 18 officers were injured when protesters pelted them with stones , he said . But Hoque claimed the 12-hour shutdown had little impact on attendance in government offices . In addition , rail , river and air traffic was normal , although private long-route transport mostly stayed off the road , he said . In Dhaka , between 1,000 and 1,500 activists held demonstrations in small groups , Hoque said . The largest protest in the city numbered about 300 strikers , he added . Iqbal Khan Chowdhury , additional home secretary for Bangladesh , told CNN that road traffic in the city of Dhaka was relatively less . "  Traffic on the road was not like other days , " he remarked . Protests were also reported from some other divisional headquarters of the country outside Dhaka , he said . The opposition BNP called Sunday 's general strike , the first in Bangladesh in over three years , to protest against the governance of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina . The BNP accuses her government of failure in dealing with corruption and of suppressing opposition voices . BNP leader Fakarul Islam Alamgir alleged security forces were aggressive on Sunday in dealing with demonstrators . Chowdhury denied the charges , saying police were duty-bound to maintain public order . In the meantime , the BNP 's Alamgir said his party would hold a public meeting Monday in Dhaka as a mark of protest . Hasina 's Awami League party-led alliance swept Bangladesh elections in December 2008 in a landslide . She took the oath of office in January 2009 .	5 leaders of opposition party among those held Police use tear gas , batons to break up demonstrations Protests also reported from outside Dhaka
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe published a draft constitutional amendment in the government gazette Saturday , paving the way for the power-sharing agreement reached after violence disrupted this year 's presidential election . President Robert Mugabe , left , and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai signed the deal in July . Constitutional Amendment 19 details the posts and institutions that were created by the power-sharing deal , including the position of prime minister intended for Morgan Tsvangirai , leader of the Movement for Democratic Change . The publication of the draft is the first step in creating a law in Zimbabwe . For the law to pass , it must be appear before parliament in 30 days , according to the country 's constitution . If it is approved , it will be sent to Mugabe for his signature . The deal arose after Tsvangirai withdrew from a June 27 runoff days before the vote , saying Mugabe 's supporters had waged a campaign of violence and intimidation against opposition supporters . The two leaders signed the initial agreement , brokered by former South African President Thabo Mbeki , in July but have failed to agree on how to form a cabinet . The MDC , the main opposition party , noted that Mugabe 's latest move does not legalize the amendment . "  Gazetting the bill -- which was done by -LSB- Mugabe 's party -RSB- Zanu-PF -- does not automatically translate into passing it into law , " MDC spokesman Nelson Chamisa said . "  That can only take place if outstanding issues have been addressed . Otherwise we will not support the bill . " The two parties agreed last month to the draft amendment during talks in South Africa , but Chamisa warned then that problems remained . "  We have differed with Zanu-PF for a long time while the citizens suffer , but fortunately we have agreed on something . I need to hasten to mention that we still have some outstanding issues , such as the cabinet , appointment of diplomats , " he said in late November . Zanu-PF lost its majority in the parliament in the March elections . As no party has the two-thirds majority to pass the law , its passage relies on MDC support . If parliament does not approve the amendment , Mugabe may call for new elections , Zimbabwe Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa told state-run daily newspaper The Herald . "  I envisage that it will require two weeks for it to be debated and passed through both Houses . If no support is forthcoming , it means that Amendment Number 19 Bill will be dead matter , " Chinamasa is quoted as saying The Herald . "  In the event that the collaboration that we envisage is not forthcoming , then that will necessitate fresh harmonized elections at some point in time , " he said , according to The Herald . Tsvangirai won the most votes in the March election , but not enough to avoid a runoff , according to the government 's official count . South African President Kgalema Motlanthe , chairman of the Southern African Development Community , welcomed the draft . "  The gazetting of Amendment 19 of the Zimbabwean Constitution is indeed a major step towards the formation of an inclusive government in Zimbabwe , " he said in a written statement . "  We urge the Zimbabwean political parties to establish an inclusive government . " Meanwhile , the country is battling a cholera outbreak that has killed nearly 800 people since August , according to the World Health Organization . More than 16,000 people have been infected , WHO said . This week , Mugabe declared that "  there is no cholera in the country . " His spokesman later said Mugabe was sarcastically ridiculing what he believes are Western designs to invade the country . Another Zimbabwean official , Information Minister Sikhanyiso Ndlovu , said Friday that the disease was a "  calculated , racist attack on Zimbabwe by the unrepentant former colonial power , which has enlisted support from its American and Western allies so that they can invade the country . " Britain ruled the country as a colony until 1965 . Ndlovu 's claims triggered quick and pointed reaction from Britain and the United States . In Washington , State Department spokesman Rob McInturff called Ndlovu 's accusations "  patently ridiculous . "	Amendment paves way for power-sharing deal after violence disturbed election President Robert Mugabe , MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai signed deal in July Amendment describes prime minister post intended for opposition leader Tsvangirai Parliament must approve amendment before Mugabe can sign it into effect
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council met Monday to consider the Palestinians ' bid for full membership in the world body and decided to meet again Wednesday morning , when they will send the matter to the admissions committee , said Security Council President Nawaf Salam of Lebanon . Salam said the decision was made to take the matter to the committee as required by Article 59 of the United Nations ' rules of procedure . "  So , we have to wait until Wednesday morning , " he said outside the Security Council . Though the debate is expected to be largely symbolic in the face of a promised American veto , the permanent observer of the Palestinian Authority to the United Nations , Riyad Mansour , held out hope prior to Monday 's Security Council meeting that the bid would be accepted . "  We hope that the Security Council will shoulder its responsibility and address this application with a positive attitude , especially since we have 139 countries that have recognized the state of Palestine so far , meaning more than two-thirds majority , " he said . "  We are ready to govern ourselves . " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas made the bid for the United Nations to recognize an independent state of Palestine on Friday , a move Israel says is premature without direct talks that address its longstanding security concerns . Abbas drew applause when the Palestinian leader raised the document at the podium during his speech at the 66th annual session of the General Assembly . The time has come for a "  Palestinian Spring " to join the Arab Spring in reshaping the Middle East , he said . "  My people desire to exercise their right to enjoy a normal life like the rest of humanity . " But Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , later taking his turn to address the General Assembly , said Palestinians are looking for a "  state without peace , " ignoring security concerns important to Israel . He said Palestinians are armed not only with their "  hopes and dreams , " a phrase Abbas had used in his speech , but with "  10,000 missiles , and Grad rockets supplied by Iran , not to mention the river of lethal weapons flowing into Gaza . " "  Palestinians should first make peace with Israel and then get their state , " he said , adding that peace must arrive through a two-state solution that recognizes Israel as a Jewish state . If that occurs , Israel "  will be the first " to recognize Palestinian statehood , the prime minister said . Abbas ' move prompted a call from the Middle East "  Quartet " for new peace talks intended to come up with a breakthrough by the end of next year . Representatives from the United Nations , the United States , Russia and the European Union discussed the request Friday and issued a statement saying the bid is before the U.N. Security Council . The group called for a "  preparatory meeting " to take place within one month to outline how peace might be negotiated . Each side would then be tasked with producing a comprehensive proposal on territory and security issues within three months and "  to have made substantial progress with six months , " the statement said . Abbas ' speech provoked cheers and chants from flag-waving Palestinians who watched the address on a big-screen television in a square in Ramallah , the West Bank . His speech was closely watched across the Middle East . The hundreds who gathered in Ramallah greeted the news that he had formally filed the request with cheers , song and dance . Demonstrations took place Friday in New York and in cities across the Middle East as demonstrators waved Palestinian flags and chanted slogans in shows of solidarity . On Friday , a Palestinian was killed and 17 were wounded in clashes with Israeli settlers and Israeli forces in the village of Qusra , Palestinian officials reported . The Israel Defense Forces said they had gone to the village after receiving a report that settlers and Palestinians were hurling stones at each other ; when they arrived , about 300 Palestinians began attacking the IDF soldiers , who responded with riot-control methods and live fire . The IDF said it was investigating the incident . Also Friday , an Israeli man and his year-old son were killed when their car drove off the road near the settlement of Kiryat Arba . The Israeli police and IDF initially treated the incident as a routine road accident , but an examination of the body has led them to reassess that view . "  We confirmed he had been injured as a result of being struck in the head , which probably caused him to lose control of the car ; this indicates to us the strong possibility that he was struck by Palestinian stone throwers in an act of terrorism , " police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . The Palestinian Authority 's Ministry of State , which records violent acts by settlers against Palestinians , said the number of violent incidents rose between September 18 and24 . The ministry cited an incident in Qusra , where olive trees were set afire and stones thrown at cars carrying Palestinians . U.S. President Barack Obama has said he supports Palestinian statehood but reiterated a longstanding U.S. position that Israel must be part of the discussions . While a U.S. veto would block the bid for full U.N. membership , the General Assembly could still vote to upgrade the status of Palestinians , who currently hold the status of non-voting observer "  entity . " The body could change that status to permanent observer "  state , " identical to the Vatican 's standing at the United Nations . Hamas , the dominant of two Palestinian political groups , has maintained that neither a U.N. application nor direct negotiations with Israel would provide the Palestinian people "  with what they 're looking for . " "  Abbas ' emotional speech succeeded in moving people 's feelings , but his description of Palestinian suffering is different from reality , " said Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri . Hamas controls Gaza , while Abbas ' Fatah organization holds the West Bank . CNN 's Kevin Flower , Richard Roth , Joe Vaccarello and Fionnuala Sweeney contributed to this report .	"  We have to wait until Wednesday morning , " Security Council president says The United States vows to veto the Palestinian request Israel says negotiations are the only way forward
MONTECITO , California  CNN  -- One of three major wildfires burning in southern California appears to be "  human caused , " a spokesman for the state 's fire agency said Sunday . Investigators have eliminated "  all accidental causes " of the fire that has destroyed 210 homes and injured two people in Santa Barbara County since Thursday , spokesman Doug Lannon said . "  We need the public 's help in identifying any activity in or around the afternoon of November 13 , " Lannon said . The fire has burned 1,940 acres , including a monastery and several mansions in the Montecito community , where celebrities , including Oprah Winfrey , have homes . It was 80 percent contained Sunday , the state fire agency said . Watch expensive homes go up in flames " Authorities believe the fire started in the Tea Garden Estate , a privately owned multi-acre property , about one mile north of Santa Barbara 's exclusive Westmont College . The two other major fires burning Sunday were in Los Angeles County and in Orange and Riverside counties east of Los Angeles . The three blazes have destroyed hundreds of homes , scorched more than 35,000 acres and forced more than 10,000 people to flee their homes since Thursday , authorities said . Authorities on Sunday were searching the wreckage of nearly 500 mobile homes destroyed in Sylmar , one of the areas burned by the fire in Los Angeles County . As of early Sunday afternoon , a third of the mobile homes had been searched , and "  no human remains have been found , " according to Los Angeles Deputy Police Chief Michael Moore . Police had not received any reports of people missing from the park . Moore said 134 residents had been accounted for , and that the others should check in with city authorities . Los Angeles County Coroner Ed Winter said authorities believe "  most of the people from this mobile home park were evacuated , " and that the search was precautionary . The Los Angeles County blaze erupted late Friday in the steep terrain of the Angeles National Forest on the outskirts of Sylmar , about 20 miles north of Los Angeles . See images from the Los Angeles County fire " That fire has burned more than 10,000 acres and is about 40 percent contained , California fire officials said Sunday . Nine other homes and 10 businesses had been destroyed in Los Angeles by Saturday evening , Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said . Firefighters were struggling to contain the third blaze , in Orange and Riverside counties , said Lynette Round , a spokeswoman for Orange County Fire Authority . iReport.com : ` Insurmountable ' wall of flames looms Firefighters were hoping that strong winds in southern California would die down Sunday , helping them to quell the blazes . "  If the winds die down it will give the firefighters an upper hand on fighting this , " Round told CNN on Sunday morning . "  It is a wind-driven fire and with those gusty winds up to 25 miles an hour , it 's giving the firefighters a really difficult time . It 's hopscotched throughout the county . " Round said 168 homes were destroyed or damaged in the Orange County area . The so-called Triangle Freeway Complex Fire had also damaged a building at a high school , Round said . That blaze , which burned more than 23,700 acres , is 19 percent contained , according to California fire officials . Watch residents as fire approaches their homes " Winds -- which have joined with low humidity and unseasonably high temperatures to help strengthen the fires -- were gusting up to 80 mph Saturday . The high temperature in Los Angeles reached 92 degrees , according to the National Weather Service . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared states of emergency for the affected counties after the fire damaged or destroyed hundreds of homes and closed major freeways . The move frees up any state resources needed for fire-fighting , and makes the counties eligible for federal assistance grants . In Los Angeles , Villaraigosa declared a city emergency early Saturday morning and called for the public 's cooperation in conserving energy as potential blackouts loomed . iReport.com : Share wildfire photos , video Augustine Reyes and his family left their home in Sylmar about 2 a.m. Saturday when they could no longer stand the oppressive heat and smoke encroaching from the hills behind their home . When Reyes returned to survey the scene Saturday afternoon , all that remained were heaps of charred rubble . Reyes dabbed his eyes with a bandana as he worried over how to describe the loss to his 7-year-old son . "  He 's autistic and does n't do well with change , so this is going to be very hard to explain to him , " Reyes said . Watch residents reflect after their homes are burned to the ground " By Saturday afternoon , people were taking refuge in evacuation shelters set up in three high schools in the area , officials said . Horses and other large animals were taken to a makeshift shelter in Hansen Dam Park . A mobile kennel was set up at Sylmar High School , and small pets could be taken to the Mission animal shelter . As for the Santa Barbara County fire , Lannon urged anyone who may have spotted suspicious vehicles or people in the area of the Tea Garden Estate in Montecito to call fire investigators at 951-969-2537 , 951-314-0420 or 661-330-0129 . CNN 's Stan Wilson and Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	Accidental causes eliminated in Santa Barbara County blaze , official says More than 35,000 acres scorched in southern California since Thursday Officials : Los Angeles County fire only 40 percent contained on Sunday Firefighters struggle with Triangle Complex Fire in Orange County
CNN  -- The tragic fate of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 , believed shot down by a missile in eastern Ukraine , killing all 298 on board , has cast a new light on the series of gambles Russian President Vladimir Putin embarked on in late February . At that time , Putin sent military intelligence troops in unmarked uniforms to take control of the southern Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea . Three weeks later , Russia annexed the region . As Russian-speaking Ukrainians farther north in Donetsk and Luhansk stormed administrative buildings , demanding independence from Kiev , Russian intelligence officers started slipping across the border to help organize the militias . In subsequent months , Moscow supplied the separatist guerrillas with artillery , tanks and anti-aircraft weapons . Putin 's goal appeared to be to pressure Ukraine 's leaders to negotiate with the Russia-backed rebels and offer constitutional autonomy to the country 's eastern regions . Intimidated by the superiority of the Russian army , Kiev -- it seemed -- would have to buckle under . This strategy was failing even before the Malaysia Airlines tragedy . Soon after his election last May , Ukraine 's new President , Petro Poroshenko , launched a determined military campaign to crush the separatist guerrillas . Although he might have been willing to negotiate with Putin , he showed no inclination to talk to the swashbuckling Russian desperadoes on the ground . The success Poroshenko 's operation was having explains why recently Moscow reportedly supplied its proxies with at least one radar-guided Buk missile system that could destroy Ukrainian military planes flying at high altitudes . Such missiles also had the range to hit the commercial airliners that continued to cross the conflict zone . While the facts about who shot down Flight MH-17 can only be settled by a full investigation , Ukraine 's government has said it has "  compelling evidence " that a Russian-supplied battery , manned by Russian operatives , fired the missile . ` Moment of truth ' for Putin Suddenly , the risks inherent in Putin 's gamble are glaringly obvious . By supplying weapons to the rebel militias , with their strange mix of intelligence agents , local thugs and trigger-happy Russian volunteers , Putin made himself a hostage to their brutish blundering . On Saturday , some of these "  freedom fighters , " apparently drunk , were said to be manhandling the corpses , while barring OSCE observers from the crash site . All must now await the results of the international investigation . If it concludes that the plane was shot down by rebels using a Russian-supplied missile -- or , worse still , by Russians themselves -- the pressure on Putin will become intense . The West , led by President Barack Obama , will demand that he cut off support to the rebels once and for all and seal the border . If Putin does not do so , tougher economic penalties are almost certain . Already , the latest round of U.S. sanctions , announced on July 17 , surprised observers by their severity . They targeted the third and fourth largest Russian banks -- VEB and Gazprombank -- as well as the energy companies Rosneft and Novatek , which are associated with the Putin cronies Igor Sechin and Gennady Timchenko . Putin will , thus , have two options , both dangerous for his regime . He could reject the conclusions of the international investigation and stand by the separatists . This would result in serious damage to the Russian economy from sanctions that might now target whole sectors such as banking or energy . Such measures would send the economy -- already forecast by the IMF to grow just 0.2 % this year -- into a painful recession . At the same time , the Kremlin would find itself more internationally isolated than at any time since the end of the Cold War . Not just the U.S. and Britain , but many other countries that were previously friendly or neutral would start to treat Putin as a pariah . And Putin would have to worry that his protÃ © gÃ © s across the border might commit some new atrocity , provoking the world into even tougher countermeasures . Opinion : How MH17 disaster backs Russia 's Putin into a corner Putin 's second option would be to accept the report 's conclusions and cut off supply lines to the rebels . But that could create significant problems for him at home . To those informed about the conflict by Russian state-controlled television , such a turnaround would be bewildering . A relentless barrage of propaganda has convinced many Russians that their co-ethnics in Donetsk and Luhansk are being massacred by troops commanded by a fascist regime in Kiev . For Putin to bow to international pressure and abandon his former charges would look like cowardice . Such a betrayal could quickly squelch the post-Crimea euphoria . From the start , the Kremlin 's strategy in Ukraine has aimed in part at consolidating domestic support . As the economy stagnates , Putin has sought to replace growth and prosperity as a basis for popularity with anti-Western nationalism and conservative values . In the past , xenophobic nationalists have been among the least favorable toward Putin . His current astronomical ratings -- 86 % in the latest Levada Center poll -- suggest at least some temporary success in winning them over . Were he to abandon the anti-Kiev insurgents , Putin could kiss such support goodbye . Moreover , were he to admit that Russian-backed rebels fired the missile , the credibility of Russian state-controlled television would suffer . The main channels have pushed a variety of conspiracy theories , including one in which the Ukrainian military shot down the plane , mistaking it for the jet flying Putin home from the BRICS summit in Brazil . Should Putin disavow such theories and endorse the Western version , his propagandists would look like liars . It remains possible that the investigation will fail to reach any strong conclusions , leaving Putin some wiggle room . But at this point interpretations completely exonerating Russia are few and far between . "  War , " wrote Clausewitz , "  is the province of chance . " The danger that a covert military operation could get out of hand should have been clear all along . For 14 years , Putin proceeded cautiously in international affairs , weighing expected costs and benefits before taking action . His decision to invade Crimea was so uncharacteristically risky -- with such large potential costs and short-lived benefits -- that it took many observers by surprise . Now , unless some new unexpected event turns up to rescue him , Putin faces an unappealing dilemma . Either way , the risks are high . Having gambled his way into trouble , he now has little choice but to roll the dice again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Treisman .	Daniel Treisman : Putin took a big risk when he annexed Crimea , backed Ukraine separatists He says the Russian President made himself hostage to brutish action of separatists Now Putin will either have to side with West or reject international consensus Treisman : Putin could make his regime a pariah or could lose support internally
Lalibela , Ethiopia  CNN  -- It 's 4 o'clock on a Sunday morning when a trail of figures dressed in white emerges from the deep darkness . Quietly , the summoned crowd makes its way down a cluster of ancient structures as the slow beat from traditional skin drums beckons . It 's a common scene here in Lalibela , a small town in northern Ethiopia that 's home to 11 spectacular churches carved both inside and out from a single rock some 900 years ago . The chiseled creations have turned this mountain town into a place of pride and pilgrimage for worshipers of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church , attracting 80,000 to 100,000 visitors every year . "  It is one of the very important places for the Ethiopian Orthodox Church people , " says local guide Fikru Woldegiorgis , who 's lived here most of his life . "  There is a belief that Lalibela pilgrims share the same blessing as pilgrims to Jerusalem , " he explains . "  They have to come at least once in a lifetime . " And they come from all over . Even though Lalibela sits in a remote region of Ethiopia , the faithful will walk for days , even weeks , to get here , many of them traversing the rugged mountains barefoot . Amongst them , blind men and women and people with disabilities also join the pilgrimage , making their way along Lalibela 's winding , hilly roads to reach the sacred site . "  What makes the Lalibela churches important is that they are still in use , " says Woldegiorgis . "  It 's not a museum ; it 's a living heritage . Every day , every morning , there is a service in all the churches . " Brimming with spirituality Ethiopia is home to one of the oldest Christian churches in the world , dating back to the early fourth century . The Ethiopian Orthodox Church used to be a part of Egypt 's Coptic Church , but established its own patriarch in 1959 . Today , nearly two thirds of the East African country 's population is Christian , with most belonging to the Orthodox Church . Read this : Will African coins rewrite Australian history ? Nowhere does the spirituality of the church 's followers echo louder than in Lalibela . The town is brimming with devotion ; throughout the churches ' compound , you 'll find worshipers leaning against the structures , kissing the age-old rock walls , praying quietly or reading religious texts . "  They come early to get the blessing -- because it 's such a big deal , every inch of the place is packed , " says Aba Gebreyesus , the priest who presides over all the churches in Lalibela . "  People are so happy with the blessings they get here , they come here without any prompting and spend their nights and days at the church . " Distinctive monuments The medieval structures were commissioned by King Lalibela , of the Zagwe Dynasty , which ruled much of the country back in the 12th century . There are several stories surrounding the creation of the churches , one of which says that humans worked during the day and angels would speed up the building overnight . Some historians say construction was completed at a remarkable pace , taking about 23 years . Watch this : Why do Rastafarians love Ethiopia ? Carved out of volcanic tuff rock , the famous churches have been built in a variety of styles . Some of them were chiseled into the face of the rock , where others stand as isolated blocks , like the iconic church of Saint George , constructed in the shape of the cross . A complex and extensive system of drainage ditches , tunnels and subterranean passageways connects the underground structures . Alebachev Retta , an 86-year-old church scholar who has studied in some of Ethiopia 's holiest cities , explains what makes these churches so distinctive . "  They are different because they were built from the top down , " he says . "  Everywhere in the world , structures are built from the ground up , " he adds . "  There is nothing comparable in the world . " Living legacy Thanks to their impressive architecture and rich influence on Ethiopian Christianity , the churches have been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1978 . Five years ago , UNESCO decided to erect protective coverings to shield four of the churches from the elements . The shelters may be unsightly , but experts say they are critical to preserving the integrity of the churches . In recent years , a conscious effort to develop Lalibela 's infrastructure has also brought further attention to this remote place , leading to the arrival of even more pilgrims and tourists . Retta says he 's seen positive changes in Lalibela over the years . He says he 's especially content with how it 's become a worldwide tourist destination . "  One , because the country 's culture should be shown , and secondly , many poor people in the area are being helped , " he says . "  Everyone is making a living through the tourism business . It 's great ; without the tourists , there is no salary for anyone . If the tourists stopped , everything will stop . " But that does n't seem likely , as visitors keep on coming to Lalibela 's churches . And although the sacred sites provide a solid foundation for the faithful , it 's the followers themselves that ultimately breathe life into these ancient rock walls .	Small town of Lalibela is a religious and pilgrimage center in Ethiopia Lalibela is famous for its 11 rock-hewn churches built 900 years ago It attracts tens of thousands of visitors every year Lalibela has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1978
CNN  -- Despite the intense scrutiny and heated emotions surrounding his client 's case , George Zimmerman 's defense attorney says he has no immediate plans to ask for a change of venue or to put his client on the stand . Zimmerman 's murder trial will begin with jury selection Monday in Seminole County , Florida -- the same county where 17-year-old Trayvon Martin was fatally shot last year . Zimmerman 's attorney , Mark O'Mara , said requesting a change of venue is only relevant if lawyers ca n't pick a suitable jury . "  If we can pick a jury in Seminole County , this is where the incident occurred and this is where the case should be decided , " O'Mara told HLN 's Jean Casarez . O'Mara also said there are no immediate plans for Zimmerman to testify . "  The defense does n't have to present any evidence , any piece of paper , any witness including the defendant . It is all up to whether or not the State can prove their case beyond a reasonable doubt , " he said . "  In this case , they have to disprove self-defense beyond a reasonable doubt . So if they get past all of that , such that we decide to put some witnesses on , we 'll decide whether or not George should take the stand . " He noted that Zimmerman has already given several voluntary statements to police , "  so all of that information is already out there . " Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , is charged with second-degree murder for shooting Martin on February 26 , 2012 . He said he shot the teenager in self-defense . What happened the night Trayvon Martin died ? On Saturday , voice recognition experts testified it 's impossible to positively identify whose screams are heard in the background of the 911 calls made the night Martin was shot . The full interview with Casarez will air on HLN 's "  Morning Express " on Monday . Trayvon Martin shooting Fast Facts CNN 's Colette Bennett contributed to this report .	George Zimmerman 's murder trial starts Monday with jury selection Lawyer : "  If we can pick a jury in Seminole County , this is where the case should be decided " Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder for shooting Trayvon Martin
CNN  Martin Greenfield is one of the world 's most respected and accomplished tailors . Since emigrating from the former Czechoslovakia to America in 1947 , he has dressed everyone from the Rat Pack and Leonardo DiCaprio to Presidents Dwight Eisenhower and Barack Obama . But Greenfield 's success follows tremendous adversity . As a teenager , he survived two horrific years in concentration camps during the Holocaust , and lost his parents and siblings at the hands of the Nazis . In this excerpt from his memoir Measure of a Man , Greenfield describes how an encounter with an SS guard at Auschwitz led him to pick up a needle and thread for the first time , and how tragedy taught him the power of clothes . Martin Greenfield : It was our second day inside Auschwitz . The soldiers asked if we knew any trades , like masonry , carpentry , medicine -- that kind of thing . Dad grabbed my wrist and thrust it into the air . "  He is a mechanic . Very skilled , " he said . Above the gates at Auschwitz was a sign . It read Arbeit macht frei  "  Work makes you free "  . By volunteering my skills as a mechanic , my father protected me . It was his way of marking me for the Germans as a Jew whose skills they could exploit , as one not to be burned . As soon as my father offered up my skills , two Germans walked toward us to take me away . I then did something I should not have done , something stupid : I ran . Why , I do not know . Fences and soldiers were everywhere . Where did I think I was going ? I can not say . But for whatever reason , I ran . A few paces into my sprint , I heard a barking German shepherd barreling down on me . My arms pumped hard as I stretched my stride and ran faster than I 'd ever run before . The barks got louder . I snapped my head back over my shoulder and saw the dog closing in . He leapt and latched his teeth onto my leg . I looked down . The dog hung from my calf . I shoved his head with both hands . He snarled and gnashed violently as I struggled to pry him loose . The dog 's jaw unlocked , taking a meaty chunk with him . Blood spurted on my prisoner uniform , the dog 's mouth -- everywhere . I tried not to cry . Not in front of my father , not in front of the other men and boys . The two soldiers tromped over to retrieve the dog and make sure he was uninjured . They then snatched me up off the ground and hauled me away from the group . I thought maybe that night I would join my father again , but that did not happen . That day , my second inside Auschwitz , was the last time I ever saw my father . The Germans dragged me to the laundry . Whether they wanted me first to perform a simpler task than mechanical work , or whether this was a punishment for trying to flee , I do not know . But after my sprinting stunt , I was eager to show the Germans I was a hard worker who could be of use . My first job in the camps was washing Nazi uniforms . I knew nothing of the task . Still , I grabbed a brush and an SS soldier 's shirt and scrubbed hard and fast . After working my way about halfway through the pile , it happened . I scrubbed so hard the bristles ripped the collar . The face of the pacing soldier at my station flushed red . I do not remember his words , but I remember his baton . He beat me until I bled . He needed to make an example out of me for the other prisoners . When he was finished with my flogging , he balled up the torn shirt and threw it in my face before huffing off . The shirt was trash to the soldier but not to me . I kept it . Working in the laundry was a nice man who knew how to sew . He gave me a needle and thread and taught me how to sew a simple stitch . I mended the shirt . To this day I still do n't know why , but when I got up the courage , I slipped the soldier 's shirt on and wore it under my striped prisoner uniform . It was a crazy thing to do , because none of the other prisoners had a shirt . But I did it anyhow . From that day on , the soldiers treated me a little bit better . They thought I was somebody -- someone who mattered , someone not to be killed . The prisoners treated me a little bit better as well . You must remember that some of the kapos  supervisors  were Jewish prisoners , but they could be brutal . They wanted to please the Germans , so some of them would be hard on us so the Germans would not punish them . Sometimes the kapos were harsher than some of the Germans . When I had my soldier shirt on , however , that did not happen . When I wore the shirt , the kapos did n't mess with me . The shirt means something , I thought . And so I wore the shirt . In fact , I ripped another one on purpose so I could have two . The day I first wore that shirt was the day I learned clothes possess power . Clothes do n't just "  make the man , " they can save the man . They did for me . Of course , receiving your first tailoring lesson inside a Nazi concentration camp was hardly the ideal apprenticeship . I would have much preferred to hone my craft on Savile Row or in the mills of Milan . Looking back , though , that moment in the camps marked the beginning of the rest of my life . Strangely enough , two ripped Nazi shirts helped this Jew build America 's most famous and successful custom-suit company . God has a wonderful sense of humor . Martin Greenfield 's memoir "  Measure of a Man " is available now .	World-renowned tailor Martin Greenfield has dressed everyone from Leonardo DiCaprio to President Barack Obama In his memoir Measure of a Man , he details his his years spent as a prisoner at Nazi concentration camps and the loss of his family Greenfield now runs Martin Greenfield Clothiers with his sons in Brooklyn
CNN  -- Sing it with me , kids ! I 'm a little Nazi short and stout , here is mein handle , here is mein spout . So , JCPenney is selling a new teapot that looks sort of like Adolf Hitler . Well , inasmuch as a teapot can actually appear like a fascist dictator . But it does . And , really , it might be the greatest advertising gaffe you 'll ever see . At least until Gilbert Gottfried somehow becomes a spokesman for Tampax . "  Damn it , Jim , what were we thinking ? " Back to the teapot : It did n't take long for motorists on Southern California 's 405 freeway -- where evening plans go to die -- to notice something in the sky that looked a little unusual . It was a billboard promoting this new kitchen essential . And there was no mistaking its resemblance . Pure Hitler . Not to be confused with the classic Eagles double album by the same name . Now , in case you ca n't quite figure out the similarities in the teapot image , notice that the top handle swoops wider to one side mimicking Hitler 's dark , curtained hair . The knob on the lid closely resembles his infamous trademark toothbrush moustache . And the spout rises into the air as though he 's giving a Nazi salute . That , or he 's just waving to the Eva Braun coffee maker . Either way , it 's him . However , at this time I ca n't confirm whether or not the Hitler teapot is designed with only one testicle . Clearly , that little attention to detail would prove this was far more than a simple coincidence . Mind you , the standard two testicles would be equally concerning . Regardless , I 'm still willing to give JCPenney the benefit of the doubt that this was all just an accident .  The retailer did n't respond to our request for comment . Though , to be fair , as a spectator of life with a front row seat , I do enjoy the controversy . For if you 're going to accidentally have your product resemble a famous person , somehow , by a strange law of comedy that ca n't be explained , the absolute worst human being in the history of the world is far more amusing than , say , Tom Hanks . Now , understand that this particular teapot , from JCPenney 's exclusive Michael Graves Design collection , quickly went viral after images of the billboard appeared on Reddit and Twitter . And that 's when things turned delightfully melodramatic . Culver City 's Democratic mayor , Jeffrey Cooper , complained to Mother Jones magazine : "  I am disappointed JCPenney actually put that billboard up in the first place . ... As a Jew , I am offended ,  and  as an elected official , I am mad that the city I represent is linked to this . " Presumably , he then breathed heavily into a paper bag for half an hour while listening to Enya . Seriously , pull yourself together , man . If anything , here 's all you had to say : "  Yep . Definitely looks like Hitler . Surprised they did n't see it , but I 'm pretty sure there was no intention to offend anyone . My guess is they 'll take down the billboard and apologize . " Which is exactly what JCPenney did . They took down the billboard and even had some fun on Twitter replying to comments . In fact , when comedian Patton Oswalt tweeted , "  Well , JC Penney , get ready to sell a S *** LOAD of these teakettles to a lot of ironic hipsters , " the retailer quickly responded with , "  Totally unintentional . But they 'll need to grab it in stores since it 's sold out online . #SadHipsters . " Naturally , sales skyrocketed after the photos went viral . The $ 40 teapot is now back-ordered on JCPenney 's site until late June , and some of the teapots even started listing on eBay for $ 200 . Sadly , I have to admit that now I kind of want one for my house as a conversation piece . "  So , what do you think of my Hitler teapot ? " "  I think you need to put on pants . " Not surprisingly , the sales boom started when it all became one big social media circus . Which is why you sort of have to applaud the seemingly levelheaded responses by JCPenney , which never equaled the drama of Cooper 's outrage culture hysteria . Even the Anti-Defamation League took it in stride , commenting to Mother Jones that "  JCPenney did the right thing by responding to public concerns and removing the tea pot from their product line . We take JCPenney at their word that any resemblance to the Nazi dictator was completely unintended . " In the end , it 's just a minor blip in the cosmos . But , from a social perspective , what 's truly interesting is that Hitler -- at least as an iconic image -- does n't seem to have the same meaning to a newer generation which is further removed from his horrors and unthinkable crimes . Kind of like Genghis Khan to anyone during the last 700 years . These days , to many , Hitler has become just sort of a caricature , having transcended his evil reality into something far more abstract . Like a teapot . And this explains why we nonchalantly have the website Cats That Look Like Hitler . Which , clearly , by the laws of comedy , is way more fun than dogs that look like Tom Hanks .	The Hitler-like teapot on a JCPenney billboard caught the attention of motorists JCPenney says any similarities to Hitler were unintentional Culver City mayor was offended by the ad placement in his city
CNN  -- Eight Florida teenagers -- six of them girls -- will be tried as adults and could be sentenced to life in prison for their alleged roles in the videotaped beating of another teen , the state attorney 's office said Thursday . The teenagers seen in a video assaulting a 16-year-old could face life in prison . The suspects , who range in age from 14 to 18 , all face charges of kidnapping , which is a first-degree felony , and battery , said Chip Thullbery , a spokesman for the Polk County state attorney . Three of them are also charged with tampering with a witness . Everyone involved in the case was under a gag order imposed by a judge . The only attorney for the teens who has been publicly identified did not return calls from CNN , and his assistant cited the gag order as the reason . The teens are scheduled for their first appearance in court Friday . The video shows a brutal scene : The 16-year-old victim is punched , kneed and slapped by other girls . She huddles in the fetal position , or stands and screams at her attackers , but the assault continues . Authorities say the eight teens said they were retaliating for insults posted on the Internet by the attack victim . Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd called the March 30 attack "  animalistic . " "  I 've been involved in law enforcement for 35 years , and I 've seen a lot of extremely violent events , but I 've never seen children , 14 to 18 years of age , engage in this conduct for a 30-minute period of time and then make these video clips , " he said . Police say the teens planned to post the video on YouTube . Watch the disturbing video " The victim , a 16-year-old from Lakeland , Florida , was hospitalized , and still has blurred vision , hearing loss , and a swollen face , her mother told CNN on Wednesday . The video shows only girls doing the beating ; Judd said the boys acted as lookouts . The idea of girls administering a vicious beating so they can post the video online may seem shocking , but it 's becoming an increasingly common scenario , according to experts and news reports . Watch why more teens are putting fights online " A search for "  girl fight " on YouTube gets thousands of results , and a suggestion to also try "  girl fight at school , boy girl fight " and other search terms . There 's at least one Web site devoted exclusively to videos of girls fighting . In 2003 , 25 percent of high school girls said they had been in a physical fight in the past year , according to a survey by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .  The figure for boys was 40.5 percent . A Justice Department report released in 2006 showed that by age 17 , 21 percent of girls said they had assaulted someone with the intent to cause serious harm . Frank Green is executive director of Keys to Safer Schools , a group that studies and tries to prevent school violence . He said he 's not sure whether girls have actually become more violent , or whether there 's just more awareness of their fights . "  In one respect , girls have always been more vicious than boys , " Green said . "  Their violence is of a personal nature . " He said boys usually have some focus and a concrete goal when they fight . "  But girls want to cause pain and make the other girl feel bad , " he said . Judd , the Polk County sheriff , said an important part of the plan in the Lakeland attack was to post the video of the beating on YouTube to humiliate and embarrass the victim . "  It 's the next stage of cyberbullying , " psychologist Susan Lipkins said . "  They want to show what they 're doing . " "  Our kids are being peer pressured , in another sense of a trend , to put these shock videos out there at other peoples ' expense , " said Talisa Lindsay , the victim 's mother . "  And I hope that it does n't come to the point where there 's more people 's lives that are being affected by having to take a beating for entertainment , or possibly being killed . " Watch mother describe how the victim is doing " The suspects did n't have a chance to post the video online before police moved in and seized it , Judd said . The Sheriff 's Department made it public , and it wound up on YouTube anyway . Judd recognizes the irony . "  In a perverted sense , we were feeding into exactly what the kids wanted , " he said . "  But according to Florida law , -LSB- the video -RSB- is public record , and it 's going to be in the public domain whether we agree with that or not . " Judd said the suspects showed no remorse when they were arrested and booked . "  They were laughing and joking about , ' I guess we wo n't get to go to the beach during spring break . ' And one ... asked whether she could go to cheerleading practice , " he said . Lipkins , the psychologist , says there 's a "  disconnect between their actions and their thoughts . " "  They think the entire society is doing it , and they think it 's funny . So they put it on YouTube . And I do n't think they expect kids to get really hurt , and they also do n't expect to get really caught . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Eight Florida teens to be tried as adults in videotaped beating case Video shows 16-year-old girl punched by other girls 21 percent of girls age 17 say they 've assaulted someone , the Justice Dept. reports The teens have "  disconnect " between thoughts and actions , psychologist says
Princeton , Indiana  CNN  -- President Barack Obama brought his midterm economic message -- that the economy is better but not better enough -- to a steel plant here Friday , noting a strong jobs report and taking partial credit for the nation 's economic recovery . "  This progress that we 've been making -- it 's been hard , " he said at the Millennium Steel plant in Princeton , which provides a nearby Toyota factory with parts . "  It goes in fits and starts . It 's not always been perfectly smooth or as fast as we want , but it is real , and it is steady , and it is happening . And it 's making a difference in economies all across the country . " The White House believes the nation 's economic recovery could help propel Democrats to wins in November , though polls show Americans are still pessimistic about how far the nation has come since its recession-era depths . While jobs have returned -- as evidenced by a report Friday showing the unemployment rate dropping to its lowest point since July 2008 -- many Americans are still struggling to find full-time work or positions that pay pre-recession wages . "  There is a lot of good stuff happening in the economy right now , " Obama said Friday . "  But as we all know there there are still challenges . " That 's the message Obama and fellow Democrats plan to sell to voters in the month left before midterm elections , though Obama himself has yet to campaign for a candidate running in November . Even when he visits states with competitive races , Democrats on the ballot have been reluctant to appear at official events with Obama . Friday 's event , in far southwestern Indiana , was covered heavily by media outlets from nearby Kentucky , where Sen. Mitch McConnell , the Republican leader , is battling Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes . That race that 's become a referendum of Obama 's own policies , which McConnell has crusaded against on Capitol Hill . The line likely to make the local newscasts : Obama 's defense of new power plant rules that McConnell and other Republicans have lambasted as a "  war of coal . " "  The real war on coal is natural gas , " Obama said , noting cheaper alternatives to coal had led to problems for the industry . "  Obviously causes some hardship in communities that traditionally relied on coal , " he conceded , saying he was working to find ways to burn coal in ways that emit less pollution .	Obama touts manufacturing gains at a steel plant in Indiana Democrats hope to drive economic message ahead of midterms
CNN  -- Punk rock fuel-injected the beat of rock and roll in the mid-1970s with a frenetic tempo . On Friday , the drummer who gunned out those rhythms with pioneering punk band the Ramones passed away . Tommy Ramone was 65 and the last living original member of the band , which debuted its first album in 1976 . Ramone was also one of the band 's composers . A notice of his death was posted on the band 's Facebook page with his age . The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame reported that he was 62 . Ramone was reportedly battling cancer when he died . With their racing-pulse beat and disparaging , cynical lyrics that were combined with oddly florid but loud guitar riffs , the Ramones kicked off a music and counterculture movement in New York that quickly spread to Britain . It came echoing back from London in variations from groups like the Clash and the Sex Pistols . Glue-sniffing darkness Their debut album , "  Ramones , " left little doubt about the direction of the new rock style with song titles like : "  Beat on the Brat , " "  Chain Saw , " "  Now I Wan na Sniff Some Glue . " Not all of their lyrics were dark . Some were playful ruckus , but most of them seemed to come "  from a sullen adolescent basement of the mind , " as the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame put it . Their head-banging rock cut like a machete into the candy-glazed , infatuated glam pop of the time that was vaulting the band ABBA to Beatles-like elevations . A flock of similar kissable , bell-bottomed groups were riding their coattails . Then punk rock slammed into the party head-on . Clashing with glam pop The Ramones ' black leather , torn jeans and canvas sneakers clashed with the rainbow satin , sequins and platform shoes that had overtaken youth culture . The everyday heroes the Ramones sang about had dumped surfboards and disco gyrations for lives as pogo-ing punk rockers in the urban grit of places like Berlin and New York . The Ramones were practically the house band of the hole-in-the-wall rock bar CBGB on lower Manhattan 's Bowery , a neighbor to skid row . Other American punk and new wave acts like Blondie , the Cramps and Joan Jett joined them there . The Hall of Fame credits the band with saving rock music "  from one of its lowest ebbs . " "  The Ramones got back to basics : simple , speedy , stripped-down rock and roll songs . Voice , guitar , bass , drums . No makeup , no egos , no light shows , no nonsense . " Tommy Ramone said the intention was innovation with a statement . "  It was n't just music in the Ramones : it was an idea . It was bringing back a whole feel that was missing in rock music -- it was a whole push outwards to say something new and different , " he said . Iron Curtain While his Hall of Fame biography states that Ramone was born Tom Erdelyi in Budapest , Hungary , he was actually born in that city as Erdelyi Tamas , on January 29 , 1949 , and his name was changed to Tom Erdelyi after he emigrated with his family to the United States in 1957 , according to Andy Schwartz , a representative of Ramone 's longtime domestic partner , Claudia Tienan . It was during the morbid wake of World War II , when the Soviet Union was beginning to cement Eastern Europe into a communist bloc . Some of the Ramones ' music reflects that Cold War background with songs like "  Blitzkrieg Bop " and the album "  Rocket to Russia . " Ramone built his music career on the band but handed over the drum sticks in 1978 . In subsequent years , he still drummed , composed and produced for other bands , including the Talking Heads . But in the decade prior to his death , he did n't play drums for any band , including Uncle Monk , the acoustic duo he formed with Tienan , Schwartz said . Ramone also stopped composing for other artists during this period , Schwartz said . The other original band members passed away between 2001 and 2004 , according to the Hall of Fame . Joey Ramone , born Jeffrey Hyman , died of cancer in 2001 at age 49 . Dee Dee Ramone , born Douglas Colvin , died from an apparent overdose in 2002 at age 49 . Johnny Ramone , born John Cummings , died of cancer in 2004 at age 52 . People we lost in 2014	The Ramones are credited with kicking off the punk rock movement Their music is fast , loud and cynical , but with an upbeat tune They were joined in the new music style by the likes of the Sex Pistols and the Clash Tommy Ramone was the last living member of the original band
Russian forces moved Saturday to consolidate control over Crimea . Six Russian special forces ' armored personnel carriers broke through the gates of Belbek Airbase , firing warning shots into the air , a spokesman for Ukraine 's Ministry of Defense in Crimea , Vladislav Seleznev , told CNN . One journalist was injured in the attack , he said . Once inside , the Russians lined up the Ukrainians in one place , he said . In a separate incident , pro-Russian self-defense forces stormed the Novofederoskoe military base , also in Crimea , taking control of it , a Ukraine defense ministry spokesman said Saturday . Ukrainian forces on the base threw smoke bombs during the incident and retreated to the base 's headquarters , according to Seleznev , in a Facebook posting . The base 's aviation brigade then sang the Ukrainian national anthem , lowered the Ukrainian flag and left the base , he said . The White House reacted by urging Russia to open talks with the Ukrainian government . "  As we have said , the Russian military is directly responsible for any casualties that its forces -- whether they be regular uniformed troops or irregulars without insignias -- inflict on Ukrainian military members , " said Laura Lucas Magnuson , a spokeswoman for the National Security Council , in a statement . The reports "  highlight the dangerous situation created by Russia and belie President  Vladimir  Putin 's claim that Russia 's military intervention in Crimea has brought security to that part of Ukraine . " The incidents occurred as international observers were set to arrive in Ukraine to monitor the security and human rights situation in a posting expected to last at least six months . But they will not enter the contested region of Crimea , a statement from the Russian Foreign Ministry said , because this "  became part of Russia . " Moscow annexed the territory this week following a controversial snap referendum there that produced an overwhelming majority of votes in favor of leaving Ukraine to join Russia . The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe will eventually deploy a total of 100 observers throughout Ukraine in hopes of "  reducing tensions and fostering peace , stability and security . " They will also check that the rights of ethnic minorities are being protected . Advance teams were to be deployed within 24 hours , the OSCE said Friday . The regional security organization may widen the mission to include 400 more monitors , and extend it for a second six-month period if requested by the Kiev government . Russia , which is one of the OSCE 's 57 member states , approved the mission , according to state-run Russian news agency , RIA Novosti . Russia 's Foreign Ministry said it hoped the observers ' work would "  help to overcome the internal Ukrainian crisis , stop rampant nationalist banditry , eradicate ultra-radical tendencies , help achieve national reconciliation and social respect , political , linguistic , educational , cultural and religious rights of the people in all regions of Ukraine . " Russia has previously said it reserves the right to enter Ukrainian territory to protect ethnic Russians from what it says is a threat from ultra-nationalists and fascists . Meanwhile , European leaders have demanded that independent monitors be granted access to the Crimean peninsula , which Russia now calls its own territory . OSCE monitors made multiple attempts to enter Crimea during the height of the crisis when pro-Russian militias took control of the region . But armed men at the borders turned them back . Ukraine , the United States and other Western powers maintain that the Black Sea peninsula is still a part of Ukraine . "  We must not allow a new division of Europe , " German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said Saturday in Kiev , where he met with with Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk and acting President Oleksandr Turchinov . Yatsenyuk also met Saturday with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who then reiterated that any solution must be a diplomatic one and called for direct talks between Kiev and Moscow , the U.N. spokesperson said in a statement . Kiev going West Yatsenyuk signed the political elements of a trade pact with the European Union on Friday as Russian lawmakers finalized annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region . The signing in Brussels signaled Europe 's solidarity with Ukraine and carries additional symbolic force . It was the decision by Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych in November to ditch the trade pact in favor of closer ties with Russia that triggered the protests that led to his ouster in February and spiraled into the current crisis . On Saturday , Ukraine 's Chief Prosecutor Oleg Mohnitsky , Deputy Prosecutor Alexei Baganets and Interior Minister Arsen Avakov told reporters that raids carried out Friday on apartments and offices linked to two of Yanukovych 's cabinet members had turned up signs of corruption -- millions of dollars in cash , gold and jewels . Putin , flanked by the speakers of both houses of Russia 's Parliament , signed a treaty Friday finalizing the accession to Russia of the Crimea region and its port city of Sevastopol . Russia 's Black Sea Fleet is based in Sevastopol , making it strategically important to Moscow . The region also has a majority ethnic Russian population and long historical ties to Russia . Although Russia insists that its actions are legitimate , Ukraine 's interim government has said Kiev will never stop fighting for Crimea . The Ukrainian naval fleet 's sole submarine has been taken over by the Russians , a spokesman for Ukraine 's Defense Ministry said Saturday . The Zaporizhia was taken over and placed under the flag of the Russian naval fleet when its commander abandoned it after deciding not to join with Russian forces , Seleznev , the Ukraine defense spokesman , told CNN . The incident occurred near Sevastopol , in Striletska Bay . The Soviet-era diesel-electric submarine is more than 40 years old , but was upgraded by Russian engineers a couple of years ago , according to the state-run news agency Ria Novosti . Seleznev later said on his Facebook page -- citing sources in Sevastopol -- that Crimean self-defense forces and Russian special forces had taken another Ukrainian ship , the Slavutych . The ship was captured "  after a two-hour assault , " Seleznev said , though the Ukrainian ship 's crew members came ashore and did n't suffer any injuries . Fighting for Crimea Moscow has doggedly pursued its own course even as Western leaders have denounced its actions as violations of Ukraine 's sovereignty and a breach of international law . U.S. President Barack Obama plans to meet with leaders of the G7 group of industrialized nations next week to discuss Ukraine . Russia has been excluded from the talks on the sidelines of a nuclear summit in the Netherlands . A planned EU-Russia summit has also been canceled , as the West seeks to increase Moscow 's isolation over its actions in Ukraine . And a spokesman for the Mayor of London , Boris Johnson , said Friday he had canceled a planned high-level trade visit to Moscow in October . That step followed a new round of sanctions imposed by EU leaders Thursday against 12 individuals . Those sanctions brought to 33 the total number of people facing EU asset freezes and travel bans . Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Aleksandr Lukashevich dismissed the latest move by EU leaders in a statement posted to the Foreign Ministry website Saturday . "  It is a pity that the European Council adopted a decision which is divorced from reality , " he said . "  Russia reserves the right to give an adequate response to the undertaken action . " The United States announced its own new round of sanctions on Thursday against 20 individuals and a bank which U.S. officials say is linked to Putin and senior Russian officials . Washington had already announced sanctions on 11 individuals . Further sanctions which would target Russia 's economic interests are threatened by both the European Union and the United States if Moscow does not act to deescalate the situation . Travel warning The United States is keeping a close eye on the large-scale drills Russia 's military are conducting near Ukraine 's eastern border with the country . National Security Adviser Susan Rice said Friday it 's "  not clear " what is signaled by Russia massing its forces near the border -- and suggested Washington is wary . "  The Russians have stated that they are intending military exercises , " she said . "  Obviously , given their past practice and the gap between what they have said and what they have done , we are watching it with skepticism . " Rice also praised the Ukrainian people and government for their "  enormous restraint in the face of obvious provocation . " She added , "  They 've made clear that their interest is in a unified , democratic future that is ... in an existence at peace with both Russia and with western Europe and the United States . " The U.S. State Department also issued a travel warning for Ukraine Friday . It cautioned U.S. citizens "  to defer all non-essential travel to Ukraine and to defer all travel to the Crimean Peninsula and eastern regions of Kharkiv , Donetsk and Lugansk due to the presence of Russian military forces in the Crimean Peninsula . " While the transition to a new government has been largely peaceful , some clashes have broken out in eastern regions , the State Department said , and "  groups advocating closer ties to Russia have taken on a more strident anti-American tone , especially in Crimea . " Russia sanctions : EU should leave trade alone Sanctions on Russia : Would World Cup boycott hit harder ? Opinion : Putin 's breathtaking lies about Russia Crimea remarries -- but that divorce will be messy CNN Money : U.S. targets Putin 's banker , threatens trade	Ukraine official : Another ship taken over off Crimea ; no injuries Russia takes over Ukraine 's sole submarine Official : Russia "  reserves the right to give an adequate response " to EU sanctions "  We must not allow a new division of Europe , " says German foreign minister
CNN  -- Kanye West has high expectations from his fans at concerts . And if you ca n't meet them , he 's going to need to know why . While performing in Sydney on Friday , West paused his performance to request that all audience members stand before he went on with the show . It 's not unusual for an artist to ask the audience to physically participate , but West 's insistence at his concert Friday led to a very uncomfortable moment . "  I 've decided , I ca n't do this song , I ca n't do the rest of this show until everybody stands up , " West said , adding an exception for those with handicaps . "  No , seriously -- I wo n't go on with the show unless y' all stand up . " As video from the concert shows , West really was n't kidding , as he took several moments to scan the audience for anyone sitting down . When he spotted two people who still were n't standing , West initially griped , "  This was the longest I 've had to wait to do a song . It 's unbelievable . " According to The Hollywood Reporter , one of those individuals had a prosthetic limb , and another was in a wheelchair . After sending someone over to investigate why the two concertgoers were n't standing , West quickly clarified that "  if you 're using a wheelchair , then it 's fine . ... Only if he 's in a wheelchair . " Once he 'd confirmed that those not standing really could n't , West continued with his show . The stunt was met with an immediate backlash on Twitter . According to the Daily Mail , it was n't the first time West has been criticized for making that kind of demand . Opinion : Kanye West and proving your disabilities	Kanye West has been criticized for insisting the audience stand up during a concert The rapper was in Australia when he made the demand He held up the show until he 'd confirmed that everyone who could was standing
CNN  -- A federal appeals court on Monday affirmed a previous injunction of Arizona 's controversial immigration law , another setback for legislation that has drawn sharp opposition from President Barack Obama 's administration . In its ruling , a three-judge panel on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit sided with the U.S. Justice Department and against Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who signed the measure known as SB 1070 into law last year . Among other things , this legislation would have required local law enforcement in Arizona to apprehend and help deport illegal immigrants . The Obama administration sued , arguing that only the federal government has that authority . That lawsuit led to U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton 's decision last July , which temporarily blocked the law 's most contested parts just a day before they were scheduled to go into effect . That included the requirement that local police officers should check a person 's immigration status while enforcing other laws . Monday 's decision came more than five months after both sides presented their cases in San Francisco to the federal appeals court judges . The ruling was written by federal Judge Richard Anthony Paez and supported in full by Judge John Noonan . Judge Carlos Bea partially concurred and partially dissented from the ruling opinion . "  We hold that the district court did not abuse its discretion , " the ruling states . "  Therefore , we affirm the district court 's preliminary injunction order enjoining these certain provisions of SB 1070 . " Arizona 's governor and attorney general will now consider "  their legal options , " according to a statement , including possibly an immediate petition to the U.S. Supreme Court . Brewer claimed Monday in this statement that the latest decision "  does harm to the safety and well-being of Arizonans who suffer the negative effects of illegal immigration . " "  For decades , the federal government has neglected its constitutional duty to American citizens by failing to secure the border , " she said . "  States like Arizona have borne the brunt of that failure . " Those on the other side of the issue , including key figures in Arizona 's immigrant community , applauded the ruling . ` What this decision says is that Governor Brewer is wrong , " Lydia Guzman of Somos America , an activist group focused on promoting social justice and equal rights for immigrant communities in Arizona , told reporters Monday . "  This decision shows a victory on the side of justice and it shows that civil rights prevails . " The ruling is the biproduct of a lawsuit filed by the Justice Department that challenged six of the Arizona law 's provisions , meaning other parts of the law went into effect in July . That includes a ban on "  sanctuary cities " : municipalities with laws or policies that render them relatively safe for undocumented immigrants . Bolton 's ruling also allowed a provision making it illegal to hire day laborers if doing so impedes traffic . In addition , the ruling allowed parts of the law dealing with sanctions for employers who hire illegal immigrants . Republican lawmakers , Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio and other state governments were among those filing briefs with the appeals court supporting Arizona 's argument . The Mexican government , the Anti-Defamation League , the American Immigration Lawyers Association and the city of Tucson , Arizona , were among those filing briefs supporting the Justice Department 's side . In its lawsuit , the Justice Department challenged only six of the Arizona law 's provisions , meaning others went into effect in July . That includes a ban on "  sanctuary cities " : municipalities with laws or policies that render them relatively safe for undocumented immigrants . Bolton 's ruling also allowed a provision making it illegal to hire day laborers if doing so impedes traffic . In addition , the ruling allowed parts of the law dealing with sanctions for employers who hire illegal immigrants . The decision Monday sides with the U.S. Justice Department , largely on the argument that federal immigration policy would be greatly undermined -- as might America 's standing in the world -- if individual states adopted their own separate immigration laws . Doing so , the ruling contends , equates to a given state adopting its own foreign policy , one that may be in opposition to national policy . "  That 50 individual states or one individual state should have a foreign policy is absurdity too gross to be entertained . In matters affecting the intercourse of the federal nation with other nations , the federal nation must speak with one voice , " the ruling says . Brewer , along with Attorney General Tom Horne , on Monday said the appeals court relied too much on testimony from "  foreign governments , " calling it wrong to give such nations "  the de facto right to veto the duly-enacted laws of a sovereign state of the United States . " In his partial dissent -- which represents his opinion , but does not equate to law -- Bea contended that local and state officers do have a role in addressing federal immigration laws . "  Congress intended that state officers be free to inquire of the federal officers into the immigration status of any person , without any direction or supervision of such federal officers -- and the federal officers ` shall respond ' to any such inquiry , " he writes . In February , Brewer announced that Arizona had filed a countersuit against the federal government , seeking the authority to implement its own border security efforts . At that time , Homeland Security Department spokesman Matt Chandler called Arizona 's court claim a "  meritless " one that "  does nothing to secure the border . "	NEW : An immigrant activist says , "  This decisions says ... Gov. Brewer is wrong " Brewer says the ruling harms "  the safety and well-being of Arizonans " U.S. appeals court judges on Monday affirm an earlier ruling on Arizona 's SB 1070 That ruling had blocked key provisions of the law , just before they became law
CNN  -- The tragedy of Ebola is not just its staggering toll . It 's also the implicit racism that the deadly virus has spawned . The anecdotes are sickening , particularly a Reuters report this week that children of African immigrants in Dallas -- little ones with no connection to Thomas Duncan , the Liberian Ebola patient who died Wednesday in a local hospital -- have been branded "  Ebola kids " simply because of their heritage or skin color . In both the United States and Europe , Ebola is increasing racial profiling and reviving imagery of the "  Dark Continent . " The disease is persistently portrayed as West African , or African , or from countries in a part of the world that is racially black , even though nothing medically differentiates the vulnerability of any race to Ebola . A Newsweek cover last month showed a picture of a chimpanzee with the headline : "  A Back Door for Ebola : Smuggled Bushmeat Could Spark a U.S. Epidemic . " Whatever the intent , the picture was wrong . Turns out the story was probably wrong , too , as a Washington Post investigation revealed . The new Ebola outbreak "  likely had nothing to do with bushmeat consumption , " the Post reported , and there is no conclusive evidence that Ebola has been passed from animals to humans . A theory on animal-to-human transmission with some limited traction centers on dead fruit bats , not chimps . "  There is virtually no chance that ` bushmeat ' smuggling could bring Ebola to America , " the Post concluded . But the damage has been done . And as panic deepens , the danger is that racism -- on planes and public transportation , in lines , on streets , in glances -- deepens further , too . Ebola is a human tragedy , just like enterovirus D68 , which causes sudden muscle weakness and severe respiratory problems , particularly among children . It has shown up in almost all the 50 states , with about 500 Americans infected so far , far more than ever . And it has begun to kill , beginning with a 4-year-old boy in New Jersey . Five new cases were reported in New Jersey alone on Tuesday . And there are no antiviral vaccines or cures . Yet enterovirus D68 is known by a scientific name and number .  Unfortunately for Africans , the Ebola virus was named after the Congolese river where the first outbreak was detected  . The saga of Thomas Duncan reflects racial perceptions . His girlfriend , Louise , whom he had reportedly been visiting in Dallas , had publicly begged for him to be given the same experimental ZMapp medication given to two  white  American missionaries who were infected in Africa and recently flown back to the United States . "  I 'm just asking God and asking the American government for the same medicine they 're giving people that come from Liberia , " she said during an interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  Please , please , please , please , help me save his life . ... Talk to doctors . They 'll find means to get a medicine to cure him . He 's so young . " Louise refused to allow her last name to be used for fear of repercussions . Unfortunately , doctors and the pharmaceutical developer said there was no longer any ZMapp left for Duncan or any other victim . But the imagery that accompanied his plight lingers : Whites can be flown to the United States or Europe at any expense , while Africans are left to die unattended on the streets of Liberia or Sierra Leone . Or now , without ZMapp , in Dallas . "  It 's easy for the world -- the powerful world , who are largely non-African , non-people of color -- to ignore the suffering of poor , black people , " Harvard Medical School professor Joia Mukherjee said on PRI 's "  The World " last month . It 's easy , she said , to "  other-ize " the Ebola crisis . Fear too often contorts morality and humanity . Complete coverage on Ebola	Ebola is increasing racial profiling , says Robin Wright The saga of Ebola victim Thomas Duncan reflects racial perceptions , Wright says Danger is that as panic deepens , so will racism , she says
London  CNN  -- Icelandic volcano ash is affecting flights in European airspace , but authorities say it is unlikely to cause the same levels of disruption triggered by a similar eruption last year . So what are the main differences between the two volcanic ash clouds and to what extent will travel plans be hit ? Who has been affected so far ? Icelandic airspace was closed over the weekend . By early Tuesday , several hundreds flights from England , Scotland and Northern Ireland had been canceled with British Airways , easyJet , Ryanair , Aer Lingus , Loganair , Flybe and KLM among operators grounding jets . Meteorologist have warned prevailing winds are blowing the ash cloud towards London 's Heathrow airport , potentially closing airspace above Europe 's busiest air hub . Officials say there is a strong possibility some Scandinavian airports may also be affected . Send travel report to Twitter Among those changing travel plans have been U.S. President Barack Obama , who flew into London a day ahead of schedule , and Barcelona 's soccer team , which is traveling to the UK capital early ahead of Saturday 's Champion 's League final clash against Manchester United . How will the disruption differ from last year 's ? Ash from the eruption of Iceland 's Eyjafjallajokull volcano in April 2010 prompted the closure of airspace across Europe , stranding millions of passengers and costing the airline industry more than $ 2 billion . Authorities say there is uncertainty over how long the latest ash cloud , generated by Grimsvotn -- Iceland 's most active volcano -- is likely to last , and how it will be affected by atmospheric changes . However , weather patterns indicate most mainland European airports will not be hit and airspace will remain open . Changes in flight safety regulations also mean fewer flights will be affected . What are the safety regulation changes ? Most significantly , aviation authorities have raised the threshold on what density of ash cloud is considered safe to fly through . Last year , 200 micrograms of ash per cubic meter was seen as the maximum , this year it has been raised to 4,000 micrograms per cubic meter . Ash density is also being classified in terms of low , medium or high density . In theory , airlines can make a case to fly through all three provided they can prove they are taking adequate safety precautions . Irish carrier Ryanair has , however , condemned these limited restrictions as pointless . It said it has successfully piloted a test flight into an area of high ash density , with no adverse affects . What other differences are there ? Scientists and airlines say the type of ash produced by Grimsvotn is potentially less harmful to aircraft engines than that thrown up by Eyjafjallajokull . According to a study by the Institute of Earth Sciences at the University of Iceland , ash particles from Eyjafjallajokull were unusually fine and angular due to the higher silica content of the magma produced in the eruption . This "  stickier " magma caused a powerful explosion when it hit the volcano 's ice cap , resulting in smaller and sharper ash particles capable of traveling further and remaining airborne longer . The larger particles produced by Grimsvotn , though still capable of traveling far , are more likely to fall out of the sky sooner . Jeremy Phillips of Bristol University 's Earth Sciences department told CNN that Grimsvotn 's eruptions are typically shorter than the Eyjafjallajokull event of 2010 , lasting only a few days . What rights do affected passengers have ? Last year 's eruption left tens of thousands of passengers scrambling to make alternative travel plans via road , rail and sea amid debate over who was liable to compensate them for inconveniences faced . This year , the situation is far clearer , following court rulings over what is covered by travel insurance in the event of ash cloud disruption and clarified airline policy . According to UK consumer watchdog Which ? delayed travelers are entitled to accommodation , food and phone calls . Those whose flights are canceled can expect refunds and re-routing to final destination .	Ash cloud prompts cancellation of dozens of flights , Authorities have raised safety threshold for flying in ash cloud Scientists say ash particles produced by Grimsvotn volcano are less hazardous than those from Eyjafjallajokull
Preliminary results in Sunday 's referendum on whether Ukraine 's Crimea region should join Russia or become an independent state show overwhelming support for Russia . With 75 % percent of the ballots counted , close to 96 % of voters want to become part of that country , according to the Crimean Electoral Commission . An official had announced earlier that more than 80 % of voters had cast ballots by the time polls closed at 8 p.m. local time  2 p.m. ET  Sunday . Final results are expected later . "  We are going home . Crimea is in Russia , " Crimea 's Prime Minister Sergey Aksyonov told crowds celebrating in Simferopol 's Lenin Square . Music blared as they cheered and waved Russian flags . The United States has already said it expects the Black Sea peninsula 's majority ethnic Russian population to vote in favor of joining Russia . Moscow has strongly backed the referendum . U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke Sunday , according to a readout from the White House . "  President Obama emphasized that the Crimean ` referendum , ' which violates the Ukrainian constitution and occurred under duress of Russian military intervention , would never be recognized by the United States and the international community , " it said . "  He emphasized that Russia 's actions were in violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and that , in coordination with our European partners , we are prepared to impose additional costs on Russia for its actions . " Earlier , the White House released a statement that said the vote was "  administered under threats of violence and intimidation from a Russian military intervention that violates international law . " The voting has put the United States and Russia on the kind of collision course not seen since the end of the Cold War . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry reaffirmed in a call with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov that the United States considered the referendum illegal under Ukrainian law and that the United States would not recognize the outcome . The European Union on Sunday repeated its "  strong condemnation " of the referendum and called on Russia to withdraw its troops from the region . It , too , has called the referendum illegal and said it is looking at sanctions . Lavrov said in a statement Saturday that Crimea 's referendum conforms to international law . European nations and the United States have announced some targeted punishments against Russia and have threatened tougher sanctions if the secession vote goes through , as now appears likely . Is the referendum legal ? ` Russia is an opportunity ' At a polling station in Perevalnoye , near a military base , a steady stream of voters arrived to cast their ballots despite the wintry weather . Blaring dance tunes and Russian folk music welcomed them to the polling station , in an echo of Soviet times . What appeared to be a group of Russian soldiers -- without identifying insignia but with Russian license plates on their vehicles -- stood nearby . One voter , Grigory Illarionovich , told CNN , "  I 'm for restoring Crimea to Russia . Returning what Khrushchev took away . " The Black Sea peninsula was part of Russia until Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev gave it to Ukraine in 1954 . Ukraine was then part of the Soviet Union . Another voter in Perevalnoye , Viktor Savchenko , said he would never vote for the government in Kiev . "  I want us to join Russia , and live like Russians , with all their rights , " he said . Victoria Khudyakova said she also had voted to join Russia , which she sees as being "  spiritually close " to Crimea . "  For me , Russia is an opportunity for our Crimea to develop , to bloom . And I believe that it will be so , " she said . But Ukraine 's Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk , speaking in Kiev , dismissed the referendum as illegitimate under Ukrainian and international law and improperly run . He said Ukrainian authorities had information from Crimea about voting irregularities , including people who are not Crimean citizens casting ballots , the absence of proper monitoring and the presence of armed men . Mikhail Malyshev , the head of the Crimean Election Commission , said there was no information that people with foreign passports were voting in the referendum . He also said no "  provocations " had been reported at polling stations . CNN analyst and Russian journalist Vladimir Pozner similarly stressed that Sunday 's vote was in no way staged . "  When you look at the celebrations , you ca n't doubt that these people really are very happy , " he said . Double voting ? In Simferopol , voters filed into a polling place , picked up white and yellow ballots and headed to private booths to fill them out before dropping them through the slits of clear ballot boxes . In another polling station , the vast majority of ballots dropped in the boxes appeared to be marked in favor of joining Russia . Some 80 % of voters turning out at a polling station in Bakhchysaray were not on the electoral roll , the registrar told CNN . Those not on the roll have their passports and papers checked to establish identity . On the spot , election staff decide , with a show of hands , whether to allow those voters to participate . A CNN team photographed one voter dropping two pieces of paper into the ballot box , raising questions over how effectively the vote is being monitored . Turnout was high , but many Crimean Tatars , an ethnic Turkic group with deep roots on the peninsula , were boycotting the vote , as were many ethnic Ukrainians . Tatars , who make up about 12 % of the Crimean population , have faced severe persecution in the past , when Crimea belonged to Russia . On Saturday , representatives issued a statement recognizing Ukraine with its present borders , which would include Crimea . They asked the Ukrainian parliament in Kiev for more legal protection for their ethnic group . Much pro-Russian propaganda has been in evidence in the run-up to the referendum , both on the airwaves and in the form of campaign posters showing the Crimean Peninsula painted with either a Nazi swastika or the Russian flag . Moscow has insisted it has the right to protect ethnic Russians in Ukraine , who it claims are threatened by radical nationalists and "  fascists . " Could Donetsk go in the same way as Crimea ? Russian squeeze Pro-Russian troops remain firmly in control of the Black Sea peninsula . Ukraine and the West insist the soldiers belong to Moscow , but the Kremlin vehemently denies it , saying they are Crimean "  self-defense " forces . Ukraine 's acting Defense Minister Ihor Tenyukh said Sunday that Ukraine had reached an agreement "  with the Russian side " that Russian forces will allow the delivery of food and basic supplies to Ukrainian military bases in Crimea until Friday . The bases have been blockaded for days . Tenyukh told a Cabinet meeting that there are now 21,500 Russian troops on Crimean soil . Russia is entitled to station 25,000 troops at its leased Sevastopol naval base -- but the question is where those troops are . Tenyukh also said Ukrainian troops and equipment are being moved into Ukraine 's east and south , in line with where Russian military forces are located . Moscow has been carrying out mass military exercises not far from Ukraine 's eastern border . Russia tightened its military grip on Saturday within Ukraine . About 60 Russian troops in six helicopters and three armored vehicles reportedly crossed into Ukraine 's Kherson region and were in the town of Strilkove , on a strip of land just northeast of Crimea . The region is key to neighboring Crimea , because it gets electricity , fresh water and natural gas from there . The Russians said they were in Kherson to prevent a possible terrorist attack on oil assets , according to Ukrainian border guards . German Chancellor Angela Merkel criticized Russian activities in Kherson in a phone call with Putin on Sunday , according to a statement from her office . She urged an increase in the presence of observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , so they can quickly be sent to contested areas , especially in eastern Ukraine , and called on Putin to talk to the government in Kiev . The Kremlin 's readout of the phone call said the pair had "  constructive " discussions on sending an OSCE observer mission to Ukraine . Putin also voiced concern that "  radical groups " in league with Kiev were stirring up tensions in eastern and southeastern Ukraine and argued that the Crimean referendum is legal , it said . Ukraine 's Cabinet said Sunday it had asked for a new OSCE diplomatic monitoring mission to be sent to Ukraine . A military observer mission is currently in the country but has been prevented from entering Crimea . CNN team in Crimea : This is a McMoment to remember What happens next in Crimea ? If the vote goes in favor of joining Russia , as it looks like it will , Crimea 's government will declare its independence and ask Moscow to let it join the Russian Federation . Russian lawmakers have said they 'll vote on the question on Friday . Christopher Hill , a former U.S. ambassador to South Korea , Iraq and Poland , described Sunday as a bad day for East-West relations . "  Putin has left our president with no choice . He needs to impose sanctions . I know Putin will come back and impose his own , " he said . "  I think the end of this is going to be to cast Russia out into the cold . And the problem is , I do n't think Putin really cares . I think this is where he wants to take Russia . " In Simferopol and other places with Russian majorities , blue , white and red Russian flags have dominated the streets . In the coastal Crimean town of Sevastopol , concerts on the main square have been celebrating the return to the "  motherland " this past week . "  Everybody believes the results are already rigged , " said CNN iReporter Maia Mikhaluk from Kiev . "  People are concerned what is going to happen after the referendum , " she said . "  People are concerned that the Russian army will use force , guns to push  the  Ukrainian army from Crimea . " In the city of Donetsk , near the Russian border in eastern Ukraine , pro-Russian demonstrators stormed the prosecutor 's office , forcing their way through a door of the building . The activists are demanding the release of pro-Moscow movement leader Pavel Gubarev , who was arrested on March 6 for leading an occupation of the regional administration office . Earlier , thousands of pro-Russian demonstrators gathered for a second day in a central Donetsk square before marching through the city . Riot police stood on guard outside the offices of Ukraine 's security service and the regional administration . Addressing the Cabinet meeting , acting Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said small rallies in Donetsk and another nearby city , Lugansk , had ended . About 4,000 pro-Russian protesters have gathered for a third rally , in Kharkiv , he said . Deja vu about Georgia in Ukraine ? Not exactly Opinion : Can West make Putin blink ? Opinion : Europe must check the Putin doctrine Map : Why the EU and U.S. are out of step on Russia sanctions Crimea : Echoes of history on road to Yalta	With 75 % of votes counted , results show 96 % of voters want to join Russia "  You ca n't doubt that these people really are very happy , " one analyst says United States says it 's ready to impose "  additional costs " on Russia Crowds wave Russian flags , celebrate in Simferopol 's Lenin Square
CNN  -- The 16-year-old California girl rescued from her stricken boat in the Indian Ocean says she is "  safe and sound " and argues that her age should n't be blamed for the problems she encountered while at sea . "  Storms are part of the deal when you set out to sail around the world , " Abby Sunderland wrote in a blog on her website dated Saturday . "  As for age , since when does age create gigantic waves and storms ? " Criticism has emerged that she was too young to embark on such a journey , which apparently has ended . Abby lost satellite contact on Thursday and issued a distress call after what was described as a rogue wave hit the boat , damaging its mast and communications equipment . A French fishing vessel reached a remote area in the Indian Ocean on Saturday morning to fetch her . "  There are plenty of things people can think of to blame for my situation ; my age , the time of year and many more , " Abby said in the blog . She added that "  it was just a Southern Ocean storm . " "  The truth is , I was in a storm and you do n't sail through the Indian Ocean without getting in at least one storm . " It will be several weeks before she is home in California , rescuers said . Her parents praised people from France and Australia for their help in reaching their stranded daughter . "  Their professionalism and the great value that they placed on Abby 's life has been a gift to us that we can never repay . Thank you for caring for our daughter as if she were your own , for answering all of our many questions cheerfully and completely and for going above and beyond our wildest expectations to keep Abby safe , " Laurence and Marianne Sunderland said in a post on the girl 's website . The parents , who also briefed reporters in Thousand Oaks , California on Saturday said they were overjoyed their daughter was found . As for her boat , Wild Eyes , it had to be left in the middle of the ocean , and Abby said she 's "  still trying to get over the fact that I will never see my Wild Eyes again . " Responding to questions from reporters on whether Abby was too young to take such a voyage , her father defended her skill . "  What this is about is a young lady who has a great skill on the ocean and a passion for bluewater sailing . She 's a remarkable young lady and has done a remarkable job on ` Wild Eyes ; sailing it over half way around the world , " he said .	Teen sailor should be back home in weeks Abby says ` storms are part of the deal ' ' I will never see my Wild Eyes again '
CNN  -- Heads bowed , solemn , they filed by . The rich , the powerful . The famous and the family . All of them bidding goodbye to anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela on Wednesday , the first of three days his body will lie in state at the seat of South Africa 's government . First was South African President Jacob Zuma . Then came Mandela 's widow , GraÃ § a Machel , and former wife Winnie Mandela , both wearing black turbans . In near silence , dozens of family members passed by as military honor guards dressed in white flanked the coffin on each end . There were others in Pretoria , too . Former South African leaders Thabo Mbeki and F.W. de Klerk , the country 's last apartheid-era president and Nobel Peace Prize winner . U2 's Bono also paused for a moment before moving on . So did Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe . The first several hours was reserved for family and dignitaries , but the public was to be allowed to file past his casket later Wednesday , as well as on Thursday and Friday . Viewing hours were expected to be limited to daylight . Long lines are expected to form early in the morning . On Saturday , a military aircraft is to take Mandela 's remains from a Pretoria airbase to Mthatha , the main town in the province of Eastern Cape . Thousands of mourners are expected to line the streets leading from Mthatha airport to watch as the military moves Mandela 's casket on a gun carriage to the remote village of Qunu , where the former leader spent his childhood . Historic venue The hearse carrying the casket of the former South African leader , who died last week at 95 , arrived early Wednesday . It weaved through streets lined with people in Pretoria , the capital , on its way to the Union Buildings . The somber mood Wednesday was a sharp change from the celebratory atmosphere at a memorial event on Tuesday , in Johannesburg . "  This is a very poignant moment , " Khehla Shubane , who served time in prison with Mandela . "  This is not the Mandela who was in control of things that were happening around him , inspiring people . This is a Mandela who 's in death now . " As the body arrived , an honor guard stood at attention and a hushed crowd looked on as eight military officers , led by a chaplain , carried the coffin inside . Police helicopters hovered overhead . A South African flag hung outside at half staff . Mandela 's grandson , Mandla Mandela , and Defense Minister Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula led a group of mourners wearing black who walked behind the coffin . Mandela 's casket was placed under a dome , close to where , in 1994 , he had taken the oath of office to become South Africa 's first democratically elected president . On that day , crowds converged around the building to witness history being made . Mandela , a former political prisoner , became South Africa 's first post-apartheid black leader . World leaders gather The commemorative events have taken on an epic scale . Tuesday 's memorial was billed as one of the largest gatherings of global leaders in recent history . From U.S. President Barack Obama to Cuban President Raul Castro , praise for the statesman came from all sides in a four-hour memorial service at Johannesburg FNB stadium . "  We will never see the likes of Nelson Mandela again , " Obama said to cheers . "  To the people of South Africa -- people of every race and every walk of life -- the world thanks you for sharing Nelson Mandela with us , " he added , calling him a "  giant of history . " Rain poured throughout the service , but did little to dampen the mood . Inside the stadium , the atmosphere was celebratory , with people dancing and singing songs from the anti-apartheid struggle . Posters bearing Mandela 's likeness hung around them . It was there that , 23 years earlier , Mandela had delivered his first speech after he was released from prison , hailed by supporters as the hope of a new South Africa . Also known as Soccer City , the stadium was where Mandela made his last public appearance at the World Cup final in July 2010 . Queen Elizabeth II and four other leaders who could n't attend Barack Obama 's speech in full CNN 's Tom Watkins , Robyn Curnow and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Mandela 's widow and former wife pay their respects Nelson Mandela 's body will lie in state in Pretoria for three days Family members and dignitaries view body , public viewing began Wednesday Crowds line the procession route from Johannesburg to Pretoria
CNN  -- If you missed Sunday night 's 65th Primetime Emmy Awards , do n't worry -- we can bring you up to speed . Here are five things that will help you contribute to the morning buzz about television 's biggest night : 1  Get ready to hear a lot about Merritt Wever . You 're forgiven if you said , "  Who ? " when the "  Nurse Jackie " actress was announced as the Emmy winner for outstanding supporting actress in a comedy . Unless you 're a fan of the show , you may not have been aware of Wever or her smart turn as nurse Zoey Barkow on the Showtime series . But thanks to what host Neil Patrick Harris called the "  best speech ever , " plenty of people are now talking about Wever . After receiving the first award of the evening , Wever took to the stage and hastily said , "  Thank you so very much . Um , I got ta go , bye . " Take note future winners of any awards show : Sometimes less is more . 2013 Emmys : And the award for best acceptance speech goes to ... 2  Neil Patrick Harris , we wanted to love you more . It was his second go-round as Emmys host , and yet it just did n't feel like the NPH we were expecting . From the lackluster opening -- which featured the actor "  binge watching " some of the past year 's television shows -- to his song-and-dance numbers , it felt less than overwhelming . "  He did n't tarnish the winners ' evening , but he did nothing to burnish it , either , " USA Today said of Harris . Amy Poehler and Tina Fey heckled him from the audience during the opening monologue , making us yet again sound the alarm for that pair to host every awards show , always . Past Emmys hosts show up to help Neil Patrick Harris 3  Michael Douglas loves innuendo . The actor scored a best actor in a movie or miniseries Emmy for his role as Liberace in the HBO movie "  Behind the Candelabra , " and he used the moment as an opportunity to tease co-star Matt Damon , who played Liberace 's lover . Calling his Emmy statue a "  two-hander , " Douglas quipped , "  And Matt , you 're only as good as your other hand . ... You were magnificent , and the only reason I 'm standing here is because of you . So you really deserve half of this . Do you want the bottom or the top ? " Cue Damon laughing . 4  The show was kind of sad -- and it made some mad . Yes , we lost some stars this year , and the decision to pay homage to some of them -- including James Gandolfini and Cory Monteith -- seemed like a lovely idea . But the personal tributes from their friends and co-stars definitely brought the energy way down for some viewers and also led to the issue of some stars being left out . "  I really felt like Larry Hagman should have been honored in that group of five actors that passed this year that were honored in a very heartfelt and moving way , " Hagman 's "  Dallas " co-star Jesse Metcalfe told CNN . "  I thought he deserved to be singled out as well . " 5  Will Ferrell and his kids are way funnier than most of Hollywood . Ferrell presented the last two awards of the evening -- best comedy and best drama -- with an assist from his three sons : Magnus , 9 , Mattias , 6 , and Axel , 3 . Dressed more like they were headed to a sporting match than the Emmy stage , the four had the audience rolling . "  Unfortunately Helen Mirren and Maggie Smith dropped out at the last second , and they called me literally 45 minutes ago and I could n't find child care , OK , " Ferrell explained . "  We had a soccer game ; there was a neighbor 's birthday party , a nut allergy , I did n't have time to do my hair . It does n't matter , it 's great to be here . " CNN 's Nischelle Turner contributed to this report .	"  Nurse Jackie 's " Merritt Wever keeps it brief but to the point "  Behind the Candelabra " winner Michael Douglas teases Matt Damon Will Ferrell and his three sons steal the show as presenters
CNN  -- A Russian bookmaking company is offering to pay 100,000 euros for Paul , the prognosticating octopus who correctly predicted Spain 's win in the World Cup . "  100,000 euros  about $ 129,800  was our starting price , " Oleg Zhuravsky , co-owner of Liga Stavok -- "  Bet League " in Russian -- told CNN . He said the offer could be increased if need be -- "  We are bookmakers , after all . " Paul currently lives at the Sea Life Center in Oberhausen , Germany . Zhuravsky said a representative of the center 's public relations firm has told him the offer has been received and "  they are studying it . " However , the firm , Dederichs Reinecke and Parner , said it declined the Russian offer and that Paul will not be sold to anyone . "  Seriously speaking , we want the octopus for a number of purposes , " Zhuravsky said . "  First , to see whether he can indeed effectively forecast the results of the football games . Secondly , Paul could become a good mascot , a good symbol for my bookmaking companies . And thirdly , he has an international fame like perhaps no other animal across the world does these days , and I 'd love to be able to move him to Russia . "  Both kids and adults , I 'm sure , would love to see him here , " he said . "  We are even prepared to put him in the Moscow City Aquarium if that were the condition . " He said Paul would be given "  the best food " and officials would let him forecast the results of the Russian domestic football tournament , "  which , I think , is a more difficult task than predicting the World Cup , " he said . "  This would also boost the profile of the Moscow Aquarium . " "  They said they 'll respond to our offer this week , " said Zhuravsky , who is also president of the Russian Association of Bookmakers . "  They did n't tell us that they 're not selling the octopus . " Last week , the Madrid , Spain , aquarium said it was making the "  necessary arrangements " for Paul 's transfer to Spain but had offered to beat any offer already on the table . Paul not only predicted Spain 's win over the Netherlands in the final but also the team 's semifinal success against Germany . Prior to that , the cephalopod correctly predicted all five of Germany 's earlier results , and picked Germany to beat Uruguay in the third-place playoff , ending the tournament with a remarkable eight-for-eight record . For each prediction , two mussel-filled acrylic boxes labeled with a team 's flag were lowered into Paul 's tank . Whichever box he chose conveyed the winning team . Sea Life staff have announced Paul is retiring from the predictions game , but previously said they were considering a "  host of offers from around the globe . " Public relations guru Max Clifford told CNN that Paul could become the world 's first multimillionaire octopus if his handlers choose to cash in on his global fame . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and Lianne Turner contributed to this report .	Company says 100,000 euros is its starting price The co-owner says the bid has been received and is being studied The firm representing the Sea Life Center in Germany says offer was declined Paul correctly predicted Spain 's win in the World Cup
Baghdad  CNN  -- The United Nations and the United States condemned a wave of bombings in Baghdad and other Iraqi cities that left 15 dead and wounded dozens Sunday . The latest blast hit a coffee shop in a Shiite Muslim district in southeastern Baghdad , killing four people and wounding 10 , police said . Another 11 people were killed and at least 70 were wounded in five car bombings south of Baghdad , most of them also in the Shiite districts of Mahawil , Mahmoudiya , Kut , Basra and Aziziya , authorities said . Sunday 's attacks came six days after another rash of bombings in northern Iraq that killed nearly 60 people , from police in the northern city of Mosul to shoppers at a vegetable market in Baghdad . Iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence in recent months , leading to fears that the sectarian warfare that raged between Shiite and Sunni communities last decade could be rekindled . Read more : Attack kills two at Iranian exiles ' camp in Iraq "  Nothing can justify such despicable and heinous crimes , targeting innocent people going about their daily business , " Martin Kobler , the U.N. special representative for Iraq , said in a statement issued late Sunday . He called on Iraq 's political leaders to sit down and address the country 's problems "  with good faith and determination . " Many Sunni Arabs , who dominated Iraq under longtime strongman Saddam Hussein , have felt marginalized under the Shiite-led government that took power after the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Hussein in 2003 . The United States has kept an extensive diplomatic presence in Iraq since the last American military units left in December 2011 . In a statement on the attacks , the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad said , "  We mourn the loss of life and stand firmly with the Iraqi people who seek to live in peace and who reject cowardly acts of terrorism such as this . "	NEW : Baghdad coffee shop blast kills 4 , wounds 10 NEW : U.S. , U.N. officials condemn bombings Car bombs explode in Mahawil , Mahmoudiya , Kut , Basra and Aziziya Roadside bombs also hit busy areas in Nasriya and Basra
CNN  -- Police in Nigeria 's capital have banned all protests planned in support of the more than 200 girls kidnapped in April . Commissioner Joseph Mbu said the proliferation of such protests "  is now posing a serious security threat " to those living around , and driving through , demonstration sites in the capital city of Abuja . "  I can not fold my hands and watch this lawlessness , " he said in a statement Monday . "  Information reaching us is that too soon dangerous elements will join the groups under the guise of protest and detonate explosive  s  aimed at embarrassing the government . Accordingly protests on the Chibok Girls is hereby banned with immediate effect , " the commissioner continued . More than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped in northern Nigeria in April by Boko Haram , in an act that drew international condemnation . The terror group abducted an estimated 276 girls on April 14 from a boarding school in Chibok . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 girls are still missing . Nigerians and others have accused their government of not acting swiftly or efficiently enough to protect the girls seized in the dead of night . Boko Haram translates as "  Western education is a sin " in the Hausa language . The militant group says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Demonstrations are banned in the capital city of Abuja Police are worried about "  dangerous elements " joining the protests More than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped in northern Nigeria
Silver Springs , Nevada  CNN  -- The helicopter is on the chase . At first , you can only hear it . Then , from behind the hillside , you see a herd of wild horses running for their freedom , with the helicopter close behind . One escapes the trap , barely . The crowd cheers . This is the scene at the Lahontan wild horse roundup in Silver Springs , Nevada . The helicopter pilot works for the federal government . The crowd is composed mainly of activists opposed to the roundups . More and more , the roundups are becoming showdowns between protesters and the Bureau of Land Management . "  They are by law supposed to protect these horses , and in fact they are doing the exact opposite -- they are exterminating them , " says Simone Netherlands , founder of the advocacy group Respect 4 Horses . "  They are managing them to extinction . " BLM says this charge is not true , insisting there are more wild horses and burros today than there were in 1971 , when it started the roundup program . That year , fearing that the wild horses and small donkeys roaming the open ranges of the western United States were disappearing , Congress decided to try to save them . A rare unanimous vote in 1971 directed the secretary of the interior to protect and manage these horses and burros , as much a part of the American West as the cowboy . But as the number of animals began to grow , the program began to shift to population control . And that has triggered an outcry from wild-horse advocates , which really began to resonate in 2010 . Members of Congress and other wildlife organizations paid closer attention to the issue last year , because the bureau removed more horses and burros in 2010 than in nearly any other year . The bureau says there are about 33,700 wild horses and 4,700 burros roaming on BLM ranges in 10 Western states . If they were left on their own , the population would explode , according to the bureau . The government 's plan is to reduce the number of animals by 12,000 . That would leave about 26,600 horses and burros on the 26 million acres set aside for these animals to live , according to the BLM . Much of the public land on which the bureau manages the wild mustangs is also home to other wildlife and livestock . Some of the land is used for recreational and mining interests . "  We have to manage for all users , " says Alan Shepard , the head of BLM 's Nevada office . "  We ca n't let one , say the horse , impact everybody else by taking all the feed , all the water . " After they are rounded up , some of the wild horses are trained by prisoners at nearby correctional facilities . Once the horses are broken , the prison can auction them off for about $ 1,500 per animal . Read more about the prisoner program The problem is n't the horses , says Netherlands , but the cattle that are allowed to graze on the same land . The BLM is charged with deciding how many wild horses should reside on each herd management area . At the Lahontan roundup , authorities decided that the 11,000 acres could support between seven and 10 horses . There were 117 horses on the property , so the BLM rounded up all the mustangs and then selected seven to release back into the wild . But how do they determine the ratio of horses to land ? Activists insist that number of horses the government finds appropriate for the land -- which is based on water and food -- is not scientific . The study determining the number of horses that will remain in the Lahontan management area was done in the mid-1990s . In addition , there is no water on the Lahontan land . The horses drink from water sources on adjacent state park land . When asked how Lahontan ever became a herd management area to begin with , Shepard did not know . In Nevada , there are just seven people handling 85 herd management areas covering millions of acres . "  So , we are pretty thin , " admits Shepard . "  It takes a lot of work to collect that data , a lot of time and effort , so we 're not as effective as we possibly could be . We hope to be better . " What is effective , according to Shepard , is the use of helicopters in rounding up the horses and burros . "  We can do our management in a quicker , shorter period of time that reduces that level of impact , " he says . The helicopters may reduce the time to round up the mustangs , but it gives activists another argument . "  To be rounded up in the way that it is done with helicopters , being run for miles and miles and miles -- it 's brutal , " says Netherlands . "  It 's barbaric and it does not need to be done this way . " Her group has proposed a method where a water source would be fenced off and once the horses enter , the gate would be closed behind them . Many activists opposed to the use of helicopters point to a roundup earlier this year known as "  Calico , " in which more than 100 horses died . Activists attribute the deaths to the running of the horses in the cold over hard ground . The BLM insists most of the deaths were mares that could not adapt to the hay they were fed after they were captured . The roundups are open to the public and those attending are usually members of a wild horse advocacy group . Armed with cameras , they try to document what they call "  inhumane " treatment of the wild horses . There is no disputing the incidents that are caught on tape when a helicopter skid bumps a horse or knocks a burro off its feet . "  This is not a risk-free operation and yes , horses do get killed , " says Tom Gorey , spokesman for BLM . But , he adds , "  we have a very low mortality rate of less than 1 % from gather-related deaths . " Gorey says the activists would oppose the roundups even if there were n't any injuries , because they just want the management of the horses to stop . Ever since the problems during the Calico roundup , the fight between the two groups has intensified . When pressed about horses being injured by helicopter skids , Gorey goes on the defensive . "  It sounds like you bought into their point of view , " he says . An objective view was hard to obtain during the Lahontan roundup , since the media were kept about a quarter of a mile away from where the horses were being corralled . Shepard says the safety of the horses and the men rounding them up is his first priority . The reason we were kept so far away , says Shepard , is because if we were any closer , our cameras might spook the horses . "  They do not want the issue on camera . Period , " says Richard Couto , the founder of Animal Recovery Mission , pointing out how the horses are already spooked by the helicopter . The question of access is currently an issue in a court case bought by a wild-horse advocate . Many of the activists ' issues pertaining to the roundups have been brought into the courts , most unsuccessfully . They also hold protests , some as far away as New York . There have also been calls for President Obama to impose a moratorium on the roundup . The only real progress thus far for the activists came from a group of members of Congress , who encouraged the bureau to ask for an independent study of its Wild Horse and Burro Program . It will take the National Academy of Sciences two years to complete its assessment . In the meantime , the wild mustangs of the West will continue to be rounded up . The activists say they will continue to be on hand , cheering for the ones that get away -- even if , like the one who dodged the trap at Lahontan , their freedom lasts only a few more minutes . Watch American Morning weekdays 6am to 9am ET . For the latest from American Morning click here .	The U.S. government rounds up wild horses and burros in the West , using helicopters The government says the program controls the population Protests increased after 100 horses died in a helicopter roundup Government officials say less than 1 % of wild horses die in these roundups
CNN  -- Muttiah Muralitharan made history with his final ball in Test cricket by becoming the first bowler to reach 800 wickets as Sri Lanka thrashed bitter rivals India . The spinner is the world 's leading wicket-taker already but had targeted the landmark total before he hung up his boots after an 18-year career . When India were reduced to 314-9 it looked as if Muralitharan would be forever stranded on 799 wickets , as Sri Lanka went in search of a resounding victory . But with what became his last ever ball in Test cricket Muralitharan had India 's last batsman , Pragyan Ojha , caught by Mahela Jayawardene . Muralitharan brings forward his retirement from Test cricket The 38-year-old was then carried from the pitch in Galle by his teammates , and received a rapturous ovation from the crowd . India 's dismissal for 338 meant Sri Lanka needed only 95 runs to win the first Test and Tharanga Paranavitana and Tillakaratne Dilshan knocked them off for no wickets . Muralitharan had been due to quit Tests after the November series against the West Indies , but this month brought forward his decision when the India tour was added to the calendar . He will still be available for the 2011 World Cup which Sri Lanka will co-host with India and Bangladesh , but is expected to retire from all levels of the game after that . India , the top-ranked team in Test cricket , resumed Thursday on 181-5 as they battled to save the Test . Muralitharan dismissed Harbhajan Singh but looked as if he may be left on 799 wickets as VVS Laxman was run out to leave India nine wickets down . But Muralitharan produced a final salvo to snare Ojha , Jayawardene pulling off a diving catch -- the 77th time he has taken a catch off Murali 's bowling . The spinner has had a controversial career , with his action the subject of much debate . He was accused of illegally throwing the ball when bowling in 1995 , but was cleared by the International Cricket Council after biomechanical tests at the University of Western Australia . Despite further episodes of controversy Muralitharan kept picking up wickets . He now stands 92 wickets ahead of Shane Warne , who is in second place in the all-time list . The Australian leg spinner retired in 2007 .	Muttiah Muralitharan becomes the first bowler to reach 800 Test wickets Muralitharan reaches landmark with his final ball before retirement Veteran spin bowler helps Sri Lanka to an emphatic Test victory over India India dismissed for 338 in second innings and Sri Lanka reached their target of 95
On Election Day , marijuana enthusiasts rejoiced as Colorado and Washington legalized marijuana .  Ballot initiatives in Oregon and a medical initiative in Arkansas did not fare so well .  From the federal government 's perspective , however , marijuana remains illegal . It is anyone 's guess what the Obama administration 's next move will be , but it is important to understand that this president has long stated his opposition to marijuana legalization . When it came to medical marijuana expansion in several states , Obama 's Justice Department sent out strongly worded letters warning that even medical marijuana was in "  violation of federal law regardless of state laws permitting such activities " and that "  this includes prosecution of business enterprises that unlawfully market and sell marijuana . " Why the opposition to marijuana legalization in the first place ? First , we know that legalization would dramatically decrease the price of marijuana and increase use , according to a 2010 study from the Rand Drug Policy Research Center . And today 's marijuana is not the marijuana of the 1960s ; potency has tripled in the past 15 years , according to a 2009 report from the U.S. government . This is not reefer madness thinking . High-potency marijuana has contributed to addiction for one out of six kids who start using it in their teens , direct IQ loss  an 8-point loss among kids using regularly  , car crashes , and mental illness . Many who support legalization have claimed that we could control marijuana use , especially among teens , if only we regulated it through legalization . Sadly , however , the provisions passed in Colorado and Washington do everything but control marijuana . If these state laws were enacted , in fact , we could face a major industry commercializing and promoting marijuana to kids . As we know from alcohol and tobacco , even when age limits are in place , getting people hooked young is a key long-term strategy for profiteers . Indeed Big Tobacco , for one , has long been perched and ready to make some serious cash from marijuana sales : According to internal documents released during its historic court settlement , in smoking 's heyday , Big Tobacco considered marijuana legalization a golden opportunity . Opinion : U.S. should honor states ' new pot laws "  The use of marijuana ... has important implications for the tobacco industry in terms of an alternative product line .  We  have the land to grow it , the machines to roll it and package it , the distribution to market it . In fact , some firms have registered trademarks , which are taken directly from marijuana street jargon . These trade names are used currently on little-known legal products , but could be switched if and when marijuana is legalized . Estimates indicate that the market in legalized marijuana might be as high as $ 10 billion annually , " said a report commissioned by cigarette manufacturer Brown and Williamson  now merged with R.J. Reynolds  in the 1970s . If increased use and addiction might be unwelcome results of legalization , what hoped-for results might not materialize ? Many have already begun touting tax revenues from legal marijuana as a major plus of the recently passed state laws . Sadly , however , we know that vice taxes rarely pay for themselves . The $ 40 billion we collect annually from high levels of tobacco and alcohol use in the U.S. are about a tenth of what those use levels cost us in terms of lost productivity , premature illness , accidents and death . Additionally , our experience with many state lotteries has shown that promised funding for schools falls well short of expectations . As the California Department of Education said recently : "  Although the public still perceives the lottery as making a significant difference in the funds available for education , it is a minor source that can not be expected to provide major improvements in K-12 education . " School officials are not happy about this : "  We thought that it would be a windfall , " said Michael Johnson , executive director of the Illinois Association of School Boards . "  The general public -- they were fooled by this . " Opinion : The end of the war on marijuana We also know that the promise of ending violent cartels is far from reality . A recent RAND report showed that Mexican drug trafficking groups only received a minority of their revenue from marijuana . So they are likely to stay around , legal marijuana or not . Voters have been sold a false dichotomy : "  You can either stick with failed , current policies , or you can try a ` new approach ' with legalization . " Sadly , this kind of black-and-white thinking betrays the fact that there are better ways than legalization or prohibition to deal with this complex issue . Legalization may not be the answer , but that also means that former users with an arrest record should not be prevented from getting a job or accessing social benefits . We need to have an adult conversation about marijuana arrests among disadvantaged communities , too , to ensure equal justice under the law . Increased education and treatment will work better than incarceration and a sole reliance on the criminal justice system . Indeed , we can reform the worst part of our current laws without increasing rates of addiction and harms . Let 's think before we legalize . Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion .	Kevin Sabet : Pot still illegal from a federal perspective , despite laws in some states He says Obama adminstration has been clear on this : Pot carries serious health dangers He says legalization does n't bring tax windfall states imagine ; Big Tobacco eager to market pot Sabet : We must fix worst part of current laws , like penalties , without upping addiction rates
CNN  -- The condition of Lana Kuykendall , the South Carolina woman infected with flesh-eating bacteria shortly after giving birth to twins nearly two months ago , is improving , her doctor said Friday . "  Her leg wounds are healing well , and she 's making excellent headway on therapy , " said Dr. Kevin Kopera , medical director for Roger C. Peace Rehabilitation Hospital in Greenville . The recovery for such infections typically requires four to six weeks of inpatient rehabilitation , followed by weeks of outpatient rehabilitation , he said . "  Her strength continues to improve daily , " husband Darren said in a news release . He said she can walk up to 50 feet at a time with a walker . His wife undergoes physical and occupational therapy twice daily , her tracheotomy device has been removed , and she can speak normally , the release said . The 36-year-old mother 's occupational therapy includes diapering and lifting a doll , and she can spend several hours per day with twins Abigail and Ian . Kuykendall was diagnosed with necrotizing fasciitis on May 11 , four days after giving birth , and taken to Greenville Memorial Hospital . She has undergone 20 surgical procedures , including skin grafts . But she did not require any amputations , as recently occurred in the case of 24-year-old Aimee Copeland of Georgia , who lost her hands , a leg and a foot as a result of the infection . Kuykendall was moved last week to the rehabilitation hospital , where she was in good condition , hospital officials said . But she faces a long rehabilitation , said Dr. Bill Kelly , hospital epidemiologist for Greenville Hospital System , last week . Kuykendall , a paramedic , went to the hospital after noticing a rapidly expanding bruise on her leg , her husband , a firefighter , said last month . A variety of the bacteria , which are common in the environment but rarely cause serious infections , can cause the disease . When they enter the bloodstream -- as through a cut -- doctors typically move aggressively to excise even healthy tissue near the infection site in hopes of ridding the body of the bacteria . The disease attacks and destroys healthy tissue and is fatal in about 20 % of cases , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center , estimated that fewer than 250 such cases occur each year in the United States , though estimates are imprecise because doctors do not have to report the cases to health authorities .	"  Her leg wounds are healing well , " says the rehab hospital 's medical director Lana Kuykendall 's husband says her strength is improving daily The disease is fatal in about 20 % of cases , federal health authorities say
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Fidel Castro , the longtime Communist leader of Cuba , met with visiting members of the U.S. Congressional Black Caucus on Tuesday , a day after his brother , Raul , who succeeded him as president , did the same , according to a U.S. official in Havana . U.S. Rep. Barbara Lee , at left with Reps. Marcia Fudge and Mel Watt , was among those who met with Castro . The meeting with Fidel Castro , 82 , comes amid speculation that the United States is considering a shift in relations with the Communist nation that sits just 90 miles from the Florida Keys . Upon returning to the United States , members of the caucus said it 's time to consider an end to the trade embargo and other diplomatic restrictions placed on Cuba for the past five decades . "  Yes , we have history . We have good history and not-so-good history , " said Rep. Laura Richardson , D-California . "  But the point is , it 's history , and we need to move forward . " Three members of the caucus were visiting the Latin American School of Medicine , where students from nations including the United States study , when they were invited to meet with the senior leader . "  Former President Fidel Castro is very engaging , very energetic , " said caucus Chairwoman Barbara Lee , also a Democrat from California . "  Our conclusion is , given the new direction in our foreign policy , that it 's time to look at a new direction in our policy toward Cuba . "  The 50-year embargo just has n't worked , " she said . There was no immediate response from the Obama administration on the meeting . But asked earlier about Monday 's meeting with Raúl Castro , State Department spokesman Robert Wood declined to say what , if any , role it could play in a possible warming of a decades-long diplomatic and economic freeze . "  Members of Congress have the right to travel where they want and to discuss issues with whom they want , " Wood said . "  And I am sure members of that delegation will be raising some of the concerns that the U.S. government has with Cuba , in terms of allowing Cubans to have some of the same rights and freedoms as other countries in the hemisphere . " Obama has said he is in favor of changing the relationship with Cuba but has not offered specifics . Government officials have hinted that he may soon lift travel restrictions between the two countries . In a letter published Tuesday in the online version of Granma , a state-run Cuban newspaper , Fidel Castro wrote that an unnamed caucus member told him "  he was sure that Obama would change Cuba policy but that Cuba should also help him . " He noted that the group was in Cuba during the anniversary of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's April 4 assassination and visited a center dedicated to King . "  I value the gesture of this legislative group , " Fidel Castro wrote . "  The aura of Luther King is accompanying them . Our press has given broad coverage of their visit . They are exceptional witnesses to the respect that U.S. citizens visiting our homeland always receive . " The United States broke diplomatic ties with Cuba in 1961 , two years after Fidel Castro took office . The following year , the U.S. government instituted a trade embargo . Both policies still remain in effect . Early last year , and with his health failing , Fidel Castro announced that he was resigning from the presidency . The Cuban National Assembly appointed Raúl Castro to the post days later . Fidel Castro led the revolution that , in 1959 , overthrew Cuba 's Batista dictatorship . He was credited with bringing social reforms to Cuba but criticized internationally for oppressing human rights and free speech . Despite widely documented health problems the past few years , including intestinal surgery in 2006 that required him to turn power over to Raúl while he recovered , Fidel Castro seemed to be largely in good health , the delegation said . "  Of course , he has been ill , but I think we will agree he was very healthy , very energetic and very clear thinking , " Lee said . "  He was very engaging . " Two caucus members , Reps. Emanuel Cleaver of Missouri and Bobby Rush of Illinois , preached sermons at two Cuban churches to commemorate the anniversary of King 's assassination . While in Cuba , the delegation also met with family members of the so-called Cuban Five , a group imprisoned in the United States after being convicted of spying . In 2005 , a three-judge appeals court panel overturned the convictions , but the full court later reversed that decision .	NEW : "  We have history ... and we need to move forward , " lawmaker says Raúl Castro met with Black Caucus members a day earlier Meeting comes amid speculation about shift in U.S.-Cuba relations Officials have hinted Obama may soon lift travel restrictions
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- A judge found Oscar Pistorius guilty Friday of culpable homicide , the South African term for unintentionally , but unlawfully , killing a person . It 's akin to negligent killing . A day before the verdict , Judge Thokozile Masipa cleared him of murder in the killing of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp . His sentencing starts on October 13 , the judge said after granting him bail . There is no minimum sentence for culpable homicide in South African law , so it will be up to the judge to decide . The verdict also dealt with three other charges , all weapons-related . Pistorius was found not guilty of two -- a car sunroof shooting incident and illegal possession of ammunition found at his house . The judge found Pistorius guilty of the third : a charge involving a shooting at a restaurant . The maximum penalty for that is five years behind bars . But he could get a lesser sentence , such as a fine or the loss of his gun license . Shortly after the verdict , his uncle said they were relieved that he was convicted of a lesser charge , but there were "  no victors " in the case . "  It wo n't bring Reeva back , but our hearts still go out for her family and friends , " Arnold Pistorius said . Steenkamp 's mother , June , told NBC News that Pistorius got the wrong verdict . "  She died a horrible death , a horrible , painful , terrible death and she suffered , you know ? I ca n't believe that they believe that it was an accident , " June Steenkamp said . Weapons charges In the shooting from the car 's sunroof , Masipa said the state failed to prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt . She said she did n't find the state 's witnesses persuasive , and their versions of events differed . In the second charge , Pistorius was found not guilty of having illegal ammunition at his house . Masipa said the state failed to introduce evidence that proved he intended to possess the ammunition . Pistorius had said he was storing it in a safe for his father . In the restaurant shooting , she said the state had proved its case . Pistorius , she said , was trained in the use of guns and should not have handled one at the restaurant . Letting the world know Masipa presided impassively over the high-profile trial for months . She finally let the world know what she was thinking on the first day of the verdict Thursday . Pistorius did not intend to kill his girlfriend , she said , accepting his defense that he thought he was defending himself from an intruder . Pistorius , 27 , has always admitted firing the bullets that killed his girlfriend Steenkamp , a 29-year-old cover model about to turn reality TV star . He pleaded not guilty to murdering her in his home on Valentine 's Day last year , saying the killing was a tragic mistake . But in grabbing his gun and heading toward the supposed threat , Pistorius "  acted too hastily and used excessive force , " Masipa ruled Thursday . "  His conduct was negligent " and not what a reasonable man would do in the circumstances -- not even a disabled one , she said . Defense arguments that his upbringing "  in a crime-riddled environment and in a home where the mother was paranoid and always carried a firearm " might explain his conduct that night , but "  it does not excuse the conduct , " Masipa said . "  The accused had reasonable time to reflect , to think and to conduct himself reasonably , " she said . Not guilty of murder Masipa on Thursday found Pistorius not guilty of murder , premeditated or otherwise . She said the prosecution had failed to prove its case that Pistorius and Steenkamp argued on the night of the killing , and that the Olympic track star then shot her in a rage . Masipa was not persuaded by the testimony of neighbors who said they heard shouting , screaming and shots . The neighbors ' stories do not match the timings on phone records the night of the killing , she concluded , saying : "  Technology is more reliable than human perception and human memory . " She said she believed media coverage had contaminated testimonies , and that state witnesses were in and out of sleep the night of the killing . She knocked down other key aspects of the state 's case : the fact that Steenkamp took her phone and locked herself in the bathroom allegedly out of fear for her safety , phone messages between the couple that showed some rocky patches , and stomach contents that might suggest the victim ate later than Pistorius said . Pistorius wept softly during the reading of the lengthy verdict . Who was Reeva Steenkamp ? Follow CNN 's live blog updates of the verdict CNN 's Richard Allen Greene reported from Pretoria ; Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Steenkamp 's mother says she "  ca n't believe " her daughter 's death is considered an accident Oscar Pistorius ' uncle : Family relieved , but there are "  no victors " in the verdict Judge grants Pistorius bail ; sentencing starts on October 13 Sentencing will come after more legal argument
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- They 've been described as the voice of their generation -- though not one that everyone is comfortable hearing . Mashrou ' Leila , whose name translates as "  The Night Project , " is a controversial alternative rock band from Lebanon , whose music has served as something of a soundtrack to the Arab Spring for many young people throughout the region . Formed at the American University of Beirut in 2008 , the multi-confessional , seven-piece band has won a legion of fans throughout the Middle East with lyrics that speak to the daily realities and aspirations of young Arabs , frankly addressing taboo topics such as politics , sexuality and religion . The group was simply interested in making music that honestly reflected its members ' experiences , keyboardist Omaya Malaeb told CNN . "  The things we talk about , for us , they 're not anything very extreme or very unusual . They are really realistic situations that each one of us goes through . " The group was given rich material to mine simply by the daily realities of life in the Lebanese capital , described in the band 's online bio as a "  city that tastes of the absurd , " characterized by chronic insecurity and full of "  musical bombshells , incoherent sexuality and thrusting pleasure . " "  Our daily lives were the major inspiration , being young people and part of a changing country trying to form its future in a very sensitive period , " said guitarist Firas Abu-Fakhr . Read more : Lebanese women take on judges who call rape a "  marital right " This contrasted with much of the mainstream pop from the region , which shied away from addressing anything substantive in its lyrics . "  The people who produce pop music ... do n't really deal with any topics that really relate to real daily issues , " he said . But not everybody has appreciated their approach , said Malaeb , the sole female member of the band . "  For other people , this seems a bit too bold , " she said . The band 's expressive music has earned them their share of critics as they have risen to prominence . In 2010 , when the group became the first Lebanese act to headline the Byblos International Festival -- one of Lebanon 's largest music events -- then-Prime Minister Saad Hariri reportedly left midway through the performance , after the band played a song with swearing in the lyrics . Read more : Tackling Lebanon 's racism problem Lead singer and songwriter Hamed Sinno said the group does not actively court controversy , but is not interested in toning down their act to win mainstream approval . "  It 's not like we try to bother people . But we have n't really tried to inhibit ourselves , " he said . "  I guess that we have n't tried to censor ourselves bothers people , because we 're rather explicit about the world -- sometimes in ways that are disagreeable for a lot of people . " Most controversially , he says , "  we 're rather explicit about our sexuality . " Sinno is openly gay , a rarity for performers in a region where homophobic attitudes prevail . He has draped himself in a rainbow flag onstage , and written lyrics from the perspective of a gay lover in songs such as "  Smell the Jasmine . " It reflected the band 's goal to transcend stereotypes , and create art that communicated the complicated realities of a new generation in the Middle East , said Malaeb -- an honesty that has seen Mashrou ' Leila perform to fans in Tunis , Cairo , Abu Dhabi , Amman and even Novi Sad , Serbia . "  Lebanon has more to offer than the commercial music that you hear on the radio , " she said . "  We 're trying to do something that speaks more to us . "	Mashrou ' Leila is a seven-piece alternative rock band from Beirut The group has won fans throughout the Middle East since forming in 2008 Its frank treatment of taboo subjects such as sexuality and religion has drawn criticism The band 's lead singer is openly gay , a rarity in the Arab music scene
Baghdad  CNN  -- "  Significant differences " remain between world powers and Iran in negotiations over its nuclear program , European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Thursday . But , Ashton said , "  it 's clear that we both want to make progress . " The parties "  agree on further discussions to expand common ground , " she said , and have a clear direction going forward . Negotiations between Iran and the so-called P5 +1 -- the United States , France , Britain , Russia , China and Germany -- will continue next month in Moscow . Iran 's top negotiator , Saeed Jalili , asserted Iran 's right to pursue peaceful nuclear energy in his remarks to reporters . Later , in an interview with CNN , Jalili said there was progress . "  In two days , we exchanged viewpoints regarding those issues , " he said . "  It showed both sides are serious in order to move forward in the talks . " Western powers fear that Iran may be trying to build nuclear weapons , despite its insistence that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes . The West has been using sanctions and diplomacy to try to stop Iran from producing nuclear arms . Jalili told CNN that the removal of "  hostile measures " would increase cooperation . "  We have always said the thing that could break this deadlock is the attitude and cooperation , " he said . "  The current strategy of pressure could make the talks come to an end . The time for and the strategy of pressure is over , but we still have time for talks and new strategies that can bring a new horizon if  there is  cooperation . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the sanctions will remain in place . "  Iran now has the choice to make , " she said . "  Will it meet its international obligations and give the world confidence about its intentions , or not . " The announcement of further talks followed two days of intense negotiations in Baghdad . The discussions , scheduled to take a day , were extended into Thursday after reaching an apparent stalemate a day earlier . Speaking after the talks wrapped up , Ashton said the world powers remain "  firm , clear and united " in seeking a swift diplomatic swift resolution to their concerns over the "  exclusively peaceful nature " of Iran 's nuclear program . "  We expect Iran to take concrete and practical steps to urgently meet the concerns of the international community , to build confidence and to meet its international obligations , " she said . The world powers laid out "  clear proposals " to address the issues at hand and in particular the question of 20 % enrichment . Meanwhile , Iran came with its own five-point plan , which included an assertion that the world recognizes its "  right to enrichment , " she said . "  It 's clear that we both want to make progress and that there is some common ground , " she said . However , "  significant differences remain . " Diplomats will arrive in Moscow on June 17 , for talks on June 18 and 19 which will be based on "  a step-by-step approach and reciprocity , " Ashton said . The resolve to continue talks may signal a change in tone , coming after past negotiations that have been marred by threats and allegations of foot-dragging and unreasonable demands . Wednesday 's meeting appeared to yield little result , with each side submitting dueling proposals . Iran rejected calls during talks to stop the high enrichment of uranium that can be used for weapons , while the international powers refused Tehran 's demand for an immediate end to sanctions crippling its economy . Iran threatened this year to close the Strait of Hormuz , a vital oil shipping lane , if sanctions were imposed on its exports of crude oil . Israel , which is believed to have its own nuclear arsenal , has said it may attack Iran to try to stop Tehran from developing nuclear weapons . The talks come at a critical time for Iran . The country 's economy has been crippled by sanctions imposed by the United Nations , the United States and the European Union . Because 80 % of Iran 's foreign revenues are derived from oil exports , an embargo by the EU set to go into effect in July will put further pressure on its economy . On Wednesday , the six world powers made Iran an offer for stopping its processing of medium-enriched uranium , which can be used to make nuclear weapons , EU officials said . The proposal also called for Tehran to prove its nuclear program is being used for peaceful purposes as it claims , and comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions , according to a Western official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the discussions . Asked whether relief from the tough Western sanctions imposed on Iran will be on the table , the same Western official said : "  There is no expectation it will happen as a result of this meeting . Iran would need to take significant concrete action first , " the official said . Iran 's counter-proposal included five areas of nuclear and non-nuclear cooperation , state-run IRNA reported late Wednesday . A British Foreign Office spokesman said world powers are offering support for Iranian economic and agricultural development and the country 's civilian nuclear program in exchange for cooperation . Another idea on the table is an updated version of an earlier offer to swap enriched uranium for nuclear fuel , European Union officials said . There had been a proposal to swap most of Iran 's low-enriched uranium for fuel rods to power a medical research reactor in Tehran . The proposals address the world community 's "  concerns about the nature of their nuclear program , " said Mann , the spokesman for EU foreign policy chief Ashton . "  Obviously , you have various U.N. Security Council resolutions and reports from the International Atomic Energy Agency that have found suspicions that they may be developing a military program , so our proposals on the table address those concerns , " Mann said . "  We hope that they will come back and react positively to those proposals that we 've made and that we can really talk about the substance and get things moving . " Mann said 20 % uranium enrichment "  is one of the issues that 's addressed " in proposals Ashton put on the table . Uranium enriched at 20 % is typically used for hospital isotopes and research reactors , but is also seen as a shortcut toward the 90 % enrichment required to build nuclear weapons . Trita Parsi , president of the National Iranian American Council , said all parties should be commended for returning to the negotiating table . "  A feasible solution is to match tangible , verifiable Iranian concessions with a delay of the impending European Union oil embargo , " Parsi said in a statement . "  This would add time to the negotiation clock and buy both sides some breathing space . " CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom in Baghdad , Matthew Chance in London and Reza Sayah in Islamabad contributed to this report .	Iran has critical choice to make , Clinton says Iranian negotiator touts "  cooperation " over "  pressure " "  Significant differences " remain between world powers and Iran on its nuclear program Iran and world powers have agreed to meet next month in Moscow for more talks
Washington  CNN  -- Chandra Levy 's mother averted her eyes Wednesday as prosecutors showed the jury a photograph of her daughter 's skull discovered in woods by a man and his dog , a year after the Washington intern vanished in 2001 . Philip Palmer testified he found the skull while walking his puppy "  Paco " in an area away from established paths in Washington 's Rock Creek Park . Authorities believe the young woman was attacked while jogging and dragged away from a trail by suspect Ingmar Guandique , who allegedly killed her when she resisted . Guandique denies killing the woman , who had just turned 24 and was preparing to return to her parents ' home in California after a federal internship . Her mother , Susan Levy , who also is on the government 's witness list , has been in the spectator gallery throughout the trial . When prosecutors brought out the 8-by-10 glossy police photograph , she turned her head aside and avoided watching as the picture was placed on an overhead projector for the jury to see on a large screen in the courtroom . Prosecutors then played an audio recording of a call to 911 Palmer made from a borrowed telephone at a construction site some distance away . After explaining he had been walking with his dog in the woods , Palmer was heard telling police , "  I came across a human skull . " The emergency worker answering the phone asked him if he was sure , and Palmer replied that he was "  not sure anything else looks like that , that has  dental  fillings . " The emergency worker seemed to chuckle at the description and said "  guess not , " as he took down a location . "  I 've got a dog leash marking the spot , " Palmer added . The jury Wednesday also heard from Guandique 's former landlord , who said she twice allowed Guandique to stay at her own apartment after what were said to be fights with his girlfriend . "  She had attacked him , " property manager Sheila Phillips quoted Guandique as saying . Phillips said there were family ties with the suspect that began while "  Ingmar was living with my husband 's uncle . " Eventually he moved in with a woman in the same apartment complex , but the two did n't get along , Phillips testified . Guandique showed up at her place with cuts and a swollen lip around May 1 , 2001 , saying he 'd had another fight with the girlfriend , Phillips told prosecutor Fernando Campoamor-Sanchez . The date was at about the same time Chandra Levy is thought to have been attacked and killed . Prosecutors hope to prove Guandique 's injuries are from Levy fighting for her life . "  He told people his girlfriend did it , " said prosecutor Amanda Haines during opening statements Monday . "  But the girlfriend at four-foot something and 90 pounds , will say no , " Haines told the jury . Defense attorney Santha Sonenberg , during cross-examination of the landlord , challenged the time frame of Guandique 's purported May 1 fight , saying Phillips later said she was not sure of the exact date . Prosecutors prepared to call the former girlfriend to the witness stand later Wednesday . The woman was expected to tell the jury Guandique physically attacked her during the arguments . On Tuesday the jury heard from Robert Levy , the dead woman 's father , who described the family 's frantic search for Chandra , who by the first week of May was overdue for a flight home , and missing her graduation ceremony in southern California . Looking through her cellphone records , Levy testified he called one that rang at the office of then-California Rep. Gary Condit . The family immediately thought he was linked to her disappearance . "  We were mad at Condit , trying to point him as the villain , " Robert Levy testified on cross-examination Tuesday . "  I was suspicious of him . He was the primary suspect , " Levy said , reflecting on a transcript of what he earlier had told a grand jury investigating the case . "  We were thinking Condit was the guilty one before we knew about this character here , " Levy testified , looking toward the defendant . Levy 's disappearance nine years ago received widespread publicity because of her alleged relationship with the sitting California Democrat . The revelation contributed to the political downfall of Condit , who will be called to testify during the trial . Police said Condit was never a suspect in the case , although he was questioned intensively as investigators tried to find Levy . A police supervisor testified Tuesday he was taken off the case when he told his superiors their pressure to pursue Condit was interfering with the investigation . Still , when authorities questioned Condit in the weeks after Levy 's disappearance , he seemed evasive , according to detective Sgt. Ronald Wyatt of the Metropolitan Police Department . He testified Condit "  was a bit arrogant and not forthright " in a 2001 meeting at the congressman 's condominium in Washington . Wyatt said Condit denied having an intimate affair with Levy . Guandique 's public defenders say DNA evidence exonerates him since it does not match the suspect , Levy , or Condit . Assistant U.S. Attorney Amanda Haines told the jury in opening statements Monday that the "  dozen or so skin cells " found on Levy 's jogging tights are the result of contamination by poorly-handled evidence . Prosecutors admit their case is circumstantial , but have presented testimony from two women Guandique has admitted attacking along the same wooded trails of Rock Creek Park where Levy 's remains were found . Both women survived and positively identified the man on trial . The government plans to call jailhouse associates who claim Guandique described killing Levy , and hope the judge will see the other attacks as something the jury should consider when it deliberates the murder charges .	NEW : The suspect 's landlord describes a history of domestic violence Police show photograph of crime scene ; audio played of 911 call Levy 's mother avoids looking at images of the young woman 's remains Defendant Ingmar Guandique is fighting charges of murder for the intern 's death
CNN  -- Howie Mandel endured ridicule from other kids as a child because when his shoelaces came undone , he would limp around without tying them . He did n't want to handle the laces because they had touched the ground , and he thought they were dirty . Mandel , a Canadian comedian , later learned that he has obsessive compulsive disorder , a condition characterized by repetitive thoughts , impulses or images , and behaviors performed over and over . Some people with OCD wash their hands excessively or check to see if doors are locked multiple times . About 2.2 million Americans have OCD , according to the National Institutes of Health . Research has suggested the condition runs in families . Mandel also has attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and depression . "  As a child I did n't know that these things even existed , " he told CNN 's Erin Burnett . "  I knew that I felt isolated . " Mandel said his OCD is more complicated than he has led people to believe . It 's not as straightforward as a fear of germs . "  I know intellectually that if I shake somebody 's hand that I 'm not going to get sick and die , " he said . But there have been times when Mandel has touched something or someone and then obsessed for the rest of the day about it , trapped in a "  never ending obsessive-compulsive world . " Mandel recently appeared on "  The Tonight Show " with Jay Leno , and dipped his hand into a large bowl of hand sanitizer before shaking hands with the host . Mandel admitted to Burnett that he made the situation "  more dramatic than it was , " and that it was actually not a big problem to touch Leno 's hand . "  I do n't know when it 's going to be a big problem , " he said . A big concern of Mandel 's is that there are no routine resources in place for mental health for young people , the way there are for physical health . Mandel said that just like parents take their children to pediatricians and dentists , mental health -- such as counseling -- should also be part of the picture . "  We take care of our dental health , " he said . "  We do n't take care of our mental health . " Mandel acknowledged that some people with mental illnesses are overmedicated ; at the same time , some sufferers of colds want to take antibiotics unnecessarily . But Mandel is more concerned about helping people cope with their life situations , both those who have diagnosed mental illnesses and those who do not . ADHD : Who makes the diagnosis ? "  We are so behind in the world as to not have something in place that just teaches everyone how to cope , " he said . The embarrassment and stigma surrounding mental health issues needs to end , he said . "  I think the solution to making this world better is if we would just be healthy , mentally , " Mandel said . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	Howie Mandel has OCD , ADHD and depression Mandel wants mental health resources available for children He says taking care of mental health should be as routine as for physical health
CNN  -- Joan Rivers has been moved out of the intensive care unit and into a private hospital room , her daughter said Wednesday . Melissa Rivers , who confirmed Tuesday that her mother was on life support , did not indicate if the change was the result of an improved medical condition six days after she suffered respiratory and cardiac arrest during a medical procedure . "  My mother has been moved out of intensive care and into a private room where she is being kept comfortable , " she said . "  Thank you for your continued support . " It is not clear if Rivers is still on life support , which "  replaces or supports a failing bodily function , " according to an explanation from the Cleveland Clinic . "  When patients have curable or treatable conditions , life support is used temporarily until the illness or disease can be stabilized and the body can resume normal functioning , " the Cleveland Clinic website said . "  At times , the body never regains the ability to function without life support . " Rivers has shared few details with the public about her mother 's condition since she was rushed to Manhattan 's Mount Sinai Hospital August 28 . A statement Sunday that the family was "  keeping our fingers crossed . " Rivers , 81 , stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic last week , according to the New York Fire Department . She apparently suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest during a procedure . She was listed in critical condition in New York 's Mount Sinai Hospital , where paramedics took her by ambulance . Rivers was undergoing an apparently minor elective procedure at the clinic , which is about a mile away from the hospital where she was taken . CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Joan Rivers is in a private room "  where she is being kept comfortable " Her daughter confirmed Tuesday Rivers is on life support The comedian has been hospitalized since suffering cardiac arrest last week She stopped breathing during throat surgery at a Manhattan medical clinic
Toyota City , Japan  CNN  -- The head of Toyota Motor Corp. told his employees on Friday that the company must begin again if it is to regain its legacy of quality that helped make it the world 's largest automotive company . "  We must make February 24 , the day of U.S. congressional hearing , as the day of restart for Toyota , " said Akio Toyoda , referring to his appearance in Washington before a U.S. congressional committee investigating the recall of Toyota vehicles for problems related to stuck brakes and accelerator pedals . "  We should throw away all our past success and review our value of existence once more , " he told an assembly of 2000 employees , while 7000 more watched by video . "  I 'd like to revisit , not only with words but with action what our real duties are . We must go forward step by step . We must unite and do our best . " The speech was part of an aggressive charm offensive by Toyoda to bolster the company 's image after 8.5 million cars were recalled in North America , Europe , China and Japan in recent months . Toyoda was widely criticized for not appearing in public for two weeks in January as the global recall crisis spiraled . The morale-boosting talk to employees comes a week after his trip to Washington and a visit to Beijing earlier this week to apologize to customers there . "  The quality problems we face now have not been solved yet . And a mountain of work has to be done , " he said . "  But what I can reconfirm  through the U.S. visit  was not only remorse , but also our strength ... the strength of the bond that all of the Toyota family share , " he said . The meeting was dubbed "  Urgent meeting for all Toyota -- towards the new start of Toyota " and was organized by Toyota 's middle managers , many of whom packed the hall of Toyota 's world headquarters wearing their gray work uniforms . They applauded often during the speeches by all five Toyota executives who participated at the U.S. congressional hearings , including Jim Lentz , head of Toyota Motor Sales USA . "  We are confident that Toyota vehicles are safe , and we will do everything we can to ensure that our customers are satisfied with repairs that we are making , " Lentz said . Lentz added , "  We are going to continue to face with criticisms , and that 's going to be a long road ahead . " Mitsuru Kawai , a Toyota factory head who has worked for the company for 44 years , said after the meeting that it was good "  we could share what the executives went through in their own words . We would like to work as one to serve the customers ' demands . "	Employees applaud often during speeches by all five Toyota executives Toyoda doing aggressive charm offensive to bolster company 's image Toyota has had to recall 8.5 million cars in North America , Europe , China and Japan
CNN  Lewis Hamilton has conquered the world of Formula One but becoming a global superstar is a far bumpier ride . Sporting ability has been transformed into lasting celebrity by footballers like Pele and David Beckham and NBA star Michael Jordan . At the age of 30 -- and with the fastest car in the world at his fingertips -- Hamilton is at the peak of his powers . During Sunday 's season-opening Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne , millions of hardcore Hamilton fans will bite their fingernails and hold their breath when their hero returns to the track in his Mercedes racing car . But will the Briton 's quest for a third world title in 2015 even register with the average Joe ? Half a billion TV viewers watch F1 across the year , a figure which pales in comparison with the 4.7 billion football fans who watch the English Premier League over the course of a season . Jon Stainer , managing director of leading sport and entertainment market research company Repucom , argues that Hamilton , however , is already gaining wider recognition . "  On a global scale Lewis already sits in the top half of all celebrities across sport , arts and music , " he told CNN . Repucom monitors celebrity trends by a monthly survey of the general public where 5,000 famous faces are rated according to certain parameters . Those who rank in their study of the world 's top-20 faces includes actors Angelina Jolie and Leonardo DiCaprio , singers Madonna and Jennifer Lopez , footballer Beckham and Microsoft co-founder and philanthropist Bill Gates . "  We look at celebrity awareness and other metrics like likeability , whether they are seen as trendsetters , the level of trust people place in them and whether people aspire to have a life like that celebrity . "  We are starting to see Lewis go beyond the traditional Formula One audience into the mainstream audience . "  Some of that is spurred on by his on-off relationship with -LSB- former girlfriend -RSB- Nicole Scherzinger . Those stories put him in the headlines beyond the back pages . " Hamilton split from popstar and TV personality Scherzinger for the fourth time in February after a seesawing seven-year relationship . He may no longer be one half of motorsport 's "  Posh And Becks " but he 's not been shy of socializing with stars from other spheres . Just 10 days before the Australian GP , Hamilton was partying at Paris Fashion Week with musician and producer Kanye West and his wife Kim Kardashian . Mixing with celebrity friends has raised Hamilton 's profile , and for some of his fans that is part of his appeal , but there is also a danger of alienating his petrolhead devotees . The famous friends , bright red private jet -- complete with traveling pampered pooches Roscoe and Coco -- and forays into song writing might be at odds with the perceived image of a feisty F1 world champion . Marketing expert Steve Martin , who worked with Hamilton in his role as CEO of M&C Saatchi Sport and Entertainment , warned the driver 's lifestyle could be "  a bit showy . " "  I 'm not sure if in any walk of life people like showy people , " he told CNN . "  And so why should that be different on the international stage in a sporting context ? " Christopher Thomas , a Hamilton super-fan from New York , says : "  Hanging out with top celebrities is n't a problem as long as it does n't interfere with his ability to race . "  As long as he shows up to the race and does what he 's supposed to , everything is fine . " Hamilton has often split opinion with his emotional approach to racing . Unlike his seemingly unflappable Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg , the Briton races with his heart on his sleeve . For some , that passionate impulse is exactly what draws them to him . "  Lewis is cautious and aggressive all at the same time , " says Brazilian fan Melissa , who shows her support for the Mercedes driver by referring to herself as Mel "  Hamilton . " "  Sometimes I think I will have a heart attack watching him ! "  He does not live by certain standards . He is not hiding . He is authentic . " Thomas agrees : "  He 's so popular because you see him show his emotions . He stays true to himself . " Hamilton 's fiery responses have helped make him a fearless , instinctive driver who gives no ground on track . Consider the mental resolve required to win both his world titles at the final race of the season -- or , in the case of his 2008 triumph with McLaren in Brazil , at the very last corner . But then there have been the meltdowns , which reached their nadir in a tumultuous 2011 season when Hamilton had an ongoing spat with Ferrari driver Felipe Massa -- at one point calling his driving skills "  frickin ' ridiculous " -- and controversially criticized the race stewards in Monaco . "  A lot of commentators diss Lewis for being open about his emotional life , " says Tom Roope , whose company The Rumpus Room creates Hamilton 's digital media . "  There is that Marmite-ness -- you either love him or hate him . "  But I think people like the fact that he 's not running around trying to be perfect . " His hot-blooded impulses do allow a fleeting glimpse into the real Hamilton . Following Hamilton at grands prix over the last six years , he 's not a very visible driver compared to others who can be seen chatting with team members and guests inside the motorhomes . He is courteous and friendly in media briefings , where he will often chew on a handful of sweets , but it is hard to get beyond the façade of the PR-trained F1 driver and understand what he is really like . Marketing and PR expert Martin believes Hamilton could improve his global popularity by opening up a little more . "  If I were to do one or two things , I 'd like to make him more natural , to make him relax and be more comfortable in his own skin , " advised Martin , whose clients include footballer Cristiano Ronaldo , another athlete who has successfully transcended his sport . "  When he talks to use a language that is n't so robotic . Humility and having a common touch is a very big skill that people forget . "  Beckham is the best example , he can show humility , he 's down to earth , he 's a smiler and he takes the highs and lows in his career very well . "  He has that continuous appeal that is so enduring , and you can take a lot of lessons from that . " If Hamilton is to extend his celebrity beyond the sporting sphere , he could do well to follow Beckham 's example in another area too -- philanthropy . The former Manchester United , Real Madrid and LA Galaxy star retired two years ago but he has been an ambassador for children 's charity Unicef for the last decade . He and his popstar-turned-fashion-designer wife Victoria have their own charitable trust . When Beckham signed for French club Paris Saint-Germain in 2013 he also donated his multi-million dollar wages to charity . Hamilton has also contributed to Unicef 's campaigns and during a break last season he traveled to Haiti to see first hand the charity 's work there with malnourished children . "  Being involved in charity and community work is a way Lewis can develop his appeal beyond F1 and the sport audience , " suggests Stainer . "  That 's how Beckham managed to mold and transform his character and marketability towards the end of his playing career . "  Lewis can also touch the lives of more people but that is a difficult thing to do when you 're at the peak of your career . " Martin agrees that having a strategy for his career beyond sport is absolutely essential to maintaining a high profile . "  We 've worked with Lewis for a number of years and he 's been brilliant but it 's not about living in the moment , it 's about having a plan that evolves , " he added . "  How does he make sure his appeal is so enduring that it lasts beyond his Formula One career ? " Hamilton still has plenty of racing left in the tank . Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen is the oldest driver on the 2015 grid and the Finn will turn 36 in October . For now , at least , there is one relatively easy way for Hamilton , allied with Mercedes ' powerful car , to crank up his kudos . "  Win more championships , " says Thomas . "  And win more races in the U.S. and Canada . "  F1 is still growing in the U.S. and when it comes to celebrity status the U.S. has a big deal to do with what happens globally . "  If you 're a celebrity in the U.S. then it transcends outwards into other countries . " Could winning a third world title with Mercedes push Hamilton into the ranks of F1 's greatest drivers and deeper into the public consciousness ? "  He 's the favorite in 2015 because the Mercedes gap to the others is so big that even if it 's reduced , it 's probably still going to be there , " Hamilton 's biographer Mark Hughes told CNN over the winter . "  Lewis is in a position to make it a great career and if he keeps winning titles he will be recognized as one of the giants . " Hamilton has already raced his way to riches from rags , becoming F1 's first black star , a winner of 33 grands prix and two world titles , against a backdrop of racing rivalry and a rocky celebrity romance . On Sunday , another chapter will be written in the double world champion 's rollercoaster story when the 2015 season fires up around Melbourne 's Albert Park . So , what next ? "  Lewis is a bit like a soap opera , " says Roope . "  It 's amazing how much drama there is around him . " "  You need to create a story around somebody to have ongoing appeal , " says Martin . "  What makes great sports people , the ones that fans like over time , are those who come back from tremendous highs and lows -- that 's a great story . "	Lewis Hamilton is starting to reach beyond the traditional Formula One audience The double world champion could expand his brand through more charity work A third world title with Mercedes in 2015 would also help him become an F1 great
CNN  -- A prominent conservative judge expressed concerns Tuesday about whether Michigan 's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage was constitutional , saying that given "  modern conceptions of marriage , " the state 's law seems "  harder to justify . " The remarks came during an unusual series of oral arguments played out over one afternoon at the federal appeals court in Cincinnati . A three-judge panel 6th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals heard lawyers from four states defend their same-sex marriage bans , in a dramatic series of consecutive cases from Michigan , Ohio , Kentucky , and Tennessee . In the first petition from Michigan , Judge Jeffrey Sutton had tough questions for the state 's solicitor general . "  What do we do about a reality that marriage -- it changes with social mores ? " asked Sutton from the bench . "  And maybe , originally , marriage was about encouraging procreation ... but modern conceptions of marriage are more about love , affection , and commitment . And when you think of that way , it does seem a little harder to justify , even on rational basis grounds , " he said . A winning streak Sutton , who was named to the court by President George W. Bush , added : "  If you think about marriage just through that at lens â $ " love , affection , commitment -- it does start to get gets a little difficult to see the difference between the one group eligible  to marry  and the other group not . " The appeals panel could extend a remarkable winning streak for gay rights supporters , after state and federal judges in about two dozen cases have struck down same-sex marriage bans in the past year . This after the Supreme Court in June 2013 tossed out a key part of a federal law defining marriage as only between one man and one woman . Four separate rulings The current intermediate review stage will produce four separate written rulings in coming weeks . Appeals of one or all of those state bans will likely end up at the Supreme Court . There the justices could finally answer whether same-sex couples have a constitutional equal protection right that must be applied in every state , including the 31 with current bans . Federal appeals courts have already struck down similar bans in Utah , Oklahoma , and Virginia in recent weeks . Two of the three judges on the panel this week were appointed by Republican presidents , leading to predictions they would uphold state bans . The judicial panel was tough on both sides , particularly Sutton , who ask probing questions of lawyers representing various gay and lesbian couples seeking the right to wed , or to have their home states recognize valid out-of-state marriages . "  If respect and dignity  for gay couples  are critical elements here , I would have thought the best way to get respect and dignity is through the democratic process , " said Sutton , citing those states that have chosen to change the law in the past decade . Conservative argument He suggested taking the challenge in the courts was not the best strategy . "  Do n't you think you 're more likely to change hearts and minds through the democratic process , than you are with the decision of five justices on the Supreme Court ? Assuming you can win on this , why do you want that route ? " he asked . That has been the argument many conservative activists have made in preserving the marriage status quo . Michigan 's Solicitor General Aaron Lindstrom defended the current ban , saying "  It 's rational for the state to have an interest in promoting marriage , so it will be more likely a child will have both a mother and father , and will have the benefits of having both a mother and a father . But Judge Martha Craig Daughtrey , named to the bench by President Clinton , jumped in . "  But what is the rational basis of excluding everybody else ? It does n't interfere with the procreation of children just because you 've got two people of the same sex marrying in and in some of those marriages , one of the partners is able to procreate . " Complete discretion And when Lindstrom said the state had an interest ensuring "  procreation occurs in long-term committed relationships between opposite sex couples , " the judge seemed unconvinced . "  Is n't that a little hypocritical , " said Daughtrey , "  to allow people to marry who ca n't procreate , but prevent same sex partners from marrying , and in some of those marriages , one of the partners is able to procreate ? " The nine members of the high court have complete discretion to accept or deny any case presented to them . Their recent precedents however , give unbridled optimism to many in the gay rights and civil rights communities they will at least get their day in court . A sweeping judicial victory may be tantalizingly close . "  You never know how any Supreme Court case is going to be resolved , especially when the stakes are this high , but the challengers definitely have the upper hand , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of SCOTUSblog.com and a prominent Washington attorney . Also argued Tuesday was Kentucky 's ban . The commonwealth 's Democratic Gov. Steven Beshear hired outside lawyers to defend the ban on recognizing out-of-state same-sex marriages , after his attorney general tearfully refused in March to take part in any further legal challenges . More than 70 lawsuits By CNN 's count , there are more than 70 same-sex marriage lawsuits pending in every state with a current ban . North Dakota this spring becoming the latest , and last , to have one filed in court , on behalf of seven homosexual couples . The Supreme Court could historically alter how marriage is treated under a legal framework , potentially striking down every current same-sex marriage ban . Or the justices could leave the current patchwork of state laws in place , allowing state legislatures and state courts to sort it all out , for now . A CNN/ORC International poll released a year ago found an apparent cultural shift -- 53 % of Americans now support same-sex marriage , up from 40 % in 2007 . And that survey showed 56 % of the public feels the federal government should also legally recognize same-sex marriages . Virginia ban overturned GOP on same-sex marriage The facts about same-sex marriage	Conservative judge expressed concerns about Michigan 's same-sex ban Unusual series of oral arguments in a federal appeals courtroom in Ohio Gay rights supporters in the midst of legal winning streak
CNN  -- An attempted breakout by Muslim Brotherhood prisoners left at least 36 dead Sunday as Egypt 's military chief urged supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy to quit resisting the new government . "  Egypt has room for everybody , and we are keen to save every drop of Egyptian blood , " Gen. Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , the country 's defense minister , said after days of clashes between pro-Morsy demonstrators and security forces that left hundreds dead . But he added , "  Confrontation will not be in the interest of those who wish to confront us , because we are determined to protect Egypt and its people . " New protests against the military-installed interim government popped up around the country after Sunday evening prayers . And at least three dozen jailed members of the Muslim Brotherhood , the long-supressed Islamist movement that brought Morsy to power , were killed during what the Interior Ministry said was an attempted breakout . The inmates were among a group of more than 600 who were being taken to a prison north of Cairo , ministry spokesman Hani Abdel Latif told CNN . They seized a senior officer who was checking out "  a commotion " in one of the trucks , he said . "  The other officers tried to free him , and in the process , they used tear gas , resulting in 36 detainees killed , " Abdel Latif said . The captive officer was seriously injured but survived , the ministry said . The Freedom and Justice Party , the Brotherhood 's political arm , put the number of dead at 52 and demanded an international investigation into the deaths . Al-Sisi and Interior Minister Mohammed Ibrahim Kamel bear "  full criminal responsibility " for the deaths , the party said . An earlier report by the state-run news agency EGYNews said a group of armed men attempted to free the prisoners . Abdel Latif said that report was still being investigated , however . Morsy was toppled in July , triggering weeks of protests by the Muslim Brotherhood and his supporters . The ouster capped weeks of growing protests against Egypt 's first democratically elected leader , who had taken office barely a year before . In a nationally televised speech , al-Sisi urged Morsy 's supporters "  to review their national positions and realize very well that the legitimacy belongs to the people . " "  The Egyptian people are free to choose whoever to govern them , while the armed forces will remain the safeguard of the will of the people and of their choice , " he said . Morsy 's supporters say the military-backed interim government instigated the violence that killed more than 700 in the past week , starting with a dawn raid at two pro-Morsy protest camps last week that left more than 500 dead . Scores more were killed in the following days as Morsy 's supporters tried to continue their protests . Among the dead were 70 police officers , with more than 600 police , soldiers and other members of the security forces wounded , the Interior Ministry reported Sunday . The government also announced a ban against "  popular committees , " the neighborhood watch groups that have battled protesters in recent days . The Interior Ministry said Sunday evening that some of those groups were taking advantage of their positions to carry out "  criminal acts . " But Muslim Brotherhood spokesman Mahmoud Ghazlan said al-Sisi 's comments "  are a clear proof that the end of the coup is near , " Ghazlan said . Al-Sisi and other government leaders were "  trying to beautify the ugly face of this bloody coup , " he said . "  Woe unto those who will be fooled by all of these lies . " The Brotherhood canceled a march planned for Roxy Square in Heliopolis , a suburb of Cairo , due to concerns about snipers on routes . But it said demonstrations took place around the country , including in Alexandria , on the Mediterranean coast , and in Giza , outside Cairo . In Qena , in southern Egypt , demonstrators chanted , "  We are all ready to be martyrs " and "  Down , down with the killers . " In Atfih , south of Cairo , protesters called al-Sisi a "  butcher " and called for his execution . The size of the protests could not be independently confirmed . On Saturday , Egyptian security forces arrested more than 350 people at a mosque where throngs of Morsy supporters were hiding , including a handful from outside Egypt -- three Irish citizens , one Turkish and one Syrian , the Egyptian Interior Ministry said . The ministry also said two automatic rifles and 24 Molotov cocktail bottles were confiscated . Among others in custody was Mohamed al-Zawahiri , the brother of al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri , an Egyptian court confirmed Sunday . Mohamed al-Zawahiri and another Islamist leader , Mustafa Hamza , were ordered held for up to 15 days for investigation on charges of joining an organization that seeks to disrupt the social peace and national unity in the country , the state-run news service EGYNews reported . Both men are leaders of another Islamist organization , Jamaa Islamiya . Government says news biased toward Morsy , Islamists Morsy 's opponents argued the army needed to step in to protect Egypt 's nascent democracy from a leader who was amassing power for himself . The new government urged the global community to listen to its side Sunday , accusing international media of being sympathetic to Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood . In a statement also released Sunday , the interim government said it would set up a National Council for Human Rights and document "  all the events that took place during the crisis . " But it also said it would set up a National Committee for Media and questioned whether the Qatar-based satellite network Al Jazeera was operating legally inside Egypt . And members of the Foreign Ministry showed journalists a video-and-photo montage Sunday of recent carnage , blaming "  terrorists " for the chaos . Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy acknowledged the country is in a state of uncertainty . He said the interim government is "  trying to identify the political identity so we can move forward . " "  We are still open to any ideas or suggestions " from the global community , Fahmy told reporters Sunday . But in the end , "  the decision is Egyptian . " Fahmy also said he greatly appreciated the foreign aid that Egypt gets . The United States , for example , gives Egypt more than $ 1 billion a year . "  We are very thankful for the aid . But it should not be targeted , " Fahmy said . "  The threat of stopping aid in this period is not acceptable . " Opinion : Why U.S. has n't cut off aid to Egypt But the Obama administration is facing new calls from U.S. lawmakers to cut off that aid in the wake of last week 's violence . U.S. law bars support of a government that has taken power by extraconstitutional means , but the administration has said it wo n't make a formal determination as to whether Morsy 's ouster was a coup . Sen. Jack Reed , a leading Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee , told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " that the the clampdown is "  completely unconscionable . " And Sen. John McCain , the committee 's ranking Republican , said continued American assistance will add fuel to anti-American sentiments in the region . "  With Apache helicopters flying overhead , nothing is more symbolic of the United States of America siding with the generals , " McCain told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Other allies in the region have stepped up to support the current government . Saudi Arabia has pledged $ 5 billion in grants and loans , while the United Arab Emirates has said it would give $ 1 billion to Egypt and lend it an additional $ 2 billion as an interest-free central bank deposit . ElBaradei takes off Amid the turmoil , Cairo 's stock market plunged nearly 4 % on Sunday . And Mohamed ElBaradei , who stepped down last week as interim vice president , boarded a flight to Austria , after the interim president accepted his resignation , EGYNews service reported . The former International Atomic Energy Agency chief was one of Morsy 's biggest critics . But ElBaradei said in his resignation Wednesday that he did n't agree with decisions carried out by the ruling government and "  can not be responsible for a single  drop of  blood . " Egypt : Is it still safe to travel ? Meanwhile , the turmoil in Egypt continues to cause ripples overseas . Members of the European Union announced Sunday that the body will "  urgently review in the coming days its relations with Egypt and adopt measures " aimed at ending violence , resuming political dialogue and returning to a democratic process . Opinion : Egypt 's identity torn in two CNN 's Saad Abedine , Schams Elwazer , Ali Younes , Hamdi Alkhshali , Holly Yan , Ian Lee and Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	NEW : Jailbreak bid kills 36 Muslim Brotherhood prisoners , ministry says NEW : "  The end of the coup is near , " Brotherhood spokesman says Army chief says Egypt "  has room for everybody , " urges end to resistance ElBaradei leaves Egypt for Austria after resignation
CNN  Binge-watching fans of "  Doctor Who " and "  Luther " can breathe a sigh of relief . Netflix confirmed on Friday that it 's renewed the contracts of several BBC shows , including several fan favorites . "  Doctor Who " is among those that will remain available on the streaming service beyond the end of the month . Last week , there were concerns that the shows might not return to Netflix because of an expiring contract . Fans of "  Doctor Who " had launched an online petition to keep the series available . Other BBC shows , however were n't so lucky . "  Fawlty Towers , " "  Blackadder , " "  MI-5 ″ and "  Red Dwarf " will be leaving Netflix after January 31 . Here 's a full list of which series will still be available on Netflix in February , according to Variety : Classic "  Doctor Who " "  Doctor Who " seasons 1 through 7 "  Copper " seasons 1 and 2 "  House of Cards " trilogy "  Keeping Up Appearances " season 1 "  Luther " seasons 1 through 3 "  Monarch of the Glen " seasons 1 through 6 "  North & South " "  Robin Hood " seasons 1 through 3 "  The Buccaneers " "  The Office " U.K. seasons 1 and 2 "  Top Gear " seasons 17 though 20 "  Torchwood " seasons 1 through 4 "  Wallander " seasons 1 through 3 "  Sherlock , " "  Happy Valley , " "  The Honorable Woman " and "  Call the Midwife " were not up for renewal and will remain on Netflix as well .	Despite concerns , many favorite BBC series will remain on Netflix beyond January The streaming service is keeping "  Doctor Who , " "  Sherlock , " "  Luther " and more "  Fawlty Towers , " "  Blackadder " among those leaving Netflix
Parenting.com  -- When we asked you to tell us about the amazing moms in your life , we had no idea we 'd be flooded with hundreds of stories about such inspiring women doing pretty powerful stuff for their families , friends and communities . Narrowing our search to just six finalists was no easy task , but , ultimately , these women represent all mothers who work selflessly each day to raise their families and do good things . Here they are : our Moms Who Rock . Starla Jones 22 , Norman , Oklahoma ; mom to son Elijah , 13 months , and foster mom to her niece , 5 months Why she rocks : She broke a family legacy of neglect and abuse and fostered her sister 's drug-addicted infant â $ " all while being a new mom herself . Her story : Four days after Starla Jones ' estranged older sister gave birth to a little girl , the baby was handed over to foster care .  The laws in some states prohibit the baby from being identified . Starla , herself a new mom , felt she needed to step in and help . "  I wanted to do what I could to give her a normal life , " says Starla , who lived in foster homes for a couple of years as a child . "  I did n't want her to go through what I did . " When she and her husband welcomed her niece at 3 weeks old , the newborn was underweight and still dealing with drug withdrawal symptoms like not wanting to be held and difficulty sleeping . "  That was probably the hardest time of my life , " she says . Fortunately , the little girl is thriving under their care . "  She 's so smiley , " says Starla . The couple are trying to officially adopt the infant . "  It 's a huge blessing to see a baby who was going through something so difficult and then to see her get the love she deserves , " Starla says . "  I 'm truly amazed to see her happy and doing great . " Parenting.com : The weirdest maternity photos ever Courtney deYager 24 , Seattle , Washington ; mom to daughter Kaylee Hope , 5 months Why she rocks : Despite an unimaginable loss , she reached out to support other grieving parents . Her story : After a healthy pregnancy in 2009 , nurse Courtney DeYager was devastated to give birth to an 8-pound 14-ounce stillborn son named Zachary . Days later , Courtney began blogging her story atzacharymichaeldeyager.blogspot.com as a way to deal with her grief and connect with others dealing with devastating loss . "  The blog has been a great way to reach out to other moms and give a voice to those who 've lost a child , " she says . A few days after Courtney suffered an ectopic pregnancy in January 2010 , a fellow nurse asked her to travel to Haiti to help in the aftermath of the earthquake . Her time there brought an unexpected reward . "  Haiti was the first time I felt like I could love kids again . It was healing for me , " she says . Soon after returning home , Courtney learned she was pregnant . Kaylee Hope was born Nov. 27 , 2010 . "  I 'm loving being a mom and soaking it all in , " Courtney says . Amy Dunnigan 37 , San Rafael , California ; mom to daughter , 5 , and son , 22 months Why she rocks : She has tirelessly collected baby clothes for new-borns in need since 2006 . Her story : For the past five years , Amy Dunnigan has made it her mission to help Loved Twice , a nonprofit dedicated to collecting and distributing gently used clothes to underprivileged babies in the San Francisco area . Since 2005 , Loved Twice has collected 25,000 pounds of items â $ " 5,000 pounds of which Amy contributed . She gathers , washes , sorts , repackages and delivers goods to the organization each week . She even scours sites like Craigslist and tries to convince sellers to donate items instead . "  After you become a mom and hear that any child is in need , you want to drop everything and help , " she says . "  It 's just instinct . " Amy also uses this as a learning tool for her kids . "  My son is in the car when I make my pickups , " she says . "  And my daughter enjoys snapping all the one-piece bodysuits . She knows she 's helping babies . I think it 's so important to teach kids how easy it is to donate and how fulfilling it is . " Parenting.com : Totally ridiculous parenting products Tishara Osbey 21 , Crete , Nebraska ; mom to daughter Alyssia , 12 months Why she rocks : She regained her footing as a single mom and found time to go to work , school and feed the homeless . Her story : When Tishara Osbey became pregnant her sophomore year of college , she was faced with personal and financial struggles . Thanks to a school adviser who went out of her way to help Tishara and her new baby , she was encouraged to get back on track . "  If she was n't going to give up on me , I knew I could n't give up on myself either , " says Tishara . The single mom then focused on re-enrolling for the fall semester . She also started a job , but wanted to help people too . The local soup kitchen did n't need more volunteers , so using her own money , Tishara began bagging lunches and driving 50 miles round trip to downtown Lincoln , Nebraska , to give food to the homeless every week . She hopes to one day open a homeless shelter , but in the meantime , Tishara 's working on a sociology degree and raising Alyssia . "  I plan to teach her through example and involvement in things I do . " Cari Childers 24 , Spring Hill , Florida ; mom to daughter MaKayla , 6 months Why she rocks : Come March , the new mom will deploy to Afghanistan for 12 months , where she 'll serve as a mechanic for the Black Hawk helicopters used for patrol , transportation and flight training . Her story : While serving in the National Guard since 2003 , Cari Childers did a tour in Iraq from 2008 to 2009 , where for four of those months she flew as a door gunner .  Yep , you read that right â $ " she aimed and fired arms from a helicopter .  Cari admits it was n't difficult being away from home during her previous tour because she was n't married or a mother . This time will be a challenge . "  It 's especially hard for a mom missing your child 's milestones , " she says . Cari credits her husband , Kyle , a stay-at-home father , for supporting her career . While it might be difficult to be away , Cari knows her work is helping to create a good life for her family . "  There 's nothing better than what I do . " First lady Michelle Obama launched an initiative encouraging all Americans to find ways to help support the families of those who serve in the Armed Forces . For more on Strengthening Our Military Families , go to serve.gov . Parenting.com : How to take the coolest family portraits ever Brooke Scollin 27 , Blue Springs , Missouri ; mom to son Austin , 6 , and daughter Kenadie , 4 Why she rocks : She volunteered as a gestational carrier for her cousin and then pumped breast milk for the baby . Her story : After a decade of trying to conceive , including several rounds of in vitro fertilization attempts , Monika Ogilvie and her husband had nearly given up hope of having a biological child . That is , until Monika 's cousin , Brooke Scollin  pictured , right  , offered to be her gestational carrier . "  My kids are my life , and I ca n't imagine trying for 10 years and not getting anything in the end , " Brooke says . In January 2010 , Brooke underwent an embryo transfer resulting in a pregnancy after the first try . Brooke welcomed Monika at doctors ' appointments and ultrasounds so she could enjoy each step of the baby 's growth . "  The experience was amazing , " says Monika . "  I got to go to every appointment and feel the baby kick for the first time on Mother 's Day . I do n't feel like I missed anything . " When Brooke gave birth last October to a healthy baby girl named Olivia , she went on to pump breast milk for four months while working . Naturally , the experience brought the cousins closer . "  We are 10 years apart , so we were n't always close , " says Brooke , "  but now Monika is like a sister to me . I do n't remember what my life was like without having her in it every day . " Parenting.com : 17 easy steps to becoming a happier mom Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	These six women represent the mothers who work selflessly each day Starla Jones broke a family legacy of neglect and abuse Brooke Scollin was a gestational carrier for her cousin
London  CNN  -- One year ago , Lord Justice Leveson delivered his damning report on the "  culture , practices and ethics " of the British press . Called into action following the revelations of widespread phone hacking at the best-selling  and now defunct  News of the World tabloid , Leveson concluded that sections of the press "  had wreaked havoc with the lives of innocent people whose rights and liberties have been disdained . " Leveson called for a new form of independent press self-regulation to be overseen by a recognition body established in law to replace the industry-backed Press Complaints Commission  PCC  that had , by that time , been utterly discredited . One year on and the situation is a mess . First , the press barons , including News Corp 's Rupert Murdoch and the Daily Mail 's Paul Dacre , launched a vicious assault on Leveson 's proposals , arguing that any form of statutory regulation constituted the end of "  300 years of press freedom . " This is despite the fact that the press are already subject to multiple forms of statute  including libel and contempt of court  and in receipt of public money via their exemption from sales taxes . This is also despite the fact that Leveson himself wrote : " -LSB- N -RSB- ot a single witness has proposed that the Government or Parliament should themselves be involved in the regulation of the press . I have not contemplated and do not make any such proposal . " Under pressure from this sustained campaign of press self-interest , the government , supported by all the main parties , attempted a compromise by enshrining Leveson 's recommendations in what was supposed to be a less controversial instrument , a Royal Charter  the same body to which the BBC is accountable  , that was signed off late last month . The press responded with another hissy fit , announcing that they would ignore the Charter and instead proceeded to set up their own outfit , the Independent Press Standards Organisation  IPSO  , seen by some as a PCC Mark 2 . We should not have been surprised . Nick Davies , the Guardian journalist who did so much to expose the original phone hacking story , wrote immediately after the publication of Leveson 's report of the real danger that the debate will now "  be conducted under the same old rules -- of falsehood , distortion and bullying . " So while we read endless stories about how we now have a "  Ministry of Truth " and a "  Politicians ' Charter "  despite the fact that IPSO would have members of the Houses of Lords with close connections to the newspaper industry in powerful positions  , no one has yet been able to provide a single example of how an oversight body of a self-regulator with no remit whatsoever to impose restraints on journalists will be able , single-handedly , to undermine what is regularly described as our "  raucous " press . Meanwhile , in a press culture that has allegedly been "  chilled " in the post-Leveson era , the Daily Mail found the courage to attack the late Ralph Miliband , father of Labour leader Ed Miliband , as a man "  who hated Britain "  an attack that Miliband Jr. responded to robustly  while the Sun managed to find evidence of 600,000 "  benefit tourists " in the UK , a claim it quickly had to refute . Even more significantly , we have discovered that our "  raucous " tabloids love free speech so much that they have accused the Guardian of "  treason " in exposing the existence of state-sponsored surveillance systems run by the U.S. National Security Agency and GCHQ , its British equivalent . Press power , as Nick Davies predicted , has been effectively mobilized since Leveson released his report last year . This disguises the fact that his recommendations , together with those embedded in the Royal Charter , are rather modest and will not end press freedom or chill investigative journalism . Indeed , there are elements of the Charter that should help to iron out some of the worst examples of intrusion and inaccuracy while access for ordinary people to a low-cost arbitration system might help to prevent some of the most damaging excesses of sensationalist reporting . However , the proposals , as contained in both the Charter and the Leveson Report , fail to tackle the structural causes of the phone hacking crisis : the determination of a highly ideological and competitive press to increase circulation and secure exclusives and influence by any means necessary . Without challenging the underlying conditions that gave rise to the current crisis , the whole regulation debate has been subject to precisely the power relations it sought to investigate and hold to account . Press power has consistently attempted to challenge , undermine and distort proceedings in the hope that things will soon return to normal and that proprietors can once again invite politicians to their yachts and to ride horses with them without a word being said . This reflects some of the weaknesses of the Leveson Inquiry , which heard a vast amount of evidence about the extent of corporate lobbying and intimate relations between media executives and ministers but shied away from making any meaningful changes to media ownership rules that might make individual companies less powerful and therefore politicians less likely to kowtow towards them . The same goes for evidence about police corruption -- many examples were provided to the Inquiry about a "  network of corrupted officials " but the idea that there was an institutional problem was dismissed . Corrupt organizations , complicit relationships and corrosive systems were therefore simultaneously exposed but also stripped of their systemic character in order to pursue politically pragmatic resolutions . That pragmatism has now fallen foul of the continuing power of the press -- aided , not undermined , by its online presence -- and as we move towards a general election in 2015 , there is likely to be even less of an appetite among politicians of all parties to tackle the issue of concentrated media power . It would be a huge mistake to shrug our shoulders and to say that this is simply the result we were always going to get . Time after time , newspaper readers have shown in polls that they trust neither politicians nor proprietors to deliver an ethical and independent press while a substantial majority of the public wants to see action taken to limit the size and influence of the largest media outlets . However , it does seem that , for now , corporate media interests have outmaneuvered those fighting for meaningful change . Leveson confirmed what many people knew to be happening : that politicians , media executives and senior police chiefs were in each other 's pockets and that the press serves largely the corporate , rather than the public , interest . There is no reason to think that anything has changed since the report was published and it will require action far beyond that of a public inquiry to tackle the problems that Lord Justice Leveson raised a year ago and that still wait to be adequately addressed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Des Freedman .	One year ago , Lord Justice Leveson delivered his damning report on British press Leveson sought independent press self-regulation ; press has rubbished proposal Press power effectively mobilized since report publishes , Des Freedman says Freedman : Action needed far beyond that of public inquiry to tackle problems of UK press
CNN  -- From the workshops of Rome to the catwalks of Paris , this month icon delves into the world of fashion . From the capital of couture , Myleene Klass goes back stage at Paris Fashion Week to find out what it takes to turn a clothing item into an icon . Valentino For almost half a century at the head of his eponymous label , Valentino dressed the most glamorous women in the world , from Jackie Kennedy to Julia Roberts . His name has become synonymous with elegance and his fashion house remains just one of just fifteen that are officially allowed to call themselves "  haute couture . " Valentino invited icon to his home , a 17th century French chateau outside Paris , to take a look at some of his greatest designs . Anna Dello Russo Paris Fashion Week -- a mecca for style watchers , trend surfers and the high priests of design . Between fashion shows , Myleene Klass goes to meet the fashion director of Japanese Vogue , Anna Dello Russo -- a self-confessed fashion addict who has 4,000 pairs of shoes to prove it . Her blog is visited by 25,000 users daily , who log on to see the latest outfits she is wearing . Myleene gets an exclusive look inside the closet of this modern-day style icon at her room in the Ritz . Louboutin Fish scales , spider webs and the columns of buildings -- for Christian Louboutin , inspiration comes from the most unlikely of sources . The high priest of the high heel has transformed footwear into fantasy and the wearers into wonder women who walk tall . Louboutin prefers not to divulge his client list but his shoes are n't so discreet . They speak volumes as they flash their iconic red soles on the feet of pop stars and princesses -- from the First Lady of France , Carla Bruni , to Lady Gaga and Madonna . The styles of his shoes have changed over his 20-year career but one thing has remained the same -- the heels are always high . Icon went to the master cobbler 's atelier in Paris to discover the sources of his inspiration and to see how a pair of stilettos are made . Watch the show at the times below : Thursday 24 March : 1130 , 1730 Saturday 26 March : 0630 , 1500 , 2230 Sunday 27 March : 0330 , 0730 , 1830  All times GMT	Designer Valentino Garavani talks to icon about some of his most memorable creations Anna Dello Russo , editor-at-large of Vogue Japan , on her passion for fashion Plus , icon meets acclaimed shoe designer Christian Louboutin in his Paris atelier
CNN  -- In a potential landmark case , a Massachusetts teenager is on trial this week after prosecutors say his texting while driving caused a crash that led to the death of a 55-year-old man . Aaron Deveau 's trial got underway Tuesday in Haverhill , with opening statements and the prosecution beginning to present its case . The first few days of the trial included testimony by the victim 's family and a crash survivor , the replaying of Deveau 's original interview with police and a visit to the crash site , as the defendant looked on from afar . Almost exactly one year earlier , the then-17-year-old Deveau pleaded not guilty to a host of charges tied to the fatal February 20 , 2011 , crash , the Essex County District Attorney 's office said in a press release at the time . Those charges were motor vehicle homicide by negligent operation , negligent operation of a motor vehicle , being an operator under 18 using a mobile phone , being an operator reading or sending an electronic message , a marked lanes violation and two counts of negligent operation and injury from mobile phone use . Some 38 states ban text messaging for all drivers while 31 prohibit all cell phone use by "  novice drivers , " according to the Governors Highway Safety Association . Yet Deveau 's case is thought to be unique , in that his texting is being linked to another person 's death . Prosecutors allege that Deveau was texting when his car crossed the center line and hit a vehicle being driven by Donald Bowley , a resident of Danville , New Hampshire . Bowley 's girlfriend , Luz Roman , was in his car with him and suffered serious injuries . Haverhill Detective Thomas Howell testified this week that the two "  were almost folded into the floorboards , " the impact was so severe . Bowley died March 10 , after he was taken off life support . "  My brother received such head trauma that ... there was no hope for him , " Bowley 's sister , Donna Burleigh , said this week in court . According to reports from several CNN affiliates , prosecutors claim that Deveau received and sent a total of 193 text messages on the day of the crash , including several around the time the accident occurred . During her opening remarks , Assistant District Attorney Ashlee Logan suggested that Deveau may have erased some of his texts or fibbed to police after the accident . "  He states the last message that he received was at 2:33  p.m.  , and then shows the officer the next message is at 3:10 , " Logan said . "  When records were received , it 's learned : there are two  texts  missing . " Deveau said after the crash in a taped interview with police , which was played in court this week , "  I was tired . I was distracted . When I looked away for one quick second , I came too close to her and I was trying to hit my brakes . " His defense lawyer claimed authorities set out from the beginning to link texting to the crash , a cause-and-effect relationship that he contends is not valid . Joseph Lussier , the attorney , furthermore urged jurors not to let the sad , gruesome nature of the crash and its effect on its victims cloud their determination as to whether Deveau 's texting was to blame . "  Please do n't listen to the sympathies of the commonwealth when you 're making your decision , " Lussier said .	The trial of Aaron Deveau , now 18 , began this week in Haverhill , Massachusetts Authorities say he was texting before a fatal crash , then erased some of the texts The defense argues authorities had an agenda in trying to link texting with the crash The teen had told police after the incident , "  I was tired , I was distracted "
CNN  -- This past Friday , Iran held the third and last presidential debate before polling day on June 14 . Unlike the previous two debates , the question of Iranian foreign policy took center stage . This turned the debate into one of the most animated political clashes aired on Iranian state-run television in years . Exchanges were so heated that the candidates were later accused of having revealed national secrets during the debate . One candidate linked with the reformist movement , Hassan Rouhani , has since been warned that he may be barred from running in the elections because of confidential material he revealed about Iran 's nuclear program during the two hour-long debate . Read more : 2 candidates withdraw from Iran elections Critics will dismiss the presidential debates held in Tehran as mere theatrics . The eight candidates -LSB- now six after Gholam-Ali Haddad-Adel and Mohammad Reza Aref withdrew this week -RSB- have , after all , been carefully approved by the Guardian Council -- the regime 's top vetting agency -- and can not therefore be considered as individuals likely or able to greatly shift the trajectory of the foreign policy of the Islamic Republic . From the perspective of the critics , the elections on June 14 are just window dressing by Iran 's Supreme Leader , the unelected Ayatollah Ali Khamenei whose stringent Islamism and anti-Western worldview has characterized his tenure since he came to power in 1989 . The reservations held by the critics are perfectly justified . The June 14 elections are undeniably tightly orchestrated . Some 678 individual hopefuls were after all barred to even enter the race . Nevertheless , there is also no doubt that the eight men who were admitted to the race do not see eye-to-eye about the regime 's foreign policy record or the best path ahead for this large Middle Eastern country of 76 million people . Read more : Presidential elections without buzz In this third debate , the then-eight candidates threw some convincing punches , smearing the record and policy plans of each other in a spiteful battle to lead the pack . The conventional fault line separating reformists from hardline candidates was very hard to detect , with the most bitter exchanges taking place among hardliners . One of the most heated exchanges took place between Ali Akbar Velayati , foreign minister from 1981 to 1997 , and Saeed Jalili , who is judged by many to be favored by Ayatollah Khamenei . Jalili has been leading Iran 's nuclear negotiation team since 2007 . Velayati questioned Jalili 's diplomatic aptitude , accusing his team of pointless intransigence when negotiating with the world powers about Iran 's nuclear program . "  Negotiations are about give-and-take and not about reading out loud your own manifesto , " Velayati shouted at Jalili . Velayati 's charge was remarkable because the bland Jalili -- who has no political base of his own -- has over the years been regarded to simply represent the views of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei . Meanwhile , all the candidates agreed that Tehran has to adjust its nuclear posture during negotiations but no one raised the logic behind having the program in the first place . That would be breaking one taboo too many and Ayatollah Khamenei has made it clear he will not allow the regime to give up the program . Another taboo that was nearly broken came when Mohsen Rezaei , a long-time former commander of Iran 's feared Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps  IRGC  , accused Jalili of having wasted an opportunity to reach a compromise with the Americans when the two sides met in Baghdad in May 2012 . Here was Rezaei , who led the IRGC when Jalili was barely a teenager in the heyday of Iran 's anti-Americanism in the early 1980s , speaking of not meeting with the Americans but compromising with them as well . No one would have blamed Rezaei if he had argued for less interaction with the world . Rezaei is after all the only candidate for whom there is a valid "  Red Notice " -- issued by Interpol at the request of Argentina , for his alleged role in the 1994 terrorist attack against a Jewish cultural center in Buenos Aires . And yet even Rezaei argued against Iranian isolationism . Read more : Jerusalem Post article on Rezaei 's candidacy Among the candidates , points of agreement were few and far between but all eight men agreed on one point : that the 8-year record of sitting President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had been a disaster for Iran . Ahmadinejad was blamed for pursuing an unnecessarily adventurist , incompetent and costly foreign policy . Each candidate made the claim that Ahmadinejad 's bombastic sloganeering abroad could not hide the lack of substance behind his actions . Attacks on Ahmadinejad 's performance have become so prolific that the sitting president has asked for airtime on national television to defend his record . On Saturday , Ahmadinejad went further and said he "  had nothing to do with the nuclear program " and "  someone else is responsible for it . " Read more : Rouhani -- The man to revive Iran 's reformist movement ? This was an abdication of responsibility and the "  someone else " was an obvious reference to Ayatollah Khamenei . No Iranian politician can look the Iranian people in the eye and take credit for the painful economic sanctions , which have come about as a result of the nuclear standoff . And Ahmadinejad has a point . He ca n't blame all of his many shameful statements on Khamenei -- such as denouncing the Iranian Green opposition as "  dirt " or denying the Holocaust -- but the fact is he never single-handedly controlled Iran 's nuclear policy . The presidency in the Islamic Republic just does not have that kind of clout . The main message from the debate is that Iranian foreign policy is in shambles and a new page has to be turned . There were differences in nuance and each candidate claimed particular strengths but the consensus is that Iran can not become another North Korea . As Velayati put it "  it is good that we now have circles of friendly states in Africa and Latin America , but that is not enough . " Again and again , the need to overhaul ties with the United States and European countries was raised , leading at times to shouting matches about which candidate has the knack to defuse the crisis with the Western world . Nevertheless , while there was broad agreement that Iran has to do a far better job at paving the path for a compromise with the West , no one directly touched the elephant in the room : the role of the unelected Ayatollah Ali Khamenei in shaping Iran 's foreign policy . They did so only in a roundabout way . All admitted that Khamenei is a central voice in any strategic decision-making and yet no one dared to openly question the wisdom of the 73-year old Supreme Leader . But if Khamenei watched this third debate -- as he surely did -- then he could not have missed the writing on the wall . Even among these very carefully regime-approved candidates the cry for an overhaul of Iranian foreign policy could not have been any louder .	Iranians head to the polling booths on Friday June 14 The third and last presidential debate Friday focused on foreign policy The exchange was so heated that candidates were accused of revealing national secrets The key message from the debate was Iran 's foreign policy needs reforming
CNN  -- A Colorado woman was arrested at the Denver airport in April and charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists , according to court documents that were unsealed Wednesday . Shannon Maureen Conley , 19 , allegedly told FBI agents before her arrest that she was going to be with a member of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , that she had met through the Internet . "  It 's a difficult time for us , " her mother , Ana Conley , told CNN on Wednesday . Conley 's attorney , Robert William Pepin , said he had no comment . His client was arrested on a jetway while trying to board a flight to Germany on April 8 , according to a criminal complaint . She told investigators she was going to Turkey to await word from her suitor . Conley , a certified nurse aide , had told FBI agents she was going to be the man 's wife and a nurse in a ISIS camp near the Turkish border , documents showed . Conley first came to the attention of authorities after the pastor and the security director at a church in Arvada , Colorado , called police and said she was acting suspiciously . Authorities interviewed her seven times over the course of five months before arresting her at the airport . Jeff Dorschner , a Department of Justice spokesman , said there was a June 26 status hearing at which the judge ordered the documents in the case to be unsealed . Conley 's next court date has not been scheduled . She is in the custody of U.S. Marshals . Conley faces up to 15 years in prison if convicted . Texas man pleads guilty to attempting to join ISIS ' jihad in Syria Who is the ISIS ? CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this story .	NEW : Mother says family is having ` difficult time ' 19-year-old woman met a man online who said he was an ISIS fighter in Syria She was about to board an overseas flight when the FBI arrested her U.S. Marshals have her in custody , a DOJ spokesman says
CNN  -- A grand jury in Ohio has indicted suspected serial stabber Elias Abuelazam on charges of attempted murder and assault in an attack on a church janitor in Toledo . Abuelazam is suspected of stabbing 18 victims in Michigan , Virginia and Ohio . Five people were killed in the attacks , which took place from May through August . The indictment in Ohio on Friday relates to an August 7 attack in which a 59-year-old man who was taking a smoke break from his job as a church custodian was seriously wounded , police said . "  A suspect approached him asking for directions and started stabbing him for no apparent reason , " Toledo Police Sgt. Bill Wauford said after the attack . The man suffered a punctured lung and was hospitalized for four weeks , including 15 days in an induced coma , the Toledo Blade newspaper reported . Abuelazam was arrested August 11 at Atlanta , Georgia 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport while trying to board a flight to Israel , where his mother lives , police said . In addition to the Ohio stabbing , Abuelazam is believed responsible for three attacks in Leesburg , Virginia , and the stabbing deaths of five people and the wounding of nine others in Flint , Michigan , authorities have said . He is being held in Michigan on charges of murder and assault with intent to commit murder . In Session 's Chris Perry contributed to this report .	A grand jury indicted Elias Abuelazam on charges of attempted murder and assault He is suspected of stabbing 18 people , five fatally , in three states The Friday indictment pertains to an August 7 attack in Toledo
PARIS , France  CNN  -- The French Senate began debate Tuesday on a law that would mark a significant cultural shift -- allowing many more shops across the country to open on Sundays . The law would permit shops , department stores , and shopping malls to open on Sundays in 20 zones . The bill passed the lower house , the National Assembly , last Tuesday by a vote of 282 to 238 , a partial victory for President Nicolas Sarkozy , who backs it . What seems routine in much of the Western world has been fiercely resisted in France , where Sundays have officially been set aside as a day of rest for more than a century and where a 35-hour workweek remains the norm . The new legislation , if approved by the Senate , would overturn a 1906 law that forbids Sunday trading in all but the largest cities . It is part of a raft of reforms Sarkozy has pushed for since becoming president . While the change is significant , it is not as much as the government originally hoped because Sarkozy had to deal with opposition from both the left and the right . Socialists filed thousands of amendments to the president 's original version of the law . Leftists and unions said it would effectively introduce a seven-day working week and allow bosses to force employees to work Sundays . Members of the president 's own ruling conservative party opposed the law despite assurances it would boost economic activity , saying it would instead deprive families and church groups of their dedicated day . The law would permit shops , department stores and shopping malls to open on Sundays in 20 zones of what are called "  exceptional commercial " centers near three of the country 's largest cities : Paris , Marseilles , and Lille . Additionally , 29 areas involving about 500 cities and towns would be added to the list of tourist areas , which already allow some economic activity on Sundays . The new law will , among other things , straighten out a somewhat chaotic situation in which some stores managed to obtain exceptions from the old law and others did n't , and where some stores found it made more sense financially to accept fines for breaking the old law because the income from Sunday sales more than made up for the penalties . Opinion polls in France show that slightly more than half the population want shops to have the freedom to open on Sundays , according to Time magazine . The Senate debate is scheduled to last three days , with a vote expected late on Thursday . CNN 's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	French Senate debates new law allowing more shops to open on Sundays If approved new law would overturn 1906 law forbidding Sunday trading Sarkozy has had to deal with opposition from both left and right
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Homegrown movies dominated China 's box office in 2013 , as annual takings totaled $ 3.6 billion , up almost a third on 2012 , official figures released on Wednesday showed . Only three of the 10 highest-grossing movies were Hollywood productions and domestic films accounted for 71 % annual box office revenues , said Zhang Hongsen , head of the film bureau under the State General Administration of Press , Publication , Radio , Film and Television , to the state-run Xinhua news agency . This was a sharp reversal from last year when Hollywood movies captured more than half of all ticket sales and only three local movies made it into the top 10 . The top grossing movie was adventure-comedy "  Journey to the West : Conquering Demons " directed by Stephen Chow , grossing 1.25 billion yuan . "  Iron Man 3 " starring Robert Downey Jr. ranked second . Hollywood movies have been popular in China despite quotas on the number of foreign films that can be released in cinemas . However , China 's movie industry , which had struggled to compete against Hollywood 's big-budget , special-effect laden productions , has enjoyed something of a renaissance in the past couple of years . "  The growth of annual box office receipts is mainly driven by the continuously accelerated establishment of theaters across the country , as well as the improved quality of Chinese movies , " Yang Shuting , senior analyst with Beijing-based EntGroup Consulting told The China Daily . In 2012 , slapstick comedy "  Lost in Thailand " became China 's first homegrown movie to take more than 1 billion yuan at the box office . The upswing in the popularity of domestic fare at the Chinese box office comes as the Chinese market grows in importance for Hollywood studios . It became the world 's second largest in 2012 . According to the China Daily , almost 5,100 screens were added in across China last year , bringing the total to more than 18,000 To appeal to Chinese movie-goers , Hollywood is increasingly making use of Chinese backdrops , themes , plot devices and actors in what some commentators have described as "  kow towing . " For example , "  Gravity " which ranked 10th in box office takings , features China 's Tiangong space station and the lead character , played by Sandra Bullock , makes her journey back to earth in a Chinese space capsule .	China 's box office takings total $ 3.6 billion in 2013 , up a third on 2012 Unlike last year , homegrown movies were more popular than Hollywood fare Only three Hollywood movies ranked in top 10 , including "  Iron Man 3 " Hollywood is trying to woo Chinese movie audiences
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A New York appeals court Thursday overturned terrorism convictions for a Yemeni cleric and his personal assistant , saying they did not receive a fair trial . Sheik Mohammed Ali al-Moayad and Mohammed Mohsen Zayed , were sentenced in 2005 to 75 and 45 years in prison , respectively , after being convicted of conspiring to provide material support and resources to foreign terrorist organizations . They now can have new trials under a different judge . The lawyer for al-Moayad , Robert Boyle , said , "  I 'm extremely gratified at the court 's decision . I believe it is legally and factually correct . I hope my client , who is elderly and not in good health , will be given the opportunity to return to his family in Yemen . " The three-judge panel was unanimous in its decision , citing evidentiary errors that likely influenced the outcome of the trial . The judges found that certain pieces of evidence presented by prosecutors were prejudicial and had the effect of denying al-Moayad and Zayed a fair trial . Zayed and al-Moayad were arrested in 2003 in a sting operation that culminated in Germany . The government 's case relied largely on secretly videotaped conversations between the defendants and a pair of undercover FBI informants at a Frankfurt hotel in 2003 . One of the informants , Mohamed Alanssi , testified that al-Moayad boasted about giving money , weapons and recruits to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . The charges were brought in the Eastern District of New York because al-Moayad allegedly collected terrorist funds at the al-Farooq mosque in Brooklyn . Now that the appeals court has vacated the convictions , prosecutors have the option of appealing to the U.S. Supreme Court if they feel there is a constitutional issue . They can retry the case or move to dismiss . Al-Moayad , who is in his 60s , is incarcerated at the Supermax prison in Florence , Colorado , as is Zayed . Boyle said he had called the prison and as of 4 p.m. Thursday was still waiting to speak to his client . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	Mohammed Ali al-Moayad , aide were convicted of supporting terrorism Court says prejudicial evidence denied pair a fair trial Al-Moayad , Zayed may be retried or cases may be dismissed Witness said al-Moayad boasted about giving money to Osama bin Laden
CNN  -- Despite online security concerns , the number of Americans who use mobile devices to access financial services is growing fast , according to new data from comScore . In the fourth quarter of 2010 , almost 30 million Americans accessed their bank , credit card or brokerage accounts from a cell phone or tablet , up 54 % from the same quarter a year earlier . Here 's how that growth breaks down for the three primary mobile banking channels  note that some people use more than one  : Smartphone/tablet app : 10.8 million users , 120 % increase Mobile web browser : 18.6 million users , 58 % increase SMS text messaging : 8.1 million users , 35 % increase Nearly half of those surveyed say they primarily access financial services online via a desktop or laptop computer ; but 26 % said they primarily use mobile services for banking . Only 10 % of respondents primarily do their banking in person at a branch , and only 4 % primarily handle their banking via voice calls . New services that help people avoid trips to the bank or ATM may be helping boost the popularity of mobile financial apps . For instance , many major banks now offer smartphone apps that allow you to make a deposit by taking a picture of the front and back of the check . Why do n't more people access mobile financial services ? comScore found some interesting differences between smartphone users and the nearly three-fourths of U.S. mobile users who own feature phones  simpler phones that are the next step down from smartphones  . The biggest obstacle to using mobile financial services is simple habit or preference : 53 % of smartphone owners and 45 % of feature phone owners reported , "  I prefer to conduct my transactions online from a fixed device . " Intriguingly , a quarter of smartphone users reported , "  Accessing my account through my cell phone is too slow . " Yet only 9 % of feature phone users had the same complaint , even though feature phones typically rely on slower wireless data networks and have browsers that are more limited and harder to navigate . Roughly a third of both groups reported concerns about mobile security -- and there is reason for concern . In October , Banking Info Security reported that even though computer-based internet access to banking probably poses more security risks , most banks now have a decade or more of experience with managing those risks . In contrast , most banks have less experience with mobile services and their attendant risks , and so the risks are amplified by what the banks simply have n't learned yet . Last fall , the Wall Street Journal reported that several banks were rushing to fix security holes in their mobile apps , mostly regarding how the apps were storing data on cell phones . In general , if you are using a mobile financial services app , it 's a good idea not to save your password in the app . Also , it 's more secure to use the app over your wireless carrier 's network , rather than on an open Wi-Fi network . And , of course , remember to lock your phone with a security code or pattern . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	29.8 million Americans access their financial accounts from a cell phone or tablet , survey finds A quarter of smartphone users : "  Accessing my account through my cell phone is too slow " It 's a good idea not to save your password in the app
CNN  -- A coroner has adjourned the fourth inquest into the death of a baby believed to have been killed by a dingo in central Australia more than 30 years ago . Azaria Chamberlain was just two months old when she was snatched from a tent during a family holiday to Uluru , also known as Ayers Rock , sparking one of the country 's most sensational and enduring murder mysteries . Her mother , Lindy Chamberlain-Creighton , long maintained that a dingo , a wild dog native to Australia , took her baby , even as she was sentenced to life in jail for daughter 's murder , a conviction that was later quashed . Her cries of a "  dingo 's got my baby " were immortalized in the 1988 film "  A Cry in the Dark , " starring Meryl Streep who earned an Oscar nomination for the role . Outside Darwin Magistrates Court on Friday , Chamberlain-Creighton said she hoped the ruling would help educate the public about the dangers posed by dingoes . "  It gives me hope that Australia will finally realize dingoes are dangerous and hope that justice will finally be done for my daughter as well , " she said . A ruling is expected next week . Chamberlain-Creighton is seeking to change the open verdict on her daughter 's death certificate to indicate that she was taken by a dingo . "  There is a lot of new evidence . The last inquest was in 1995 and since then there have been a number of significant dingo attacks , " said Stuart Tipple , the lawyer representing Chamberlain-Creighton and her former husband Michael . It is the fourth inquest into Azaria 's death . The first inquest , in 1981 , found that the baby died as a result of being taken by a dingo , but a second the following year committed her mother to trial for murder . The 35-day hearing created a media frenzy in Australia as commentators picked apart the intricacies of the case , while a fascinated public speculated wildly as to why and how Azaria had died . "  A lot of people just never believed a dingo was capable of doing it , " Tipple said . The jury returned its verdict in 1982 : Chamberlain-Creighton was found guilty of slitting her daughter 's throat with a pair of scissors before hiding the body and concocting a story about a dingo to cover her crime . She was sentenced to life in jail . Her husband Michael was given a suspended sentence after being found guilty of being an accessory after the fact . The couple had two other children ; two boys aged six and four at the time of Azaria 's death . Chamberlain-Creighton served four years of her sentence before the Northern Territory government ordered her release in 1986 after the discovery of new evidence ; a baby 's jacket , believed to be Azaria 's , found half-buried near a dingo lair at Uluru . In 1988 , a Royal Commission set up to review the evidence formally quashed convictions for both husband and wife . Despite the finding that the couple was not to blame , a third inquest into their daughter 's death returned an open verdict in 1995 . It 's that ruling that the Chamberlains now want changed . "  Certainly , like any parent , they want closure and they 're not going to be able to get closure until the record 's correct , " Tipple said . "  At the moment an open finding is not a correct finding . " "  There 's certainly a personal part in the journey but they want to warn people and make sure the tragedy does n't occur again , " he said . On Friday , he presented the coroner with evidence of at least 12 "  very significant " dingo attacks in Australia since the last inquest in 1995 . In one of the worst cases , a nine-year-old boy was killed , and his friend mauled , by two dingoes on Fraser Island , off the coast of Queensland , in 2001 . Twenty-eight dingoes were culled in the public outcry that followed . The world 's largest sand island , Fraser Island earned UNESCO World Heritage status for its "  exceptional beauty " and its rare combination of tall rainforests and towering sand dunes . It 's also home to the largest population of native Australian dingoes -- around 200 animals living in up to 30 packs -- and the site of most , if not all , dingo attacks . "  On Fraser Island the dingo has a particularly difficult role because tourists are as interested in the dingo as the dingo is interested in food , " said Professor Gisela Kaplan , a dingo expert from the University of New England in New South Wales . "  Fear , very often , is the only thing that stands between a dangerous animal and a human . Once that fear is lost any predatory animal can become dangerous , " she said . Dingo management strategies have been introduced in areas of the country where the mammals are prevalent . Fraser Island 's includes approval to cull specific animals considered to pose a threat to humans . "  Once a dingo has lost its fear of people and starts to use aggressive tactics to gain dominance over , or food from , people the habit can not be changed , " according to the Queensland government 's campaign "  Be dingo-safe ! " It adds : "  These dingoes display aggressive or dangerous behavior such as nipping and biting , and in some cases this escalates very quickly to attacks and serious mauling . " The Chamberlain 's lawyer Stuart Tipple says that , if nothing else , the couple hopes a change in the official cause of Azaria 's death makes "  public authorities more aware of their responsibilties . "  This will make them fine tune , hopefully , those plans and make them current and keep updating them , " he said . Where once many people -- including the jury that convicted Lindy and Michael Chamberlain -- believed that it was unlikely that a dingo would kill a baby , evidence in recent years shows that is indeed possible . However , Kaplan said public opinion had swung too far the other way , and Australia 's largest native predator had been unfairly "  demonized . " "  A dingo is a suitable animal to be demonized , is n't it ? In one way you can know it , and in the other way it 's mysterious , " she said . Kaplan warned that if more was n't done to protect the animals in their natural habitat , they would eventually die out . "  This is a very rare and endangered Australian native animal , " she said . "  If that goes extinct , there will be outcry in future that we 've allowed that to happen , because there are so many misconceptions about the animal . "	Inquest adjourned into death of baby believed to have been killed by dingo Azaria Chamberlain disappeared from a tent 31 years ago Her mother , Lindy , claimed her baby had been taken by a dingo Crown prosecution convinced a jury she was guilty of murder
CNN  -- Real Madrid sealed a record-extending 32nd La Liga title after Wednesday 's 3-0 win at Athletic Bilbao maintained an unassailable seven-point lead over arch rivals and defending Spanish champions Barcelona with two matches to play . Goals from Gonzalo Higuain , Mesut Ozil and Cristiano Ronaldo wrapped up the clinching victory for Jose Mourinho 's men at San Mames . Mourinho has now won league titles in Portugal with Porto , England with Chelsea , Italy with Inter and Spain with Real , who broke Barcelona 's three-year La Liga reign . "  This one has been the toughest . I 've won seven league titles overall and I know what it feels like , " Mourinho told the club 's website . "  Barcelona won all their games , as befits the great team that they are . They 've been winning to the very last day . They are a club with great tradition that knows we deserved to win this title . " Earlier on Wednesday , Barca thrashed fourth-placed Malaga 4-1 to keep up the pressure on Real as Lionel Messi scored his eighth hat-trick this season and broke Gerd Muller 's record for a European season . Argentina 's three-time world player of the year now has 68 goals in 2011-12 , going past the mark Germany legend Muller set in 1972-73 for Bayern Munich . It took Messi 's tally in La Liga to 46 , two more than Ronaldo , but his efforts have proved in vain . Real 's trip to the Europa League finalists looked a tough one , and when Ronaldo saw an early penalty saved by Gorka Iraizoz , their small band of supporters might have been worried . But Argentina striker Higuain settled nerves with a fine strike before Ronaldo played in Ozil for a second to make it 2-0 at halftime . Early in the second half the Portugal star netted his 44th in the league this season with a close-range header , and Bilbao 's last hopes of salvaging something from the game ended when Javi Martinez was sent off for a second yellow card . At the finish Mourinho was hoisted high by his players as they celebrated the club 's first championship since 2008 . "  We have to celebrate this championship . We have to continue working after tomorrow because next season will also be tough and we have games to play still in this campaign , " the 49-year-old said . "  This team deserves even more emotion and affection , and I expect the Bernabeu to give it to them in our match against Mallorca . " The Dutch title was also decided on Wednesday as Ajax Amsterdam beat VVV Venlo 2-0 with goals in each half from Siem De Jong . It is Ajax 's second straight title under Frank de Boer and came after a late-season charge with 13 straight wins . Ajax were eight points behind joint leaders PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar in mid-February before their unstoppable run . In Serie A , Juventus ' lead was cut to a single point after being held to a 1-1 draw by 10-man Lecce . Second-placed AC Milan beat Atalanta 2-0 to revive their hopes on a night Juve could have clinched the title if results had gone in their favor . Sulley Muntari put Milan ahead in the San Siro and Robinho sealed a vital victory in injury time . In Turin , Juventus appeared to be cruising to a routine home win when Claudio Marchisio scored in the first half . Lecce 's hopes appeared over when Juan Cuadrado was sent off for a second booking early in the second half , but the leaders wasted a string of chances before Andrea Bertolacci took advantage of a horrible error by home keeper Gianluigi Buffon to level . In other action , Inter Milan 's Champions League chances receded with a 3-1 loss at Parma which left the 2010 European titleholders three points behind Napoli and Udinese in the race for third place .	Real Madrid beat Athletic Bilbao 3-0 to clinch La Liga title Lionel Messi sets scoring record in earlier Barcelona win over Malaga Ajax clinch Dutch title with 2-0 win over VVV Venlo Juventus lead cut to one point in Serie A with 1-1 draw against Lecce
CNN  -- A man from Uzbekistan living in Alabama has pleaded guilty to charges related to a plot to assassinate President Barack Obama , prosecutors said Friday . Ulugbek Kodirov , 21 , faces up to 15 years behind bars after he sought help to either shoot the president or kill him with explosives in a suicide attack , according to a government affidavit . Kodirov pleaded guilty to supporting terrorist activity , threatening to kill the president and illegal possession of an automatic weapon . Lance Bell , his court-appointed attorney , said Kodirov had initially intended to enter a not guilty plea at his arraignment . A source whom Kodirov contacted for help with his plot told authorities that Kodirov supports Islamic extremists , the affidavit says . Authorities say Kodirov stayed in the United States illegally after his student visa was revoked . He was arrested on July 13 at a motel in Leeds , Alabama , after he obtained a machine gun and four disassembled hand grenades from an undercover agent , the Justice Department said . In an affidavit filed that day with a search warrant request for a room at the extended-stay motel -- Kodirov 's apparent home -- U.S. Secret Service Special Agent Todd Matney said Kodirov contacted "  an FBI confidential reliable source " on July 9 and 10 and "  made inquiry regarding possible ways to kill President Obama , including shooting the president from a long distance , " and asked for help . Not knowing the person he was speaking to was a confidential source for the authorities , "  Kodirov specifically provided information ... pertaining to long-range sniper rifles " and also asked about using explosives , saying "  that he did not care if he lost his own life killing President Obama , " Matney said in the affidavit . "  On or about July 11 , Kodirov " told a second confidential source that he wished to kill Obama and asked for help . The second source "  knows Kodirov to be a very strict Muslim , who has previously expressed support for Islamic extremists , " the affidavit says . The source knows that "  Kodirov views jihadist websites and Internet content " on a laptop in his residence , the affidavit said . Items to be seized at the residence included computers , mobile phones and documents , the affidavit said . "  There is probable cause to believe " that documents -- including information about "  possible co-conspirators , " as well as "  sniper rifles and other long range weaponry , assault rifles , hand guns , explosives , weapons training and tactic manuals , documentation related to assassinations , Jihadist manuals and training manuals " -- were at the premises , the affidavit said .	Ulugbek Kodirov faces up to 15 years behind bars He sought help to either shoot the president or kill him with explosives , an affidavit says Kodirov pleaded guilty to supporting terrorist activity and threatening to kill the president He also pleaded guilty to illegal possession of an automatic weapon
CNN  -- A Michigan attorney on Tuesday refuted a medical examiner 's findings about a 7-year-old girl 's shooting death , charging a police cover-up in the incident . Attorney Geoffrey Fieger told reporters that he retained Macomb County Medical Examiner Daniel Spitz to conduct his own investigation . Fieger said Spitz 's findings were contradictory to the official Wayne County medical examiner 's report that the bullet struck the child in the neck . Spitz 's report showed that the bullet hit the top of Aiyana Jones ' head . It exited through her neck and grazed her chest , Fieger said . He said the report disproves a claim by police that there had been a tussle between officers and the girl 's grandmother , Mertilla Jones , inside their house . The grandmother and granddaughter were sleeping on a couch in the front room when the raid occurred . "  Certainly there was no time for a struggle , " Fieger said . Jones died in the May 16 police raid . Detroit Assistant Police Chief Ralph Godbee has said that preliminary information indicated that officers approached the house with a search warrant for the girl 's uncle in connection with the shooting of a high school student last month . Godbee said the officer 's gun discharged accidentally inside the home after physical contact with Mertilla Jones . Fieger showed reporters a computer-generated diagram of the shooting , based on Spitz 's medical report and a video that Fieger said he has seen . Fieger said it was clear that the gunshot came from outside the home , from the front porch , after police tossed in what 's known as a "  flash-bang " grenade to startle the residents . "  He shot purposely , " Fieger said of the officer . "  What he was aiming at , I ca n't tell you . But I can tell you it was not an accident . " Fieger has sued the city on behalf of Jones ' family , saying that police need to be held accountable . He held up a pair of child 's hightops Tuesday -- black with pink shoelaces . They were Aiyana Jones ' "  princess gym shoes . " "  My belief is that this is part of a significant cover-up , " Fieger said . "  Come forward and tell the truth . " A state police investigation is ongoing .	Attorney Geoffrey Fieger refutes medical examiner 's findings in girl 's death Fieger charges a police cover-up in the incident Aiyana Jones , 7 , died in May 16 police raid State police investigation is ongoing
CNN  -- No one expected them to live long . A glass tree at the University of Miami commemorates those who died from complications of HIV/AIDS . Many of their peers succumbed to unusual infections by their first or second birthdays . They were living on borrowed time , it seemed . While their friends ' parents visited schools , these kids visited their parents ' graves . When their classmates planned for the future , they often thought about death . But those babies who were born with HIV/AIDS in the 1980s have defied initial expectations . With advances in medicine , the babies born with what was once thought of as a sure-fatal virus have danced at their high school proms , walked on stage to receive their diplomas and even experienced the birth of their children . "  It 's a battle -- not because the HIV is going to defeat us , " said Quintara Lane , a 22-year-old student with long braids . "  It 's more of what we have to go through to take care of ourselves . " Lane is part of a generation that was born with the virus . Since the mid-1990s in developed countries , antiretroviral drugs have largely prevented mothers from transmitting HIV/AIDS to their babies . A new kind of family On a warm Florida Friday , boys in high-tops and loose jeans hanging from their thighs greet one another with a nod and then a slap on the hand . They tease relentlessly . Others pay little attention , listening to music blasting through their earbuds or texting so quickly that their thumbs appear a blur on pink , sparkly phones . See more photos . " Nearly 30 young adults and teenagers who were born with HIV/AIDS meet every week at the Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami , Florida . "  The teens are teenagers , " said Ana Garcia , an adjunct assistant professor in pediatric infectious disease and immunology at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine who helped form the group . "  They just happen to have HIV . It 's about fitting in , being normal , and having goals and living long enough to meet them . " The group of HIV-positive teens , which calls itself the Kool Kids , formed in 1995 . The youth who grew up with HIV/AIDS describe the usual complications of adolescence -- dating , high school drama and rumors . But they also experienced broken families , medical complications and fights for acceptance . As their parents and family members died , the peer group here became a new family , Garcia said . Over an hour of joking , merciless teasing and eating Chinese food , the teens scarcely mention HIV/AIDS . It 's a fellowship that silently understands one another 's struggles . "  We do n't want to talk about HIV every day , " said Eric Koumbou , 19 . "  If you talk about HIV and you do n't have it and I do , sometimes it makes me angry or makes me sad . " Even if they do n't talk about it , it helps a young person with HIV who may think , "  This is the end of my life . I do n't know what to do , " said Lane , who joined when she was 11 . The older teens support the younger ones and show that HIV/AIDS does n't consume one 's life . Quintara Lane Lane was raised by her grandmother after her mother left her at the hospital . More than two decades ago , "  The families frequently lacked hope , " said Dr. Gwendolyn Scott , director of Pediatric Infectious Disease and Immunology at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine , who treated the newborns . "  Many times , the parents died when children were at a young age . " As a child , Lane understood she had to take "  vitamins " -- two dozen antiretroviral pills chopped into pieces and taken with orange juice every day . The pills made her nauseated and gave her headaches and skin rashes . Side effects of taking the medications can include gastrointestinal problems , weight gain , neuropathy and other symptoms . "  I did n't want to take the medicine , " Lane recalled . She lied to her grandmother about taking them for nearly two years . "  I could say I took 'em when I did n't . Being around friends , I did n't want to take them and I did n't want them to ask questions . " After fainting from a decimated immune system at the age of 12 , Lane started to understand the gravity of her situation . But questions and the anger occasionally surfaced . "  Why did I get it ? " Lane would ask . "  All these questions of why , why , why -- all that anger makes this worse . Dealing with school , relationships , dealing with life -- it could be overwhelming . But I try to look at the best of everything and not dwell so much on myself . " Lane counsels other young adults who have new HIV diagnoses , answering questions about how HIV/AIDS affects dating and how to handle the medications . Young patients with HIV/AIDS often get pill fatigue , Garcia said . "  It makes me different . I feel sick . I 'm allergic to them , " they tell her . Some of her young patients died because they stopped taking the pills . "  There are kids who are set with , ' I do n't want to be in this world . I want to be with my mother or I want to be with my father , ' or they do n't care , " she said . "  It does n't matter what you offer them . So it 's very complicated to move through that -- sometimes you run out of time . " The next generation Over the years , the number of pills required to treat HIV/AIDS has dwindled significantly . But , it 's not the physical side effects that bother patients . "  I 'm only reminded of it when I have to take medication , " said a 28-year-old with HIV who asked to be identified only as "  Mike . " "  That 's what we do . That 's our lives . " Mike contracted HIV after receiving a contaminated blood transfusion as a newborn . "  I was n't promised to live on Earth long enough , " he said . "  At times , I 'd think about suicide and think ` Why me ? Why would the doctor give me dirty blood ? ' I come to realize that it 's no one 's fault . " He joined the HIV support group as a teenager . There , he met his wife , who had contracted the virus from her mother . Their primary focus now is raising their 5-year-old daughter , a petite , shy girl with wavy brown curls . This newest generation of children born to HIV-positive parents has a different fate . "  My wife took her medicine to reduce chances of our daughter being infected with the virus , " Mike said . "  By the grace of God and praying , my daughter is HIV-negative . "	Babies born with HIV/AIDs in the 1980s defy expectations HIV/AIDs transmission through pregnancy has been curbed through medicine Teens living with virus have unique camaraderie
CNN  -- He 's a Bollywood A-lister , director and Oscar-nominated producer , but Aamir Khan 's latest adventure in film sees him join up with CNN for a special Talk Asia Live event . In the hot seat : Aamir Khan answers all in Talk Asia Live . Khan has become one of he most sought-after actors in Bollywood , taking his own path in a career that began when he was a child actor . He rose to international prominence in 2001 with "  Lagaan " , which was also his first foray into producing . The film caught the attention of a global audience with its mix of Bollywood melodies and a strong emotional and dramatic narrative . It also caught the eye of the Academy Awards and was nominated for the best foreign language film prize . He told TIME Magazine : "  I think in many ways that the Western audience , especially the American audience , is very similar to the Indian audience . Indians like films to sweep us off our feet . We do n't necessarily need things to be realistic or subtle . " But Khan has mixed up his roles and projects , from 2005 's "  The Rising " where he played Mangal Pandey the near-mythical hero of an early Indian uprising against the British , to "  Taare Zameen Par " that deals with childhood aspirations and social conventions . He 's taken a brief break from social issues for his latest venture , "  Ghajini , " an out-and-out action flick for which he bulked up , much to the delight of the Bollywood paparazzi and gossip machine . After that , a comedy is in store . Despite increasing international attention , it does n't seem that India will be losing one of its favorite sons of the silver screen to Hollywood or Europe any time soon . "  I do strongly feel that we have a lot of talent here , and a huge potential to entertain the world , and I feel we should do it in our own way . I do n't think we should tailor ourselves . We should retain our own style of story-telling , " Khan says on his blog .	Aamir Khan is the guest for a special live edition of Talk Asia Live event was filmed infront of an audience in Mumbai earlier this month Oscar-nominated Khan is one of Bollywood 's most inventive talents
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A blast targeting a bus filled with Shiite religious observers in Karachi killed at least 12 people and another explosion in front of a hospital where attack victims were being treated killed six more Friday , a government official said . Motorcycles were used in both assaults , police said , and they came during the Shiite observance of Arbaeen , a commemoration that takes place 40 days after the anniversary of Iman Hussein 's death , which is also known as Ashura . Sindh provincial health minister , Dr. Saghir Ahmed said that along with the 12 dead , 30 people were injured in the first blast . The second blast happened in front of the emergency room at Jinnah Hospital , where doctors treated people from the first attack and people on stretchers were waiting to be taken in to the crowded facility . Along with the six slain , five people were wounded . The last deadly blast in Karachi took place late December during Ashura , when more than 40 people were killed .	Two bomb blasts kill at least 18 in Karachi ; motorcycles used in both attacks 12 killed in the first explosion which targeted Shiite religious observers on a bus 6 killed in second attack which occurred outside a hospital treating victims of first blast Attacks came during the Shiite observance of Arbaeen
