CNN  -- The American Psychological Association concluded Wednesday that there is little evidence that efforts to change a person 's sexual orientation from gay or lesbian to heterosexual are effective . The report looks at 87 studies conducted between 1960 and 2007 . In addition , the 138-page report -- covering 87 peer-reviewed studies -- said that such efforts may cause harm . "  Contrary to claims of sexual orientation change advocates and practitioners , there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological interventions to change sexual orientation , " said Judith M. Glassgold , chairwoman of the task force that presented the report at the group 's annual meeting in Toronto , Canada . The Washington-based association represents more than 150,000 members . "  At most , certain studies suggested that some individuals learned how to ignore or not act on their homosexual attractions . Yet , these studies did not indicate for whom this was possible , how long it lasted or its long-term mental health effects . Also , this result was much less likely to be true for people who started out only attracted to people of the same sex . " In response , the group 's governing Council of Representatives passed a resolution Wednesday urging mental health professionals not to recommend to their clients that they can change their sexual orientation through therapy or any other methods . The group 's Task Force on Appropriate Therapeutic Responses to Sexual Orientation reached its conclusion after its review of 87 studies conducted between 1960 and 2007 and finding "  serious methodological problems " in the vast majority of them . Those few studies that did have "  high-quality " evidence "  show that enduring change to an individual 's sexual orientation is uncommon , " it said . In addition , the report cited evidence that efforts to switch a person 's sexual orientation through aversive treatments might cause harm , including loss of sexual feeling , suicidality , depression and anxiety . Many who tried to change and failed "  described their experiences as a significant cause of emotional and spiritual distress and negative self-image , " it said . The six-member task force was appointed two years ago to address concerns about "  efforts to promote the notion that sexual orientation can be changed through psychotherapy or approaches that mischaracterize homosexuality as a mental disorder . " The American Psychiatric Association removed homosexuality from its Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders in 1975 . The task force noted that some people attempt to change their sexual orientation because it conflicts with their religious beliefs , and recommended that their mental health care providers help them "  explore possible life paths that address the reality of their sexual orientation , reduce the stigma associated with homosexuality , respect the client 's religious beliefs , and consider possibilities for a religiously and spiritually meaningful and rewarding life . " "  In other words , " said Glassgold , "  we recommend that psychologists be completely honest about the likelihood of sexual orientation change , and that they help clients explore their assumptions and goals with respect to both religion and sexuality . " Alan Chambers , president of Exodus International , a network of more than 250 ministries that he said "  reach out to men and women and families that are affected by what we call ` unwanted same-sex attraction ' " disagrees . He offered himself as proof that such efforts can work . "  The fact is that there are tens of thousands of men and women just like me who once identified as gay , " Chambers said in a telephone interview . "  For me and for these people , the truth is change is possible . " Chambers said his transformation from gay man began more than 18 years ago , when he attended a support group at the organization he now leads . Chambers , who said he married a woman nearly 12 years ago , has written a book , "  Leaving Homosexuality , " which was published last month . "  You ca n't refute a personal story , " he said , adding that about a third of those who try to switch their sexual orientation through the group 's ministries wind up doing so . "  We 're not talking a light switch that you turn on and off , we 're talking about very deep and complex issues that , I think , take years to resolve . " Though all mainstream health and mental health organizations concluded years ago that homosexuality is not a mental disorder , the American Psychological Association formed the task force to work on the report two years ago after noting a resurgence of groups that identified homosexuality as a defect or spiritual or moral failing .	American Psychological Association : Trying to change orientation can be harmful Group urges mental health professionals not to advocate changing orientation Homosexuality de-listed as mental disorder in ' 75 , but some programs still treat it Official with one such program says , "  Change is possible "
CNN  -- An internationally renowned paleontologist will plead guilty to stealing dinosaur bones from federal land , his attorneys said in a court filing . Paleontologist Nate Murphy is expected to plead guilty to stealing fossils from federal land . Nate Murphy , whose famous finds include Leonardo , one of the best-preserved dinosaurs in the world , will make that plea in federal court in Billings , Montana . Earlier this month , Murphy pleaded guilty to state charges of stealing a fossil from private land in order to sell it . An expert cited in that case said Murphy 's find was worth between $ 150,000 and $ 400,000 . The self-taught dinosaur expert , who is director of vertebrate paleontology at the Judith River Dinosaur Institute , could face jail time . Murphy and his attorney did not immediately respond to phone messages Friday from CNN . Jessica Fehr , lead prosecutor in the case , said the U.S. Attorney 's Office would not comment until after the plea is entered . In court papers , federal prosecutors say Murphy knowingly took fossils from federal property between about August 2006 and August 2007 . The "  paleontological resources " were said to be worth at least $ 1,000 . In the state case , Murphy pleaded guilty to a felony charge of theft . As part of the plea , the state recommended Murphy 's sentence be deferred for five years . Douglas Erwin , president of The Paleontological Society and curator of the Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History , said "  theft of fossils from pubic lands has long been a problem . " In a written statement sent to CNN on Friday , he said such thefts "  can often result in the loss of important scientific information and the disappearance of specimens that belong to the public . "  At the same time , however , fossil collecting , particularly of common invertebrate fossils , has been a pastime enjoyed by many for decades , and is an important way of connecting people with their natural heritage . " An omnibus public lands bill , which the U.S. Senate passed Thursday , includes penalties for fossil theft from public land .	Attorney says well-known paleontologist will plead guilty to stealing dinosaur bones Nate Murphy , of the Judith River Dinosaur Institute , has made major fossil finds Murphy is accused of taking fossils from federal lands in Montana Smithsonian : "  Theft of fossils from pubic lands has long been a problem "
CNN  -- Two years later , the story of Osama bin Laden 's death remains a high-interest topic . Here are some of the key stories we 've published since the world 's most-wanted terrorist was killed , from the first breaking news story to the latest disputes over what happened that day . News breaks President Obama announced bin Laden 's death shortly before midnight ET on May 1 , 2011 , more than an hour after the Internet and social media began exploding with reports of his demise . You can see here how the news unfolded on our live blog , including video of Obama 's historic announcement and jubilant celebrations across the United States . The main story that followed , which announced the end of the decade-long manhunt , had more than 21,000 comments and nearly 130,000 Facebook recommendations . The news also set what was then a Twitter record as people posted an average of 3,400 messages per second . The aftermath In the days and weeks following the raid , more details would be released about how it all went down . How did the U.S. know bin Laden was there ? Who took part in the mission , and who knew about it ? Why was bin Laden killed instead of taken prisoner ? Over time , some of the details initially put out by the White House were clarified or changed . Some are still disputed today . There were several other headaches for U.S. officials to deal with . There was a full-throated debate about whether to release grisly photos of bin Laden 's body to the public . But in the end , Obama , not wanting to incite further violence , chose to keep the photos classified . "  We do n't need to spike the football , " he told CBS News . The killing also created tension that needed to be smoothed over with Pakistan , which was outraged that the United States chose to carry out the bin Laden mission there without first informing its leaders . And then there was the downed helicopter U.S. officials hoped to retrieve from bin Laden 's compound because of security concerns over the stealth technology of its unusual tail assembly . A few days after the raid , U.S. officials unveiled videos of bin Laden that were recovered in the raid . You can watch all of them here . Perhaps the most well-known video of this stash shows a hunched-over bin Laden , draped in a blanket , using a remote control to watch television . Also taken in the raid were documents , disks , thumb drives , computers and other intelligence that would be pored over for evidence of further terrorist plots . Years later After bin Laden 's death , much praise was heaped on the elite Navy SEALs who carried out the raid : the anonymous "  quiet professionals " who live by a code to keep their sensitive missions secret . But one former member of the team , Matt Bissonnette , detailed the mission in his 2012 best-seller "  No Easy Day . " The book started a debate about honor , ethics and cultural values in the military ; the Pentagon said Bissonnette included classified material in the book and did n't follow protocol for pre-publication review . The raid was also portrayed in the film "  Zero Dark Thirty , " which focuses on the bin Laden manhunt and was nominated for five Academy Awards . Three U.S. senators -- Dianne Feinstein , Carl Levin and John McCain -- called the film "  grossly inaccurate and misleading , " especially the movie 's suggestion that harsh interrogations helped find bin Laden . The filmmakers responded by saying the film condensed 10 years of intelligence work into a 2Â 1/2 hour film . This year , Esquire magazine published a profile on a Navy SEAL who said he was the one who shot bin Laden . His account contradicted some of the details in Bissonnette 's book . Another SEAL , however , told Peter Bergen , CNN 's national security analyst , that the Esquire story is "  complete BS . " Reflecting on the two-year anniversary of bin Laden 's death , Bergen said the U.S. forces may have killed the man , but they did not kill his ideology . Al Qaeda has now morphed into a "  loose jihadist ideological movement " that spawned the Boston marathon bombing , Bergen said , and it is this "  Binladenism " that is still very much a threat to Americans .	It has been two years since Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces But the story , and the details surrounding it , continues to garner interest Relive the night the news broke and get caught up on the most recent developments
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Michael Gates Gill was a high-flying , six-figure-earning advertising executive years ago before he was abruptly fired . He had created huge campaigns for companies like Christian Dior and Ford and lived an even bigger life , with luxury automobiles , lavish vacations and fabulous clothes . Michael Gates Gill 's book about how working at Starbucks changed his life became a bestseller . These days , however , he 's traded his $ 3,000 Brooks Brothers suits for khakis and a green apron ; the big bucks for a $ 10 an hour job as a barista at Starbucks . But Gill says he could n't be happier . "  Losing my job turned out to be a gift in disguise . " After 26 years at J. Walter Thompson , a leading advertising agency , the then 63-year-old Gill was invited to an early breakfast and was told that he was getting the boot . He made too much money . Someone younger would work for less , he was told . "  Never go out to breakfast , " he warns before bursting into laughter . "  It 's like the Mafia . You will never return . " Watch the happy barista " He can joke about it now , but Gill says he was devastated by his firing . "  I remember walking outside and bursting into tears , " he says over a steaming cup of coffee at his current place of employment , a Starbucks in Bronxville , New York . "  I was stunned . I knew that that part of my life was over . " That was just the start of a terrible reversal of fortune . In a few short years , Gill , the Yale-educated son of the famed New Yorker writer Brendan Gill , closed the consulting business he started after he was laid off , got divorced and was diagnosed with a brain tumor . He had hit both the rock and the bottom and was continuing to fall . A trip to Starbucks would irrevocably change his life , he says . Unbeknownst to him , the coffee shop was holding a hiring fair the morning he walked in for his daily dose of caffeine . A manager approached him and asked if he would like to apply for a job . Without thinking , he said yes . That was five years ago . These days , when the divorced father of five is not whipping up a caramel macchiato or perfecting his latte foam , he 's sweeping floors and scrubbing toilets . "  I still have trouble with some of the drinks , " he admits , "  but I 'm a good cleaner ... . I can make a toilet shine like a Ferrari . " If life continues on an upswing for Gill , he may one day be able to purchase a Ferrari . His memoir , "  How Starbucks Saved My Life , " became a New York Times bestseller . The actor Tom Hanks has plans to produce and star in the film version . Gus Van Sant has agreed to direct . "  When I lost my job I thought my life was over , " he says . "  I did n't realize it was just the beginning . " He smiles contentedly and declares , "  I may have a part-time job , but I have a full-time life . " He is also sharing everything he has learned , hitting the lecture tour with his "  uplifting tale of personal transformation . " Home for Gill is now a modest apartment in the attic of an old house about five minutes away from the 25-room mansion where he was raised .	Fired ad exec credits Starbucks with saving his life by giving him a job Michael Gates Gill enjoys making lattes and cleaning toilets His book , "  How Starbucks Saved My Life , " to become Tom Hanks movie
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- If the first episode of "  Currency Wars " focused on pressure the U.S. , Europe and emerging economies heaped on China for artificially keeping the value of its yuan low , the sequel could be called : "  Currency Wars : The Fed Strikes Back . " At least that is how it 's playing abroad . At the G-20 summit in Seoul , Korea , and Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meet in Yokohama , Japan , U.S. President Barack Obama finds himself on the defensive after the U.S. Federal Reserve 's decision last week to pump $ 600 billion into the economy . That was brought into sharp focus Thursday when South Korean President Lee Myung-bak , host of the G-20 summit , was asked at a press conference about the impact of the Fed 's decision . "  I think that kind of question should be asked to me when President Obama is not standing right next to me , " he joked . The Fed move was the latest volley in the topsy-turvy trade among global currencies . The euro started the year at $ 1.44 , did a mid-year swan dive to $ 1.19 , and is now back to $ 1.38 . The Australian dollar hit parity with the U.S. dollar last week for the first time since Sydney floated the currency in 1983 . Japan 's economy was among those hardest hit by the financial crisis , yet the yen is trading at 15-year record highs . World Bank President Robert Zoellick jumped into the fray on Monday , suggesting in a Financial Times commentary a limited return to the gold standard to provide stability to the markets . By Wednesday , he had backpedaled on that statement . So what 's going on ? Analysts say there is a sea change happening in the balance of world wealth in the wake of the financial crisis , churning large waves that are being felt in the currency markets . Interactive : The new global economy "  To me the big subject that is just starting to be talked about now  is  ... how does the whole global currency system work ? " said Garry Evans , global head of equity strategy for HSBC . "  The idea of floating currencies and free capital flows and no gold standard , that 's a fairly recent development that only came in 1971 with  the  Richard Nixon doctrine , " Evans said . "  That 's not how the world was run in most of the last 200 years , and that whole area is going to get re-thought . " Here are the key factors at play this week in the current currency conflict . QE2 = Printing greenbacks They do n't call it ` quantitative ' easing for nothing . The Fed announcement last week to increase the quantity of dollars sloshing through the global economy by $ 600 billion was the second round of quantitative easing since the financial crisis ,  nicknamed ` QE2 '  . The policy aims to lower interest rates and encourage consumer spending , by pumping more cash into the economy , which the Fed hopes will boost American consumption and generate more jobs . The by-product of that move : As more dollars hit the market , the value of the dollar decreases . Hence the outcry from countries that side with the U.S. against Chinese monetary policy , because the Fed 's move can be seen as a way to artificially lower the value of the dollar . "  Whether that was the intent , the Fed certainly knew that would be the outcome , " said Avinash Persaud , chairman of Intelligence Capital and an advisor to several G-20 government boards . More dollars + emerging economies = bad ? QE2 also means emerging economies are bracing for an influx of dollars , and taking measures to guard against it . Why is the money headed to emerging markets , and why are developing nations worried about it ? The money will inevitably flow into emerging economies like Brazil and India because they have the largest growth rate , therefore the largest possible return on investment . World underdogs take the lead "  If it was 1997 , they would say , ` Great ! ' " to the large influx of dollars , said Daniel Gros , director of the Centre for European Policy Studies in Brussels , Belgium . In 1997 , developing economies in Asia were being battered by the Asian Financial Crisis . "  But right now they have enough capital , have enough employment . Moreover , when the capital arrives , the exchange rate  of the local currency  will strengthen , " Gros said . "  One thing  emerging economies  have learned from the Chinese : Sustainable , high growth rates requires you to export a lot . " If the local currency goes up against the U.S. dollar , the export industry will be hurt . That 's why countries from India to Brazil have implemented new controls to slow the influx of cash expected from QE2 . The blank check of the U.S. . The U.S. economy has an incredible fringe benefit it alone enjoys : The U.S. dollar is the reserve currency of choice among foreign nations . China alone sits on $ 2.7 trillion in its foreign currency reserves . "  It 's like writing a check that nobody cashes , " Persaud said . "  Other countries say , ` I like this check , I 'm keeping it , one day I may need to cash it ' , " Persaud said . "  But your bank account remains the same , so what do you do ? You keep on writing checks . " Being the reserve foreign currency of the world allows the U.S. to borrow money at very low interest . This also presents a problem for the U.S. -- it makes erasing its trade imbalance impossible , analysts say . "  I 'm slightly oversimplifying it , but by definition , the U.S. has to export more than it imports , " said Evans of HSBC . "  Something like 70 percent of global reserves are in U.S. dollars . That means all those countries need to export more than they import to the U.S. , because they need to put all those dollars in their reserves . " China 's force field There has been a lot of pressure placed on China regarding its peg to the U.S. dollar -- meaning it only allows the currency to appreciate in small doses relative to the dollar . Critics argue that places an unfair advantage that keeps the price of Chinese products artificially low . China quit allowing its currency to appreciate after the financial crisis in 2008 , but it began to move again in June -- although only rising about 2 percent . Critics argue it should be 30 percent higher or more . What is currency manipulation , anyhow ? But another factor has shielded the Chinese monetary system . Whereas U.S. dollars are stacked as reserves in nations around the world , the Chinese yuan is not allowed to leave China through use of capital controls . "  If you 're not a Chinese resident , you 're not allowed to buy yuan , yuan bonds or have a Chinese bank account , " Gros said . "  It 's the only major economy with capital controls . " That allows China to have tight control on the value of its currency . What 's next ? The U.S. came to Seoul with the hopes of setting hard targets for trade deficits and trade surpluses that would , in turn , limit when nations can allow their currency to appreciate or depreciate . So far , that looks unlikely . The strongest opposition against setting targets has come not from China , but the Europeans , especially Germany , said Domenico Lombardi , a fellow at the Brookings Institution . "  Fiddling around with exchange rates is papering over the real problems , " said Persaud , who used to be a currency trader . For China , the larger issue is switching over from an export-led economy to a domestically driven one . For the U.S. , it 's jumpstarting growth and scaling back its growing national debt . The direction of these two macroeconomic trends , analysts say , will determine the future skirmishes or peace on the currency battlefield . "  In the long run , China needs to have an open financial system , " Lombardi said . "  My fear is that the 21st century will be for America what the 20th century was like for England , when the pound was the world 's largest reserve currency , " Persaud said . "  Losing it is hell , because all those checks you 've written ? People start cashing them . "	A sea change in global wealth is churning waves in currency markets U.S. and China monetary policy are the key factors in ` currency wars ' As a global reserve currency , the U.S. dollar also perpetuates trade imbalances China is the only major economy that restricts its currency flow through capital controls
New York  CNN  -- The New York City Board of Health unanimously approved a mandate Wednesday requiring all children under 5 enrolled in city-licensed preschools and day cares to receive the flu vaccine . It is one of outgoing Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's final health initiatives , which the New York City Department of Health proposed to the Board of Health in September . "  Young children have a high risk of developing severe complications from influenza , " the Health Department said in a statement . "  One-third of children under five in New York City do not receive an annual influenza vaccination , even though the vaccine safely and effectively protects them against influenza illness . Young children often pass influenza to other children and family members , who then spread the infection to others in the community . " The flu vaccine will be added to the seven other vaccines children under 5 are required to get , including measles , whooping cough and chicken pox . "  We know that influenza is a serious illness which affects an estimated 15 % to 40 % of children during annual flu season , " said Dr. Jay Varma , who oversees infectious diseases as deputy commissioner of the New York City Health Department . Richard Kanowitz , president of Families Fighting Flu , lost his daughter at age 4 to the virus . "  This is great news for children , " he said . "  Had the same law been in effect when my daughter was alive in 2004 , she 'd be alive today . She would not have gotten the flu . " "  Only 60 percent of children under the age of 5 in New York City get vaccinated , " Dr. Varma said . "  In New Jersey and Connecticut , where they have this requirement , it 's 80 % . " The issue of vaccinating children is controversial . One consistent claim is that vaccines can cause autism . "  This was a very closed process , " said John Gilmore , director of the Manhattan-based Autism Action Network . "  We will most likely be filing a lawsuit fairly soon to overturn this . From a legal standpoint , we see this as similar to the soda ban , " referring to the mayor 's unsuccessful attempt to ban sugary drinks . Varma said the myths that flu shots can cause the flu , or worse , are just that , myths . "  It does not cause you to get the flu ; it does not cause you to get autism , " he said . The flu vaccine is available in two forms -- shot or nasal spray -- and children are required to get vaccinated by December 31 . "  To the extent that this saves lives , it 's great news , " Kranowitz said . "  I wish my daughter had had the vaccination because , I , as well as other parents , were unaware how the flu killed healthy children . So the only way to protect them is to get them vaccinated . "	Children under 5 in city-licensed pre-schools , day cares must receive flu vaccine The move is one of outgoing Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's final health initiatives The vaccine will be added to seven others required for children under 5
CNN  -- One of three malnourished men found earlier this month in the garage of a Houston home has died , police said Tuesday . He and the other men told police they 'd been held captive before they were discovered July 19 . William Merle Greenawalt , 79 , was pronounced dead six days later , Houston police said in a statement , which did not detail a cause of his death . The two other men , ages 59 and 64 , who were allegedly held captive have been released from hospitals to the care of the state 's Adult Protective Services . Walter Renard Jones , 31 -- a grandson of the home 's owner -- has been charged with injury to the elderly by act and injury to the elderly by omission , according to Houston police spokeswoman Jodi Silva . The charges came after officers responded to a call at a modest single-story Houston home and found three men "  living without any level of care , " police said . "  The three men claimed to have been misled by the suspect  Jones  into residing at the home in exchange for food and shelter , " police added . "  All three men claimed the suspect used force and coercion to keep them there for the purpose of monetary gain . " Investigators were looking into whether the men had been forced to hand over their government aid , including disability , Social Security and veterans checks . At least some of the alleged captives were believed to be homeless . "  What the men initially told us was they were lured there with the promise of cigarettes and food , " Silva said earlier this month . The men told the officers that they had been held for varying lengths of time . One man told them it felt like 10 years , but Silva said earlier this month , "  Whether it goes into years or not is unknown . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Ed Lavandera and Joshua Rubin contributed to this report .	3 men were found "  living without any level of care " in a Houston garage , police said 1 of them later died , police said , without giving a cause of death The 2 others have been released from area hospitals A grandson of the home 's owner has been charged in the case
CNN  -- From sweeping grasslands to the desolate Gobi desert , Mongolia 's dramatic landscape lends itself to the idea that it is one of the world 's last frontiers . Mongolian national identity is entwined with its nomadic history of horsemen and herders . Traditional pursuits like horse-riding are alive and well and celebrated each year at the "  naadam " festival . Despite the impact of modernity and urbanization it remains in many ways a "  land without fences . " Sandwiched between Russia to the north and China to the south , Mongolia 's President Tsakhia Elbegdorj likens his country 's position , geographically and politically , to "  a pony between two elephants . " Recent history has seen Mongolia both squeezed and supported by its two heavy-weight neighbors . The country declared its independence from China in 1921 and then fell under the influence of the Soviet Union and communism . The demise of the Soviet Union in 1991 led to the country losing one-third of its GDP , but did result in the creation of a new democratic constitution in 1992 . The president is the country 's head of state and is elected every four years . Mongolia is currently modernizing , but its historical position as the one-time center of the world 's largest-ever land empire is not forgotten within the country . History books often portray Genghis Khan as a blood-thirsty warrior who led murderous hordes across Asia and Europe . But in Mongolia he remains revered as the man responsible for uniting nomadic tribes and creating an empire that spread ideas and trade across continents , including the invention of paper money and the concept of diplomatic immunity . Today Khan 's presence remains in street names , products and monuments , most strikingly with a 40-meter-tall statue situated 50 kilometers outside the capital city of Ulaanbaatar that faces towards the vast interior of the country . Three times the size of France , Mongolia 's riches lie in its land . Among the breathtaking vistas of seemingly timeless landscapes studded with Gers  traditional nomadic homes  lies the source of Mongolia 's current economic boom . Natural resources of copper and its vast reserves of coal are literally fueling China 's growth and the means for Mongolia 's own development of recent years . Other sought-after minerals like zinc , gold and uranium have bolstered trade and foreign investment , as well helping to bringing Louis Vuitton and Burberry to the streets of Ulaanbaatar . But with its wealth of natural assets comes the need to balance development with environmental protection and address the country 's pressing problem of lifting one third of Mongolia 's three million people out of poverty .	Mongolia has a population of around 3 million people and is three times the size of France It is located in Northeast Asia between China and Russia The country 's rich natural resources are fueling its economic boom
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In 1994 , universal health care was a key policy plan for then-President Bill Clinton . It eventually failed . In 1993 , President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Clinton listen to a man 's story about health care problems . Now , 15 years later , another Democratic president is taking on the challenge , but facing an uphill battle from not only from Republicans , but from members of his own party . Will failing to reform health care have the same consequences for Obama 's administration as it did for Clinton 's ? Like Obama , Clinton came into office with reforming the nation 's health care system as one of his top priorities . Then-first lady Hillary Clinton , who headed the administration 's task force on reforming the system , delivered a 1,000-page plan that was dubbed "  Hillary Care , " which required Americans and permanent resident aliens to enroll in a health plan . Other provisions included Americans below a certain income level paying nothing for care . Republicans decried the plan as overcomplicated and used it to tag the administration as big government-loving , tax-and-spend liberals . The plan 's failure emboldened Republicans and led to huge Democratic losses in the 1994 midterm elections , allowing the GOP to take control of Congress and stymie other Clinton initiatives . Now , 15 years later , Obama potentially faces a similar fate . Obama seeks the overhaul to ensure that health insurance is available to the 46 million Americans currently without coverage while preventing costs to both the government and individuals from continuing to climb . Watch more on the health care debate " The president had set a deadline for passage of a bill before the August congressional recess , but in an interview Monday with PBS 's Jim Lehrer , the president said that if Congress tells him it 's "  going to spill over by a few days or a week , " that 's fine . iReport.com : Weigh in on the health care debate A senior White House official adds that while there is a "  long way to go " in coming up with legislation , there is a true effort being made to devise a bipartisan plan . See how the plans compare " " -LSB- The Senate -RSB- is working in a bipartisan way and despite all of the cacophony of attacks you 've heard from some Republicans , I think you 've got to give some credit to the Republicans on the finance committee who are making right now a good faith effort , despite pressure , probably from their own party , to work with Democrats to try to come up with something that people can get behind , " said White House Communications Director Anita Dunn on Wednesday . Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , says in order for health care reform to get passed , it will take a well-coordinated bipartisan effort . "  I think the president is right . He really does want a bipartisan effort . And that 's what it 's going to take for it to be for the American people . But the approach to it is kind of like a doctor practicing bad medicine where you fix only symptoms and do n't treat the disease . ... the disease is only going to get worse . " But the battle over health care reform is weighed down by complex problems , competing interests , a $ 1 trillion price tag , conservative Democrats in sticker shock and Republicans sensing an opportunity to regain some of the power they lost in the 2006 congressional elections . Conservative Bill Kristol wrote in his blog that there is an opportunity to inflict political damage to the president and that opponents should n't compromise : "  My advice , for what it 's worth : Resist the temptation , " Kristol wrote . "  This is no time to pull punches . Go for the kill . " The White House has so far resisted another idea for raising revenue -- creating a tax on the medical benefits provided by employers . Senate Finance Chairman Max Baucus said he likes the idea , but Obama said it could be too disruptive to a system in which 180 million Americans have health coverage provided by their employers . But while Obama has remained mostly popular in national polls so far , support for his health care plan has begun to wane . A CNN Poll of Polls released Wednesday indicates that less than half the country approves of how he 's handling the issue . Forty-seven percent in the poll approve of how the president is dealing with health care reform , with 44 percent disapproving . The poll averaged the three most recent national surveys that asked about Obama 's performance on health care : USA Today/Gallup  July 17-19  ; ABC/Washington Post  July 15-18  and CBS News  July 9-12  . Meanwhile , Coburn -- a fierce opponent of the current plans being worked up in Congress -- says that Congress needs to slow down . "  Getting this right is better than meeting a political deadline ... I want him to back off the timeline , " he said . "  Let 's start over ... let 's fix it all and do it in a way that the American people wo n't charge it to their grandkids . " CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen , who has worked under several administrations , including Clinton 's , says there 's is concern that Obama may be trying to ram health care legislation through Congress as he did with the economic stimulus plan . "  And they -LSB- Americans -RSB- do n't have a lot of confidence in the past effort in the stimulus plan to put together something comprehensive and -- ` here we go again ' ... something that looks like it 's being thrown together to many people in the public . So they 're not confident that they want it . And Coburn 's argument -- along with nearly all congressional Republicans ' -- could pose a risk to Obama 's political capital with Americans . Gergen agrees . "  I think he 's got two other problems : One is that he does n't have a firm plan to sell . ... Second thing is , from his point of view , there are many in the public that 'd like to hear from him and also like to see just how he 's negotiating the plan , " he said . "  What they look for is a leadership that says , ` Here 's where we 're going to go , ' not a leadership that says , ` I 'm urging Congress to make more progress ' " Former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle , who Obama had tapped to be Health and Human Services director and the point person on health care reform before tax problems derailed his nomination , said getting health care reform passed now will be a major factor in defining Obama 's presidency . "  Because he 's made it such an issue , and because he has invested so much personal time and effort , this will , more than stimulus and more than anything he has done so far , be a measure of his clout and of his success early on , " Daschle was quoted in the New York Times . "  And because it is early on , it will define his subsequent years . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Paul Steinhauser and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	President Obama is urging Congress to come up with a health care reform plan CNN analyst sees similarities between Obama 's push and Clinton 's in 1994 Obama and top Democrats are seeking coverage for 46 million Americans
Marcia Clark knows her way around a courtroom . She spent years as a deputy district attorney in Los Angeles . She became a household name as the lead prosecutor in the O.J. Simpson murder trial , one of the only cases she ever lost . Clark left that life behind a long time ago , but she 's still mining her past , only now as a successful crime novelist . Clark published her first novel , "  Guilt by Association , " last year to strong sales and positive reviews . It featured Rachel Knight , a strong-willed deputy district attorney in Los Angeles , with a deep sense of justice and a bit of a rebellious streak . Sound like anyone familiar ? Now Rachel Knight returns in "  Guilt by Degrees , " which hits book stores May 8 . This time out Rachel is looking for a homeless man 's killer . In her investigation she uncovers a connection to the brutal murder of a Los Angeles police officer . As Rachel gets closer to the truth , she becomes the target of a cunning psychopath . Given her background , it 's no surprise that Clark 's writing crackles with authenticity . The courtroom exchanges in her latest novel are crisp and brimming with tension . The lawyers , cops and bad guys feel real . The story is fast-paced and will keep readers interested to the end . While Clark closed the door on her career as a prosecutor , she continues to stay active with the law by working on appellate court cases . She 's also a frequent legal commentator and analyst for several TV networks , including CNN , but Clark says writing has become her real passion . She recently talked to CNN from her home in Los Angeles . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : I understand you 're a longtime fan of crime fiction . When did you know you wanted to be a writer ? Clark : This has been a lifelong addiction for me . It started with Nancy Drew . She was my hero . I loved reading those stories . When I was 10 or 11 I cracked her code . I figured out the formula that every time her dad went out of town she caught a case . I was still fascinated . Then I graduated into crime fiction of the adult variety . I was so addicted that even when I was a prosecutor I was reading murder mysteries , authors like James Ellroy and watching "  Law & Order , " as well as doing it for real all day long . So that 's obsessed . CNN : It seems like you share a lot in common with your heroine , Rachel Knight . How autobiographical are your books ? Clark : I share traits in common with all the characters . I do n't know if there 's a way to avoid putting yourself into each and every character , the bad guys as well as the good ones . I 'd like to try because I certainly do n't want the book to be about me , but it is about a female prosecutor so there 's going to be things in common . I was only conscious of giving her my bad traits . I think of Rachel as being so much better than me , with the exception of the places where she 's like me and then she 's not so good . CNN : How did being a prosecutor help you in becoming a writer ? Clark : First of all , the experience of meeting the kind of people that you meet being a criminal attorney , whether its prosecutor or defense attorney , is unmatchable . There 's nothing like it . There 's no duplicating that in any other job or career . You run into worlds of people you would never ordinarily meet . That gives you a sense of the kinds of characters that are out there . As a criminal lawyer , especially as a prosecutor , you have to be able to tell a story and put that story together as cogently as possible and then try to present it as cogently as possible . You do set up a case with the idea in mind that you 're going to be telling a story as effectively , as comprehensively , and as dramatically as you can . Now judges can get in the way of that , every time an objection gets sustained and every time you get a bad ruling things can go awry . You ca n't control it all , but you try . CNN : What kind of feedback have you had from other lawyers ? Clark : From what I 've heard so far they agree that it feels spot on . What I was trying to do was capture more than the technical and procedural details , because sometimes I had to bend those rules , shorten time frames and things like that . If I have to start talking about the backlog at the crime lab or how long it takes to get a rape kit tested -- snore ! I need to tighten that up and make it sound like we can get our results as fast as we wish we could . Other than that , I wanted to share the feeling of camaraderie among prosecutors and police officers , the kind of humor they share , their dialogue , the way they 're always needling each other , messing with each other , that kind of sense of sharing a world together , I wanted to convey that feeling . The people who have read the books who are in the business tell me it feels very real . CNN : Do you miss your days in court ? Clark : I get as much as I want from doing appellate work . I handle criminal appeals . That 's something you can do from home . You review transcripts for technical errors and you write briefs , so it 's all written . It keeps me up to speed with how cases are being tried today , as opposed to back when I was in court . It keeps me up to speed with the technology they 're using in courtrooms , the kinds of crimes that are being prosecuted , the kinds of criminals that are coming through . So it keeps me fresh that way . I really do n't miss the trials and courtroom appearances . CNN : As a legal analyst , I expect you 're following the Trayvon Martin case . What 's your take ? Clark : I would expect now what 's going to happen is this is going to go away for quite some time . If I 'm a defense attorney what I want is for everybody to calm down , go away and forget about the case and let tempers cool . Because right now it 's still very hot , there 's a lot of hard feelings and emotion in the air . That 's the last thing the defense wants if you go to trial under these circumstances . So , I would expect the defense to do everything they can to delay the trial and it would n't surprise me if it took at least a year to get into court . CNN : Is this a case you would have wanted to prosecute ? Clark : I ca n't say there 's any case I look at and say , "  Gee , I wish I was the prosecutor . " I 'm really done . I 've really closed that door . CNN : What 's next for you ? Clark : I 'm sticking with the books . I 'm wrapping up book three right now and then jumping into book four . I just want to continue the Rachel Knight series and focus on that because I 'm really loving it . I just know if I had to stop writing Rachel , I 'd miss her ! Connect with Marcia Clark on her website .	O.J. Simpson prosecutor Marcia Clark is now a crime fiction writer Clark 's newest novel follows Los Angeles D.A. Rachel Knight in her hunt for a killer Clark says she has no desire to return to the courtroom
CNN  -- Some years ago , I interviewed a pair of farmers selling pastured , hormone - and antibiotic-free turkeys for $ 4.75 a pound . They were heritage breed birds , Bourbon reds whose numbers had dwindled to dangerously low levels as the broad-breasted white -- the Butterball -- dominated . At the time , the farmers were still a little queasy about slaughtering and selling livestock they 'd raised .  One farmer had been a longtime vegetarian .  But by giving these turkeys a productive death , they explained , they were actually helping them survive . If they were n't for dinner , these birds just were n't useful . They were neither cuddly nor well-behaved . They made terrible pets , and were n't well-suited for life in the wilderness . They were n't destined for poultry popularity , either -- maybe your grandparents would recognize their gamey flavor , but it was nothing like the gravy-slathered protein that generations had gobbled down over the holidays . But if they enticed enough Thanksgiving cooks to prepare them , the farmers saw a win for biodiversity and the birds . Give them a reason to exist , and these turkeys could thrive . I thought of those birds recently when College Board President and CEO David Coleman explained sweeping changes planned for the SAT exam . Come spring 2016 , the essay will be optional . The score scale will return to familiar ol' 1600 . The test prep will be free , and delivered via Khan Academy . And , the SAT word will be no more , Coleman said . Just like those old-timey turkeys , it seems there 's limited use for the $ 5 words we 've come to expect from the SAT . "  Today , when we say that someone has used an SAT word , it often means a word you have not heard before and are not likely to soon hear again , " Coleman explained in his announcement . You know these words if you took the test , its preparatory cousin , the PSAT , or almost any college-minded standardized test . You flipped through their definitions on flash cards , or faced them in a spelling bee , if you were that kind of kid . You probably still use a number of them : "  threatened , " "  vigilant , " "  predicting , " "  ousting " and "  strengthened " all appeared on an SAT test in 2013 . Of course , "  bellicosity , " "  obduracy " and "  garrulous " were on the test , too . After the frenzy and stress of SAT cramming , the words become kind of a parenthetical joke , a chance to finally giggle at the absurdity of it all . Drop "  mellifluous " or "  loquacious " into a sentence after the college applications are sent , and you can actually stop to appreciate it -- "  Hey , I just used an SAT word ! " Coleman said he 's done indulging tricks and flash cards that promise to beat his test , especially at the expense of deep , analytical reading and understanding . If the college exam tests only obscure vocabulary words , "  students stop reading and start flipping , " he said . The redesigned SAT will instead focus on words students are likely to use over and over again , he said , like "  synthesis " and "  empirical . " "  The SAT will honor the best work of our classrooms -- reading widely and learning how words work in their different contexts , " he said . "  We aim to offer worthy challenges , not artificial obstacles . " But I wondered , if the SAT abandons these words , what will become of "  treacly " and "  mendacious " ? Are they turkeys on the verge of extinction ? Hardly , linguist Geoffrey Nunberg explained . The SAT was n't keeping them alive , he said , and flash cards were n't doing justice to many words , anyway . Sure , those quick definitions did well enough for a multiple choice test . "  You can pick 'em out of a lineup , " said Nunberg , who teaches in University of California Berkeley 's School of Information . "  If you see ` mendacious ' and you think ` dishonest , ' you 've got the main idea . " But "  empirical , " he said ? Now that 's a complex word . It 's got varied and layered meanings , some buried deep in history , or evolving only now . "  Under the guise of providing more user-friendly , fair tests , they 're merely substituting one set of SAT words for another , " Nunberg said . "  If anything , this calls for more tutoring , and more background than the old words . " He suspects that students might remember more from their SAT study sessions than anybody realizes , but the words are even less forgettable if students learn them through reading instead of flash cards . Regardless , the test will never get much credit ; if you memorize a word and use it often enough , he said , you 're unlikely to be able to pinpoint that you learned it for the SAT . And if you do n't use it ? "  If people do n't use the word , " Nunberg said , "  it 's because they do n't need the word . " There are no guarantees about the vocabulary of the future SAT . The College Board certainly has n't released a list of banned words , and it 's not as if the passages will suddenly read like "  Fun with Dick and Jane . " It would n't be a test , Nunberg said , if everybody could answer all the questions correctly . "  Everything is an SAT word to somebody , " he said . Consider just one of the changes coming to the SAT in 2016 : Each exam will include passages from meaningful historic documents like the Declaration of Independence , the Federalist Papers and the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  Letter from Birmingham Jail . " In King 's nearly 7,000-word letter , he dropped "  cognizant , " "  superficial , " "  moratorium , " "  unfettered , " "  ominous , " "  ordinance , " "  paternalistically , " "  incorrigible , " "  zeitgeist , " "  sanctimonious , " "  nullification , " "  gladiatorial , " "  scintillating " and "  existential . " Any of them could be called an "  SAT word . " Any of them could be on the new test . So , word lovers , do not mourn the next generation 's vocabulary . Educators , do not celebrate the end of flash cards . The SAT word is dead , long live the SAT word . These turkeys still have a long time to cook . What do you think of the changes to the SAT ? Share your thoughts in the comments , on Twitter @CNNschools or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	The College Board says the next SAT wo n't include little-used , forgettable "  SAT words " The college test will incorporate words with different meanings based on context Changing the SAT wo n't necessarily mean vocabulary words fade into obscurity Linguist : "  Everything is an SAT word to somebody "
CNN  The misuse of outer protective garments may have led to the exposure of a potentially deadly strain of bacteria at the Tulane National Primate Research Center near New Orleans , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . An employee at the center has tested positive for the bacterium , which is kept at the facility . The employee is not sick , and Jason McDonald , a CDC spokesman , said the bacteria probably are n't a threat to the general population . Inspectors from the CDC and the U.S. Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service said the misuse of outer garments "  could have led to the bacteria clinging to inner garments and getting carried out of the select agent lab where research was being conducted with the bacteria on mice , " a news release said . "  Additionally , CDC and APHIS inspectors determined that Tulane primate center staff frequently entered the select agent lab without appropriate protective clothing , which would increase the risk of bringing the bacteria out of the lab or becoming infected themselves . " The bacterium , Burkholderia pseudomallei , was being tested on mice in a biosafety level 3 lab at the Covington , Louisiana campus . It can cause can cause melioidosis , also known as Whitmore 's disease . All research with the agent at the facility was suspended on February 11 and will remain suspended until it can be shown that there are no more risks and that proper procedures are being followed , the CDC said . The CDC says the primate facility can resume that research when Tulane officials show inspectors that : • Entity-wide procedures exist to ensure animals accidentally exposed in the future are managed appropriately ; • All personal protective equipment procedures are thoroughly reviewed and revised appropriately to lessen the risk of future breaches ; • All Tulane primate center personnel are trained on any new or revised protective clothing procedures ; and • Improved entry and exit procedures to the outside enclosures housing non-human primates are in place to stop any further transmission among the animals . " The CDC and U.S. Department of Agriculture say they have completed their investigation , which began in November when two monkeys were diagnosed with Whitmore 's disease . Six others had antibodies indicating exposure to the bacterium . According to the CDC , "  the bacteria causing melioidosis are found in contaminated water and soil . It is spread to humans and animals through direct contact with the contaminated source . " It is not transmitted between humans or animals , "  and the risk of acquiring melioidosis is low , " the CDC said . Melioidosis "  is predominately a disease of tropical climates , especially in Southeast Asia and northern Australia where it is widespread , " according to the CDC website .	The error "  could have led to the bacteria clinging to inner garments and getting carried out " of a lab , inspectors say Also , "  staff frequently entered the select agent lab without appropriate protective clothing " The CDC says the bacteria probably are n't a threat to the general population
CNN  -- A snowstorm that could last up to 18 hours was on its way to southern New England , and Boston , Massachusetts , could be snowed under with up to 15 inches , the National Weather Service said Sunday afternoon . A snowstorm is threatening parts of the Northeast with as much as 15 inches of snowfall . Monday 's commuters in the region could face a nightmare with blowing and drifting snow , freezing temperatures , gusty winds and periods of sleet . Flight delays and cancellations were likely , the weather service said . Boston Mayor Thomas Menino declared a snow emergency starting 10 p.m. Sunday in anticipation of the storm , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . Boston public schools will be canceled on Monday . At 2:15 a.m. Monday , light snow was starting to fall , WCVB reported . Winter storm warnings straddled Interstate 95 from Maine to the Carolinas , and they also were issued in parts of Georgia and Alabama . Delta Air Lines canceled 300 flights , most of them to or from Atlanta , because of snowy weather , spokesman Brian Kruse said Sunday . It was snowing in Atlanta , where Delta is based , and 2 to 4 inches was expected . David Spear , a spokesman for the Georgia Department of Transportation , expected traffic chaos . "  People tend to get a little animated out here at the sight of snow , " he told CNN . "  Our concern is going to be -- as we move into the evening hours and the temperature drops -- that that slush becomes ice and then we have a real situation for our morning commute tomorrow . " He said about 200 DOT trucks were deployed to help make roads safe for motorists . In northern Connecticut , southern New Hampshire and most of Rhode Island and Massachusetts , a winter storm warning was to be in effect from 9 p.m. Sunday to 5 p.m. Monday , the weather service said . Such a warning is issued when winter weather conditions are expected to make travel dangerous . As the storm continued its northward trek late Sunday , Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport in South Carolina was closed at 9 p.m. for snow removal from runways , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . Farther north , Richmond International Airport in Virginia was closed at 10:45 p.m. for the same reason , the FAA said . Both airports were expected to reopen before midnight . The heaviest snow , up to 15 inches , was forecast for the heavily populated I-95 corridor between Boston , Massachusetts , and Providence , Rhode Island , northeast Connecticut and north into the Merrimack Valley in northeast Massachusetts , the weather service said . As much as 3 inches per hour could fall between 10 p.m. Sunday and 10 a.m. Monday . In Washington , Mayor Adrian Fenty declared a snow emergency Sunday afternoon , meaning any street designated as "  snow emergency route " by signs would be cleared of any parked vehicles , towed if necessary , so snow plows could work unimpeded . Watch report on the storm system " "  It is important that our crews have access to the roads from curb-to-curb in order to plow the snow , " said Fenty , whose city was expected to get up to 8 inches of accumulation Sunday night and early Monday with accumulations up to 10 inches by Monday night . "  This is one of the first plow events we have had this season , and we want to ensure we are able to maintain clear and safe roadways as we move into Monday morning , " Fenty said . Forecasters said as many as 14 inches of snow could pile up in Philadelphia and New York City , starting Sunday night . Lesser amounts of snow were reported as far south as Alabama , although Charlotte , North Carolina , could see up to 8 inches . Watch snowfall in Georgia " In Memphis , Tennessee , CNN iReporter George Brown said Sunday that forecasters had predicted "  Teflon snow , " which would n't stick to the ground . But the snow that fell was much heavier , he said . iReport.com : Share photos of icy , snowy weather in your town "  We were getting an inch or more an hour , " he said . "  Some roads are impassable because the folks here are n't use to dealing with slick streets . Many cars are off the interstate , and hotels are packed , " Brown said . Watch winter storm cause accidents " Snow in Germantown , Tennessee , was more than 5 inches deep by Sunday afternoon , forecasters said . "  I talked with our maintenance director , Bill Hazlerig , who tells me he has n't seen snow like this in West Tennessee in many years , " Julie Oaks from the Tennessee Department of Transportation told CNN . Watch the situation in Tennessee " Tennessee called in 260 employees in the western portion of the state alone to salt and plow roadways through the night , she said . By Sunday afternoon , about 45 cars and semi-trailers had pulled over on the shoulder of Interstate 40 , Oaks said . Watch the snow come down in Memphis " Rebecca Horsley , an iReporter from Pelham , Alabama , near Birmingham , said snow began falling there Sunday at 6 a.m. , interfering with her planned birthday celebration . "  It looks like we may have to reschedule , " she said . CNN 's Sean Morris , Lee Garen and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Winter storm warnings issued from New England south to Georgia , Alabama Washington declares snow emergency , could get 10 inches by Monday night Heavy snow could make for nightmarish Monday commute in parts of New England Snow falls in South ; Georgia-based Delta Airlines cancels 300 flights
Washington  CNN  -- Four key GOP senators who have announced their support for a "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal are prepared to join Democrats in voting to let the bill proceed , aides to the four said Friday . The aides said Susan Collins , Olympia Snowe , Lisa Murkowski and Scott Brown will vote Saturday to end debate on the ban on openly gay and lesbian people in the military , regardless of whether the Senate passes a stopgap spending bill , a continuing resolution to keep the government funded . The four have previously said that bill must be approved first . The Senate is currently working to craft a temporary spending bill , made necessary after Democratic leadership pulled a $ 1 trillion spending bill after Republicans abandoned their support of it . The four senators ' support for the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal would ensure the 60 votes needed to clear the way for the bill to advance even if Joe Manchin , a West Virginia Democrat , votes against it , as is expected . Sen. Joseph Lieberman , who co-sponsored legislation that would repeal the policy , said Friday that the four senators have "  shown courage " in supporting the measure . Lieberman said he believes that the Senate will have more than the 60 votes needed , adding that the bill 's co-sponsors had worked closely with the Defense Department in crafting its language . But Pentagon officials are warning gay and lesbian soldiers that the current law will temporarily remain in place , if the bill passes , as they review the legal technicalities of the repeal . A guidance memo would be sent to military personnel informing them of the change , which would remain in effect for at least 60 days after it is signed into law , Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan said . Conservative Republicans have argued that , among other things , a repeal would place an unreasonable burden on the military at a time when it is facing severe strains in Afghanistan and elsewhere . The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to overturn the ban in a "  standalone " measure not tied to any other legislative items . It passed 250-175 on mostly partisan lines . The House had passed a repeal of the ban as part of a larger defense policy bill , but the measure stalled last week in the Senate . Obama and Democratic leaders are trying to push through a repeal before the end of the current lame-duck congressional session . The more conservative incoming Congress , which will be seated the first week of January , is considered far less likely to overturn the Clinton-era ban . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Senators withdraw their requirement that spending bill pass first Current law will remain for at least 60 days if bill passes The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to overturn the ban
At first , it 's hard to tell what these extraordinary works are made from . Kate Rohde 's giant , glowing sculptures resemble backlit jewels , as if they have been carved out of phosphorescent rock . A luminous green box appears to be crafted from fine jade , even if its large size and intricate detail make this implausible . Another piece , labeled a "  crystal marsupial " , is a translucent purple figure which twists to reveal what looks like a glittering core of amethysts . In fact , all of these objects are sculpted from a resin which has become Rohde 's signature medium as an artist and jeweler . These synthetic resins are so versatile that they can be molded into huge structures , or cut and polished to achieve the luster of gems . Over the past decade , Rohde has shaped this material into fantastic sculptures , including a fluorescent garden filled with jewels and creatures and a pair of turquoise crystal horns which can be worn as a headpiece . Rohde is fascinated by the morphology of animals and minerals , and her works often have the air of natural history specimens , given a psychedelic twist with their rainbow pigments and exaggerated shapes . One of her characteristic installations is a baroque display case stuffed with a variety of dazzling , incongruous objects : a neon skeleton , an artificial heart , a bright stalactite . For the Australian artist , there is an excitement about reinventing organic forms and traditional tableaux in day-glo colors , resulting in a mash-up of historical styles . She admits that she is "  always drawn to an eclectic mix of influences , things which are aesthetically excessive and colorful and blingy . " These display cases are a combination of 19th century diorama and modern fashion editorial , in which scientific models are imbued with futuristic glamor . In addition to her acclaimed gallery work , Rohde has had a long association with fashion and jewelry design . In 2010 , she collaborated with fashion designers Anna Plunkett and Luke Sales of the Sydney label Romance Was Born to produce a Jurassic-themed collection called Renaissance Dinosaur , featuring models in crystal-studded breastplates and multi-colored antlers . She also worked with Romance Was Born to produce a series of fabrics -- and even a line of wallpaper -- depicting a maze of flora and fauna in acid colors . For Rohde , it makes sense to move between exhibitions , high fashion , and ready-to-wear items , since it allows her to work with "  vastly differing scales and functionality . Different fields bring unique challenges , but resin is quite a forgiving material , with flexibility and wide scope for experimentation . It can be built up and cut down in extreme ways . " Working on jewelry enables Rohde to perfect the precise cutting she uses for her gallery pieces , while ambitious sculptural ideas often find their way into her accessories . A crystal bird perched on a cuff functions as both a bracelet and a free-standing sculpture . Rohde 's jewelry line ranges from chunky bangles in cartoon colors to striking but ethereal pieces , such as a cluster of rose-pink shards jutting out from the wrist . An iridescent blue ring with two bug-eye "  gems " foregrounds the artist 's sense of humor , while a pair of shimmering earrings with scalloped edges is both delicate and flashy . Resin allows multiple color changes to be incorporated into one piece , so that a ring graduates from milky white to translucent pink , and a cuff shows shades of blue seeping into yellow . It is important to Rohde that the transition to wearable art is made without losing the outlandish and distinctive quality of her style . Her designs for jewelry often draw on the same techniques as her sculptures : in particular , the use of "  acrylic icing " to give an opalescent sheen to surfaces , as seen in her pearl-colored rings . At the same time , she is able to embrace the contradictions of working in both the art world and the luxury market , making sumptuous designs out of faux gems and applying painstaking modeling to synthetic materials . Some of Rohde 's fashion collaborations can currently be seen at the National Gallery of Victoria . In the meantime , she is busy researching ideas for new sculptures . Her next exhibition at Melbourne 's Karen Woodbury Gallery will have a geological focus , combining crystal structures with mixed media such as technicolor hair extensions she sources in Japan and a kind of plastic which can be dyed in hot water . She also intends to work the geological theme into her accessories : "  I think of my jewelry as small-scale sculptures , like a three-dimensional print with a small edition run . The only difference is that with jewelery , there has to be some serious consideration of the function and how it 's worn , whereas a sculpture can be much more impractical . " Striking photos reveal hidden history of black Britons in the Victorian era The most spectacular buildings of 2014 10 works of art that shocked the world	Jewelry designer Kate Rohde creates luminous jewelry out of resin Rohde is primarily inspired by animals , minerals and "  futuristic glamor " She also creates elaborate sculptures for exhibition
EW.com  -- Bummer news from the king of the "  Bachelor " franchise today . Mike Fleiss answered a fan inquiry on Twitter by saying there wo n't be a fourth edition of "  Bachelor Pad , " the cheesy fun spinoff of "  The Bachelor " this summer . ABC confirmed that "  Pad , " which has been a solid little player for ABC in the summer months , will not return this year . No word yet on whether we will ever see the "  Pad " again . ` Very Potter Senior Year ' hits YouTube "  Pad " launched in August of 2010 as an elimination-style game show that featured contestants from "  The Bachelor " and "  The Bachelorette , " who competed for a final cash prize . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	ABC confirmed that "  Bachelor Pad " will not return this year "  Pad " has been a solid little player for ABC in the summer months "  Pad " launched in August of 2010 as an elimination-style game show
EW.com  -- First thing 's first : TLC 's new ratings release for "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo " is now calling the Thompson clan "  America 's favorite family . " Did we all agree to this ? Was there a vote I missed ? The reality show is getting more popular , however . The Georgia pageant brood 's third week premiere on Wednesday night delivered 2.3 million viewers , a season high . The plot : Six-year-old Alana was forced to part ways with her beloved pet pig , Glitzy . Yes , that was the story ! Meanwhile , Thursday night 's broadcast ratings were dull . Do you want to know that CBS ' "  Big Brother " had 6.4 million viewers and a 2.2 in the adult demo , the same as last week ? Is fall here yet ? See the full story at EW.com .	TLC 's "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo " is gaining in popularity The third week premiere on Wednesday had 2.3 million viewers That episode 's ratings were the highest of the season
CNN  -- Third seed Roger Federer has crashed out of the Rogers Cup in Montreal , after losing 7-6 4-6 6-1 to Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Thursday . In a repeat of their recent Wimbledon quarterfinal , 13th seed Tsonga defeated the 16-time grand slam winner to set up a last eight clash with Spaniard Nicolas Almagro . Federer , 30 , looked to have given himself a chance of winning the contest at the Uniprix Stadium when he claimed the second set , but world number 16 Tsonga rallied to emphatically clinch the third and deciding set in convincing style . "  He 's confident right now and he played an excellent third set , " Federer told the ATP Tour 's official web site . "  The first two sets were tighter . I should maybe have won the first one as I had some opportunities . "  In the second I was able to hold my serve . I might have won , but he was able to finish off the match very well . " Tsonga 's triumph on Thursday was his third career win over Federer , and he was pleased with his level of performance in the match . " -LSB- This -RSB- is the match I played best , " said Tsonga reflecting on his previous encounters with Federer . "  I really played good tonight . I was opportunistic . I did n't miss any opportunities I had . I was able to break before he did . I 'm very happy the way I won this match . " Eighth seed Almagro advanced courtesy of a straight-sets 7-6 6-3 victory against Tsonga 's compatriot Richard Gasquet . World number one Novak Djokovic , playing in his first tournament as world number one , eased past Croat Marin Cilic 7-5 6-2 . Djokovic has already won the Australian Open and Wimbledon titles this year and will face Gael Monfils in the quarterfinals . Monfils , seeded fifth , battled back from one-set down to overcome Djokovic 's Davis Cup teammate Viktor Troicki . The Frenchman Monfils saved three match points on his way to a 3-6 7-6 7-6 win . American number one Mardy Fish beat Ernests Gulbis 4-6 6-3 6-4 to set up a match with Stanislas Wawrinka in the next round , who defeated South African Kevin Anderson . Seventh seed Tomas Berdych is also safely through after dispatching of Croat Ivo Karlovic 6-3 7-6  7-2  . The final round of 16 match saw Janko Tipsarevic defeat Rafael Nadal 's conqueror Ivan Dodig 6-1 6-4 .	Roger Federer is out of the Rogers Cup after losing to Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga Tsonga also defeated Federer in the recent Wimbledon quarterfinals World number one Novak Djokovic is into the last eight after a win over Marin Cilic There are were also wins for Fish , Wawrinka , Monfils , Berdych and Tipsarevic
United Nations  CNN  -- Six months after an earthquake devastated Haiti , a United Nations representative on the ground there says many challenges still lie ahead in the aftermath of the "  worst living disaster . " Nigel Fisher , the deputy special representative for the stabilization mission in Haiti , told the U.N. press via video-conference Monday that progress has been made in rehabilitating the country , but that the nation still faces many problems . The January 12 quake left over 220,000 dead , over 300,000 injured , and over a million homeless . According to recent U.N. reports , the quake destroyed 60 percent of government infrastructure , and left more than 180,000 homes uninhabitable . Six months later , more than 1.5 million remain in overcrowded displacement camps , and Fisher does not anticipate the number in camps to reduce soon . According to the United Nations , 1,300 camping sites and 11,000 latrines have been built , and thousands of kilos of food and humanitarian resources have been delivered to those in need . Fisher said that despite a lack of communication , destroyed roads and lack of transportation and railway systems , food was delivered relatively quickly to displaced Haitians . The response from the international community , Fisher said , was "  quite significant . " Houses that were not structurally damaged are being rebuilt at a relatively low cost , though tents and camps are undergoing their second "  phase of replacement . " An unforeseen difficulty of "  land tenure , " especially in a "  place where land ownership has been disputed for years , " has significantly slowed down the process of building more permanent houses in preparation for the hurricane season . "  It is important to remember what Haiti was and what Port-au-Prince was before the earthquake : two-thirds of the population was living in poverty , many lacked access to clean water and were living in slums , " Fisher said . According to 2009 U.N. reports , 55 percent of Haitians lived on less than $ 1.25 a day , and per capita annual income was US $ 660 . Fifty-eight percent of children were under-nourished and 58 percent of the population lacked access to clean water . The earthquake followed the devastating 2008 hurricanes that affected 800,000 Haitians , and deforestation left the country with less than 2 percent forest cover . "  Then , the catastrophic earthquake left 230,000 dead , 300,000 injured and an estimated one million homeless . In addition , 17 million cubic meters of debris were scattered on the streets , " Fisher explained . Fisher said the relocation of displaced families from the camps to newly built homes has posed a problem because of two main concerns on the part of family members : the need for a job and for a nearby school where their children could receive an education . Furthermore , the private sector , which has been damaged by the "  overwhelming response from the international community , " has experienced a loss of clients and "  extremely high interest rates " that Fisher said can be solved only through recapitalization of the private sector by the country itself . But with a focus more on urban reconstruction and the development of a closer link between government and education , Fisher said Haiti could become a better nation than it was before the earthquake . "  We have a long way to go , but things could have been much worse . " Nutritional status and general health "  has not worsened in the months since the earthquake , " he said . "  There has been no epidemic of cholera or measles , " Fisher stated , because access to clean water and free medical facilities have reduced chances of an outbreak . He asserted even that the U.N. mission has seen improvement in some of the camps .	U.N. rep in Haiti says progress has been made but many problems still ahead U.N. says 1,300 camping sites , 11,000 latrines built Rep cites access to clean water and medical facilities as preventing disease outbreaks
CNN  -- LeBron James is a grown man who made a grownup decision to take his massive basketball-playing ability from Cleveland to Miami in a desire to get the one thing every true baller desires : the opportunity to call yourself a champion . Forget all the nonsense about him "  owing " his hometown and how his legacy could have been cemented had he stayed in the Midwest and continued to try to win a title in Cleveland . LeBron had the absolute right to pick up his things and go where he thought it was best to win , and he did it . Enough with all of this ridiculous chatter that he 's a selfish , spoiled basketball prodigy . LeBron was an employee of the Cleveland Cavaliers . He had no ownership stake and no control . Everyone talks about what his presence meant to the Cleveland economy . Did he own any of those businesses ? No . But he made them , and the Cavaliers , richer by his play . There is undoubtedly a tradeoff , because being a star athlete is a two-way street . You become richer by virtue of folks coming to see you play , and the league , team , marketers and surrounding businesses get to piggyback off of your success . LeBron gave them a solid seven seasons , and everyone enjoyed the ride . Say thank you for the LeBron gravy train , and now , like any smart business owner , you need to figure out your next revenue stream . Now , let 's deal with the fans . I read with fascination about how LeBron "  owed " the fans . Really ? What exactly did he owe them ? We need to stop with this belief that fans in a city "  own " a particular player . We get to sit back and enjoy the skills of these modern-day gladiators in our gleaming new Colosseums , while they bust their butts , play injured and have to take all of the criticism when things go bad . As fans , we justify it all by saying , "  Well , he 's getting millions to play , so he should shut up . " We need to grow up and realize that once his playing days are over , we will say , "  Thanks , LeBron , now move over so we can worship the next stud . " In fact , when a particular athlete has overstayed their welcome , the fans are the loudest in telling him to leave the court . To me , there is a huge difference between a player like LeBron James and Albert Haynesworth of the Washington Redskins . Albert has pocketed nearly $ 40 million and has refused to show up at training sessions with Washington because he does n't like the defensive scheme . That is dumb . LeBron showed up and did his part , and when his contract was up , he exercised his free will to do as he pleased and shop his talents . He did what every single American wants : to go to a new job where the desires you always wanted can be fulfilled . So how is that wrong ? No one -- athlete , stockbroker , Wal-Mart greeter , grocery store clerk , secretary , journalist -- wants to be treated like they are a piece of property . We all desire the freedom that comes with making our own choice as to where we want to work and achieve the goals in life that we all set . I can identify with that . In 1993 , I decided to leave the Austin American-Statesman , where I was the county government reporter . The then-city editor sat across from me and said , "  I felt like it was a punch in the gut when told you were leaving . " He had an indignant , paternalistic tone that I found offensive . See , I was making $ 24,000 . When the Houston Chronicle pursued me for a job a few months earlier that would be around $ 27,000 , I was told I was talking myself out of a job in Austin . So when the Fort Worth Star-Telegram offered me a gig at $ 32,000 , I did n't even bother seeing whether Austin wanted to counter . The new job allowed me to go to a bigger market and have the upward mobility I desired , so I took the job . So I told the city editor , "  Look , you did n't take some kid off the street , teach him how to talk , write and dress . You paid me for a service , and I delivered . Now I 'm choosing to take my skills elsewhere . " I then got up and left the meeting . It was offensive to me that my bosses at the paper felt like I was being an ungrateful employee . I wanted to do more with my talents , and I refused to allow someone to make me feel bad about my decision . It 's my life , my career , my choice . So how is that bad ? Now I get folks who did n't like LeBron having a one-hour special to announce his decision . But we are all used to the hype in sports . Do we really need a six-hour pregame show for the Super Bowl ? Ca n't we play the NBA All-Star Game without all of the side attractions ? Would boxing be boxing without the wild and crazy news conferences ? Hype and sports go hand-in-hand . That 's why I found the letter written by Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert so pathetic . Here is a man who was enriched by the play of LeBron James ; according to Forbes , the value of the franchise increased by $ 100 million with his on-court performance . Yet instead of being a gracious owner and simply reaffirming his commitment to the fans to put a winning team on the court , Gilbert ripped LeBron to shreds , calling him "  narcissistic " and his decision to leave a "  cowardly betrayal " and "  a shameful display of selfishness . " Gilbert even went on to trash all athletes by saying , "  It 's time for people to hold these athletes accountable for their actions . Is this the way you raise your children ? " In an interview , Gilbert later said LeBron quit on the team in the playoffs the past two years . Really ? So if he was all of that , Dan , why did you want to re-sign him ? Who wants a quitter on his team ? If LeBron had chosen to stay in Cleveland , rich boy Dan would have been all smiles , slapping his back , getting ready to count the money he could make off of the back of LeBron . So who would have been the real selfish , narcissistic individual , Dan ? Gilbert now says it 's time to speak out against LeBron , yet as long as James made him richer , he would have kept quiet . Sorry , Dan , you 've pimped LeBron long enough . LeBron showed Dan Gilbert that only LeBron owes LeBron an explanation . No owner , CEO or boss has the right to demand that someone stay as an employee . The employee has a right to live their life as they see fit . As the CEO of LeBron James Inc. , he did what 's in the best of interest of him . And as the most important shareholder , is n't that what he 's supposed to do ? I 'm sorry , folks , but the loyalty that used to exist from teams and companies is gone . Some still believe in it , but for many of us , we 're simply a dot on the spreadsheet . Business is cutthroat , and we have to accept that reality . So , King James , go to Miami and do your thing . Grow your corporation to be as big as you want it to be . And never look back at the haters who are mad you chose not to act like a highly paid indentured servant or 21st-century slave , held in place by the invisible shackles dressed up as loyalty to a city , owing the fans and satisfying someone who is clearly an ungrateful owner . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin says LeBron James is a grown man who made a grownup decision He says James does n't owe his former employer or city loyalty Martin : James acted in his own interest , as he should Cavaliers owner was wrong to rip James as "  narcissistic , " Martin says
CNN  The latest ISIS-appointed governor of Mosul was killed in coalition airstrikes on Thursday , according to Iraqi police . Hassan Saeed Al-Jabouri , also known as Abu Taluut , was killed 18 miles south of Mosul in the village of Qayyara , according to Maj. Gen. Watheq Al-Hamdani , a senior regional Iraqi police commander who is leading the government 's efforts to retake Mosul from ISIS . Jabouri is the second ISIS-appointed governor of Mosul killed by airstrikes and had been in office for less than 25 days . Earlier this month , U.S. airstrikes killed one of his predecessors , Radwan Taleb Al-Hamdouni , according to U.S. security officials . Mosul is a key stronghold for ISIS fighters and was taken from Iraqi forces earlier this year . The Pentagon said that it has a strategy to retake the city beginning in January . Meanwhile , more than 100 people were injured or killed in six airstrikes by Syrian forces on the ISIS held city of al-Bab and the town of Qbasin in the northeast of Aleppo , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . In the village of Abo Qassayed , 30 ISIS militants were killed Tuesday as Syrian Kurdish forces captured that town held by ISIS , according to the observatory . ISIS captured a Jordanian fighter pilot Wednesday after his plane crashed over Raqqa . "  Evidence clearly indicates " that the terrorist group "  did not down the aircraft , " U.S. Central Command said in a statement . Turkey warming up to Iraq Relations between Iraq and Turkey are improving because of the new government in Baghdad , Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said Thursday . "  Now that the coldness between Turkey and Iraq is over , we will accelerate our relations in every possible way , " he said in a televised interview . Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said that Iraq and Turkey share common economic and security goals , according to Anadolu Agency , Turkey 's government news agency . Iraq wants to reach global oil market 's through Turkey , Al-Abadi said . Turkey 's Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu promised that Turkey will not allow any foreign fighter access to Syria , whether they be Syrian opposition or ISIS fighters , according to Anadolu Agency .	U.S. airstrikes kill governor of Mosul , Iraqi police say 30 ISIS fighters are killed in Syria by Kurdish forces , rights group says ISIS did not shoot down plane with pilot , U.S. officials say Turkey promises Iraq it will block border to Syria from ISIS fighters
CNN  The measles outbreak in California is growing . The number of cases has increased to 68 , with 48 of those cases linked to an outbreak at Disneyland , state health officials reported Friday . Two days ago , the health department reported 59 cases , 42 with a Disney connection . In addition , nine cases have been reported in Arizona , Utah , Washington , Colorado , Oregon and Mexico . A new case was reported in Nevada , but the Southern Nevada Health District said it 's unknown whether that case is Disney-related . The disease outbreak apparently surfaced when visitors reported coming down with measles after visiting the park December 15-20 . At least five Disney employees have been diagnosed with measles , Disney said . Measles is a highly communicable respiratory disease caused by a virus and spread through the air , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Measles starts with a fever , runny nose , cough , red eyes and sore throat , the CDC said . Dr. Gil Chavez , deputy director of the state 's Center for Infectious Diseases , recommended that children under 12 months and people who 've never had a measles vaccination stay away from the park while the disease event continues . He made the same recommendation for other places where large numbers of people congregate , such as airports and shopping malls . However , Chavez said Disneyland would be "  perfectly safe " if you 've been immunized . Opinion : Heed the lesson from Disneyland measles outbreak When asked for a comment , Suzi Brown of Disney media relations said , "  We agree with Dr. Chavez 's comments that it is safe to visit Disneyland if you have been vaccinated . " For the most part , measles spreads among those who have not been vaccinated against the virus . The California Department of Public Health said Orange County had the most measles cases with 21 , followed by San Diego County with 13 . 5 things to know about measles	Number of measles cases in California has grown to 68 , public health officials say 48 of those cases have been linked to California Disneyland , they said
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and his opponent former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney have touted their records of hiring women while in office -- but both candidates have a mixed record on equal hiring and closing the gender pay gap . Under the Obama administration , the median salary for female federal employees is nearly 93 % of what men make , according to the U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board , an agency that works to protect the rights of federal employees . That figure -- while up from just over 83 % in 1991 -- does not represent complete pay parity . The Obama White House had women holding just under 40 % of jobs paying $ 75,000 or more in 2011 . According to a University of Massachusetts Center for Women in Politics and Public Policy study , when Romney was sworn in as governor in 2003 , 42 % of his administration 's senior-level appointments were women . That figure dropped to 25 % during the last two years of his tenure . Opinion : Does Romney ` get ' women who work ? The political gender wars erupted anew during Tuesday night 's presidential debate when each candidate accused the other of not doing enough to help women . Some of the most heated exchanges between the candidates in their second debate were over so-called "  women 's issues . " Obama pointed to the fact that the first bill he signed as president , the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , eases the way for women to sue if they are n't being paid equitably . "  So we fixed that , " Mr. Obama said . "  And that 's an example of the kind of advocacy that we need because women are increasingly the breadwinners in the family . " Romney had not stated a public position on Lilly Ledbetter before Tuesday 's debate when he said he would not seek to repeal it . His running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan , voted against the bill . ` Binders , ' cooking and equal pay : Did Romney undo gains with women voters ? Romney attempted to appeal to women 's pocketbooks saying that women have been especially hard hit by the economic downturn -- a problem he said he would solve if elected president . "  There are three and a half million more women living in poverty today than when the president took office , " Romney said . "  We do n't have to live like this . We can get this economy going again . " Ryan focused on how women fared under the Obama administration at a campaign rally in central Florida Thursday . "  Over 5 million women have just left the work force . Fewer women are working today than when he took office . And so of the people who have been hit the hardest , it 's women . " Women are back on the job " -LSB- W -RSB- e 've got to champion small businesses which are the kinds of companies that have flexible job schedules that women can get easily back in to the work force , " continued Ryan . "  And of all the things we can do to get women back into the workforce , get them the skills they need , get an economy , and help those small businesses bring them back into the work force so they can provide for themselves and their families . " Nationally , women earn 77 cents for every dollar earned by men , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Behind the war of words is the reality that both candidates must make significant inroads with female voters -- a group that makes up the majority of the electorate -- in order to win the election . POLL : What are the most important women 's issues ? The candidates are statistically even among women voters in swing states , according to a new USA TODAY/Gallup Poll with Obama at 49 % and Romney at 48 % . These numbers track with similar polling data following Romney 's strong performance in the first presidential debate . "  The race among women was much tighter in swing states , " said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University in Atlanta . "  From now on , I would expect that President Obama will tout his record on pay equity and support for contraception to shore up support among women . Still , I would expect that Obama 's performance will be stronger among single than married women . The question will be whether he can get single women to turn out in high rates this time around . " POLL : In swing states , likely women voters are split Both candidates have used their records of hiring women to illustrate to potential voters that they understand women 's issues . The White House points to highly placed women in the administration as an example of what it sees as its strong record of gender equality . Those positions include Supreme Court Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan as well as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , Labor Secretary Hilda Solis and U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice . The White House also says that more than half of the staff is made up of women , who fulfill key senior leadership roles . Romney , who worked in business before serving as governor of Massachusetts , said he "  learned a great deal " about the inequalities between men and women in the workplace when leading his state . The highest-ranking woman in his administration was Lt. Gov. Kerry Healey . Beth Myers has long held senior positions in Romney 's political campaign . CNN Fact Check : Candidates positions on contraception ? When he and his staff ran into problems finding qualified female applicants to fill Cabinet posts , Romney said he "  went to a number of women 's groups and said , ` Can you help us find folks ? ' and they brought us whole binders full of women . " Obama was quick to use the "  binders " line against Romney on the campaign trail on Wednesday . "  We do n't have to collect a bunch of binders to find qualified , talented , driven young women ready to learn and teach in these fields right now , " Obama told supporters in Mount Vernon , Iowa . Undecided women voters who were watching the debate and participating in a focus group in Ohio , reacted positively to Romney 's anecdote during dial-testing for CNN . The responses from the women jumped sharply on-screen when Romney spoke about workplace flexibility . Three of Romney 's former female cabinet members talk about their experience working for Romney when he was governor in an ad put out by the campaign on Thursday . Ellen Roy Herzfelder , who served as Romney 's former secretary of environmental affairs ; Jane Edmonds , Romney 's former secretary of workforce ; and Beth Lindstrom , former director of consumer affairs and business regulation , all appear in the ad . "  He totally gets working women , " Herzfelder said in the ad . CNN Fact Check : Romney , women and jobs CNN 's Tom Cohen and Shawna Shepherd contributed to this report	President Barack Obama and GOP nominee Mitt Romney both have gender pay hits and misses Both candidates brag about their records on hiring and paying women in debate and on the trail Both candidates have failed to fully close the pay equity gap Both candidates increased hiring of women to highly placed positions
Days after he left a nursing home , radio icon Casey Kasem was the subject of a welfare check at a residence in Washington state , officials said Thursday . Kitsap County sheriff 's deputies went to an address provided by California Adult Protective Services , Scott Wilson , a spokesman for the sheriff 's office , told CNN . Authorities on Tuesday afternoon found Casey Kasem and his wife , Jean , visiting longtime friends at the home . The couple was staying there on vacation , Wilson said . After staying 40 minutes and determining that Kasem was alert , not in distress and was receiving appropriate care , the deputies left . Kitsap County authorities would not release the address where they found Kasem , citing privacy reasons . The county is just west of Seattle . "  We are grateful to local authorities for finding my Dad . We are one step closer to bringing him home , " daughter Kerri Kasem said in a statement Wednesday night . The family still has "  grave concerns about his medical care , " the daughter 's representative said in the statement . "  The Kasem family will do everything in their power to bring their father home , " Danny Deraney said . Family members , judge concerned New guardianship Kasem , 82 , is suffering from Lewy body disease -- a common cause of dementia , a spokesman for his daughter told CNN on Tuesday . On Monday , a judge named Kerri Kasem the temporary conservator until a June 20 hearing . But she had n't been able to take on the responsibility without knowing where he was . Kerri Kasem has said she feared her father may have been taken out of the country . Kerri and her sister , Julie Kasem , told CNN they last visited their father a week ago in the California nursing home where he was staying . When the daughters ' attorney , Troy Martin , called the day after the visit to check up on Kasem , he was told by the nursing home that he had been removed overnight , Martin told CNN . When asked whether there had been any wrongdoing in the Washington state visit , Wilson said : "  They 're free adults . They can travel where they want . " Daughters vs. wife Julie Kasem and her husband , Dr. Jamil Aboulhosn , filed an earlier conservatorship petition claiming the retired radio host "  has been isolated from his daughters , friends and other family " by his wife . "  We tried everything to get her to let us see him when she stopped bringing him over to the house , " Kerri Kasem told CNN in December . "  She had an assistant bring him over to the house so we could see him every weekend . She stopped . My sister went there , knocked on the door , and she was escorted off the property . " But the wife gave a very different take on the ordeal last November . "  These children single-handedly and irreparably shattered the lives of their father , his wife and youngest daughter , the calm of their home and their neighborhood by engaging in uncalled for public demonstrations and personal attacks in the media , " she said in court papers , according to CNN affiliate KCBS . "  They are doing so with a professionally orchestrated media and legal campaign that has disgraced their father and vilified their stepmother . " Last year , a judge ruled that Kasem was being well cared for by his wife . The judge denied a request by Kasem 's children that a temporary conservator be appointed . Attempts to contact Jean Kasem 's attorney this week have been unsuccessful . Jean Kasem , 60 this year , was an actress with roles in "  Ghostbusters " and "  Cheers . " Decades of fame Casey Kasem , who hosted radio music countdown shows "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 " for decades , retired in 2009 . Besides the famed countdown shows , Kasem was also the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon "  Scooby-Doo " and an announcer for NBC . He was a popular DJ and occasional actor before "  American Top 40 " began in 1970 . His case has drawn attention to Lewy body dementia -- the second most common type of progressive dementia after Alzheimer 's , according to the Mayo Clinic . The condition can be hard to diagnose because Parkinson 's and Alzheimer 's cause similar symptoms , according to the National Institutes of Health . All-time great DJs	Couple free to go where they want , sheriff 's official says Washington deputies find Kasem in a home Kasem , 82 , is suffering from Lewy body disease His daughters and his wife are in a feud over him
It 's not hard to dash out a Facebook status update saying how much you 're digging "  House of Cards " or the new Lorde song . But Facebook wants to make it even easier . The social network on Wednesday said it 's rolling out an audio-recognition feature that lets you automatically tag music , TV shows or movies in status updates . The feature employs your phone 's microphone to identify the song or TV show while it 's playing and tag it in your post , saving you the trouble of typing it yourself . In this way , the new tool acts sort of like Shazam , the mobile app that can tell you what song is playing on the radio . Facebook said the unnamed feature will be available to U.S. users on Android and iOS devices "  in the coming weeks . " Of course , the more information Facebook users share about themselves and their tastes , the more Facebook can target ads at its 1.2 billion users . Here 's how it works : If you 've turned the feature on , you 'll see an audio icon jiggling on your phone 's screen as you write a status update . That means the feature is listening and trying to find a match ; if it does , you can then add the song , TV show or movie to your post . As with any Facebook post , you can choose which of your friends can see it . You can also turn the feature off at any time by clicking an audio icon at the top right of the screen . Facebook said that if you choose to share a song , your friends can listen to a 30-second snippet . For TV shows , Facebook said your News Feed post will highlight the specific season and episode you 're watching , "  so you can avoid any spoilers and join in conversations with your friends after you 've caught up . " That 's probably for the best -- nobody wants overeager commenters revealing unforseen deaths in "  Game of Thrones . " For movies , the feature will presumably work best for people watching at home , since most movie houses  and moviegoers  frown on glowing screens in the theater .	New Facebook feature helps you tag music , TV shows or movies in updates Feature employs phone 's microphone to identify song or TV show as it 's playing Feature will be available on Android and iOS devices "  in the coming weeks "
CNN  -- The writing was on the wall for Liverpool . Some 25 years after the stadium disaster that cost the lives of 96 supporters , the club is marching towards its first English title since the season immediately following that tragedy at Hillsborough . The team 's players could understandably be nervous about the prospect of ending such a long wait for Liverpool 's next championship -- its 19th overall and first since the advent of the Premier League . But , after title rival Chelsea stumbled on Saturday , Brendan Rodgers ' side showed no such anxiety in dispatching struggling Norwich 3-2 to move five points clear at the top of the table . And the manager said his charges had drawn inspiration from the speech by the leader of the Hillsborough Support Group , Margaret Aspinall , who spoke at Tuesday 's memorial service for the victims and survivors of the 1989 stadium crush . "  I used some words of Margaret Aspinall -- we put them up on the wall , " the Northern Irishman told Liverpool 's website after Sunday 's away win , the team 's 11th in a row . "  She talked about stress and how it can prove difficult for you , but it can also offer you great determination to fight . "  Those were the words that we gave the players before the game today . This is a club that is one club at this moment in time , and we 're all fighting to achieve the ultimate goal . " The victory sets the scene for next Sunday 's visit by Chelsea to Anfield , and puts more pressure on third-placed Manchester City to win against another team battling to avoid relegation -- West Brom -- on Monday . Liverpool and Chelsea have three games left , while 2012 champion City has five -- but is nine points off the lead . "  In the changing room before they go out , we just remind them to go and lose themselves , just focus on the ball and focus on the team , " said Rodgers , whose team is now guaranteed a place in the European Champions League for the first time since 2010 . "  If you can do that , then we can be a real force . You saw all the characteristics of our team -- wonderful invention , creativity , arrogance on the ball , young players and senior players all playing in a structure that allows them to express themselves . "  And they had to show the courage to dig in and fight , away from home against a team that 's fighting for their life to stay in the division . It 's going to be a brilliant game next weekend . The supporters will be right up for it , as will the team . " Liverpool took a 2-0 lead inside 11 minutes through young winger Raheem Sterling , with a long-range effort , and top scorer Luis Suarez -- who became the first player to net 30 times in the league for the club since Ian Rush in 1987 . The Uruguay striker is now just one short of the Premier League record for a 38-game season , held by Alan Shearer and Cristiano Ronaldo . Norwich , just two points above the relegation zone , hit back through striker Gary Hooper following the halftime break but England World Cup hopeful Sterling restored Liverpool 's advantage just after an hour before Robert Snodgrass ' header set up a tense finish . "  He is the best young player in European football at the moment , " Rodgers said of Sterling , who set up Suarez 's 12th goal in five games against Norwich . "  At 19 years of age you do n't see anyone better . His intelligence with the ball , his movement and he 's scoring goals . His first goal was a wonderful strike . He 's just shifted it , got his shot off ; to beat a goalkeeper of John Ruddy 's quality shows you the quality of the strike . "  His pass for Luis ' goal was like a top midfield player , so there 's an assist , and his position for the counter attack when he broke away and obviously gets a bit of luck on the deflection -- but his overall performance , he 's shown so much maturity . " Arsenal 's chances of qualifying for the Champions League for the 15th successive season remain in the London club 's own hands after Sunday 's 3-0 win at 14th-placed Hull . Germany forward Lukas Podolski followed up his midweek double in the 3-1 victory at home to West Ham by scoring twice more following Aaron Ramsey 's opener -- the Wales midfielder 's ninth in the league this season and first since this month 's return from long-term injury . Everton closed to within a point of fourth-placed Arsenal by beating Manchester United 2-0 in Sunday 's later game -- billed as a clash between managers Roberto Martinez and David Moyes . It was a bitter blow for former Everton boss Moyes , who has had a miserable first season with defending champion United -- and now knows that next season the club will not be playing in the Champions League . A penalty from Leighton Baines and another goal from striker Kevin Mirallas before halftime left United 13 points behind Arsenal .	Liverpool five points clear in English Premier League after beating Norwich 3-2 on Sunday Raheem Sterling scores twice and sets up Luis Suarez 's 30th league goal this season Manager Brendan Rodgers says team drew inspiration from Hillsborough memorial Arsenal and Everton , who both win , are battling for fourth place with three games to play
CNN  -- Tiger Woods overtook Jack Nicklaus for second place on the all-time PGA Tour list as he claimed the AT&T National at Congressional Sunday . It was his 74th victory and he needs eight more to draw level with Sam Snead . The two-shot win over nearest challenger Bo Van Pelt also leaves him in fine fettle heading into the third major of the season at Royal Lytham and St Annes later this month . Woods is four short of leader Nicklaus on that all-time list but has not won a major since the 2008 U.S. Open after his career stalled through injury and well chronicled problems in his personal life . In extra preparation for his tilt at a 15th major at Lytham , Woods has added the Greenbrier Classic , which starts Thursday , to his schedule . The Greenbrier course in West Virginia is closely associated with Snead , who lived in the area and Woods said he was "  excited " about the prospect of claiming a fourth win this season to draw nearer to the legendary golfer . Tiger gives chase at storm-hit Congressional But then he will hone his preparations for Lytham and told gathered reporters after his Congressional win that he faced a testing challenge on the seaside links in northern England . "  I will be practicing some different shots , I will need to hit the ball a bit lower , more flighted , " he said . But after his final round two-under 69 at Congressional for an eight-under 276 total , Woods was in buoyant and defiant mood . "  What an incredible week , " he said . "  I remember there was a time , about six months ago , when people were saying I could never win again . " Victories at Bay Hill and Muirfield Village ended that long drought and his game held up well under pressure after a storm-hit AT&T , which had to be played Saturday without spectators because of safety fears . "  Yesterday was a silent day , but I think everyone saved it up for today , " said Woods , who had the added pressure of being the tournament host in Maryland . Van Pelt , who mounted a stiff challenge , is in no doubt that Woods is back to his formidable best . "  I think he 's the only guy to win three tournaments on tour this year -- on three different golf courses , " Van Pelt said . "  And he was leading the US Open after two days . So I 'd say that he 's playing the best golf in the world right now . " Australia 's Adam Scott finished in third place at five-under-par 279 .	Tiger Woods wins AT&T National for third win on PGA Tour in seven starts Woods pulls clear of Jack Nicklaus for second place on all-time list Woods is eight short of the 82 wins of legendary Sam Snead Woods targeting 15th major in British Open at Lytham later this month
CNN  -- Four more people have died in Germany , health officials said Sunday , bringing the total number of deaths from an E. coli outbreak to 35 . All but one of the deaths were in Germany , with the other occurring in Sweden , according to the World Health Organization and the European Center for Disease Prevention and Control . The number of people infected with E. coli as of Sunday was 3,256 , according to the European center  ECDC  . Of those , 812 have the severe form of the intestinal illness . All but five people had traveled to or lived in Germany during the incubation period for infection , typically three to four days after exposure , the WHO said . German authorities have indicated that food items including bean sprouts and other vegetables originating from a producer in Lower Saxony , Germany , are the most likely source of the infection . German health authorities have declared that all food products originating from the producer be pulled from the market , according to the ECDC . The agricultural ministry in Lower Saxony said Sunday that it is still not clear how sprouts from a farm in the state became contaminated with the bacteria . "  It is not clear whether an employee brought the bacteria into the company or whether it was brought in with seeds which then contaminated the worker , " the ministry said in a statement . "  Finding this out is important , however , so that we can create early warning systems to prevent such outbreaks in the future , " the statement said . Investigators found bean sprouts were the cause of the outbreak when 17 people became ill after eating at the same restaurant , said Reinhard Burger , president of the Robert Koch Institute , which is responsible for disease control and prevention in Germany . Only those who ate food containing the sprouts became ill , he said . Farmers in Spain , France , the Netherlands and Belgium have been seeking compensation for their losses . The European Commission has proposed that the European Union pay about $ 300 million , but Spain alone claims about $ 600 million in losses . In Spain , the produce exporter Frunet filed suit last week over the Hamburg state government 's initial claims that Spanish produce was to blame for the outbreak . The company , based in Spain 's southern Malaga province , expects to file another suit against the government seeking 1 million euros , or $ 1.4 million , in losses from fresh produce it had to destroy , Frunet owner Antonio Lavao told CNN . Health officials first blamed Frunet 's organic cucumbers for the outbreak . CNN 's Al Goodman and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Health officials say the cause of contamination is still unclear All but one of the deaths are in Germany The number of cases is at 3,256 The infection has been traced to a Lower Saxony producer
CNN  -- In calmer days , the two California Department of Fish and Wildlife officers riding in a truck rolling down State Route 38 would have been thinking about squirrel hunting or fishing regulations . But on Tuesday , like everyone else in the mountainous California country known as Big Bear Lake , they were thinking about fugitive ex-cop Christopher Dorner . They were on the lookout for a purple Nissan he might be driving . Two house cleaners told police earlier in the day that a man they thought was Dorner tied them up and took their Nissan . Now police throughout the region , including Fish and Wildlife wardens , were keeping an eye out for it , They spotted two school buses for the Bear Valley Unified School District barreling down the other side of the highway . Driving close behind them was a purple Nissan . After days of false leads , going door-to-door , searching frozen mountain passes , the officers thought this might be the break in the case . The warden at the wheel hit his brakes , trying to make a U-turn on the narrow pine-lined road . An officer radioed in the message that California law enforcement had been waiting for : We found Dorner . And then he was gone again . Dorner apparently realized he 'd been spotted and floored the car , passing the buses and disappearing up the road . It almost worked . The Fish and Wildlife officers passed the buses and -- thinking the Nissan was just around the bend -- kept driving . In reality , the Nissan had turned onto another road , eventually crashing . Sometime later , Dorner came across Rick Heltebrake in a white pickup . Heltebrake instantly recognized the big man as Dorner . "  He just came out of the snow at me with his gun at my head , " Heltebrake told CNN affiliate KTLA . "  He said , ' I do n't want to hurt you . Just get out of the car and start walking . ' " Heltebrake started walking . By this time , two more Fish and Wildlife vehicles , traveling together , had joined the pursuit . An officer in the first vehicle noticed Heltebrake 's white pickup moving fast and erratically down the hill and thought he spotted Dorner in the truck as it passed . But before the first officer had time to warn his colleagues or pick up the radio , Dorner rolled down his window and pumped multiple pistol rounds into the second Fish and Wildlife truck as the two vehicles passed on narrow , twisty Glass Road . One officer got out of the second vehicle and fired multiple rounds from his AR-15 rifle at Dorner 's vehicle . Heltebrake , a ranger at a nearby Boy Scout camp , radioed that he heard gunfire . "  Ten to 20 rounds maybe , " he said . Next , Dorner ditched Heltebrake 's truck , ran into the woods and barricaded himself inside a cabin owned by Candy Martin . The home was built , she said , in the 1920s , to give horse-and-buggy travelers between Redwoods and Big Bear a place to spend the night . Long bursts of gunfire broke through the silence , some of it captured by a reporter working for CNN affiliates KCBS and KCAL , on a cell phone . Two deputies were shot . One of them died later at a hospital . Then the shooting apparently stopped . Dorner found himself surrounded by police , who moved in and began to tear down the walls of the cabin . "  All right , we 're gon na go forward with the burn ... like we talked about , " said a voice on a local police scanner frequency . "  We have fire in the front , he might come out the back . " A single gunshot was heard from inside the cabin . Had Dorner shot himself ? Police will not yet say . At about 6 p.m. local time , the cabin was engulfed in flames , as an American television audience watched live images beamed from news choppers . The piercing sound of exploding ammunition was heard coming from inside the flaming cabin . By 11 p.m. local time , authorities entered the smoldering remnants of the cabin to find charred human remains . Is the body Dorner 's ? Probably . But police are taking no chances . They are waiting for an autopsy to make an announcement of the final determination . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Timeline of Christopher Dorner 's final hours from reports by police , reporters and others "  He just came out of the snow at me with his gun at my head , " said one man Dramatic events included a mountain car chase , firefights and a burning cabin Police scanner voice : "  All right , we 're gon na go forward with the burn ... like we talked about "
CNN  -- More than 300 relatives and friends of missing Flight MH370 passengers marched to the Malaysian Embassy in Beijing Tuesday to express their anger and frustration with Malaysian authorities . Hundreds of uniformed police blocked media from joining the protesters as they approached the gates of the embassy . Relatives despair as weather delays Flight 370 search Many protesters wore white t-shirts that read , "  Please pray for the passengers of MH370 . We pray for their safe return . " Some carried signs with messages of frustration and grief . "  Malaysian government , tell the truth . We 've been waiting too long , " read one . "  Husband , please come home , " said another . Overcome by stress and raw emotion , one woman was carried out from the cordoned area on a stretcher by paramedics . Petition letter Earlier , the protesters had walked on foot from the Lido Hotel , near Beijing 's International Airport , after police prevented them from boarding buses to the embassy . Many relatives have been staying at the hotel since the airliner vanished more than two weeks ago . The protesters left the embassy on buses on Tuesday afternoon after a Malaysian official accepted a petition letter from the families . The previous evening , Malaysia 's prime minister announced that Flight MH370 's last position was in a remote part of the Indian Ocean . Soon after , Malaysian Airlines informed relatives that the lives of all on board the plane had been lost . Relatives at the Lido Hotel screamed and sobbed after hearing the news . The airline has already given family members $ 5,000 in compensation for each passenger aboard the ill-fated flight , and is preparing to make additional payments as the search continues . "  No amount of compensation or consolation will make up for any loss of life , " Malaysia Airlines Chairman Mohamad Nor Yusof said Tuesday . The company is working on an arrangement to fly families to Australia once wreckage is found . Visa fees will be waived for the families of MH370 passengers and crew flying in to Australia , the country 's defense minister David Johnston said Tuesday . Texts criticism Malaysia Airlines has defended its decision to inform the families by text message -- along with phone calls and face-to-face meetings -- that the flight ended in the Indian Ocean . The airline 's CEO , Ahmad Jauhari Yahya , said Tuesday that text messages were used to ensure the nearly 1,000 family members "  heard the tragic news before the world did . " China has asked Malaysia to share any evidence that led it to conclude the airliner crashed in the Indian Ocean with no survivors . CNN 's Yuli Yang , Steven Jiang , Saeed Ahmed , Pauline Chiou and journalist Connie Young contributed to this report .	NEW Protesters leave the Malaysian Embassy in Beijing after official accepts petition Family and friends of MH370 passengers from China march to the embassy in protest NEW Malaysia Airlines offers families compensation Visa fees will be waived for families flying to Australia
An American imprisoned for nearly a month in the United Arab Emirates for taking photos has been released from custody and returning home to Georgia , a family spokeswoman said . Robert Alan Black -- who 'd been in the UAE to speak at an international creativity conference -- had been held in Abu Dhabi 's Al Wathba prison since October 21 after being "  charged with taking pictures of restricted areas , " said Rosemary Rein , the spokeswoman for Friends of Alan Black . A former architect , Black often takes photos of buildings , according to Rein . Doing so is prohibited in some parts of the UAE , particularly in and around government buildings , embassies , military facilities and other places that are considered sensitive . He made a brief court appearance Monday , and was released the following day . "  The court found that the action was committed with no ill-intention , and ordered the minimum fine of 500  UAE dirhams or about US $ 135  , " according to Rein 's statement , which was posted to a "  Free Robert Alan Black " Facebook page . After his release , the 70-year-old headed to his home in Athens , Georgia . "  We 're relieved and happy with this news , " Rein said . "  The international creativity community was concerned about our dear friend and colleague , and we 're glad the matter has been resolved . " Black characterizes himself as an architect , cartoonist , graphic designer , professor and creativity consultant on his website . He has given presentations at more more than 150 creativity conferences on six continents since 1978 , and has written more than 600 articles and a book , "  Broken Crayons : Break Your Crayons and Draw Outside the Lines . " Rein has said Black 's next stop , after the Abu Dhabi conference , was supposed to be Malaysia . But after noticing he had n't posted to social media , she touched base with mutual acquaintances and learned that he 'd never made it to Malaysia .	"  We 're relieved and happy with this news , " family spokeswoman says Family : Robert Alan Black was "  charged with taking pictures of restricted areas " A court frees him after finding he had "  no ill-intention , " says a spokeswoman The creativity consultant had been in the United Arab Emirates for a conference
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A killer bug is spreading like wildfire . Armed guards stand outside the Mexico City Respiratory Hospital to control the flow of people . Streets of one of the world 's biggest cities are eerily empty . Bars and restaurants have been shuttered for days . The president goes on TV to tell workers to stay at home for their own safety . Those who venture outside are clad in surgical masks . Once healthy people are suddenly falling sick and dying from a new disease , H1N1 swine flu . The government swears the situation is under control . But down at the hospital , medics scurry around behind the glass door of an isolation ward . They 're clad from head to toe in biohazard suits , goggles and two pairs of gloves . At the airport , officials set up a barrage of thermal imaging machines . If the picture flashes up red or orange , would-be passengers are whisked off to medical facilities . See where the virus has been confirmed " It may sound like a sci-fi movie . It 's not . Welcome to Mexico City . It 's a nightmare scenario and despite twice-a-day news conferences featuring Mexican Health Minister Jose Angel Cordova , people on the streets fear the virus may be out of control and that the real death toll may be greater than anyone is letting on . Watch how the city has been shut down " "  The measures we 're taking are working and are helping us to slow the spread of the virus . But the situation continues to be serious , " Cordova said at a news conference this week . Government orders to its citizens are clear : wash frequently , do n't shake hands or kiss , and stay away from crowded places . That 's easier said than done . The doors on the subway car snap open at Hidalgo station . Dozens more passengers clad in surgical masks stream on . It 's rush hour deep below the streets of downtown Mexico City . The subway system is the veins of the capital , ferrying millions of people from all social classes to and from work . It 's hot and humid down there and there 's little fresh air . It 's just the kind of crowded place that Mexican authorities say could be a prime breeding ground for swine flu . "  I 'm pretty nervous of this whole virus thing , " welder Frontino Valdez mumbled through one of the masks . Watch passengers packed onto trains trying to protect themselves " Sitting one carriage down , Berta Hernandez , a product demonstrator , tries not to show her panic and applies eyeliner like any other morning . But today she has a problem , she has no intention of lifting her mask to paint on lip gloss . "  I 'm nervous of those people who are n't wearing masks . Maybe they will suddenly sneeze or cough , " she said . In these days of swine flu paranoia , just coughing , or worse sneezing , in the subway , or "  metro " as they call it here , brings black looks from fellow passengers . This has been a strange epidemic since the outset . So far , the Mexican government has been unable to pinpoint where or when this outbreak started . Authorities admit there was an outbreak of influenza in a village in the Gulf Coast state of Veracruz in early April . But only one patient -- 5-year-old Edgar Hernandez -- was diagnosed as having swine flu . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta ask the boy about his symptoms " The international media have taken to calling him "  Patient Zero . " He made a full recovery . So far there 's no evidence a pig farm near his home reported any problems with its livestock . The family has n't explained how little Edgar could have infected a capital city let alone the world . The authorities have n't drawn up a genetic map of Edgar 's illness nor compared it to the lethal strain that swept through Mexico City and other parts of the country . Lethal it is . But getting to the truth of who has really died from the virus is tough . Since midweek , the government abandoned its initial reporting and began to speak only of confirmed swine flu cases and confirmed deaths due to the H1N1 virus . Previously it had also tallied suspected cases and others under observation . In practice , it is taking days for the government to get test results from autopsies and tests . By the time a case is confirmed the patient may be long buried . One afternoon this week , at a cinder block home perched on a hillside in a poor northern neighborhood of Mexico City , a coffin was mounted on the living room table . A steady stream of neighbors filed in to pay their final tribute to a dead 24-year-old . Biting back tears , a young man said his brother had died of "  respiratory problems . " When asked what kind of a person his brother was , he said simply : "  He was an honest man . He never got in any trouble . " The man seemed to be feeling an underlying sense of shame . Suddenly there was a huge stigma attached to swine flu -- like in the early days of AIDS-related deaths -- and Mexican families were keen to dispel notions their loved ones had died of the mutant virus . They did n't want the prying eyes of the media near their home . We wanted to tell their story , observe the wake and follow the funeral . But death is a rite of passage . They had a right to mourn in private . The following day came a tip-off that a 5-year-old girl , Maria Fernanda Garcia , had died . The modest side street outside her home in eastern Mexico City was swarming with police , health workers and civil protection officials . Watch how armed guards were part of Maria Fernanda 's funeral " Little Maria Fernanda 's father appeared briefly and told us we were n't welcome . He was curt when he told us his daughter had died from pneumonia . A medic confirmed the specific cause of death was indeed pneumonia . But he added the hospital was still waiting for test results to confirm whether the underlying cause was swine flu . He conceded that process could take days . But judging by the heavy security , local authorities certainly feared this was another case of the virus . "  These are the prevention measures we must take . This case is still not confirmed but we must take these steps to protect citizens , " said Victor Luna , a member of the public security detail for this district of Mexico City . A few minutes later , the hearse with Maria Fernanda 's body pulled out of the housing complex where she lived . Her dad was clutching a Winnie Pooh cuddly toy as he rode up front . Police and health officials shadowed the funeral cortege to the graveyard . Police guards only permitted immediate family and close friends through the iron gates . Through the bars silent , tearful mourners could be seen weaving through a labyrinth of headstones . Later that afternoon , the family had left Maria Fernanda 's grave -- a tiny patch of newly dug dry earth , not much more than 3 feet long . It was covered with sweet-scented white flowers . The plaque on the grave was a simple hand-painted affair : "  Maria Fernanda . 2004 to 2009 . We love you . "	Every aspect of life has been hit by the spread of H1N1 in Mexico City Citizens told not to shake hands or kiss Even a tragic death of a child brings suspicion , paranoia
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A new Taliban military "  code of conduct " calls for restrictions on suicide attacks aimed at avoiding the killing of civilians , but U.S. and Afghan military officials dismissed the document as propaganda , calling it hypocritical . A Pakistani looks at a bus set on fire by Taliban militants in northwest Pakistan in June . The booklet , obtained by CNN in northwestern Pakistan , has emerged during a crucial moment in the fight between troops and militants in Afghanistan , where battles are raging in the country 's Helmand province and troops work to establish stability for the upcoming presidential elections . "  Suicide attacks should be at high value and important targets because a brave son of Islam should not be used for low value and useless targets , " the code of conduct said . "  In suicide attacks the killing of innocent people and damage to their property should be minimized . " It also says "  all mujahideen must do their best to avoid civilian deaths and injuries and damage to civilian property . " And it says that mujahideen "  should refrain " from disfiguring of people , such as the severing of ears , nose and lips . "  Mujahideen must be well behaved , and treat the people properly , in order to get closer to the hearts of civilian Muslims , " the code said . Lt. Cmdr. Christine Sidenstricker , U.S. military spokeswoman in Kabul , saidit was notable that the document is intended to be "  prescriptive on how the bad guys are supposed to conduct themselves . " Watch why Taliban have brought out new code of conduct " "  Their day to day actions contradict everything in it , " Sidenstricker said . "  The long and the short of it is , they do n't operate in accordance to their code of conduct . " She said more than 60 percent of civilians killed have been killed by the Taliban , and since January , more than 450 innocent Afghans have been killed and more than 1,000 others have been injured . Watch why Taliban are proving hard to uproot " Also , half the casualties resulting from roadside bombs were civilians . "  The booklet also says suicide attacks should always be done against high-ranking officials . In reality , they have killed more then 200 Afghan civilians , " she said . Afghanistan Defense Ministry spokesman Gen. Zaher Azimi said the code is " propaganda " and that the Taliban "  will never implement that . " He cites a recent beheading of a retired Afghan soldier as a clear example of the group 's real behavior . "  It was against all the laws of war , " Azimi said . As far as the upcoming election , Azimi said , the Taliban has tried its best in the past "  to disrupt the normal process of peace and security , and they will try their best to disrupt the peace and security process in the future . " The code of conduct is dated as coming into effect on May 9 , 2009 . It is similar to a previous document that emerged in 2006 and covers many topics . For example , it says "  kidnapping for ransom is strictly prohibited . " As for prisoners , the code says "  it is strictly prohibited to exchange prisoners for money . Killing can only be decided by the Imam or his deputy . No one else has the right to do so . " It says an imam or his deputy are on the only ones to make decisions on whether to kill , release of exchange a captured "  military infidel . " Further , it says the practice of taking weapons from people by force "  is no longer permitted . " "  But people may hand over their weapons voluntarily , " it said . And it says that the "  mujahideen of the Islamic Emirate should not collect donations forcibly " and that "  people should be free to choose who they want to give to . " It said mujahideen should n't search peoples ' homes . "  If there is a need to do this , they should get permission from authority and the search should be done in the presence of the imam of the local mosque and two elders . " The code said mujahids are n't permitted to smoke and that "  a male who has not yet grown a beard may not stay in a common sleeping area with other men . " CNN 's National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said the militants "  clearly " are aware of the need to win "  hearts and minds " and are trying to rectify the "  mistakes " of al Qaeda in Iraq . "  They have their own counter-insurgency strategy in winning hearts and minds , " Bergen said . "  This is a corrective , absolutely . " He said "  there 's a window for both sides to make some progress " and the Taliban want to exploit the moment . "  The Taliban believe they are either winning or not losing . If you are an insurgent not losing is important , " he said . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Tim Schwarz and Joe Sterling and journalist Janullah Hashimzadeh contributed to this report	Taliban issues a new code of conduct to show it is a disciplined force Code outlines rules to limit suicide attacks and civilian casualties U.S. and Afghan officials dismiss rules as propaganda and hypocritical
The recent fighting in Iraq has posed a serious challenge to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and his government , raising questions about his ability to hold the country together amid a rising insurgency . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday that the United States will help the Iraqi government in the battle against al Qaeda-linked fighters in western Iraq , but he stressed it wo n't send troops . Here are five questions about the deteriorating situation : 1 . I thought the Iraq war was over . Why is there still fighting ? Well , actually last year was the deadliest since 2008 . The number of dead reached its worst levels since the height of the Iraq war , when sectarian fighting between the country 's Shiite majority and its Sunni minority pushed it to the brink of civil war . Those tensions continue to be fueled by widespread discontent among the Sunnis , who say they are marginalized by the Shiite-led government and unfairly targeted by heavy-handed security tactics . Al-Maliki tells troops not to strike Falluja neighborhoods Sunni anger has made it easier for al Qaeda-linked militants to recruit and operate while eroding the public 's cooperation with security forces . Violence has flared in recent days because of the arrest of a Sunni lawmaker in Ramadi and the dismantling of protest sites by the army in Falluja and Ramadi . Sunnis have rejected the authority of the government , and some Sunni officers in the army have deserted to fight Iraqi forces and attack police stations and prisons . Now fears are mounting that national elections in April will bring more violence and descend into civil war . 2 . Wait , I thought al Qaeda was on the run ? Now they control parts of Iraq ? The U.S. made impressive gains in weakening the so-called "  core al Qaeda " leadership in Afghanistan and Pakistan , but affiliate groups , specifically in Iraq , are gaining strength . Since the 2011 withdrawal of U.S. troops , the Sunni-led group tied to al Qaeda , known as the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham  ISIS  , has staged a comeback amid Iraq 's growing sectarian tensions and launched a series of bloody attacks on government buildings and personnel , killing thousands of civilians . ISIS has been working doggedly to exploit the security vacuum across Iraq . Conflicting reports say ISIS this weekend captured the western city of Falluja and took control of most parts of the principal capital of Ramadi . Iraqi troops are now battling insurgents in both places for control . 3 . Falluja and Ramadi were pretty important to the U.S. during the Iraq war . Is n't the U.S. going to help ? Both were important battlegrounds for the U.S. during the Iraq war . Falluja was an insurgent stronghold until U.S. Marines fought their bloodiest battle of the war in 2004 to drive militants out . In Ramadi , the U.S. supported the "  Awakening , " in which tribal leaders turned on al Qaeda and aligned themselves with American and Iraqi forces to secure Anbar province . That was a turning point in the war . Now that U.S. troops are all out of Iraq , Washington is not eager to go back in . Kerry said Sunday the U.S. would help the Iraqis in their fight against al Qaeda , but "  this is their fight . " Kerry : We 'll help Iraq but not send troops 4 . What does Syria have to do with it ? The international community has long been concerned about spillover from the civil war in Syria , and the conflict is clearly helping to fuel violence and tensions in neighboring and tensions in Iraq . ISIS was formerly known as al Qaeda in Iraq but was renamed to reflect its growing ambitions in Syria and Lebanon . Their goal is to establish a single Islamic state , or caliphate , based on sharia law . Anbar province shares a 400-mile border with Syria and because of the power vacuum there , ISIS fighters move back and forth between the countries and mount attacks on both sides of the border . But with recent setbacks in Syria , ISIS has increased its attention to Iraq . 5 . I heard these ISIS guys are in Lebanon , too ? This region is a mess . There are signs ISIS may have its sights on Lebanon as well . The group said it carried out a suicide bombing on Thursday in a Hezbollah-controlled southern suburb of Beirut . And it warned about more attacks against Hezbollah if it continued to send fighters to Syria to defend Syrian President Bashar al-Assad against the rebels . Weak governments in Iraq , Syria and Lebanon have helped al Qaeda gain strength , and now Kerry calls ISIS "  the most dangerous players in the region . " Iraq , Syria and Lebanon are all seen by many experts as proxy wars between Shiite Iran and Saudi Arabia , a Sunni nation . A full-blown civil war in Iraq , in addition to Syria , could further increase sectarian tensions and destabilize the region . Still out there and growing -- al Qaeda on the rebound U.S. sending missiles , drones to help Iraq government	Last year was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 Security void in Iraq has allowed al Qaeda-linked groups to strengthen Al Qaeda-linked groups are mounting attacks on both sides of Iraq 's border with Syria
CNN  -- Pop star Michael Jackson will avoid foreclosure on his Neverland Ranch property with a new loan , a Jackson insider told CNN Wednesday . Michael Jackson owes millions of dollars on his sprawling property in the Santa Ynez Valley in California . Documents show that Neverland Ranch in Los Olivos , California , is scheduled for a public auction on March 19 at Santa Barbara 's downtown courthouse . But the Jackson source said that wo n't happen . "  Michael Jackson 's ranch is not going to be auctioned off at the courthouse , " the Jackson insider said . "  The financing is all being worked out . " "  There are plenty of lenders willing to work with him . The real estate market is very bad right now and Jackson is being affected just like many other Americans , " the source said . The Santa Barbara County Recorder 's Web site lists a "  notice of trustees sale " by Jackson and his property lenders , Financial Title Company , filed Monday . In California , title companies typically represent lenders in foreclosure cases . A notice of trustees sale can not be posted earlier than 90 days after a notice of default is filed . That notice is not filed unless a loan is in substantial default , sometimes six months or more past due . A real estate source inside Santa Barbara County said the trustees filing is only the first step in a long process that could drag on for months . The real estate source said other options are available to Jackson , including selling the ranch directly to another party or making a payment on his $ 24.5 million Neverland debt that would satisfy the trustee . The recorder 's Web site also reveals there was a release of lien on Jackson on February 4 , showing he paid off all or part of delinquent taxes to the state of California . "  It seems unlikely that someone would pay off back taxes , only to let the ranch go up for auction a few weeks later , " said the real estate source . Jackson has not lived at Neverland since June 2005 , after a Santa Barbara County jury found him not guilty of child molestation charges . E-mail to a friend	A public auction has been set for March 19 , according to court documents Jackson owes $ 24.5 million on the property Jackson insider : "  The financing is all being worked out " The singer has not lived at Neverland Ranch since June 2005
Sen. Rand Paul has spent quite a bit of time reaching out to liberals over the past year , and that list apparently now includes Bill Maher . Paul , a libertarian-leaning Republican from Kentucky , and Maher , a comedian who shares some of Paul 's libertarian views , had drinks two weeks ago , Maher told the liberal news outlet Salon . The two met not long after Maher said on his HBO show that Paul is "  interesting " and could "  possibly " get his vote . If the 2016 presidential race came down to Paul and Hillary Clinton , Maher said he might consider backing Paul . Affleck , Maher in heated debate about Islam Maher said he was most attracted to Paul because of the senator 's general views on foreign policy , though he 's not a fan of his recent support for bombing ISIS . "  He 's great on ending the empire , not getting into any more foreign entanglements -- I 'm even to the left of him on the bombing  of ISIS  ; he wants to keep bombing ISIS , I want us to stop bombing altogether , " he said . While Maher donated $ 1 million to a super PAC backing President Barack Obama in 2012 , he has been less than enthusiastic about a potential Clinton presidency , especially when it comes to her foreign policy . Rand Paul 's campus challenge But Maher told Salon there 's stark daylight between him and Paul on a different issue . "  I had drinks with him about two weeks ago . He 's a nice guy , he 's a smart guy . My big problem is I asked him about the environment , which is my big issue , " Maher said . "  He had made a comment that was very similar to what Dick Cheney said about a month or two ago , which was basically , ` Why are we talking the environment when ISIS is out there ? ' I said , ` Senator , y' know , you sounded just like Dick Cheney . ' " Last month , Paul blasted Clinton for saying climate change marked the "  most consequential , urgent , sweeping collection of challenges we face . " "  I do n't think we really want a commander in chief who 's battling climate change instead of terrorism , " Paul said on Fox News . Maher said that Paul 's answer on the environment was "  wholly unsatisfactory " and that the senator would lose his vote based entirely on that issue unless Paul comes up with a better answer . "  This is the deal-breaker issue with me . You 've got to be good on this or , I 'm sorry , not going to happen , " Maher said . "  Real Time with Bill Maher " airs on HBO , which , like CNN , is a division of Time Warner .	Rand Paul and Bill Maher had drinks , according to Maher The comedian has said he 's open to backing Paul in 2016 But Maher says Paul 's views on climate change may be a deal breaker
CNN  -- Google search is about to get way more personal . In a change that 's been called the "  most radical transformation ever " to Google 's search engine , the Mountain View , California , company on Tuesday announced an update called "  Search , plus Your World , " which causes Google 's robots to incorporate data from its social network as well as the public Internet when delivering search results to people . "  Search is pretty amazing at finding that one needle in a haystack of billions of Web pages , images , videos , news and much more , " Google said in a blog post on Tuesday morning . "  But clearly , that is n't enough . You should also be able to find your own stuff on the Web , the people you know and things they 've shared with you , as well as the people you do n't know but might want to ... all from one search box . " The company added : "  Search is simply better with your world in it . " On the prominent blog Search Engine Land , Danny Sullivan writes that the updates fundamentally change the way Google 's search engine functions , calling it the "  most radical " change ever . "  The new system will perhaps make life much easier for some people , allowing them to find both privately shared content from friends and family plus material from across the Web through a single search , rather than having to search twice using two different systems , " he writes . "  However , Search Plus Your World may cause some privacy worries , as private content may appear as if it is exposed publicly  it is not  . It might also cause concern by making private content more visible to friends and family than those sharing may have initially intended . " On the blog Tech Crunch , Jason Kincaid gives an example search to help explain the changes . Say you were to Google "  Harry Potter , " he writes . "  For most people , this would probably pull up links to the books , the films , and a variety of fan sites . For this intrepid reporter , though , the results would also include my Picasa album shot at a Harry Potter premiere a few years back  and labeled as such  . These images would pop up both in the main search results page , and in Google Images results . Likewise , any blog posts my friends had shared on Google + about the boy wizard would show up in my results , too . " It 's worth noting that Google users who do n't like these new personal results can turn them off . A toggle switch that controls personal results should appear in the upper right corner of a search results page , the company says . Click "  no personal results " to avoid seeing the social content . The social search results started rolling out on Tuesday but may not be visible to all users . Google says the social search applies , for now , only to people who are signed in to Google.com and are searching in English . The update causes Google to surface material that is specifically related to the person who is searching . So my search results wo n't be the same as yours , if I 'm signed in to Google . Things my friends have posted on Google + and Picasa will show up in the results as well , as long as they have entered caption info about their photos . Google + profile and topic pages also will get better play in search results after the change . Miguel Helft , a senior writer at Fortune , which is a CNN.com partner website , says the change has the bonus effect for Google of giving lots and lots of exposure to its social network , Google + , which is aimed to be a direct competitor to Facebook . "  The change will expose Google + profiles , as well as posts and photographs uploaded to the network , to hundreds of millions of search users whether or not they have Google + accounts . In many cases , the changes will push content from other sites , including Facebook , further down on the search results pages , " he writes on Fortune.com . Helft adds that social search has long been a "  holy grail " in tech . "  Facebook has been working with Microsoft to allow that company 's search engine , Bing , to surface more personalized content , " he writes . "  And the Facebook platform has allowed countless services , like Yelp , Pandora and Spotify , to become more personal by showing users content that is relevant to their Facebook friends . " But the change is also likely to upset competitors who complain that Google gives preferential treatment to content from its own products -- from Google + to YouTube , he writes .	Google adds social , personal content to its search results Change is called the "  most radical ever " by a prominent search-engine blogger The update incorporates more data and photos from Google + Google is trying to promote its social network and compete with Facebook
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  On a bright , clear morning in April 2013 , two professional poker players from California were heading west on Interstate 80 in rural Iowa when they were stopped by two Iowa State Troopers . Before that stop was over , the officers had seized $ 100,000 , which the men said was money to play poker . The troopers also called ahead to California authorities , who raided the men 's homes and ultimately indicted one of them , John Newmerzhycky , on a charge of illegal possession of drug paraphernalia . If this sounds unusual and way out of the ordinary , it is n't . The seizure is just one of thousands of highway stops that state and local authorities call "  interdictions : " Roadside stops aimed at catching drug dealers or even terrorists , but which can also result in cash seizures alone with no criminal charges attached . It 's called Civil Asset Forfeiture , and it was started in the early 1980s by the Justice Department . It has since migrated to thousands of state and local jurisdictions nationwide . The program , when it originated , was meant to target and take money authorities believed was connected to crimes . A legal advocacy group based in Washington called the Institute for Justice has been battling Civil Asset Forfeiture for years . "  It violates due process for Americans , " said Larry Salzman , an attorney for the group . "  It 's wrong . It 's a simple premise that the government should not be taking money from people who have done nothing wrong . It should n't be taking money from people who have not been charged , let alone convicted , of any crime . " In the case of the two poker players in Iowa , months after their money was taken , they reached a settlement in which most of the money -- $ 90,000 -- was returned . They told CNN they believed it was the best deal they could have made at the time . Now , however , they are suing to get the rest of the money back and have asked for unspecified damages . The state of Iowa is n't giving it back and is not backing down . "  It has had widespread and deep impacts on my life , " said William "  Bart " Davis , one of the two poker players . "  It 's my primary focus right now . It 's made me aware of the things I was unaware of . And made me angry . " Other examples are rife . In a small Nevada county two hours driving time east of Reno , a single deputy sheriff has been responsible for more than a dozen cash seizures in 2014 alone , according to a lawsuit filed on behalf of motorists whose money was taken . That deputy , Lee Dove , asks one motorist in a dash-cam video how much money he has on hand . When the driver answers , Dove said , quote , "  It 's not counted is it ? Well , I 'm seizing it . " Dove was so proud of his cash seizures that he autographed photos of himself with a bundle of money at his feet , accompanied by his K-9 dog . CNN wanted to ask him about the seizures but he did n't answer when our team approached his security gate just after nightfall . As we were driving away a few minutes later , two Humboldt County Sheriff 's deputies pulled us over even though we had n't done anything wrong . One of them said their colleague , Dove , "  had been going through a tough time " and had called them to complain about our presence . The newly elected sheriff in Humboldt County , Mike Allen , said Dove is still with the department but has been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of a state investigation . Allen said the entire program is suspended pending that investigation and that any future stops must have a clear connection to criminal activity . "  I want to know what crime they 're investigating , and what evidence do they have to substantiate that crime before any property is seized , " Allen said . The Justice Department recently said it was backing away from the civil asset forfeiture actions it had been taking for nearly three decades . Its records show it seized more than $ 6 million in the most recent fiscal year . Now , the department says it wo n't benefit from most seizures any longer . "  With this new policy , effective immediately , the Justice Department is taking an important step to prohibit federal agency adoptions of state and local seizures , except for public safety reasons , " said Attorney General Eric Holder . Critics like the Institute for Justice , however , say that does n't mean the elimination of the practice . The institute 's president , Scott Bullock predicted it will continue in most states around the country .	Local authorities have seized property from motorists not charged with anything Two poker players sued after they had $ 100,000 in winnings seized Department of Justice recently said it was backing away from civil asset forfeiture actions
CNN  Newly released al Qaeda documents , including letters to and from Osama bin Laden in the year or so before his May 2011 death , show an organization that understood it had severe problems resulting from the CIA drone program that was killing many of the group 's leaders in Pakistan 's tribal regions bordering Afghanistan . As a result of this pressure , al Qaeda officials were seriously considering relocating elements of the organization to other countries such as Afghanistan or Iran . They also entered into ceasefire discussions through intermediaries with elements of Pakistan 's intelligence service , ISI , although the documents suggest that nothing came of these discussions and there is no evidence in the documents indicating that the Pakistani government had any clue about bin Laden 's location or presence in Pakistan . CIA efforts to spy on the group and kill its leaders were so effective that in June 2010 an al Qaeda official urged bin Laden , "  You should have fewer exchanges of correspondence with us during this period . Make the period between contacts longer and further apart . Take excessive caution and care , especially this year . " This was wise counsel . Within a few weeks of this letter being written , the CIA would track bin Laden 's trusted courier to his longtime hideout in Abbottabad , Pakistan , and on May 1 , 2011 , a U.S. Navy SEAL operation ordered by President Barack Obama killed al Qaeda 's leader . The new al Qaeda documents are part of a trove of many thousands that the SEALs recovered at bin Laden 's compound . Several were released during the Brooklyn trial last month of al Qaeda operative Abid Naseer . Seventeen of these documents had also been released around the first anniversary of bin Laden 's death . It 's long past time for the government to release more of these thousands of captured documents -- with any necessary redactions for national security purposes -- as they help us to understand better what precipitated the decline and fall of the terrorist group that once dominated the attention of the world , just as ISIS does today . The documents show how al Qaeda 's 9/11 operation unleashed so much force against it , including the CIA drone program , that it had to hide in the shadows and could n't pull off any successful operation in the West for many years before the death of bin Laden . The documents demonstrate that almost a decade after 9/11 al Qaeda was struggling to get any kind of operation going against Western targets . In a report on "  external operations , " an al Qaeda official explained that a plot to attack the U.S. Embassy in Russia had fizzled and that despite sending al Qaeda members to the UK to hit "  several targets " these operations had also come to nothing . Al Qaeda had also sent "  three brothers " on a terrorist mission to Denmark , a country that bin Laden loathed because of the publication by a Danish newspaper of cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed , but had "  lost contact with them . " Given all the problems the group was having , an al Qaeda strategist suggested refocusing efforts on carrying out terrorist attacks using the "  simplest things such as household knives , gas tanks , fuel , diesel and others like airplanes , trains and cars as killing tools . " 2011 : U.S. offers details about bin Laden raid A major theme of the documents is how much punishment the CIA drone program was inflicting on al Qaeda . Al Qaeda officials considered moving to Nuristan , a remote mountainous region of eastern Afghanistan , or to other parts of Pakistan such as Sindh or Balochistan and even to Iran , which had been a key sanctuary for a number of al Qaeda 's leaders after the fall of the Taliban in late 2001 . Al Qaeda mulled opening an office in Iran , but "  we backed off this idea due to financial costs and other considerations . " In a letter to bin Laden , an al Qaeda official provided a vivid description of the death by drone of Mustafa Yazid , then the No. 3 leader of the group , on the night of May 22 , 2010 . The al Qaeda official wrote that Yazid was staying at the house of a "  well-known " supporter of al Qaeda when a drone started making "  distinctive loops that we all know and all the brothers have experienced . They all know that if a plane starts doing these turns , it is going to strike . " Yazid and his wife and three daughters and granddaughter were all killed in the drone strike , according to the official . The official lamented that drones are "  still circling our skies every day " and the only relief from them came when weather conditions worsened and there was cloud cover . The official wrote but "  then they come back when the sky is clear . " Al Qaeda had tried to use jamming technology and to hack into the drones "  but no result so far , " according to the al Qaeda official . Underlining al Qaeda 's weakness , during the summer of 2010 the group was contemplating some kind of ceasefire with the Pakistani government and had entered into negotiations with it via intermediaries to explain that al Qaeda 's battle was "  primarily against the Americans . You became part of the battle when you sided with the Americans . If you were to leave us and our affairs alone , we would leave you alone . " Highlights of bin Laden documents released in 2012 The documents show that such a ceasefire was purely tactical rather than the beginning of some kind of rapprochement between al Qaeda and the Pakistanis . At one point an al Qaeda official referred to "  bin Laden 's call to jihad against the apostate government of Pakistan . " Apostasy is a grave crime in Islam and punishable by death in the eyes of members of al Qaeda . According to the documents , Pakistani intelligence officials "  reached out to " al Qaeda through longtime jihadist sympathizers who had formerly held positions in the Pakistani intelligence agency , ISI , as well as the leaders of militant groups such as the Haqqani Taliban faction that have contacts with the ISI . The documents suggest that nothing came of these discussions , and there is no evidence in them that the Pakistanis had any idea that bin Laden was in Pakistan or indeed was even alive . Bergen in 2013 : Bin Laden 's life on the run Moreover during the course of reporting the book "  Manhunt , " about the CIA 's long search for bin Laden , I spoke to several senior U.S. officials who said that the U.S. intelligence community was covertly monitoring the communications of Pakistani army chief Ashfaq Parvez Kayani and ISI director Ahmed Shuja Pasha the night of the bin Laden raid and they were both surprised about him being in Abbottabad . The documents did show one area of real success for al Qaeda , which was kidnapping for ransom , a tactic ISIS has been using so effectively . In 2008 , al Qaeda had captured Afghanistan 's former ambassador to Pakistan , Abdul Khaliq Farahi . After two years of negotiations he was exchanged for $ 5 million . An al Qaeda official told bin Laden that some of this money would be a "  gift " to him "  from all the brothers . " Bin Laden cautioned al Qaeda 's leaders to be careful with the ransom money , as it might have to last the terrorist group several years . The documents show that al Qaeda 's leaders were in contact with Tayeb Agha , a close aide to Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar . Agha has met with U.S. officials on a number of occasions to discuss peace negotiations . 2011 : How U.S. forces killed Osama bin Laden Far from the image of the isolated man in the cave that was prevalent before he was killed , the documents portray bin Laden as a hands-on manager of al Qaeda . In a 10-page letter that bin Laden wrote in August 2010 , he had reams of advice for the al Qaeda-aligned group Al-Shabaab in Somalia , ordering that the group not attack Sufi Muslims in Somalia and also suggesting a plan to assassinate the President of neighboring Uganda who had sent his troops to fight Al-Shabaab . Bin Laden gave detailed notes about how Al-Shabaab could raise its agricultural output by using small dams for irrigation , and he suggested planting palm olive trees imported from Indonesia . He also advised Al-Shabaab against cutting down too many trees because it is "  dangerous for the environment of the region . " Bin Laden had lived in nearby Sudan in the mid - '90s , establishing a number of business and farming enterprises . Bin Laden , something of a micromanager , told his top lieutenant to "  send us the resumes of all the brothers who may be nominated now or in the future for important management positions . " He also cautioned against sending any emails , including even encrypted ones , urging that hand-delivered letters were the only safe method of communication . Bergen on 2012 documents : Seized documents show delusional leader and micromanager Bin Laden also ordered that some of the tens of thousands of documents leaked by U.S. Army Pvt. Bradley Manning to WikiLeaks in 2010 be translated so that al Qaeda could better understand "  the enemy 's policies in the region . " And he suggested that his lieutenants reach out to Ahmed Zaidan , an Al Jazeera reporter based in Pakistan who had interviewed bin Laden in the past , so that he could have plenty of time to prepare a report to mark the 10th anniversary of 9/11 . Bin Laden said he did n't want Zaidan to interview any members of his family , but he told his team to get in touch with the reporter "  promptly " to get a sense of the questions he wanted bin Laden to answer . Bin Laden was killed four months before the 10th anniversary of 9/11 . As the new al Qaeda documents make clear he died knowing that his dream of another terrorism spectacular in the West was just that : a dream . And the organization that he had founded was in deep trouble because of the CIA drone program . Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly said bin Laden had lived in Somalia .	New documents show al Qaeda 's desperate straits in Osama bin Laden 's final years Peter Bergen : Drone program took severe toll ; terror group unable to mount major operation
Washington  CNN  -- For overweight Americans , and those looking for a healthier lifestyle , the claim was almost too good to be true -- wear Skechers Shape-ups footwear and watch the pounds melt away . At a news conference Wednesday , the Federal Trade Commission said the shoemaker 's claims were n't true and alleged Skechers violated federal law by misleading consumers . According to the FTC , Skechers agreed to pay a hefty $ 40 million fine to settle charges the California-based company deceived consumers by making "  unfounded claims that Shape-ups would help people lose weight , and strengthen and tone their buttocks , legs and abdominal muscles . " The company enlisted high-profile celebrities Kim Kardashian and Brooke Burke to sell the shoes . Besides Shape-ups , Skechers also made deceptive claims about other products including Resistance Runner , Toners and Tone-up shoes , the FTC alleges . "  Skechers ' unfounded claims went beyond stronger and more toned muscles . The company even made claims about weight loss and cardiovascular health , " said David Vladeck , director of the FTC 's Bureau of Consumer Protection . As part of the settlement , customers who bought Skechers "  toning " shoes will be eligible for refunds either directly from the FTC or through a court-approved class-action lawsuit , officials said . Wednesday 's announcement was the culmination of a months-long investigation involving the FTC and attorneys general from 44 states and the District of Columbia . FTC officials highlighted a Skechers television ad featuring the endorsement of chiropractor Dr. Steven Gautreau . In the ad , Gautreau cited an "  independent " clinical study he conducted testing the shoes ' benefits . The FTC said the study results Gautreau promoted were n't factual , and alleged the company hid the fact that Gautreau is married to a Skechers marketing executive . The FTC also said Gautreau was compensated for his endorsement , which was n't made clear in the commercial . Skechers introduced Shape-ups in 2009 , and sales peaked a year later . The FTC called Skechers an industry leader in the booming business of toning footwear . Estimated sales were close to $ 1 billion industrywide in 2010 , the FTC said . The toning shoes Skechers sold cost between $ 60 and $ 100 a pair . As part of an expensive campaign to promote the fitness benefits of Shape-ups , the company unveiled a scantly dressed Kim Kardashian peddling the shoes during the Super Bowl in 2011 . Brooke Burke 's ads claimed the shoes would help improve her cousin 's posture , mother 's legs and give her brother a tighter core . Additionally , Burke 's ad told consumers "  the newest way to burn calories and tone and strengthen muscles was to tie their Shape-up shoe laces , " the FTC said . "  The FTC 's message , for Skechers and other national advertisers , is to shape up your substantiation or tone down your claims , " Vladeck said . Under the FTC 's settlement , the company is barred from any advertising making similar claims unless it 's backed up by scientific evidence . What Skechers plans to do with the Shape-ups brand remains to be seen . An ad featuring Burke touting "  the next generation of Shape-ups " remained on the company 's website Wednesday morning . According to the FTC , the commission files a complaint when it has "  reason to believe " that the law has been or is being violated . The FTC says despite Skechers agreement to pay a fine , the complaint is not a court ruling or an admission that the company violated any law .	FTC official : Skechers ' claims "  went beyond stronger and more toned muscles " They also said shoes would help "  weight loss and cardiovascular health , " official says Customers who bought Skechers "  toning " shoes will be eligible for refunds Sales of toning footwear approached $ 1 billion industrywide in 2010 , FTC says
Raleigh , North Carolina  CNN  -- Mikayla Raleigh probably ca n't remember what french fries taste like ; she last ate them when she was 13 . Instead of candy bars , she downs whole grain energy bars . She eats almonds because she 's read that they help with balance . She 's an athlete who watches precisely what she eats but focuses on her training and her teammates . The 16-year-old high school student knows that to win gold , everything has to be perfect , from her technique to her health to her coordination . The ultimate goal : leading her team to a world championship . She works out just about every day in the weeks leading up to the competition , and some practices last three hours . Mikayla , a rising cross-country star , is n't preparing for a race . She 's getting ready to compete with 19 other girls for a world championship in all-star cheerleading . More than 200,000 athletes take part in competitive cheerleading where high-flying stunts , powerful tumbling and tight synchronization yield winning scores in a growing network of competitions . The most prestigious event is the World Championship of All Star Cheerleading , held annually in early May . "  Like I tell everyone , it 's like the Olympics of cheerleading , " Mikayla told CNN just before her team competed in the event . "  There 's just nothing that compares to the feeling of hitting a hard stunt or flipping through the air and then hearing the crowd roar when you hit it . If you experience it , it 's just like the happiest feeling ever because ... they 're hard skills and they 're exciting skills . " Mikayla cheers for Cheer Extreme Allstars , which has six gyms in North Carolina  and one in Virginia  and more than 900 athletes in the program . Mikayla trains at one of the team 's bigger facilities , in Raleigh . The team 's website claims "  850 national championship titles and counting . " Cheer Extreme 's large senior team won world championships in 2010 . Mikayla is on a smaller team , with 20 girls  plus alternates  . She wants to bring another title trophy back to Raleigh . Her training is intense , probably the most fanatical on the team . "  She is one of those kids that would be in the gym 23 hours of a 24-hour day every day if she could . It means that much to her , " said Kelly Smith , Mikayla 's coach . Mikayla writes down every workout because she said it makes her accountable and helps her train smarter . Her log has notes on all of her practices and at-home sessions since last year 's world championships . "  So I 've done 224 since , " she told CNN in April . Winning over the judges in 150 seconds The routines in competitive cheerleading , known as all-star cheerleading , are 2 1/2 minutes of music-pumping dance and quickly executed cheerleading stunts mixed with gymnastic moves . "  It 's not traditional pompom . The sole purpose of your team is to compete against others . I really ca n't stand pompom . I like the athletic part of it and like the stunts and tumbling , and that 's what I 'm really into , " Mikayla said . Maddie Gardner , an 18-year-old member of the Cheer Extreme world championship team , cheers for her high school team , too , but said there is a huge difference between the two teams . Especially since at school , she cheers for other athletes to win , and with Cheer Extreme , she 's part of the team . "  It 's representing yourself and being part of something that 's just so special , " she said . And it 's special to a lot of girls . Most of the girls on the top Cheer Extreme teams have their parents drive them for two hours or more from other cities to the two main practice facilities .  The other is in central North Carolina in Kernersville . Cheer Extreme co-owner and head coach Courtney Pope said many of the girls get home from school , pack a bag , jump in the car at 4 p.m. , get to practice at 6 , practice until 9  or 9:30  , then head home , getting into bed about midnight . Homework is usually done in the car . One girl is from Orlando but stays with a host family in North Carolina . For many this is the pinnacle of their times as cheerleaders . Some do go on to cheer in college , a few assisted by scholarship or stipend money . Jim Chadwick , president of the United States All Star Federation -- the governing body of the sport -- said parents and kids should n't sink a lot of money into cheerleading hoping it leads to college grant money . The payoff comes from the friends you make and the way being a part of a team prepares you for being an adult , he said "  People should participate in this because of the life skills you get from it , " he said by phone . "  And if , oh by the way , you are able to get some help on a scholarship , then that 's a plus . " To compete at the elite level can take $ 3,000 to $ 5,000 a year -- on level with travel soccer teams , he said . It takes commitment Pope said the team practices every week of the year . It 's just the number of sessions and the intensity of them that varies . During the summer , the kids do miss time for vacation , but the gym is open most days of the year . Pope said they even practice while schools are closed for Christmas break so the girls can maintain fitness and avoid getting hurt because they were a bit out of shape when they tried a move . And practices sometimes take up big chunks of the day -- especially for the coaches . Pope , who looks over 22 teams through the week , said on the primary practice days of Saturday and Sunday , she is at the gym for 10 to 11 hours . Each team usually puts in two to three hours . All that time on the mat can make a mind and body weak . But Pope said that 's OK . "  If you only come in and you hit when you 're perfect , then you do n't know how to fix things when they go wrong , " she said . "  That 's the way that we 're able to , you know , maintain such a high level of , of accuracy in competition because we do n't just do it when we 're perfect , we do it when we 're going to make a mistake , and they have to get through it anyway . " The governing body does n't want athletes getting in over their heads so they issue guidelines to who can do what . Coaches and athletes are certified , Chadwick said . That means coaches have to have someone attest to their training . There is a written component where the coaches demonstrate they have read the rules and safety guidelines , he said . "  And there 's a hands-on portion where they actually have to show our testers the proper technique for spotting various cheerleading moves and stunts , " he said . Braces and braces Watch a video of the Cheer Extreme team and you 'll notice several girls have braces -- on their teeth and on their ankles . But Pope said the sport is n't that risky . "  We have had surprisingly few career-ending or long-term injuries , " she said . "  We roll some ankles here and there or have some strained wrists or tendinitis and that kind of thing , but it is not superiorly dangerous by any stretch of the imagination . " Published studies on reported injuries generally focus on high school and college cheerleading , where participants often practice on hard gym floors . While admitting more can be done to keep athletes safe , all-star cheerleading advocates say they use bouncy gymnastics floors , require safety rules be followed and use plenty of spotters . They point out that while the number of injuries has increased in the past decade , the number of participants has grown even more and the cheerleading season is longer than other sports . Still year-round strain on a body and mind can lead to mishaps . Both Mikayla and Gardner had injury concerns going into the world championships . Gardner lost sleep over a mild knee injury that threatened to keep her from competing . But she said that even if she were in a cast , she would still be in the lineup "  because that 's how much I care about the team and the sport . " Growth period Chadwick said the popularity of cheerleading is stabilizing in the United States , but internationally the sport is seeing the kind of growth this country saw about 10 years ago . Pope said membership increases at Cheer Extreme by double-digit percentages each year . Many of the girls on the senior teams have been in the program for years . They have grown to be close friends , Pope said , and the challenges of cheerleading make them better people . "  I truly believe that this experience and the life lessons and the teamwork ... and all the things that are gained from being with a group of people for 10 years like this and traveling together -- the same kids , is just immeasurably important down the road , " she said . And Gardner said that despite the long days of practice , she feels like she 's not missing out on life . "  I feel like I 'm experiencing an even more exciting teenaged time period because I get to do all these things that other people my age do n't get to do , " she said . "  And even though it may seem like I 'm missing out on a lot of the typical activities that teenagers participate in , I get to do all of that and more because my team is like my group of friends that I get to hang out with every day . " CNN 's Courtney Yager and Sandra Endo contributed to this report .	All-star cheerleading combines gymnastics , dance and cheerleading moves Cheer Extreme is a North Carolina-based program with a winning tradition Many girls practice 2 to 3 hours several days a week to perfect their routines The prestigious world championships are held each May
A Swedish appeals court on Thursday denied WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange 's latest request to dismiss an arrest warrant for alleged rape and molestation -- cases that he says are false and politically motivated . Assange , 43 , has been living in London 's Ecuadorian Embassy for more than two years to avoid extradition to Sweden , where prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . Assange , who has not been charged , denies the allegations and says he fears Sweden would extradite him to the United States , where he could face the death penalty if he is charged and convicted of publishing government secrets through WikiLeaks . The Australia native has argued the warrant should be dismissed because , in part , Swedish authorities refuse to interview him at the Ecuadorian Embassy , thereby prolonging a preliminary investigation that he says should have concluded long ago . The appellate court nodded to this argument , agreeing that "  the failure of the prosecutors to examine alternative avenues is not in line with their obligation ... to move the preliminary investigation forward . " But it concluded that , in balance , the arrest warrant must remain in effect because the crimes alleged are serious and because "  there is a great risk that he will flee and thereby evade legal proceedings if the detention order is set aside . " "  In the view of the court of appeal , these circumstances mean that the reasons for detention still outweigh the intrusion or other detriment entailed by the detention order , " appellate judges wrote in Thursday 's ruling . Another appeal expected Michael Ratner , a U.S. attorney for Assange , expressed dismay over the ruling . "  The court of appeals admits the prosecutor has wrongly failed to move this case forward , but refuses to provide Assange with any remedy . It is astonishing , " Ratner said in a news release . Assange 's legal team has said it intends to file an appeal with Sweden 's Supreme Court . Thursday 's court decision follows a similar ruling by a lower Swedish court in July . Assange argues , in part , that the preliminary investigation has been open for an unacceptably long time , and that the arrest warrant improperly keeps him from going to Ecuador , which offered him asylum , or even from going outdoors . Police stand guard outside the embassy , ready to arrest him should he emerge . Swedish prosecutors say that Assange must be interviewed in Sweden , citing what they say are legal impediments to coercing an interview elsewhere . Prosecutor Marianne Ny has said that the warrant could remain in place until the statute of limitations takes effect -- five years for unlawful coercion and 10 years for rape . Assange rocketed to international fame when WikiLeaks began publishing secret government documents online . After it published the procedures manual for the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay in 2007 , it posted documents related to U.S. activities in Iraq and Afghanistan , and diplomatic cables from U.S. embassies . In August 2010 , Swedish prosecutors issued an arrest warrant for Assange over the allegations of sexual assault from two female WikiLeaks volunteers . He turned himself in to London authorities the same year , and was remanded in custody . At the time , a judge ruled that he should be extradited to Sweden , and Assange launched a series of appeals that went all the way to the British Supreme Court . It denied his appeal . In June 2012 , Assange fled to the Ecuadorian Embassy to seek asylum , which was granted in August of the same year . He 's been living at the embassy in London since then .	Court agrees with Assange that prosecutors dragged their feet , but says warrant must stay Court : There 's a great risk Assange will evade legal proceedings if warrant is lifted Assange is accused of sexual assault in Sweden He has stayed at Ecuadorian Embassy in London , says he fears ultimate extradition to U.S.
CNN Student News  -- May 30 , 2014 This Friday on CNN Student News : government , business , technology and altruism . A scandal widens concerning the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs , and a concussion summit discusses better treatment of head injuries in school sports . We 'll also show you how "  swarm robots " could help with complicated tasks by keeping things simple . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Should news producers give greater priority to "  good news " ? Why or why not ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What poet , activist and author of "  I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings " died this week at the age of 86 ? 2 . According to AAA , the 100 deadliest days for teenage drivers start on what holiday ? 3 . What kind of policy was the focus of the speech delivered by President Obama to graduates of the U.S. Military Academy ? 4 . What organization currently consisting of 28 European countries was established in 1993 ? 5 . What U.S. warship that was once the target of a terrorist attack sailed into New York as part of Fleet Week 2014 ? 6 . Narendra Modi was elected prime minister of what Asian nation ? 7 . What computer company announced that it is buying Beats ? 8 . What kind of injury was the focus of a White House summit on safe sports ? 9 . What country will soon see a reduction in U.S. troops who are currently serving in America 's longest-running war ? 10 . What U.S. government department is assigned with giving medical care and benefits to people who have served in the armed forces ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Democrats and Republicans on Capitol Hill immediately blamed each other for the failure of a $ 700 billion bailout package in the House on Monday . House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said there would be no revote Monday on the bill aimed at buying up bad mortgages and stabilizing the faltering economy because House members had left the Capitol . It was unclear in what form the congressional leadership would bring the bill back to the House floor . The stock market immediately dipped hundreds of points after it became apparent that the bill would fail . The Dow closed down 777 points at the end of trading Monday , a record plunge . Watch blocked bailout win or loss ? " The package , which was backed by both the Democratic and Republican congressional leadership as well as President Bush , failed in the House by a vote of 228-205 . See roll call of how House members voted  PDF "  My sense is that this exact same bill could n't pass , " said Missouri Rep. Roy Blunt , the No. 2 Republican in the House . "  But this bill could be the basis for final congressional action . They 'd have to expect some changes . " Nearly 60 percent of Democrats voted for the bill , and about a third of Republicans supported it . House Republican leaders blamed Nancy Pelosi , the Democratic Speaker of the House , for the bill 's failure , saying she had scuttled a bipartisan compromise with a "  partisan speech " shortly before the vote . Pelosi started her speech by citing "  the Bush administration 's failed economic policies -- policies built on budgetary recklessness , on an anything-goes mentality with no regulation , no supervision and no discipline in the system . " "  I do believe that the vote could have succeeded , " Boehner said in a news conference . "  But the speaker had to give a partisan speech ... that poisoned our caucus . " Rep. Steny Hoyer , the No. 2 Democrat in the House , rejected the Republicans ' accusation as "  absurd . " Rep. Barney Frank , the House Democrats ' main negotiator on the package , called the Republicans ' finger pointing an excuse . "  Because somebody hurt their feelings , they decided to punish the country ? " Frank said . "  I do n't believe they had the votes . They are covering up the fact that they do n't have the votes . " Rep. Michele Bachmann , a Minnesota Republican , denied that the bill 's opponents had voted against it because of hurt feelings . "  I want to assure you that is not the case . We are not babies , sucking our thumbs , " she said . "  Clearly it is important to get it done quickly , but it is more important to get it done correctly , " said Republican Rep. Jeb Hensarling of Texas . After the vote , President Bush was "  disappointed " that the House failed to pass the bailout , saying , "  We put forward a plan that was big because we got a big problem . Watch a White House spokesman describe the president 's reaction " "  Our strategy is to continue to address this economic situation head on . We 'll be working to develop a strategy , " Bush said . Bush is scheduled to speak on the bailout plan Tuesday at 8:45 a.m. at the White House . The Senate had planned to take up the bill after the House had passed it , but now it is unclear how the senators will proceed . "  Democrats are doing our part to improve the administration 's flawed plan , but we will need the support of more Republicans to get this done , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said in a statement . "  With the stock market recording its largest point drop ever in the aftermath of this vote , it has never been more clear how important it is to put politics aside and come together to stabilize our economy for all Americans , " Reid said . "  I hope House Republicans will reconsider their vote and decide to put country first . " After the House vote , Sen. Mitch McConnell , the Republican leader in the Senate , said lawmakers were "  going to stay here until we get this job done , " but he admitted he could not say how to push a package through . "  No action is not an answer , " McConnell said . The House will not be in session Tuesday and Wednesday , but behind-the-scenes work will continue until it reconvenes Thursday . Sen. Judd Gregg , the lead Republican Senate negotiator on the deal , said there would be real consequences if Congress did not approve legislation . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the bailout "  If we do n't act ... a lot of people are going to lose their jobs , " he said . When the gavel came down , the members on the House floor were nearly silent . Democratic members immediately met in Pelosi 's office after the vote . Republican members went into the office of Boehner , the top Republican in the House . While thanking Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson for negotiating on the bill , Pelosi said on the House floor that the Democrats had insisted that the bill "  protect the American people and Main Street from the meltdown on Wall Street . " After the vote , Boehner said , "  Americans are angry , and so are my colleagues . They do n't want to have to vote for a bill like this , and I understand that . " Watch Boehner blame Pelosi " "  I think that we need to renew our efforts to find a solution that Congress can support . I do believe that we could have gotten there today had it not been for this partisan speech that the speaker gave on the floor of the House , " he said . But Democrats dismissed the Republican complaints , saying the Republican leadership failed to persuade their members to support the bill . "  They lost 2-1 on their own side , voting against their president , their presidential candidate and against every leader in their own party , " one Democratic source said . Pelosi said the Democrats lived up their side of the bargain . "  We 've entered into those conversations in a spirit of bipartisanship , with the understanding that each side would have half of our votes to pass the bill , " she said . Watch a Wall Street trader say they need the bill " "  When the legislation came to the floor , the Democratic side more than lived up to its side of the bargain , " she added . "  While the legislation may have failed , the crisis is still with us . " Watch Pelosi say the Democrats delivered " Rep. Barney Frank , a Massachusetts Democrat who was a key negotiator of the bill , said Republican leaders were blaming Pelosi because they were embarrassed that they failed to get a majority of the Republicans to vote for the bill . Watch Frank say the GOP ` punished ' the country " "  There 's a terrible crisis affecting the American economy . We have come together on a bill to alleviate the crisis , " Frank said . "  And because somebody hurt their feelings , they decide to punish the country ? I mean , I would not have imputed that degree of pettiness and hypersensitivity . " Before the vote , many House Republicans expressed opposition to the bill , saying it departed from free-market principles . Republican congressional aides also said calls from constituents were running 10 to 1 against the legislation . "  The relevant test is , when you look at the good in the bill , when you look at the bad in the bill -- does it take America in a direction that you believe America should go ? " said Rep. Jeb Hensarling , a conservative Texas Republican , before the vote . "  By that test , Madam Speaker , I will vote no on this legislation . "  I fear that ultimately it may not work . I fear that it is too much bailout and not enough work out . I fear that taxpayers may end up inheriting the mother of all debts , " he added . Another Republican called on members to vote their conscience . "  Ask yourselves why you came here and vote with courage and integrity to those principles . If , like me , you came here because you believe in limited government and the freedom of the American marketplace , I urge you vote in accordance with your convictions , " Rep. Mike Pence , R-Indiana , said . "  Stand up for limited government and economic freedom . Stand up for the American taxpayer . Reject this bailout and vote no on the emergency economic stabilization act , " he said . CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Deirdre Walsh and Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .	Senate Republican leader says "  No action is not an answer " Bush said he is "  disappointed " bailout bill failed Speaker Pelosi says Democrats kept up their side of the bargain Republicans voted against bill more than 2-1
CNN  -- Pakistan has banned the theatrical release of a comedy about Osama bin Laden due to hit cinema screens in South Asia on Friday . Movie distributors say they are appealing the ban , issued by Pakistan 's Film Censor Board . The film , "  Tere bin Laden "  "  Your bin Laden  , stars Pakistani pop singer Ali Zafar as an ambitious young journalist trying to land the scoop of a lifetime as a way to win a visa to live in the United States . Made in the India 's Bollywood "  movie factory , " it 's a departure from the melodramas and musicals that dominate Indian cinematic fare . It 's also unusual in that it has a Pakistani in the starring role . The trailer for "  Tere bin Laden " suggests a movie of fast-paced slapstick comedy , and shows Zafar trying to coax an anxious and utterly inept bin Laden look-alike to impersonate the al Qaeda leader . "  You have a million-dollar face , " he pleads . But the whole scheme spirals out of control when a video they make is taken seriously by the U.S. government . The movie is the directorial debut of Abhishek Sharma , who calls it a "  mad comedy . " Pakistani officials expressed concern that the characterization of bin Laden could incite terrorism in a country that already has more than its share of political violence . Masood Elahi , vice chairman of the Film Censor Board , is quoted by local media as saying : "  There was no justification to release the film in Pakistan under the present circumstances . " Film distributor Khalid Pervez told CNN that the distributors ' appeal will be heard Friday . Zafar told the Pakistani news network Geo TV that he was disappointed by the ban . "  I wanted that people should go to the cinema and enjoy this movie , " he said . Many cinemas in Pakistan have been driven out of business by a thriving black market in pirated DVDs , so the impact of the ban may not be great . Pakistanis who really want to see "  Tere bin Laden " will be able to pick it up within days .	"  Tere bin Laden "  "  Your bin Laden "  is scheduled to open in South Asia on Friday The trailer shows a bin Laden look-alike being urged to impersonate the al Qaeda leader Pakistani officials express concern that the film could incite terrorism The film may be available soon through Pakistan 's thriving pirated DVD market
CNN  -- An Al-Jazeera cameraman was killed in an apparent ambush near Benghazi , Libya , becoming the first journalist killed in the country since the start of the civil war , the network reported Saturday . Ali Hassan al Jaber was returning to Benghazi , an opposition stronghold in the east , from a nearby town where he had reported on an opposition protest when "  unknown fighters opened fire on a car he and his colleagues were traveling in , " Al-Jazeera reported on its English-language website . The cameraman and another person were wounded . Al Jaber was rushed to a hospital , but did not survive , the network said . "  Al-Jazeera condemns the cowardly crime , which comes as part of the Libyan regime 's malicious campaign targeting Al-Jazeera and its staff , " the network reported . A civil war has broken out between forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and a tenacious opposition movement . Since the start of the revolt last month , the government has kept a close eye on journalists . Reporters in Tripoli have been given minders and , in some cases , prevented from covering protests . The Committee to Protect Journalists said Friday it has documented more than 40 attacks on the media in Libya since February . They include 25 detentions , four assaults , two attacks on news facilities , the jamming of transmissions , and the interruption of internet service , the New York-based advocacy group said . Several journalists have also reported the confiscation of their equipment , it added . Friday , CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson and his crew were detained in Tajura , Libya , east of Tripoli , by forces loyal to Gadhafi . They were released , though their cabdriver was not . "  We are free to go anywhere , any time , talk to who we want , when we want . That 's what Moammar Gadhafi 's son told me , that 's what Libya told the U.N. . We already knew it was all lies -- look at any number of our colleagues arrested , detained , in some cases , beaten -- but today it came home to us personally , " Robertson wrote . Wadah Khanfar , director-general of Al-Jazeera , said the network "  will not remain silent " and vowed to hold those responsible for al Jaber 's death to account , Al-Jazeera reported . Al Jaber , a Qatari national , was born in 1955 and studied cinematography in Cairo , the network said .	NEW : An advocacy group documents more than 40 recent attacks on the media in Libya NEW : CNN 's Nic Robertson and crew were detained Friday by forces loyal to Gadhafi The Al-Jazeera cameraman had reported on an opposition protest The network says it will not be silent
CNN  -- On the surface , it does n't make sense . Still hurting from the economic crash , Americans are driving less and buying more fuel-efficient cars . The United States is producing more of its own oil and natural gas than it has in a long time . Yet the price we pay to fill up our gas tanks keeps going higher . It 's close to $ 4 a gallon in many parts of the country and climbing . Should we blame the speculators , those big investors who snap up oil contracts today on a bet that they will be worth more tomorrow ? It 's easy to work up a lather of outrage about these guys : The same reckless hedge funds and banks that plunged us into the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s are now prolonging it by greedily inflating the price of the one commodity that we ca n't live without ! But it 's not that simple . In fact , probably no fact of our daily economic life is as universally felt and poorly understood as gas prices . That 's why we at CNN have decided to devote our latest series of In Depth reports to sorting out what 's behind the sticker shock at the pump and how it could become a factor in this year 's presidential election . On Tuesday , chief business correspondent Ali Velshi will appear on "  Starting Point With Soledad O'Brien " and other shows throughout the day to assess the role of speculators . We 'll be examining critical questions : How much does the recent bidding for oil reflect a rational fear that escalating tension over Iran 's nuclear ambitions could cause Tehran to block the Strait of Hormuz , choking off access to much of the world 's oil supply ? How much of it is a cynical wager on bubble psychology ? And how much of a difference do speculators really make , once you cut through the fog of easy indignation ? On "  The Situation Room With Wolf Blitzer , " our new aviation and regulation reporter Lizzie O'Leary will explain what 's actually involved in buying and selling a barrel of oil -- and whether it 's a rigged game that only big conglomerates and investors can play . And on her prime-time "  OutFront " show , Erin Burnett will step back and look at the global market for oil , examining where all the demand is coming from and how a global thirst for oil as far away as China for can affect the price you pay at your station around the corner . On "  CNN Newsroom " throughout the week , we will also drill down , so to speak , on aspects of the problem that you rarely see explained on television : How oil refineries work , how the availability of "  surplus gas " from independent oil companies can play havoc with pump prices , and what effect the squeeze on oil will have on the market for alternative energy . On CNN.com and CNNMoney.com , you 'll be able to compare gas prices on a state-by-state map . CNNMoney : Will oil prices kill the stock market rally ? Through iReport , you can send us your own videos documenting the pain at your local pump and tell us how your own driving habits have changed . Writers on our Opinion page will debate the causes and the fallout , and in our latest of our Explain It To Me video tutorials , Velshi offers a 101 primer on why gas prices go up and down . And because this is another big week in Election 2012 , our political reporters and analysts will weigh in on the implications for the presidential race . Just as President Barack Obama is nurturing a narrative of a slowly healing economy , the GOP is looking at the price of gas as Exhibit A that his administration remains a failure . But before they get to make that case in the fall , the Republicans will have to settle on a candidate , a ride that so far has been much wilder than anyone predicted . Will they be any closer after the Michigan and Arizona primaries ? Tune into CNN 's special coverage all through the evening on Tuesday to find out .	In an In Depth series this week , CNN explores why gas prices have shot upward again CNN 's Mark Whitaker : It 's easy to blame speculators , but are they really the culprits here ? CNN will also look at how rising tensions with Iran play into energy prices Also , two critical primaries are coming up Tuesday -- Michigan and Arizona
There are two Web clips featuring Beyonce that have been getting a lot of attention . Clip No. 1 features a host of celebrities and community leaders , including Bey , involved with a movement trying to ban the use of the word "  bossy " in reference to young girls . The reason being that "  bossy " is often used in a derogatory way to describe girls who display leadership traits , thus discouraging them from asserting themselves . "  I 'm not bossy , I 'm the boss , " the superstar says . Clip No. 2 features Beyonce wearing a bedazzled thong and not much else , as she sings about ejaculate landing on her dress after performing oral sex in the back of a limo . "  I just want to be the girl you like , " she pleads to her husband , Jay-Z , in the "  Partition " video , the second single from her latest release , "  Beyonce . " The first single , "  Drunk in Love " , included a line from her husband that made light of a domestic violence scene documented in the Tina Turner biopic "  What 's Love Got To Do With It . " Beyonce the artist is above reproach . With 17 wins , she has only one less Grammy than Aretha Franklin . She has more than 13 million Twitter followers despite only tweeting eight times . And she famously crashed iTunes by releasing a full CD without any promotion . However , Beyonce the role model is questionable as hell . I 'm all for handcuffs , hot wax , stripper poles , whips -- whatever it is two consenting adults want to do in the privacy of their bedroom to keep the relationship fresh . But increasingly , Beyonce has chosen not to keep such things private . The lyrics to "  Partition " pale in comparison with some of the more graphic phrases heard on her latest CD , and many parents complained that having her sexually charged performance open this year 's Grammys was inappropriate given the time of night . Beyonce : Gender equality is a myth I was not one of those parents , mind you . But then again , I have a 17-year-old son , not an 11-year-old daughter . Fox 's Bill O'Reilly was mocked recently for his pseudointerview with Russell Simmons , in which instead of talking about Simmons ' new book on meditation -- which the hip-hop star came on the show to do -- he ranted about "  Partition . " "  Teenage girls look up to Beyonce , particularly girls of color , " O'Reilly said . "  Why on Earth would this woman do that ? " And by "  that , " he means sing about having sex in the back of a limo . "  I believe an entertainer like Beyonce , and a mogul like you , have an obligation to protect children . Not put out exploitative garbage that you know harm impressionable children , " he said . Now as a fan of many genres of music , I know O'Reilly could replace Bey 's name with any number of popular artists and the question would still be applicable . For example , country artists sing about getting drunk and having sex in the back of pickups quite often . And in 2011 , the National Center for Health Statistics reported teenage birth rates for 15 - to-19-year-olds were highest in states such as Mississippi , Tennessee , Texas and Kentucky , where country music is most popular . So O'Reilly singling out the music of Beyonce can certainly be seen as either unfair or even a not-so-subtle attack on the White House , given Beyonce 's ties to the administration . But O'Reilly 's motives aside , Beyonce does position herself as a role model for young girls . Like the "  Bossy " video encouraging young girls to be leaders . Or the "  Move Your Body " video released in conjunction with Michelle Obama 's anti-obesity campaign directed at kids . I doubt the first lady would be happy to see Sasha or Malia dancing to "  Partition " the way Beyonce does in her music video . Not because dancing seductively or expressing sexuality through song is inherently wrong . But doing so at 15 and 12 -- while singing "  I just want to be the girl you like " -- is n't ideal . Currently , Vevo is heavily promoting the video , and the song jumped from No. 97 to No. 23 on Billboard in one week . Of course the President and first lady are excellent parents who will guide their daughters down the appropriate path . Unfortunately , too many daughters , too many children have TVs for baby sitters . That is n't Beyonce 's cross to bear . Nor is it a cross O'Reilly should attempt to leave on her doorstep . But it is a cross any artist who brands herself or himself as a role model for young impressionable minds needs to be aware of . Beyonce makes grown-folks music , and I love it . But if she truly wants to be kid-friendly , she should consider leaving the foreplay in the bedroom because trying to have it both ways makes parenting for some harder than it should be .	Beyonce appears in two popular new videos ; one is to encourage girls to be assertive The other is a suggestive music video partly about having sex in the back seat of a limo LZ Granderson says Beyonce 's music appeals to grown-ups , but is it appropriate for girls ? He says it would be better if she did n't mix messages for those who look up to her
CNN  It should n't come as a surprise that Yemen has collapsed -- again . A country that has split and been pulled together before , has the youngest and fastest growing population in the region , is running low on oil and water , and possesses a "  personalist " government rather than stable institutions , was on the top of every expert 's list as the fragile state most likely to fail next . What is surprising is that U.S. policy ignored all of this and proceeded on the premise that simply drone-bombing al Qaeda terrorists could keep Yemen intact and stable . Indeed , last fall , when President Barack Obama pointed to U.S. policy in Yemen as an example of a "  success " and a model for the plans that would roll back the Islamic State  also known as ISIS  , I shivered . For as September ended , Shi'ite Houthi rebels from the north moved south and took the capital city , Sanaa . By January , the Islamic State was noticeably increasing its recruitment in Yemen , and that same month the Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility for organizing the deadly Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris . Last week , the Islamic State bombed two Shi'ite mosques in Yemen , killing more than 130 worshippers at prayer . This week , the Houthi forces are closing in on Yemen 's second major city , Aden , on the south coast , and the U.S.-supported President , Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi , has reportedly fled the country . As the United States has closed its embassy and withdrawn its last troops , Yemen has slid into total chaos , with rebels and jihadists on both sides capturing military bases and seizing tanks and heavy weapons . The situation is so dire that a coalition of Sunni nations , led by Saudi Arabia , has launched massive airstrikes against the Houthis , with a Saudi adviser threatening to bring up to 150,000 ground troops into Yemen to restore the Hadi regime . Yemen does have value as a lesson -- this is what happens when you ignore the basic foundations of social stability . These include legitimate leadership with stable succession plans ; a united elite ; institutions to bridge regional and ethnic divisions and assure fairness in political and economic access and a functioning economy with capabilities for providing employment and growth . Rather than working to secure these things , the U.S. administration has succumbed to the illusion that precision bombing or other surgical interventions to remove "  dangerous elements " will sustain broader social and political stability . Anyone could see that the conditions for collapse were progressing in Yemen and that aerial attacks on al Qaeda terrorists would have no effect on them . Those attacks were a sideshow -- like firing a lousy band performing on the deck of an ocean liner , while a hull full of holes is taking on water fast . What we have now is an area with about 24 million people , more than twice the population now under the rule of the Islamic State in eastern Syria and western Iraq , that is virtually ungoverned and up for grabs and is falling into the grips of an all-out civil war between Iran-supported Shi'as and al Qaeda/ISIS-aligned Sunnis . It is a war that the West loses no matter who wins . It is now too late to do much of anything except watch and try to either support any moderate elements if they should emerge as capable of holding regional or national power , or contain any dangerous jihadist elements if they should do so . Either task will be difficult , and provide yet another costly distraction to efforts to restore peace in Syria and Iraq . In other words , what has happened in Yemen , although predictable , is about the worst outcome imaginable for U.S. policy . That America ever deluded itself into thinking airstrikes were enough to deal with the problems of failing states in the Middle East and North Africa -- and the crisis of ISIS -- is a notion that could only be made more frightening if it keeps on doing it .	Goldstone : U.S. policy of drone-bombing al Qaeda terrorists ignores need to build social stability He says country now in chaos , virtually ungoverned and vulnerable to jihadist elements
Outraged by a court verdict they considered too lenient , thousands of people took to the streets across Bangladesh on Wednesday demanding the death penalty for an Islamic party leader convicted of war crimes carried out more than four decades ago . "  We 've taken additional measures across the country to heighten security , " State Minister for Home Affairs Shamsul Hoque told reporters . From horror to hope : Boy 's miracle recovery from brutal attack The demonstrations began Tuesday , when an International Crimes Tribunal sentenced Abdul Quader Mollah , assistant secretary general for the Jamaat-e-Islami party , to life in prison . The Jamaat-e-Islami party had called for a two-day general strike across Bangladesh beginning Tuesday , and demonstrators clashed with police and demanded that ruling party officials scrap the trial process . The government on Tuesday evening called in paramilitary troopers to maintain law and order in Dhaka and elsewhere as deadly protests erupted after the verdict . Jamaat-e-Islami protested the verdict as demonstrators -- including some from ruling party alliances -- took to the streets demanding the death penalty for Mollah . Read more : General strike disrupts life in Bangladesh "  We 've deployed troopers from the Border Guards of Bangladesh to maintain law and order , " Hoque said . Hundreds of Dhaka University students took to the streets in the capital 's Shahbagh Square , where they were joined by other city residents in protests that began Tuesday . Home Ministry officials said security forces were patrolling in Dhaka and other major cities , including in the large southeastern port city of Chittagong , where at least four people were killed Tuesday during clashes between police and supporters of Jamaat-e-Islami . Police opened fire and shot tear-gas shells to disperse the protesters , who torched and otherwise damaged more than 100 vehicles in major cities . Jamaat-e-Islami said its members would continue to protest ; many of its leaders are behind bars facing charges of murder , arson , looting and rape stemming from the war of independence in 1971 . Read more : Clinton leaves drama in China for turmoil in Bangladesh They said the war-crimes trials , which began after more than 40 years of independence , was done with "  ill political motive . " Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina showed no sign of backing down , saying the trials would be completed at any cost . The government , which promised in its election pledges in 2008 to complete the war-crimes trials , set up the tribunals in 2010 . Amid tight security , a three-member panel of judges of the International Crimes Tribunal-2 delivered the judgment against Mollah in a crowded courtroom on Tuesday . Mollah , 64 , was found guilty of five of six charges , including murder . They included crimes against humanity , tribunal Chairman Justice Obaidul Hassan said . After the verdict was read , Mollah stood from the chair on which he had been seated and cried , "  Allahu Akbar ! "  God is Great ! He declared he was innocent and began to curse the judges and the government . He then pulled a copy of the Quran from his pocket and held it in front of him , saying that the judges would one day find themselves on trial in accordance with the holy book 's law . Lawmakers of the ruling party alliance criticized the verdict in parliament and asked the prosecution to appeal for the death penalty . Mollah , who was the chief of the students ' wing of Jamaat-e-Islami in 1971 , is the first Jamaat-e-Islami leader convicted in a war-crimes case by the tribunal . On January 21 , the same tribunal sentenced to death the first war crimes convict , Abul Kalam Azad , alias Bachchu Razakar . Bangladesh had been the eastern portion of Pakistan until it gained independence in 1971 in a war that killed 3 million people .	The demonstrations began Tuesday , when Abdul Quader Mollah was sentenced to life He was found guilty of 5 of 6 charges , including crimes against humanity He declared he is innocent and cursed the judges in court Four people have died in related violence in the port city of Chittagong
Hong Kong  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in Beijing for talks Tuesday , with competing maritime claims of China and its neighbors expected to dominate the agenda . Tensions over territorial disputes have spiked this year between China and a string of countries around its coastline -- from Vietnam in the southwest to Japan in the northeast -- and the United States has been drawn into the fray . Clinton met with Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi Tuesday . She is scheduled to hold a news conference with Yang Wednesday and meet with several leaders , including President Hu Jintao . Yang welcomed Clinton and stressed "  important progress in some areas " in their relationship , according to remarks released by the U.S. State Department . "  Maintaining the healthy and steady development of our relationship serves the fundamental interests of our two countries and two peoples and is conducive to stability , peace , and development in the Asia Pacific region and beyond , " he said . Clinton stressed "  the importance of the practical cooperation that underlies our comprehensive relationship . " "  We are committed to building a cooperative partnership with China ; it is a key aspect of our rebalancing in the Asia Pacific . And we have had a lot of in-depth consultations and high-level meetings over the last three and a half years . " In Indonesia Monday , Clinton reiterated that "  the United States does not take a position on competing territorial claims over land . " Instead , the U.S. government is pressing China and other countries in the region to agree to a code of conduct and procedures for resolving disagreements peacefully . Interactive : Asia 's disputed islands - who claims what ? But Beijing , which prefers to tackle the disputes bilaterally , has reacted angrily to Washington 's involvement in the matter , accusing the State Department of "  unfounded accusations " and showing a "  total disregard of facts . " The Global Times , a Chinese newspaper affiliated with the ruling Communist Party , said in an editorial published Tuesday that Clinton 's diplomacy in the region "  has fomented frictions between China and some surrounding countries . " It called on her to "  reflect upon the deep harm she is bringing to the Sino-US relationship . " Clinton will have to negotiate such Chinese hostility to U.S. efforts to address the tangle of tensions across the South China Sea and beyond . More : Islands dispute reopens old wounds Countries like Vietnam and the Philippines lay claim to some areas of the South China Sea , a 1.3 million square-mile patch of the Pacific Ocean dotted with hundreds of largely uninhabited islands and coral atolls . But China has declared "  indisputable sovereignty " over large swathes of the area , which is rich in marine life . The stakes are raised further by estimates that potentially huge reserves of natural gas and oil lie underneath the seabed . The scope for conflict was demonstrated in April when a Philippine Navy vessel confronted Chinese fishing boats in a remote rocky outcrop claimed by both countries . Opinion : Why Asia is arguing over its islands The resulting naval standoff between the two countries lasted for more than three months and aroused fears of an open conflict before the Philippines withdrew its ships in June , citing stormy weather . The issue of who the lagoon belongs to remains unresolved . Analysts have expressed pessimism that the disputes in the South China Sea will be defused soon . "  While the likelihood of major conflict remains low , all of the trends are in the wrong direction , and prospects of resolution are diminishing , " the International Crisis Group said in a July report . Tensions have also flared recently over a long-running dispute concerning a group of islands in the East China Sea claimed by China , Japan and Taiwan . Furious anti-Japan protests erupted across China last month when a Japanese group sailed to one of the disputed islets and symbolically waved Japanese flags . And on Sunday , the controversial governor of Tokyo , Shintaro Ishihara , dispatched a team to survey the islands as part of an effort to purchase them from the private owners . Chinese state-run media immediately declared the survey "  illegal . " The uninhabited islands are known in Japan as Senkaku and in China as Diaoyu , and are privately owned by a Japanese family .	NEW : Secretary of State Clinton is visiting Beijing for meetings NEW : Analysts doubt the South China Sea disputes will be soon be defused The United States says it does n't take sides in the territorial disputes But China has expressed anger over U.S. comments on the issue
Malta can not afford to continue supporting migrants from war-torn countries in its over-crowded detention camps , the country 's foreign minister has told CNN . Speaking with CNN 's Isa Soares , George Vella said that while he did n't want to blame the migrants , they "  do not help themselves " in the immigration enclosures as they "  break toilets " and "  smear the place . " When asked what the government can do to improve living conditions in the detention camp , Vela responded : "  They do n't care for the facilities they have ... we can not afford to carry on looking after all these numbers , and utilizing our resources . " Vella continued : "  We can not offer these people the opportunities for which they left their countries and risked their lives to get a better life , many of them do n't want to come to Malta , they come by chance as the boat drifts . " Watch more : Stark reality for Malta 's asylum seekers The minister called on European Union member states for "  solidarity " in the face of increasing numbers of asylum seekers crossing the Mediterranean , particularly from North and East Africa . He said : "  When these individuals qualify for protection , asylum seekers and they become refugees , they are protected . Then there would be a system where they would be relocated proportionally , possibly among the other European Union member states . " Read more : Which countries take in most refugees ? Not the West Between January and September of last year , 31,000 migrants are believed to have entered the European Union illegally by crossing the Mediterranean to land on Italian soil or the island of Malta , according to the European Union border agency Frontex . "  We sincerely believe that given our size and our density of population , if you compare , we are taking a bigger strain proportionally than all the other countries in the European Union , " Vella said . Read more : Pope prays for lost refugees on visit to Mediterranean island Malta gets assistance from the European Refugee Fund to deal with the influx of asylum seekers . In 2013 , the Mediterranean island received 4.8 million euros -LSB- $ 6.5 million -RSB- from the fund , established in 2007 . European nations such as Germany and Sweden have already opened their doors to refugees fleeing war in the home nations , particularly in the face of civil war in Syria . Read more : Scores dead after boat sinks off Lampedusa island But Vella believes that measures to manage border control do not go far enough and said more needs to be done to tackle the root of the problem in troubled countries . He added : "  The problem is manning the border on the eastern side of Libya , which borders Sudan , which takes you to Eritrea and Somalia , from -LSB- where -RSB- most of them come . " On Thursday , more than 200 migrants were rescued from an overcrowded boat in rough waters in the Mediterranean Sea , according to the Italian navy . The boat was spotted about 80 miles south of the Italian island of Lampedusa , another refugee hotspot . The migrants , from Eritrea , Nigeria , Somalia , Pakistan , Zambia and Mali , were all moved safely . Vella said : "  You 've got to look at the help you can give the countries of origin , you can look at the problems in the transfer of these people through countries where they fall prey to criminal gangs that make money in human trafficking . "	Malta receives a subsidy from the European Refugee Fund to deal with the influx of asylum seekers . Between January and September of last year , 31,000 migrants are believed to have entered the European Union illegally . European nations such as Germany and Sweden have already opened there doors to refugees fleeing war in the home nations
CNN  -- Prince William has given his first official interview to CNN since his wife , the Duchess of Cambridge , gave birth to their first child . The future king of Britain sat down with CNN 's Max Foster to talk about baby George , his wife Catherine , and what it 's like to be a new father . The interview is part of a one-hour special , "  Prince William 's Passion : New Father , New Hope , " which will premiere on CNN and CNN International on Sunday , September 15 at 10:00 p.m. ET . Royal baby name : The history behind George Alexander Louis A portion of the interview will air on CNN on Monday , August 19 at 8:00 a.m. ET . The special chronicles the prince 's passion for Africa and his dream to save the world 's most endangered species . As a new father , the prince discusses his hope that one day his son can experience the same Africa that he and Prince Harry did as young boys . Britain 's royal family has worked on conservation in Africa for generations . In the one-hour TV special William tells CNN how his love of Africa and its endangered species were instilled in him by his father , Prince Charles , and late mother Princess Diana . The prince also highlights some of the work being done by individuals in the area of conservation including Tusk , an organization for which he and Prince Harry are both patrons . Opinion : Baby helps make a monarchy matter	Prince William gives first official interview after birth of son to CNN 's Max Foster William tells CNN about fatherhood and baby George "  Prince William 's Passion : New Father , New Hope " to air on CNN on September 15
CNN  -- Titleholders Inter Milan gave newcomers Tottenham a Champions League lesson on Wednesday night before the English club 's young winger Gareth Bale underlined his status as one of football 's most promising prospects . Inter moved three points clear at the top of Group A after leading 4-0 inside 35 minutes , but needed to withstand a late onslaught as Wales international Bale scored a second-half hat-trick . The Italians went ahead after just 68 seconds as captain Javier Zanetti calmly sidefooted past Heurelho Gomes from a Samuel Eto'o pass , and the Brazilian goalkeeper was sent off six minutes later for bringing down winger Jonathan Biabiany . Eto'o buried the resulting penalty once Gomes finally departed , having been twice shown a red card , as the Cameroon striker beat replacement keeper Carlo Cudicini for his 13th goal in 12 games this season . Inter midfielder Dejan Stankovic made it 3-0 in the 14th minute with a shot from the edge of the area as Inter 's crisp passing once again bamboozled the Tottenham defense . Eto'o , reveling in his central role in the absence of the injured Diego Milito , scored his second with a shot which deflected under Cudicini 's body after he ran on to teenager Philippe Coutinho 's measured throughball . While the 18-year-old Coutinho showed his class in the first half , he was upstaged by Bale in the second . The 21-year-old took the ball from inside his own half before lashing a fierce left-foot shot past Inter keeper Julio Cesar seven minutes after the break , and repeated the effort in the 90th minute as he easily outpaced the 37-year-old Zanetti . Bale then sealed his first Tottenham treble with yet another left-foot shot from almost the same position after being teed up in the area by Aaron Lennon , but Inter held on for victory and seven points from three outings . Werder Bremen boosted Tottenham 's hopes of reaching the second round by coming from behind to draw 1-1 away to Dutch champions Twente , leaving both teams on on two points . Midfielder Theo Janssen put the hosts ahead in the 75th minute , but Austrian forward Marko Arnautovic equalized against his former team five minutes later . Barcelona , the 2009 champions , returned to winning ways with a 2-0 victory over Copenhagen . Argentine superstar Lionel Messi scored in each half to put the Spanish team a point clear of the previously unbeaten Danish side at the top of Group D. David Villa hit the crossbar before the diminutive forward broke the deadlock from with a ferocious shot from just outside the area in the 19th minute , and Messi then had an effort ruled out for offside before halftime . Barca survived a scare as Copenhagen 's Dame N'Doye also smashed a shot against the bar , while Dani Alves hit the post for the Catalans before Messi sealed the win from close range right at the end . Copenhagen are four points ahead of Rubin Kazan , with the Russian champions drawing 0-0 away to Panathinaikos to end the Greeks ' run of two defeats . Manchester United shrugged off the absence of wantaway striker Wayne Rooney to beat Turkish side Bursaspor 1-0 at home and move two points clear in Group C. With England star Rooney out injured , Portugal midfielder Nani staked his claim to take over as the team 's key player with a superb seventh-minute winner in front of a crowd of more than 72,000 . Scottish club Rangers held onto second spot after being held 1-1 at home by Valencia , with the Spanish side coming from behind to earn the draw as U.S. international Maurice Edu scored for both teams . The midfielder nodded in a 34th-minute opener from a cross by Vladimir Weiss , but turned villain just after halftime when he headed Tino Costa 's free-kick into his own net . Lyon took control of Group B , with the French side beating 10-man Portuguese champions Benfica 2-0 for a third successive victory . Forward Jimmy Briand headed home the opener in the 22nd minute , then the visitors had Argentine midfielder Nicolas Gaitan sent off for a second yellow card just before halftime . Briand turned provider six minutes after the break , with Argentine forward Lisandro Lopez scoring at the second attempt after his initial header was blocked . Veteran Spanish striker Raul helped lift Schalke 's spirits as he continued his remarkable scoring run in Europe in a morale-boosting 3-1 win over Hapoel Tel Aviv . Schalke , struggling in the German league 's relegation zone , moved three points clear of Benfica with a second victory of the competition , with Raul netting twice to equal Gerd Muller 's record of 68 in European club matches . The 33-year-old Real Madrid star has now scored in 15 successive seasons , his first coming in the third minute and his second in the 58th before Jurado made it 3-0 soon after . The Israelis managed a late consolation through Itay Shechter , but lie rock bottom after three defeats .	Inter Milan lead 10-man Tottenham 4-0 before halftime before Gareth Bale 's hat-trick Lionel Messi scores both goals as Barcelona beat Copenhagen 2-0 in Group D Manchester United beat Bursaspor 1-0 in absence of wantaway star Wayne Rooney Lyon notch third successive Group B win , beating Portuguese champions Benfica
CNN  -- A Louisiana justice of the peace who drew criticism for refusing to marry an interracial couple has resigned , the secretary of state 's office said Tuesday . Keith Bardwell resigned in person at the Louisiana secretary of state 's office , said spokesman Jacques Berry . The state Supreme Court will appoint an interim justice of the peace to fill Bardwell 's position , Berry said , and a special election will be held next year to fill the position permanently . Bardwell , a justice of the peace for Tangipahoa Parish 's 8th Ward , refused to perform a marriage ceremony for Beth Humphrey , 30 , and her boyfriend Terence McKay , 32 , both of Hammond , Louisiana , and sign their marriage license . The two were married by another justice of the peace . The couple filed a federal discrimination lawsuit against Bardwell and his wife , Beth Bardwell , on October 20 , claiming the two violated the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment . Bardwell , speaking to CNN affiliate WBRZ , said he was advised "  that I needed to step down because they was going to take me to court , and I was going to lose . " "  I would probably do the same thing again , " he said . "  I found out I ca n't be a justice of the peace and have a conscience . " Sen. Mary L. Landrieu , D-Louisiana , who had called for Bardwell 's dismissal , said Tuesday night that "  Bardwell has finally consented to the will of the vast majority of Louisiana citizens and nearly every governmental official in Louisiana . Bardwell 's refusal to issue marriage licenses to interracial couples was out of step with our Louisiana values and reflected terribly on our state . We are better off without him in public service . " Initial reports were that Bardwell refused to issue a marriage license to the couple , but in the lawsuit Humphrey and McKay say they obtained the license from the parish court clerk 's office and contacted Bardwell to see if he would perform the ceremony and sign the license to legally validate the marriage . Humphrey wound up speaking by telephone with Beth Bardwell , the lawsuit said , and Beth Bardwell asked Humphrey if they were a "  mixed couple . " When told they were an interracial couple , Beth Bardwell said , according to the lawsuit , "  We do n't do interracial weddings , " and told her the two would have to go outside the parish to marry . Bardwell did not return repeated phone calls from CNN in October , but told CNN affiliate WAFB that he had no regrets about the decision . "  It 's kind of hard to apologize for something that you really and truly feel down in your heart you have n't done wrong , " he said . In addition , he told the Hammond Daily Star in an October story that he did not marry the couple because he was concerned for the children that might be born of the relationship and that , in his experience , most interracial marriages do n't last . "  I 'm not a racist , " he said . "  I do ceremonies for black couples right here in my house . My main concern is for the children . " Humphrey said in October that she wanted Bardwell to resign . "  He does n't believe he 's being racist , but it is racist , " she said . According to the lawsuit , Bardwell estimated he refused to marry at least four other interracial couples in the past 2 1/2 years . "  Defendant Beth Bardwell ... aided , abetted and conspired with defendant Keith Bardwell to deprive plaintiffs of their constitutionally protected civil rights , " according to the suit . No response to the suit has been filed , and it was unclear whether the Bardwells had retained an attorney . The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages , claiming that Humphrey and McKay suffered emotional distress as a result of the incident . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has said he believed Bardwell should lose his license , and the National Urban League called for an investigation into the incident by the U.S. Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division , saying in a statement that Bardwell 's actions were "  a huge step backward in social justice . " According to the Census Bureau , Tangipahoa Parish is about 70 percent white and 30 percent black . The U.S. Supreme Court tossed out any racially-based limitations on marriage in the landmark 1967 ruling in the case Loving v. Virginia . In the unanimous decision , the court said that under the Constitution , "  the freedom to marry , or not marry , a person of another race resides with the individual and can not be infringed by the State . " CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	Keith Bardwell resigns in person at Louisiana secretary of state 's office , official says Bardwell refused to marry couple after he found they were of different races They filed federal lawsuit ; Louisiana governor called for Bardwell to resign
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  On the bustling streets of Nairobi , hundreds of motorcyclists are weaving in and out of the already congested traffic . Without fear of incident , countless drivers put themselves at risk every day on these gridlocked roads . Up to 13,000 people die in traffic accidents on Kenyan roads annually , according to a report from the World Health Organisation . But two brothers , Charles and Joseph Muchene , are hoping to stem the number of fatalities with their wearable tech venture , CladLight . Launched last April , the sibling startup aims to make motorcycle riders more visible . Their first product is dubbed the "  Smart Jacket , " a reflector vest fitted with LED lights , a rechargeable battery and transmitters . The jacket uses wireless technology to connect an on board transmitter mounted on the motorcycle . This allows it to detect and reflect in real time the rider 's movements at traffic lights and turnings . "  We put lights on that vest and the lights are controlled remotely so they indicate clearly the intents to turn right , left or break when you are riding your motorcycle , " says Charles Muchene . "  We are expecting to bring sanity onto our roads , " he continues . "  And we are hopeful that we will have a reduction of accidents that are happening , " adds Muchene . "  If measures are not taken , we are going to have even double the number -LSB- of fatalities on the roads -RSB- . " Reckless driving Bright Oywaya , the executive director of the Association for Safe International Road Travel , says the main causes for the high number of accidents are speed , drink driving and law enforcement . "  Also , lack of infrastructure because the roads do not cater for the different users , " continues Oywaya , whose passion for road safety began following a 1997 road accident that left her paraplegic . "  There are no crossroads anywhere and so actually 47 % of the deaths are actually pedestrians , according to the last report I saw by the police . " Muchene agrees that drivers are the root of the problem . The young entrepreneur says it 's a common tradition to gift high school graduates a motorcycle upon completion of their education -- but adds that that very few riders enroll in driving school to learn Kenya 's road rules . "  There are so many motorcyclists that are everywhere , " he says . "  It is very high risk . Most of them are reckless drivers . " Big dreams Meanwhile , government authorities and local road safety bodies are also working to tackle the escalating problem . Since last year , officials have stepped up efforts to crack down on road rule-breakers , setting up checkpoints to ensure drivers have licenses and are wearing helmets and high-visibility jackets . With high-visibility jackets mandatory by law , the Muchene brothers are hoping to work with motorcycle manufacturers to infiltrate the marketplace with their product . "  We are sourcing partnerships with motorcycle assembly plants in the country so once you buy the motorcycle you are given the jacket for free , " says Muchene . "  Once we see that there 's a good number of guys having the jackets , and it 's having the impact that we intended to have that is the reduction of motorcycle accidents due to poor visibility , we 'll venture into other markets , " he continues , revealing the startup 's future plans to expand its operations beyond Kenya . "  As we go along , " he continues , "  we will come up with better products and more innovative solutions to address challenges in our society through wearable technology . " Read this : 15 African tech startups to watch Read this : Bicycles turned into stylish furniture	Up to 13,000 road fatalities a year in Kenya , report says Hardware startup modify hi-vis jackets to make motorcycle riders safer on streets "  We are expecting to bring sanity onto our roads , " says co-founder
At least 31 people were killed and nearly 300 injured on Friday in the bloodiest day in the Libyan capital since the fall of Tripoli in 2011 , according to figures released by the government . Fighting broke out after protesters marched on the Tripoli headquarters of militias from the coastal city of Misrata . Protesters and eyewitnesses said militiamen opened fire on the hundreds who marched on Gharghour , a southern district of the capital where Misrata militia are based , in an effort to evict the armed groups . TV footage aired on the privately owned al-Nabaa channel showed militiamen , in what appeared to be an antiaircraft cannon mounted on a truck , opening fire directly at protesters . The situation escalated into an armed confrontation that lasted for hours as protesters returned with weapons and militiamen from different parts of the capital . The sound of heavy gunfire , artillery and explosions echoed across Tripoli after nightfall . The scene at Tripoli 's overwhelmed hospitals was one of chaos and grief , as women wailed and a constant stream of ambulances delivered injured men , women and children . "  The scenes in trauma hospitals across Tripoli resembled a war zone tonight : frantic health staff rushing to provide help , armed men nervously patrolling corridors , and families desperately trying to find their loved ones " Said Hanan Salah , a Libya researcher for Human Rights Watch , who visited a number of the capital 's main hospitals . In a statement released on Friday night , the Libyan government described the protest as a "  peaceful " event that came under fire when it entered Gharghour . "  The government asked the people to go out and protest across the country to reject armed brigades in cities , especially in Tripoli . We salute the peaceful protest that came out today , it was an unarmed protest that had obtained the government 's permission " the statement said . A commander of a Misrata militia speaking by phone to state TV claimed that protesters had opened fire first and one militiaman was killed from gunshots he said came from nearby rooftops . Al-Taher Basha Agha said the armed groups had agreed to leave the capital once the country 's constitution was passed , but Friday 's violence had changed their position . "  By God , we will not leave , we will only leave in our coffins , " the commander said . Militiamen from Misrata and a number of other Libyan cities came into Tripoli during the fight for the capital in August 2011 and have created bases in different parts of the capital where they have remained since . Friday 's protest partly organized by the Tripoli Local Council comes after heavy fighting in the heart of the capital last week between the Misrata militiamen and other groups from Tripoli . Anger against the various militias has been mounting for months in Tripoli and other Libyan parts of the country , including the eastern city of Benghazi that has been gripped by increasing violence , including political assassinations . Libya 's weak central government has not been able to rein in militia groups with various regional , tribal and political loyalties . The government has been struggling with its plans to build an army and police . Many militia are on the state 's payroll but continue to operate freely , with no government control . Last month , Prime Minister Ali Zaidan was kidnapped by a militia in the capital and released a few hours later by another militia . Tensions were running high in Tripoli on Friday night and many Libyans were concerned that the violence could be the start of further unrest after grieving families bury their dead on Saturday . "  The cycle of violence has hit a peak tonight with tens dead and hundreds injured . As long as militias and armed groups are not held to account for crimes they commit , innocent people will continue to die , " Human Rights Watch 's Salah told CNN . "  The government has a responsibility here to bring the perpetrators of these crimes to justice and hold them accountable for their acts . "	At least 31 people killed in fighting , health minister says Fighting broke out after protesters marched on militia headquarters in Tripoli A constant stream of ambulances delivered injured people to hospitals Militia leader says they will not leave until a constitution is approved
CNN  -- Two teenagers were killed and another wounded during a Christmas night shooting in Newark , New Jersey , authorities said Thursday . The shooting came less than 24 hours after three men were shot to death early Christmas morning outside a bar about a mile away , authorities said . The teens , identified as 13-year-old Zainee Hailey and 14-year-old Kasson Mormon , were pronounced dead at the University Hospital in Newark , police said . A 14-year-old who was not identified was in critical condition , the Essex County prosecutor said . Junior Clark , a Newark resident , told CNN affiliate WCBS he saw the gunman minutes before gunfire erupted . "  I saw the guy with the gun under his arm , under his jacket , " Clark told WCBS , "  I heard when he shot . " Authorities said the motive for the shooting was unknown . The investigation was being handled by Newark 's homicide major crimes task force , which includes officers from the Newark State Police , the Sheriff 's Office and the FBI . Earlier on Christmas Day , a few minutes away in Irvington , three men were shot and killed outside Slick 's Go Go Bar . The dead included the bar owner 's son -- identified as Pierre Clervoyant , 34 -- and nightclub employee Woodley Daniel , 32 . The identity of the third victim , who authorities said appeared to be an unintended target , was not released . Two other men were shot and wounded , and their identities and condition were not released . All five men were transported to University Hospital shortly after 1 a.m. , where Clervoyant and Daniel were pronounced dead . Authorities said an altercation between the bouncer and the gunman appears to be a catalyst in the shooting , but the motive was being investigated .	Christmas night shooting leaves two New Jersey teens dead , another wounded Three men shot to death , two others wounded in unrelated shooting nearby Authorities seeking motive in first incident , more details on second
CNN  Caught up in a rip current while snorkeling at Finn 's Beach in Bali , Roxy Walsh was holding on to some rocks when she spotted something special . Engraved with the words , "  Darling Joe , Happy 70th Birthday 2009 . Love Jenny , " the antique ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both Joe and Jenny . But there were no other clues  besides the fact that the words were written in English  as to where the couple might live . When she returned home to Palm Beach , Australia , Walsh was determined to reunite the ring with its owner . She went to the 5,000 members of her company 's Facebook page , Kids in Adelaide , to reunite Joe and Jenny with the ring . She also created a "  Find Joe and Jenny " page to track them down . "  Hi all . It 's Roxy here . This is a reaaaallyy long shot but would love some SHARE love on this post to help find Joe . Found this gold ring snorkeling at Finns Beach in Bali today . It 's got a family crest on it , and engraved with the message ` Darling Joe , Happy 70th Birthday 2009 . Love Jenny ' How amazing would it be to find him ! Please click share . " The post got shared all over the world . Nine months earlier , Joe Langley had been snorkeling in the same spot in Bali when he lost the ring , which his wife , Jenny , had purchased an antique store and had engraved for his birthday . "  I went for a swim , got caught in a rip , decided the rip was going to take me and finished up on the rocks , " Langley told Sunshine Coast Daily . "  In clawing my way over the rocks , the ring pulled off my finger . " The Langleys ' 19-year-old granddaughter saw the Facebook post April 9 and made the connection . It turns out that the Langleys are fellow Australians , living in the town of Noosa , just three hours from where Walsh lives in Palm Beach . Walsh had the ring professionally cleaned before she met the happy Langleys in Noosa to return it .	An Australian woman finds a ring while snorkeling in Bali Words engraved on the antique ring give clues to its owner 's identity
If the Gaza truce holds and Israel 's Operation Protective Edge comes to its conclusion , some things are certain . Both Israel and Hamas will declare military victory -- Israel pointing to the destruction of militants ' tunnels and depletion of Hamas ' rocket supply ; Hamas pointing to dozens of dead Israeli troops and the survival of Hamas leadership in Gaza . But unlike in previous conflicts , when Hamas had the support of many Arab nations , things have changed . This time , as CNN has reported , the fighting between Israel and Hamas has been a proxy war for the Mideast . Key regional players Jordan , Egypt and Saudi Arabia have their own reasons to want to fend off the Muslim Brotherhood , of which Hamas is part , experts say . And Europe , like the United States , lists Hamas as a terrorist organization for its numerous attacks on civilians . But the group does have the support of some countries . "  It 's no longer the Muslims against the Jews , " said Danielle Pletka , vice president of foreign and defense policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute . "  Now it 's the extremists -- the Muslim Brotherhood , Hamas , Hezbollah , and their backers Iran , Qatar and Turkey -- against Israel and the more moderate Muslims including Jordan , Egypt , and Saudi Arabia . " A look at some key Hamas supporters : Turkey Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan openly supports Hamas . "  Erdogan has tried to use the cause of the Brotherhood to bolster his own Islamist credentials at home , " says Eric Trager , of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . Turkey also has "  more of an ideological sympathy with the Brotherhood , " Trager says . Qatar Qatar supported the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt -- which was toppled from power in a coup last year . Qatar funds many Muslim Brotherhood figures in exile , including Hamas political leader Khaled Meshaal , who is believed to have orchestrated numerous terrorist attacks . "  Qatar has a long history of providing shelter to Islamist groups , amongst them the Muslim Brotherhood and the Taliban , " Shashank Joshi of the Royal United Services Institute tells Time . Advocating for Hamas is beneficial to Turkey and Qatar in their political objectives because the cause draws popular support at home , says world affairs writer Frida Ghitis in a CNN.com column . But some question whether Qatar 's support for Hamas is still strong . The country 's financial support to the group "  largely dried up " as Qatar sought "  to mend ties with its neighbors , with whom it had fallen out in part for backing the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt , " the Council on Foreign Relations said . While Qatar and Turkey are powerful allies , "  Hamas might wish for more support given the breadth of the Arab world , " Time reported . Iran and Syria In the past , Iran and Syria supported Hamas . Iran supplied the group with weapons ; Syria was home to Meshaal . But Meshaal did not support Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in the country 's civil war . In 2012 , Meshaal left for Qatar , causing a breakdown in his relationship with both Syria and its ally Iran , says Firas Abi Ali , head of Middle East and North Africa Country Risk and Forecasting at the global information company IHS . And while Iran still professes to support Hamas , such claims "  are more ostentatious , showy , exaggerated and theatrical rather than genuine and practical , " writes Majid Rafizadeh , an Iranian-American scholar at Harvard University , in a column for al Arabiya . Iran , which is a Muslim but not an Arab nation , "  uses Hamas  as well as Tehran 's support for the Palestinian cause  as a tool to project its power and influence in the Arab world , " he argues . The Council on Foreign Relations says Iran , while cutting its funding to Hamas in recent years , "  sought to bolster its ties to other resistance groups in the region , such as Islamic Jihad . " Hezbollah The Lebanese militant group based in Lebanon is aligned with al-Assad 's regime in Syria . During the conflict , Hezbollah reached out to Hamas , praising its "  steadfastness . " This does not mean the relationship is repaired to where it stood before Syria 's civil war , but "  a new realignment might happen , " Farwaz Gerges of the London School of Economics told Time . Popular support Hamas ' greatest support in the wake of the conflict with Israel may be from the public in Gaza and other parts of the Arab world . "  Hamas is not a monolith , nor is it only a terrorist group , " Ed Husain of the Council on Foreign Relations writes on CNN.com . "  It is a social movement , with a mass membership , a popular message of resistance that resonates across the Muslim world , and a political party with which we must negotiate . " Some analysts believe Hamas will emerge stronger from the fight with Israel . The conflict "  will only further radicalize the Palestinian population -- and alienate frustrated friends in the United States , " Mark Perry of Foreign Policy argues . Before Operation Protective Edge , a poll by the Washington Institute for Near East Policy found that most Palestinians in Gaza oppose a two-state solution and want to work toward abolishing Israel -- a goal that is in line with Hamas ' charter . But the poll also found most Palestinians support nonviolent methods of achieving their goals . Support could affect arms supply While Hamas ' recruitment might soar now , militarily the group "  is on the ropes , " with tunnels destroyed and much of its rocket supply depleted , writes Rick Francona , retired U.S. Air Force intelligence officer and CNN military analyst . "  After similar conflicts in the past , Hamas has been rearmed and resupplied by its supporters , primarily Iran and to some extent Syria . The most efficient method for the rearming and resupply effort has been via the large number of smuggling tunnels between Gaza and Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula . "  That is not likely to be the case this time -- another blow to Hamas , which it must factor in to its assessment of this conflict as well as its future planning . " What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ?	Jordan , Egypt , and Saudi Arabia do n't support Hamas , analysts say Turkey and Qatar do ; some question the extent of Qatar 's support Iran and Syria had a falling out with Hamas Popular support may spike , but weapon supply is limited , analysts say
CNN  -- Kenyans gathered in the nation 's capital Saturday for a state funeral honoring Nobel laureate Wangari Maathai , marking a final journey for the first African woman to win the peace prize . Maathai , 71 , died last month after a battle with cancer . She was the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize in 2004 for her years of environmental conservation . The human rights activist also fought for the empowerment of impoverished communities in the continent . Crowds gathered at the main park in Nairobi for a state service that included President Mwai Kibaki , Prime Minister Raila Odinga and other government officials . Military forces stood guard next to a mounted picture of the activist , which had a small green shrub pinned on it . Nearby , a car carrying her coffin surrounded by green shrubs slowly made its way down a red carpet under police escort . Throngs of citizens quietly walked next to it . In true fashion to her cause , Maathai stated in her will that she did not want a wooden coffin , organizers said . The ceremony at the park included a tree-planting ceremony and interdenominational prayers . The park was a common venue for her protests , including a defiant rally to stop the government from building a high-rise on the site years ago . Following the gathering , close relatives left for a private event at the crematorium . At her request , her remains will be cremated and her ashes interred at a peace institute in the capital , according to the Green Belt Movement she founded . For decades , Maathai has been at the forefront of a tree-planting campaign to stop deforestation and give locals , especially women , access to resources such as firewood for cooking and clean water . The former parliament member was the first woman in East and Central Africa to earn a doctorate degree . She was honored by Time magazine in 2005 as one of 100 most influential people in the world . During her activism work , she was beaten and arrested numerous times , especially during the former regime of President Daniel arap Moi . Known as the Tree Mother of Africa , she launched a campaign that led to the planting of 40 million trees in Kenya . She believed that lack of natural resources causes most conflicts . "  It is evident that many wars are fought over resources which are now becoming increasingly scarce , " she said on receiving news that she had been awarded the Nobel prize . "  If we conserved our resources better , fighting over them would not occur ... protecting the global environment is directly related to securing peace . Those of us who understand the complex concept of the environment have the burden to act . We must not tire , we must not give up , we must persist . " The first African woman to receive the Nobel Peace Prize died weeks before another milestone in the continent she fought for . On Friday , the Nobel Committee awarded the peace prize to three women activists : Liberians Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , the first African woman elected head of state and Leymah Gbowee , who campaigned for peace during the nation 's brutal civil war and anti-government protester Tawakkul Karman of Yemen .	Maathai , 71 , died last month after a battle with cancer She was the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize The environmentalist also fought for the empowerment of impoverished communities Known as the Tree Mother of Africa , her campaign led to the planting of 40 million trees in Kenya
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. military said disturbing video that shows masked boys brandishing guns was an al Qaeda in Iraq training and recruiting tool . The U.S. says this image of young boys is from an al Qaeda in Iraq training and recruitment video . "  Al Qaeda in Iraq wants to poison the next generation of Iraqis , " said Rear Adm. Gregory Smith during a Baghdad news conference about the release of the tape . The video , he said , showed boys , "  many below age 11 " being used "  to produce the next generation of al Qaeda . " Masked boys are seen in the tape armed with grenade launchers , AK-47s and pistols . They 're standing in front of a black banner hung on a wall , shouting slogans . Another video shows a boy , surrounded by automatic weapons and wearing a suicide vest , according to The Associated Press . Also in the video , armed boys in black hoods , with weapons pointed , shout and force a man off his bicycle , search a car , and clear a building while a male voice off camera instructs them . Smith said the military does n't know how many children al Qaeda in Iraq uses in its operations . He said it 's believed the boys in the video were willing participants . Watch the disturbing video " "  Al Qaeda often refers to the children as the new generation of the mujahedeen , " Smith said , using the Arabic term for holy warriors . "  We 've also seen evidence of al Qaeda entering schools , disseminating propaganda and no doubt terrorizing the children and their teachers . " The video indicates that al Qaeda in Iraq was increasingly targeting children and posting propaganda on some of the 5,000 al Qaeda-affiliated Web sites . The U.S. military said the video excerpts were culled from five propaganda videos obtained during a raid targeting a senior member of al Qaeda in Iraq in December in Diyala province . In Baghdad on Wednesday , roadside bombings in south-central Iraq killed seven people and wounded nine others , Iraq 's Interior Ministry said . A roadside bomb targeting police killed four people and wounded nine others in the south-central Iraqi provincial capital of Diwaniya on Wednesday morning , an Interior Ministry official told CNN . The city is the provincial seat of the largely Shiite Qadisiya province . Police were transporting prisoners at the time of the attack . The four killed , two women , a child and a man , were civilian passers-by . Four civilians , three detainees , and two police officers were wounded . A roadside bomb exploded midmorning in central Baghdad 's Andalus Square , killing three civilians , according to the ministry . In eastern Baghdad , a third roadside bomb targeted a U.S. military patrol , the Interior Ministry said . There was no immediate word on casualties . The U.S. military on Wednesday also reported the deaths of two Sons of Iraq members who were trying to thwart a suicide attack on Tuesday in a town northwest of Baghdad . Watch more on Sons of Iraq " A militant detonated a suicide vest outside a photo shop in Awad . The pair died in the strike but "  prevented the man from detonating the explosive vest filled with ball bearings in a crowd of local Iraqis . The selflessness of these men allowed time for surviving witnesses to recognize the threat and escape the blast , " the military said . The Sons of Iraq , Concerned Local Citizens and Awakening Councils are the names of anti-al Qaeda in Iraq citizen groups that have emerged across the country in recent months . The U.S. military on Wednesday also reported a series of raids across Iraq over the last few days that led to the detentions of 20 suspected militants . The operations took place in the Baghdad area , in Mosul , and near Ramadi . Iraqi soldiers and Sons of Iraq members also found weapons caches . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	U.S. admiral says tape made from al Qaeda recruitment tapes Armed kids enact detaining bicyclist , searching car , clearing building Soldiers seized video during December raid targeting al Qaeda in Iraq leader Three separate roadside bombings in south-central Iraq kill seven , wound nine
CNN  -- A Tennessee man convicted and jailed for abusing his two infant children is charged with murder -- 23 years later . Anthony Shannon Lane was convicted in 1992 of beating his 5-week-old daughter Amanda so badly she lived the rest of her life in bed : blind and unable to talk or move , except for seizures , said her mother , Nancy Woodall-Holmes , who first fostered and then adopted Amanda . Amanda died last year at age 22 and on Monday , Lane , 41 , was charged with first-degree murder in Amanda 's death . "  She was such a treasure , " said Woodall-Holmes , who became Amanda 's foster parent on a Christmas Eve . At the time , she was told Amanda had a short life expectancy and her placement would be temporary . "  I ca n't put into words just how precious she was , " said Woodall , who adopted Amanda at age 4 "  We will work with the district attorney 's office in the prosecution of this case for justice for Amanda , " said Rutherford County Sheriff Robert Arnold . According to an autopsy by the state medical examiner 's office , Amanda 's death was a homicide , caused by complications of blunt force head injury . Lane 's first court hearing is scheduled for July 18 . Second infant abused After serving a 10-year sentence for aggravated child abuse of Amanda , Lane had a son , Ryan , who was abused at 3 months old , according to court documents . Lane was convicted in 2003 , again of aggravated child abuse , and is serving a 25-year prison sentence for that assault . Ryan suffered cerebral palsy , brain injury , blindness , epilepsy and failure to thrive from the abuse , according to a pediatrician who testified in the case . Justice for Amanda Ryan is in a wheelchair and was adopted by a family near Amanda 's home , said her mother . "  We were able to get the children together , and it seemed like they made a connection with each other , " said Woodall-Holmes . "  He was there when she died . His hand was touching her hand . " Woodall-Holmes said the murder charges against Lane , even 23 years later , will have an effect on victims of abuse . "  It may take 23 years but justice will be served . That 's the message I want to get out there . " Police : Prostitute killed tech exec with heroin Suspect in Tulsa serial sex attacks dies after crash fleeing assault	Anthony Shannon Lane is charged with murder 23 years after he abused his infant girl Amanda lived 22 years in bed , unable to move , see or speak , because of the abuse Lane also abused a half brother of Amanda 's and is serving time in prison for that Amanda was adopted by woman who says she was a treasure
CNN  -- Think Paris , and the Eiffel Tower , the Champs-Élysées and haute couture come to mind . But the City of Light also is rich in African-American history . Keeping this history alive are tour companies that share it , up close and personal , with visitors to France . From legendary entertainer Josephine Baker to internationally acclaimed artist Henry Ossawa Tanner to World War I 's ragtime-and-jazz-playing "  Harlem Hellfighters , " Paris has embraced African-American culture like few other places . Because of that legendary embrace -- one that black folks in the States had heard about since the 1800s -- Paris loomed large in their imaginations . To many who did n't always feel welcome in their native country , the city sounded like a place where they could emotionally exhale . "  It 's always been about freedom for us , " says Marcus Bruce , the Benjamin E. Mays Professor of Religious Studies at Bates College and author of "  Henry Ossawa Tanner : A Spiritual Biography . " He 's now researching a book on African-Americans at the worldwide Paris Exposition of 1900 and exploring their Parisian lives in the 19th and 20th centuries . Legendary Harlem-born author James Baldwin , who left for Paris in 1948 , said "  African-Americans discover in Paris the terms by which they can define themselves . It 's the freedom to work beyond the assumptions of what we can and ca n't do as African-Americans . It 's a different rhythm and pace . We can imagine ourselves in new ways in that space . " 10 fabulous free finds in Paris That 's where these treks through African-American history come in . Walking the Spirit Tours Julia Browne launched Walking the Spirit Tours in 1994 , and it became the first company to focus specifically on black American history in Paris . Back then , she says , "  I 'd contact travel agents in the States and they would say , ` Why would people want to do that ? ' " Times have changed for Browne , who is based near Toronto and frequently travels to France to lead tours . For example , Browne 's "  Writers , Artists & Intellectuals " tour traipses through the lively Latin Quarter and chic Saint-Germain-des-Pres . Her guests get to peek inside the Parisian café where Richard Wright wrote and see the urban landscapes that inspired Boston-born painter Lois Mailou Jones . "  The Entertainers " tour strolls still-vibrant Montmartre , the quartier where both Josephine Baker and Ada "  Bricktop " Smith once owned clubs . Snapshots : City of Light -- and love While 85 % of Walking the Spirit tour-goers are African-American , "  We do a lot of school groups from Switzerland , Canada , Germany , the Netherlands , Turkey and more and more French schools and organizations . It 's professors in European universities who are teaching black studies , " says Browne . "  For African-Americans or black Europeans , it creates a tremendous sense of pride and belonging . "  Paris is not just a foreign city , " says Browne , a certified France specialist who also offers black history tours elsewhere in France . Browne has hired a 20-something Walking the Spirit tour guide who moved to Paris from the States to pursue a singing career , and her experience in the city "  brings it up to date . People enjoy hearing the real , on-the-ground stories from her . " A new DVD vividly captures much of what Browne 's tours bring to life . In "  When African Americans Came to Paris , " Browne , award-winning documentarian Joanne Burke , and writer/cameraman David Burke feature six short videos that offer a fascinating , early 20th century look at black Americans in Paris . Walking the Spirit Tours operate year-round , with prices ranging from $ 60 to $ 70 per adult , with children up to age 15 half-price . Black Paris Tours Oakland , California , native and former broadcast journalist Ricki Stevenson fulfilled a lifelong dream of moving to the City of Light , and in 1997 launched Black Paris Tours . Her talk show host roots are obvious as she recounts the experiences of now legendary black American expatriates for guests . With the historic Arc de Triomphe on the famed boulevard Champs-Élysées as the backdrop for her tour 's start , Stevenson uses laminated photos and sketches as props that help bring this brand of American history to light . "  I can do five tours in one week and they wo n't be the same . It really depends on the people , " says Stevenson , who like Browne frequently gets university groups from around the world . Her tours also have attracted American celebrities and politicians , including R&B star Brian McKnight and former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown . "  It really depends on the level of interest , the level of understanding . I 've had professors of African-American history on the same day , and it was just magic . " As she 's done for years , Stevenson punctuates her historical soundtrack with a primer on Parisian protocol : "  How to be polite , what to expect , so that they get into being French for a minute . " She advises her guests to always greet store owners and clerks with a friendly bonjour or bonsoir when entering and au revoir when leaving ; to keep their voices low when on trains and buses and in restaurants . "  They may come as tourists , but I want them to leave as travelers who do n't just pick up souvenirs . I try to make that correlation so they understand where they are , what the culture is . "  Having been a travel reporter for six years and traveling all over the world , I want to see where people go to shop . Take me to the ` hood . I want to see us  black Parisians  as much as possible . " Since spring 2012 , one of Black Paris Tours ' four guides functions as a "  nightlife coordinator " for guests who want to experience Paris after dark . This French-speaking guide arranges evenings on the town for guests , handles plans for dining , entertainment and transportation -- and will accompany them on these adventures . Black Paris Tours operate Monday-Friday except during late December and January . Adult tour prices range from $ 70  about $ 94  for a two-thirds day tour to $ 100  about $ 134  for a full-day walking-bus tour  does n't include $ 10 lunch  . Children from age 5 to 15 are $ 30 each . Discounts are available for groups of eight or more . Entrée to Black Paris When Houston native Dr. Monique Y. Wells began leading tours in Paris more than 10 years ago , most of her guests were university study-abroad groups . She still gets them , but Entrée to Black Paris now has expanded to offer 12 different African-American history walks , including "  Black History in and Around the Luxembourg Garden " and "  Montparnasse -- The Artists ' World . " Wells ' company specializes in private , guided tours , and her most popular is "  Black Paris After World War II , " which Wells says offers "  a lot of talk about the entire African-American diaspora experience . " "  It 's important for African-Americans to see there are other race struggles going on in the world , " says Wells , whose e-book "  Black Paris Profiles , " shares the stories of 24 black American and Afro-Caribbean folks who reinvented their lives here . "  And for people who are not black and taking the tours -- if they are Americans -- to see just how much the African-American presence has brought to Paris . The Paris they know would not be the same , and it 's important for them to understand that . " Wells mentions jazz , first introduced to France by black Americans . Not only has this music led to a French-grown jazz culture , but "  so much art from the 20th century has been influenced by jazz . " Culinary contributions also figure into Entrée 's year-round tours . "  When I moved here , you could not find sweet potatoes on mainstream menus , " says Wells , a co-author of "  Food for the Soul : A Texas Expatriate Nurtures Her Culinary Roots in Paris . " Now , she says , this African-American Southern food staple is everywhere -- and served thinly sliced and fried as a bite-sized hors d'oeuvre or soup garnish . Passionate about helping tourists explore French culture through food , Wells this month will start joining Jacksonville , Florida-based Chef Amadeus for "  The Southern Passion Lounge in Paris , " an Internet radio show . Broadcast the third Thursday of each month at 1 p.m. ET , they 'll transport listeners to Parisian eateries through food , wine and music -- and also will spotlight French restaurants and chefs in the States . The newest Entrée to Black Paris offering takes guests to the western Parisian suburbs for the "  Josephine Baker Tour in Le Vésinet . " They 'll see Le Beau Chêne , the mansion Baker owned and called home for 18 years , have lunch at a nearby American-owned bed and breakfast and learn about Baker 's life over dessert . Wells and husband Tom Reeves also operate Discover Paris ! , a service offering everything from gourmet food tours to self-guided downloadable walks to presentations on "  Black Paris and the Myth of a Colorblind France . " Entrée to Black Paris ' prices range from $ 25 - $ 30 for self-guided walking tours to $ 325 for private , guided walking tours for between one and 15 people  no per-person charge  . Activities such as museum art walks and the "  Josephine Baker Tour in Le Vésinet " are group-only ; contact info@parisinsights.com for prices . Maureen Jenkins is a freelance travel , food and lifestyles writer who has visited nearly 35 countries and territories . She just returned to her native Chicago from a year in France and blogs about international travel at UrbanTravelGirl.com .	Tour companies highlight the welcome many African-Americans found in Paris Black artists , musicians and writers flocked to Paris to find greater freedom of expression Tours go to many vibrant Paris neighborhoods to retrace the steps of notable residents
CNN  There 's a stampede of investigators in California . The FBI said Friday that it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the videotaped beating of a suspect in San Bernardino . The suspect allegedly fled by car , foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him . Earlier Friday , San Bernardino Sheriff John McMahon said criminal investigations have begun into the actions of deputies as well as the suspect . In addition , an internal investigation has been launched . Ten deputies identified as being involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave , McMahon said Friday . In video captured by cameras aboard a helicopter for KNBC , deputies gather around the man after he falls from a horse he was riding to flee from them . The video shows deputies using a stun gun on him and then repeatedly kicking and hitting him . KNBC reported that the man -- identified by authorities as Francis Pusok -- appeared to be kicked 17 times , punched 37 times and hit with a baton four times . Pusok was later hospitalized , KNBC reported , citing authorities . "  The video surrounding this arrest is disturbing and I have ordered an internal investigation be conducted immediately , " McMahon said in a statement . "  What I saw on the television was thugs beating up my client , " said Jim Terrell , Pusok 's family attorney , according to CNN affiliate KCAL . "  That 's what I saw . And these questions about what was he doing ? What did they do ? This is far worse than Rodney King . " The ACLU of Southern California issued a statement Friday saying that it was "  deeply troubled " by the images . "  While we applaud Sheriff John McMahon 's prompt decision to investigate the disturbing actions of his deputies , we believe more is needed , " the organization said . "  Too often the department has failed to address questions , including those raised by the ACLU SoCal , about use of force and Taser policies . " Coming soon : An app to report police brutality The Thursday afternoon incident began when deputies tried to serve a search warrant in an identity-theft investigation , according to the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Department . Pusok fled in a vehicle , and deputies pursued him through the unincorporated area of Apple Valley , the town of Apple Valley and farther into the unincorporated area of Hesperia , the sheriff 's office said in a news release . Pusok abandoned his vehicle and fled on foot into steep , rugged terrain , with deputies pursing with off-highway vehicles and helicopters , the sheriff 's office said . "  Within minutes , deputies received information that the suspect came into contact with a group of people near the Deep Creek Hot Springs and stole a horse . He fled on horseback on dirt trails , through very rugged , steep terrain , causing numerous injuries to the horse , " the sheriff 's office said . A helicopter dropped deputies onto the ground , and as they approached Pusok to make the arrest , he was thrown from the horse , the sheriff 's office said . The sheriff 's office said a Taser was used on Pusok but was ineffective because of his loose clothing . A deputy was injured when the horse Pusok had been riding kicked him , the Sheriff 's Department said . Two other deputies were treated for dehydration . The incident comes amid heightened scrutiny of police use of force after the 2014 deaths of Eric Garner in New York and Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and the recent shooting of Walter Scott in South Carolina . In the California case , the FBI said the results of its investigation will be forwarded to the U.S. Attorney 's Office in the Central District of California and Justice Department in Washington to determine whether prosecution is warranted . Did police use excessive force ? 3 cases in the spotlight CNN 's Sam Stringer and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report .	San Bernardino sheriff says 10 deputies have been put on leave Video from a news helicopter shows deputies punching and kicking a man repeatedly
WHITE OAK , Maryland  CNN  -- Seeking to remove unapproved drugs from the marketplace , the Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday ordered nine companies to stop manufacturing narcotics whose therapeutic claims have not been proved . The FDA ordered nine companies to stop selling unapproved drugs marketed for pain relief . The FDA 's warning letters notified the companies they may be subject to legal action if they do not stop manufacturing and distributing "  prescription unapproved products " that include high-concentrate morphine sulfate oral solutions and immediate-release tablets containing morphine sulfate , hydromorphone or oxycodone . This action does not include oxycodone capsules . All of these drugs are used for pain relief and are forms of previously approved medications . The agency says this is not a recall , but is instead a warning to manufacturers . The companies have 60 days to pull these pain-relief drugs from the market . Distributors have 90 days to stop shipping them . If these drugs are not off the market by those deadlines , a company could face seizure of the narcotics and legal action . "  We estimate there are several hundred unapproved drugs out there , " said Deborah Autor , director of the office of compliance within the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . "  We will continue to take aggressive action against those firms that do not have the required FDA approval for their drugs . Today 's warning letters are another demonstration of our commitment to remove illegal , unproved drugs from the market . " Although the FDA does not know whether these drugs are unsafe , it has not approved them so can not certify that the products are 100 percent safe and effective . "  Consumers have a right to expect that their drugs meet the FDA 's safety and effectiveness standards , " said Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . "  Doctors and patients are often unaware that not all drugs on the market are backed by FDA approval . It is a high priority for the FDA to remove these products from the market because they may be unsafe , ineffective , inappropriately labeled , or of poor quality . " The FDA believes Americans have access to plenty of legal narcotics for pain relief and removing these unapproved drugs will not create a shortage . Consumers who may be concerned that they are taking any unapproved drug products should refer to the FDA 's Unapproved Drugs Web page , which includes a list of manufacturers of these products . Those who find they are taking unapproved drugs should see their health care professionals for treatment options . Those companies receiving warning letters are Boehringer Ingelheim Roxane Inc. , Columbus , Ohio ; Cody Laboratories Inc. , Cody , Wyoming ; Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Inc. , Mahwah , New Jersey ; Lannett Company Inc. , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Lehigh Valley Technologies Inc. , Allentown , Pennsylvania ; Mallinckrodt Inc. . Pharmaceuticals Group , St. Louis , Missouri ; Physicians Total Care Inc. , Tulsa , Oklahoma ; Roxane Laboratories Inc. , Columbus , Ohio ; and Xanodyne Pharmaceuticals Inc. , Newport , Kentucky .	FDA warns manufacturers they have 60 days to pull unapproved drugs from market Officials do n't know if drugs are unsafe ; they have never been approved Removing unapproved drugs not expected to create a shortage of pain relievers
Suspected Shiite militiamen opened fire Friday inside a Sunni mosque in northeast Iraq , killing dozens in an attack that appeared to derail the formation of a new government -- something world leaders have said is a must if the country hopes to defeat Islamic militants . The news of the attack that left 65 people dead came as Iraqi forces -- in some cases boosted by U.S. airstrikes -- touted successes in the fight to push back the extremist Sunni Muslim militant group , which calls itself the Islamic State . Militants control large swaths of northern Iraq and eastern Syria . The attack in the Musab bin Omar Mosque in the village of Bani Weis in Diyala province , about 75 kilometers northeast of Baquba , also left at least 17 people wounded , officials said . Sunni lawmakers withdrew from negotiations to form a new government , saying they would not return until those behind the attack were arrested , two party officials told CNN . Iraqi authorities did not immediately identify the attackers , but Sunni politicians have put the blame on Shiite militias . Calling it the latest in a series of attacks by militiamen aligned with Iraqi security forces in the fight against ISIS , Deputy Prime Minister Saleh al-Mutlaq -- a Sunni -- said the government must conduct an investigation and hold accountable those behind the attack . "  We want serious action , " he told CNN . But the United States and the United Nations called on Iraq to continue its efforts to form a united government , saying it is the only way for Iraq to defeat the sectarian divide that allowed ISIS to take hold . "  This senseless attack underscores the urgent need for Iraqi leaders from across the political spectrum to take the necessary steps that will help unify the country against all violent extremist groups , " Marie Harf , a U.S. State Department spokeswoman , said . Sunni lawmaker Nahida al-Dayani , who was grew up in the village , told Reuters that roughly 150 people were worshipping inside the mosque Friday morning when Shiite militiamen stormed the building . The attack , al-Dayani told the news agency , was believed to be retribution for a roadside bombing earlier in the day that targeted an Iraqi security force vehicle . U.S. ` understands the threat ' U.S. President Barack Obama authorized targeted airstrikes to protect U.S. personnel in Iraq -- including military advisers -- as well as minorities being brutalized by ISIS . The Pentagon also has said the airstrikes are meant to support Iraqi and Kurdish defense operations . Much has been made in recent days about whether the United States needs to expand its operations to go after ISIS fighters in their stronghold in eastern Syria . Asked Friday whether the United States was considering expanding the air campaign into Syria , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said , "  We do n't telegraph our punches . " "  I 'm not going to get ahead of planning that has n't been done or decisions that have n't been made , " Kirby said . " ... I think you can rest assured that the leadership here in the Pentagon understands the threat posed by this group , understands the threat posed inside Iraq . " ISIS vows retribution for killings ISIS , through one of its Twitter accounts , said Friday that more than 50 of its fighters were killed while defending Jalawla "  against the Peshmerga mercenaries , " a reference to Kurdish forces . A subsequent tweet said the group vowed revenge . What will it take to beat ISIS ? The threat came as Iraqi and Kurdish forces lauded gains against ISIS fighters , taking back several villages in Diyala province , and they surrounded the large ISIS-held town of Jalawla , a spokesman for Kurdish forces said . The Peshmerga and Iraqi commandos inflicted heavy losses against ISIS on Friday as they took back a number of towns and villages around Jalawla in Diyala province , Pershmerga spokesman Brig. Gen. Halgord Hikmat told CNN . Jalawla , a mostly Kurdish city of about 50,000 people roughly 70 miles northeast of Baghdad , was taken by ISIS earlier this year . Kurdish and Iraqi forces now surround it , Hikmat said . In neighboring Salaheddin province , also north of Baghdad , Iraqi helicopters killed 30 ISIS fighters in the town of Dhuluiya , about 70 kilometers northeast of Baquba , Iraqi security officials told CNN . Also Friday , Iraqi forces took another step in their attempt to take back Tikrit , the birthplace of former Iraqi ruler Saddam Hussein , Iraqi security sources said . The city fell to ISIS in June . More U.S. airstrikes near Mosul Dam Meanwhile , U.S. aircraft conducted three more airstrikes against the militants , primarily ISIS-driven vehicles , near the Mosul Dam , the Pentagon said . Since August 8 , the U.S. military has carried out 93 airstrikes , 60 of them in support of Iraqi forces near the Mosul Dam , according to the Defense Department . The dam is the largest in the country , and Iraqi and U.S. officials fear that a breach in the dam would threaten the lives of millions of Iraqis who live downstream in Mosul and Baghdad . The U.S. airstrikes have continued despite ISIS ' threat to kill another American hostage . Earlier this week , ISIS posted to the Internet a video showing the execution of American journalist James Foley . The group threatened the life of another man , believed to be American journalist Steven Sotloff , if the United States did n't end airstrikes in Iraq . Obama vowed justice in a televised address on Wednesday , saying the country would "  continue to do what we must do to protect our people . " Where is ISIS ?	Sunni lawmakers pull out of talks to form a government over the killings ISIS vows retribution for killing of 50 of its fighters in Iraq Mosque gunmen were militiamen , Sunni lawmaker says Sunni lawmakers pull out of government negotiations over killings
CNN  -- Colombia opened their Copa America campaign with a victory on Saturday , defeating 10-man Costa Rica 1-0 in Jujuy . The 2001 champions went top of Group A courtesy of a goal on the stroke of half-time from Hertha Berlin striker Adrian Ramos . Costa Rica had a mountain to climb once they lost a player in the 27th minute -- winger Randall Brenes shown a straight red card for a bad foul on Amaranto Perea . Bolivia hold hosts Argentina in Copa America opener Young goalkeeper Leonel Moreira kept the Colombia attack at bay but was unable to do anything about the goal , with Ramos beating him to a pinpoint through-ball from Freddy Guarin . Colombia continued to creat chances after the break , with Ramos and Hugo Rodallega both denied by Moreira , while Radamel Falcao headed against the crossbar from close range . "  It 's great to start off with a win -- it 's a real confidence boost , " Ramos told reporters . "  We were good in parts and bad in parts too , but the important thing was to win , " added the 25-year-old . The result lifts Colmbia to the top of the group ahead of host nation Argentina and Bolivia -- who drew 1-1 in Friday 's opening match .	Colombia begin their Copa America campaign with a 1-0 win over Costa Rica Hertha Berlin striker Adrian Ramos scores the only goal on the stroke of half-time The result lifts Colombia to the top of the group ahead of Argentina and Bolivia
CNN  The Australian Open curse looked like it was going to strike Rafael Nadal again . But this time he managed to get through it . Maria Sharapova survived a scare , too , while Roger Federer might have been stung by a bee on an eventful third day at the year 's opening major . Hampered by knee , hamstring and back injuries in past losses in Melbourne , 14-time grand slam winner Nadal felt dizzy and was close to exiting in the second round against American qualifier Tim Smyczek . But Nadal showed his champion 's heart to rally past his 112th-ranked foe 6-2 3-6 6-7  2  6-3 7-5 in more than four hours . When the night match was over Nadal sunk to the court , reminiscent of a celebration for someone who has just won a grand slam final . In an on-court interview , he said cramps were the source of his troubles . Recent inactivity did n't help , either . Nadal has n't played much tennis the past six months . "  I felt very tired after the first set , " Nadal told the crowd . "  I do n't know what 's going on , " he added . "  I felt this irritation after the first set . "  I started to have some cramps around the body , different places , so that says I was not in the perfect shape because it 's not normal after one hour to start to have these types of things . But it 's normal , after a tough period of time without having the chance to be on the tour . " The last time Nadal played under the lights on Rod Laver Arena , it was indeed in a grand slam final . He hurt his back 12 months ago and lost to Stan Wawrinka in four sets . There did n't appear to be anything amiss with Nadal after he won the first set in routine fashion against Smyczek on Wednesday , but things took a turn for the worse for him in the middle of the second . Recovering a break for 1-2 in the third , Nadal called for the doctor and was given medication . Nadal 's shots lacking depth from the baseline and with no punch on his serve , Smyczek grew in confidence . Still when Nadal broke and held for 5-3 , order seemed to be restored . Smyczek , though , broke back and swept to the tiebreak 7-2 with some flashy tennis . Early in the fourth , a hunched-over Nadal was spent physically but somehow he broke and closed out the set . Holding a 16-5 record in fifth sets , the numbers favored Nadal in the decider . Despite missing three break points earlier in the set , Nadal capitalized in the 11th game and eventually prevailed . But Smyczek walked off court to huge applause . If his winners were n't enough , he allowed Nadal to replay a serve in the last game when a fan shouted out . Nadal took note . "  Not a lot of people would do something like this at 6-5 after four hours , so just congratulate him for that and because he played a great match , " said Nadal . Sharapova close to exiting It was the second round of the Australian Open , so Sharapova should have known there would be some drama . A year after the Russian saw off Karin Knapp 10-8 in the third set in sizzling conditions in Melbourne , she was even closer to exiting Wednesday . Sharapova needed to save two match points before finally overcoming compatriot Alexandra Panova 6-1 4-6 7-5 in similarly steamy -- though it was n't as warm as last year -- daytime conditions . Sharapova struck 43 unforced errors in the final two sets but crucially for the five-time grand slam champion , she produced forehand winners on the match points with Panova serving at 5-4 in the third . That game was a missed opportunity for the 150th-ranked qualifier , and Panova also led by two breaks in the third at 4-1 . Sharapova , who is attempting to win a first major in seven years outside Roland Garros , was left both relieved and annoyed . "  I did n't feel that I was positive enough , even though I was making a few more errors than I would have liked , " she told reporters . "  And I was n't making enough first serves . "  But I was thinking about it too much instead of just like being in the present , saying , ` Hey , go up to the line , do what you do , do what you 've done thousands of times . "  I 'm good at that and I 'll continue to be good at that . But some days are just a little off . Today was one of them . " Sharapova 's performance might not bode well for the rest of the tournament , but at the same time , it might simply be a blip . Last year at the Australian Open , Li Na survived a match point in the third round against Lucie Safarova and then went on to win her second grand slam title . "  You never know how you 're going to feel until you go out on the court and compete and play , " Sharapova said . "  No matter how you prepare , what you did , once you get out there , everything starts from scratch . "  It was a tough day , but I pulled through . I guess at this point that 's what matters . "  Certainly gives me a lot of confidence that I did n't play my best tennis and was able to come through . " Federer drops set Federer lost a set and was visited by the trainer , too , although he was n't troubled nearly as much as Sharapova and Nadal . He called for the trainer after losing the first set due to an issue with his hand , yet was n't sure what the problem was . He did n't discount a bee sting . "  I do n't know what it was , " Federer said . "  I still do n't know . I just wanted to have a chat with the physio just see what we can do . "  I know there is nothing we could do . I knew we could n't tape it up because then it would be even bigger and more weird . I just said , ' I hope it does n't get worse or stay like this . ' Actually it went away , but now I feel it again . " The record 17-time grand slam winner recovered and eventually eased past Italian Simone Bolelli 3-6 6-3 6-2 6-2 . Federer only faced one break point and hit 15 aces . The Swiss ' potential quarterfinal foe is Andy Murray , and the Scot made quick work of Aussie Marinko Matosevic 6-1 6-3 6-2 . Viktor Troicki , meanwhile , extended his winning streak to 10 matches by defeating Argentina 's Leonardo Mayer 6-4 4-6 6-4 6-0 . The Serb 's ranking fell outside the top 800 in July following a contentious drug suspension but Troicki now finds himself in the top 60 after winning a title in Sydney last week . The ranking will climb further with his wins in Melbourne . "  I 'm enjoying playing tennis and having fun on the court , " Troicki , a former top-20 player , said . "  I missed it a lot and that gives me a lot of joy on the court and a lot of motivation . "  Trying to use any chance , any match , any tournament . It 's going well . "	Rafael Nadal rallies to beat Tim Smyczek at the Australian Open Maria Sharapova saves two match points in Melbourne The Russian defeats compatriot Alexandra Panova 7-5 in third Roger Federer drops a set but sees off Simone Bolelli
WIRED  -- The end of the internet comes not with a bang or a procession of four lolcats of the apocalypse , but just with two blinking lights on a modem . At least that 's how it came for Andre Vrignaud , a 39-year-old gaming consultant in Seattle , when Comcast shut him off from the internet for using too much data . Vrignaud , it seems , committed the foul of using more than 250 GB of data on Comcast two months in a row , triggering the company 's overage policy that results in a year-long ban from using its services . "  It 's one of those things I never thought would hit me , " Vrignaud said . "  They did n't even call . I just got double blinking lights on my modem . " "  If I 'd been foolish enough to depend on something like Skype or some other VOIP service for 911 , I would have been hosed , " Vrignaud said , arguing that internet service has become a utility much like water and electricity -- services that ca n't easily be turned off , due to regulations . It was the second month in a row that Vrignaud got those blinking lights . The first time he called in and tried to figure out what the problem was . So he turned off the router he had that was open to the public , and asked his roommate to go a bit lighter on data usage , since his household is heavy on streaming media , including YouTube , NetFlix and Pandora . WIRED : Shed a tear , the age of broadband caps begins What he did n't count on , Vrignaud said , was that Comcast , who he was paying $ 60 a month for a 15Mbps download speed , was counting uploads against the quota as well . Just recently he 'd switched his online backup system from Mozy to Carbonite , after Mozy put an end to its unlimited back-up service . Carbonite has no such limit , but does throttle users ' uploads once it hits a high level . And Vrignaud , a hardcore geek who at one point worked as a Microsoft technology evangelist for XBox 360 and XBox live , has a lot of data he shares with the cloud . He 's got his music ripped into lossless FLAC format , in addition to lower rates , amounting to about a gig a disc -- which he stores in a basement RAID server that can handle 12 TB of data .  He says it has plenty of empty space . WIRED : AT&T puts broadband users on monthly allowance As an amateur photographer , he saves his photos in RAW format , which can run to about 10MB per image . And when Amazon last week opened up its cloud music service to unlimited storage of music files in AAC , Vrignaud batch-converted his collection and began uploading it . The music is what he assumes caused the problem , but he 's not sure . He admits to doing a little bittorrenting in the last month , but says it was limited to getting a few episodes of a famous British sci-fi show that 's not totally available in the U.S. And all Comcast is saying is that he 's kicked off -- and under the terms of the ban , he ca n't even switch to a uncapped , higher-priced , lower-speed business connection . Comcast told Wired.com that Vrignaud is at fault for not monitoring his bandwidth better . Spokesman Charlie Douglas says the 250 GB limit , which it imposed in October 2008 after agreeing to not throttle peer-to-peer traffic , is intended to keep users like Vrignaud from impacting their neighbors . Median data usage for its cable internet customers is 4 to 6 GBs per month , according to Douglas . WIRED : Verizon halts unlimited smartphone data plans "  Looking at the facts , it appears that it is a straightforward story , " Douglas said . "  There 's not much we can say . We called and reiterated the policy and told him if he did exceed it again in six months , he would face suspension . That is our policy . " "  If someone 's behavior is such that it degrades the quality of service for others nearby -- that 's what this threshold is meant to address , " Douglas said . "  It can negatively affect other people . " That 's in part because cable internet connections work off a loop of cable shared by a collection of customers . The more data being used , the slower everyone 's speed gets , unless the company spends the money to break a loop into smaller loops . This is why cable connections can get very slow in the evening , when many people go online for entertainment . You might think that Comcast is trying to save money on bandwidth by capping the GBs . But data usage is not very expensive for a large ISP . It 's somewhere around 2 cents per GB of traffic sent to or received from the greater internet , and the prices keep dropping . WIRED : Comcast rolls out broadband meters coast and coast Oddly though , the 250 GB cap has n't increased at all since ' 08 , even as Comcast has aggressively adopted better technology called DOCSIS that lets them send more and more data through the same size pipes , which the company has used to increase the speed of customers ' connections , mostly without charge . The policy is ostensibly meant to help with congestion at peak times , but it makes no differentiation between data used in the evenings and that used from midnight to 8 a.m. when internet usage typically falls off . That 's a model that Americans are very familiar with , thanks to mobile phone calling plans that discourage calling during weekday business hours , when minutes are counted against a preset quota , while making nights and weekends calls free . However , the simple total bandwidth model is the one that 's become popular . AT&T recently slapped a 150 GB per month cap on its DSL service , while Time Warner Cable trialed services with extremely low caps , only to retreat after intense protest by customers and politicians . On the mobile front , AT&T , Verizon and T-Mobile all have caps on mobile data usage  with varying penalties and overcharges  , leaving only Sprint without any real cap . Vrignaud , like many others , thinks Comcast 's limits are really about trying to protect its core video cable business from people switching to online alternatives such as Netflix and Hulu . Vrignaud says he 's weighing his other connectivity options -- which are limited to some relatively slow DSL connections and the troubled Clearwire 4G to the home servie . Verizon laid some fiber near Seattle , but Comcast 's franchise agreements with the city prohibited Verizon from laying fiber in the city proper -- and Verizon has since given up on the area . So for now he 's using neighbors ' open access points and internet cafes to do his business , many of which are powered by Comcast . But he 's vowing not giving up quietly and has already posted about the cutoff on his blog , which attracted more than 130 comments by Wednesday -- not all of them supportive . Vrignaud vows to plead his case to politicians and regulators . "  I struggle when I watch Comcast raising broadband speeds , and at same time , saying they ca n't afford all this internet usage , without doing deep packet inspection and other invasive things , " Vrignaud said . "  They have n't laid new cable in 15 years . I 'm pretty much a nonregulation guy , and I 'd just rather let the market be competitive . But I get really frustrated in situations like this where what is truly a bad company is not being forced to improve because it does n't have to . I really do n't have any choices here . " Comcast sees it differently . "  People should be careful if they have a terabyte of data to back-up , " Douglas said . "  They should manage their consumption carefully , and do it over time . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Andre Vrignaud used more than 250 GB of data on Comcast two months in a row Vrignaud was paying $ 60 a month for a 15Mbps download speed AT&T recently slapped a 150 GB per month cap on its DSL service AT&T , Verizon and T-Mobile all have caps on mobile data usage
CNN  In the center of China 's eastern Zhejiang Province lies Commodity City , which photographer Richard John Seymour says is the largest small-commodity wholesale market in the world . The shopper 's paradise , in the city of Yiwu , covers 46 million square feet and has about 62,000 booths , with 100,000 suppliers exhibiting 400,000 kinds of products . The sheer enormity of the place posed challenges for London-based Seymour , who visited Commodity City twice last year . "  I tried to see as much as I could in the days that I was there , and became very quickly exhausted by the constant sensory overload , " he said via email . "  I spent a total of four days constantly walking around Yiwu and would n't say I got near to seeing all of the stalls . " Seymour 's "  Yiwu Commodity City " photo project began in January 2014 , when he established both the style and content of his photos : the sellers in their environments in addition to the monotony of the market itself . When Seymour returned to Yiwu in August , he felt well-prepared to begin shooting . During this visit , he also came to better understand the atmosphere and dynamics of the market . "  The atmosphere of the market was quite unusual in that one gets the sense that it really is home to a community , " he said . "  The second trip I made to the market was during school summer vacation , and because of this there were children in a huge number of the stores who obviously  spent  the day in the market with their parents . There were also children running and playing throughout the market , riding scooters along its vast corridors , chasing each other around , etc. . It gave the impression that this was more than just a place of business , but a place of life , something that took me by surprise . " The photos are like an endless delivery of presents , as each and every shot unwraps an assortment of contents within the identically square-shaped booths of the sellers . "  Shooting Yiwu in a repetitive way , for me , becomes a very interesting way of describing the place , as each store becomes describable only by the items for sale within it , " Seymour said . An estimated 40,000 visitors make their way into Commodity City every day . Many of them are retail buyers . Because of the large number of visitors and their diverse backgrounds , buyers and sellers typically communicate utilizing translators that work in the market permanently . "  There is a broad mix of people in Yiwu , buyers and sellers come from all over the world . However just from my own experiences and those of others I spoke to , the fastest growing markets are of Middle Eastern and African buyers , " Seymour said . There are thousands of orders placed at Commodity City that are later sold to consumers in many different countries . "  I learned a great deal during this project , " Seymour said . "  If there was one thing that particularly stands out , it was the scale of production in China . ... Everything in Yiwu is a one-of-a-kind sample . Orders are made in Yiwu , but the factories nearby manufacture the items , so what you 're seeing in the market is actually not for sale . This is why the stores are so visually rich , because there is no need for multiple samples , every item is different . " What makes Seymour 's photos so striking is how they encompass a mixture of familiar sights with unknown wonder . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  Possibly the most interesting aspect of this project was when I occasionally encountered an item that was very familiar to me in such a strange place , " he said . "  We tend to adopt quite personal emotions to our belongings , and if we see something in our own home every day then it naturally fosters quite an intimate relationship . What was interesting was then seeing one of these items halfway across the globe , a constant reminder that we have a connection with places around the world  that  we know next to nothing about . " Many of the items shown in the photographs are very ordinary . There are woolen hats , artificial flowers , mannequins and even cooking utensils . But there are also mysterious sellers barely visible in their booths . Just as the city of Yiwu is surrounded by mountains , the sellers at Commodity City are boxed-in by their very own mountains of commodities . "  For me there  is  quite a beautiful metaphor in Yiwu , there is a kind of beauty in the numbness of the expressions in contrast with their colorful surroundings , perhaps highlighting the perils of untapped consumption , " Seymour said . "  The inhabitants of these spaces become almost swallowed by the objects that make them their living . They are , quite literally , consumed . " The "  Yiwu Commodity City " photos are part of a larger series by Seymour titled "  Consumed , " and it was completed in collaboration with the Unknown Fields Division , a nomadic design studio that works to show how distant landscapes connect to the rest of the world . Seymour 's photos ultimately leave viewers to reflect upon the possibility that Commodity City may in fact be the origin of many of the products they currently own . "  I definitely view the items I see in many shops differently now that I have seen  Yiwu  . I 'll often see a particular item whilst walking around London and think to myself , ` I 'm sure that came from Yiwu , ' " Seymour said . According to China 's state-run news agency Xinhua , more than 60 % of the world 's Christmas decorations are made in Yiwu and wholesaled at Commodity City . The likelihood is relevant well beyond Christmastime , however . Whether enjoying the beach , purchasing clothing or even playing games at the local fairground , consider if the "  Made in China " label imprinted on those inflatable beach balls , shirt buttons , and cuddly teddy bears perhaps connects all the way to one of the Commodity City booths . "  I believe that more and more , we are defining our environments not as the spaces themselves , in terms of the buildings or architecture , but rather by the objects and devices that we buy and surround ourselves with . ... I would like that message to carry through universally , " Seymour said . Richard John Seymour is a photographer based in London . You can follow him on Instagram and Twitter .	Richard John Seymour traveled to the Chinese city of Yiwu to photograph Commodity City In "  Yiwu Commodity City , " Seymour documents the buyers and sellers that make up the wholesale market The photos shed light on how the products people own may connect to unfamiliar , distant landscapes
CNN  -- Ivory Coast , the perennial underachiever of the Africa Cup of Nations , began the 2013 tournament with a hard-fought 2-1 victory over Togo on Tuesday . After suffering a shock defeat in last year 's final by Zambia , "  Les Elephants " are hoping to finally end a 21-year wait for the title in this month 's competition in South Africa . Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure put Ivory Coast ahead in front of a small crowd in Rustenberg to ensure he has now scored in four successive Africa Cup of Nations tournaments . Africa Cup of Nations 2013 : The teams Jonathan Ayite leveled for Togo just before the break , but Arsenal forward Gervinho fired home a dramatic late winner to seal the points . Although happy with the result , Ivory Coast coach Sabri Lamouchi was left disappointed with his team 's showing and has urged his players to learn from the contest . "  I was expecting something better from us -- it was n't our best performance , " Lamouchi told reporters . "  I thought the first match was going to be difficult , but it was much harder than I was envisaging . "  I 'm happy with the win , but we made too many mistakes , and will have to use this game as a lesson . " Togo coach Didier Six was still fuming at the decision of the referee to disallow his side 's effort with the scores level at 1-1 and made a hasty exit from the press conference . "  I think my team deserved something else than that . It was n't right , the rules were n't respected , " He told reporters : Mourinho mentors Cape Verde 's ` Special One ' Togo , ranked 63 places below Ivory Coast , should have taken an early lead when Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor raced clear on goal only to miss his kick and let Boubacar Barry save . It was a mistake which was to be punished as Toure lashed home via a deflection to give Ivory Coast an eighth-minute lead . The African player of the year went close to doubling his side 's advantage when his rasping effort hit the woodwork , but Togo drew level with just seconds of the first half remaining . Serge Akakpo 's corner caused mayhem inside the penalty area and Ayite fired the ball home past a helpless Barry . Togo 's "  Sparrowhawks " then thought they had taken the lead when Dare Nibombe headed home a quickly taken corner , but the referee disallowed the effort after deeming the set-piece had been taken before the whistle had been blown . That frustration was further increased when Gervinho met Toure 's free-kick at the far post to sweep home an 88th-minute winner . Fuad Ibrahim eyes Africa Cup of Nations chance Tunisia triumph In Tuesday 's other match in Group D , Tunisia scored a 90th-minute winner to see off Algeria 1-0 at Rustenberg 's Royal Bafokeng stadium . Algeria dominated for much of the contest , but could not find a way through a stubborn Tunisia defense in the first meeting between the North African rivals in the tournament 's 56-year history . And with time running out , Youssef Msakni produced a breathtaking curling effort which flew into the net and spark wild celebrations . Ethiopia fined Meanwhile , tournament organizers confirmed that Ethiopia has been fined $ 10,000 after its fans threw missiles onto the field of play during Monday 's 1-1 draw with defending champion Zambia . The incident took place after Ethiopia goalkeeper Jemal Tassew was shown a straight red card during the first half . A statement on the tournament website read : "  After the expulsion of the goalkeeper , the Ethiopian spectators threw all sort of missiles at the field of play  plastic bottles , vuvuzelas ... etc  . "  The Board decided to impose a financial sanction on Ethiopia amounting to $ 10,000 , nevertheless , the board decided to suspend 5,000 USD on condition that Ethiopia is not found guilty of a similar offense until the end of the tournament  Article 83.3 of CAF Disciplinary Code  . "	Ivory Coast begins campaign with 2-1 win over Togo in Rustenburg Yaya Toure and Gervinho on target for Ivory Coast Tunisia scores last-minute winner to defeat Algeria Ethiopia fined $ 10,000 following missile incident
CNN  -- Luiz Felipe Scolari 's mission to lead Brazil to World Cup glory on home soil suffered an inauspicious start as his team suffered its first defeat by England for 23 years . Scolari , who replaced Mano Menezes at the helm in November for a second spell in charge , looked on from the touchline as goals from Wayne Rooney and Frank Lampard gave England a 2-1 victory Wednesday . Ronaldinho 's return to the team after a one year absence ended in disappointment after his penalty was saved by England goalkeeper Joe Hart . Scolari "  obliged " to win World Cup The 32-year-old lasted just 45 minutes , but former Chelsea manager Scolari says the playmaker will be given another chance to prove his worth following an unimpressive showing . "  He has played 90 minutes for the first time this year last week , so it 's to be expected that he is not fully in the conditions that he wants , " Scolari told reporters . "  It was established that Neymar would take the penalties but he was changing his shin pad , or something like that . "  Ronaldinho took the ball and nobody is going to ask a player of that experience and with that caliber to back down and let somebody else take it . " England had taken the lead just minutes after Ronaldinho 's failure from the spot when Rooney lashed home following good work from Theo Walcott . Brazil drew level after the interval when a mistake by Chelsea 's Gary Cahill allowed substitute Fred to rifle home an equalizer from just inside the penalty area . But Lampard , who came on at half-time , fired home the winner when his effort flew off Julio Cesar 's post and into the net . England manager Roy Hodgson told BBC radio : "  It 's my first crack at Brazil as a manager and I 'm delighted to have been able to oversee a victory . "  It was an all-round performance from the team , there were some very , very good moments and I thought we were good value for two goals to one . " Top five signings of the transfer window ? Elsewhere , World and European champions Spain extended its unbeaten run to 17 games with a 3-1 win over Uruguay in Qatar . Barcelona 's Pedro Rodriguez scored twice and Cesc Fabregas was also on target for Spain with Cristian Rodgriuez netting for Uruguay . The contest also saw Barcelona 's Carles Puyol captain the side on the occasion his 100th international appearance . "  Pedro is a dynamic player , " Spain coach Vicente del Bosque told reporters . "  He knows exactly what he has to do and he has the touch of speed needed in modern football . "  We had periods of good football in the first-half but we lacked a bit of directness and Pedro provided this with his speed . " Spain make compelling case as best team ever Italy needed a last gasp strike from Marco Verratti to secure a 1-1 draw in Holland . The home side looked set for victory thanks to Jeremain Lens ' 33rd minute strike , but Italy hit back to salvage a draw . Germany came from behind to defeat France 2-1 in Paris thanks to goals from Thomas Muller and Sami Khedira . It was the first time since 1987 that the Germans have beaten France , which had taken a first half lead through Mathieu Valbuena . "  We played some good stuff going forward , but were punished for our mistakes , especially at their equalizer , " France coach Didier Deschamps told reporters . "  We kept pushing right to the end , but unfortunately it was n't to be . " Ronaldo admits Real 's Champions League ` anxiety ' Cristiano Ronaldo was on target for Portugal , but the Real Madrid star could n't prevent his side from losing 3-2 at home to Ecuador . Portugal had led 2-1 after Ronaldo and Helder Postiga had overturned Antonio Valencia 's second minute strike . But an own-goal from Joao Pereira and a Felipe Caicedo effort sealed a surprise win for the South Americans . Messi and Balotelli spot on Leo Messi failed to score as Argentina claimed a 3-2 win over Sweden in Stockholm . An own-goal by Mikael Lustig gave Argentina the lead before Jonas Olsson equalized in the 18th minute . Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero restored his side 's lead 60 seconds later with Gonazlo Higuain adding a third soon after . Rasmus Elm 's 90th minute strike proved a mere consolation for the home side . Elsewhere , Belgium defeated Slovakia 2-1 , Russia won 2-0 in Iceland , Croatia defeated South Korea 4-0 and Romania overcame Australia 3-2 .	England defeats Brazil 2-1 in Luiz Felipe Scolari 's first game back in charge Spain overcomes Uruguay 3-1 thanks to Pedro double Germany comes from behind to defeat France 2-1 Italy holds Holland to 1-1 draw with late Marco Verratti strike
Paris  CNN  -- There 's more to being a model than just looking pretty , according to Liu Wen . And she should know . Liu is one of the world 's highest-paid models and the first Chinese face to crack the top five in Forbes ' annual list of top earners . She says that far from being a week long party , Paris Fashion Week is an arduous mix of shoots , shows and limited sleep . Models , even well-known ones like Liu , turn up at fashion week with no shows booked and are often slotted in just 24 hours before the shows are scheduled to start . In the meantime , they just have to sit it out and wait for a designer to call , although when you are as big as Wen , you know the phone will ring . Next come fittings , and although models like Liu look exquisite in whatever they wear , not every collection will suit her body shape or complexion . "  A designer might  design a big coat , " explains Liu . "  So ... the model  must have  big shoulders to hang the clothes . " That means , that even after a fitting , Lui still wo n't know if she 'll walk the show . The 26-year-old admits it can be a whirl : "  When I am in Paris , I have no idea what my schedule  is  ... everything is always last minute . You do n't know exactly what you are doing . You only know you have to wake up , the driver take you , you go in the back seat , you have make-up , hair , and then walk in the show and then the driver take you and you go and walk in another show . "  Sometimes you know , we have a crazy schedule . One time , I did 27 shows in London , and 22 or 23 shows in Paris . I do n't know how I did it ! " Looking fresh in the midst of a tough schedule requires insider knowledge . Here Liu shares with CNN the survival secrets that get her through fashion week . Always be prepared "  During Fashion Week , you always know about your schedule at the last minute , "  says Liu , who walked a record 74 shows during the Fall/Winter 2009 season . This means models must always be ready to dash out to a fitting , casting or catwalk at the drop of a hat . Get plenty of beauty sleep -- when you can Between early call-times and late-night runway shows , Wen can be up and about from 5am to midnight . But it 's still important for her to squeeze in as much sleep as possible . "  I think  sleep  is really good for skin , " she says . "  When you sleep very well and eat healthy , you look well and very beautiful . " Stay hydrated "  For Fashion Week , the girls are always running around backstage from a show to another show , " Liu says . "  I always have one bottle of water because sometimes you are very thirsty . " It 's also not rare for stylists to use bottled water to rinse wash a model 's hair when there are no sinks available . Find your relaxation technique and stick to it For Wen , this means bringing her own music to listen to backstage , as well as a good book . And to unwind physically ? "  I bring a very cute massage ball . Sometimes in the evening I do a little bit massage to make my body more relaxed . " Show off your personal style Wen may have made her fortune showing off others ' designs , but she feels that showing off her own style is also important . "  I think the personal style for model is very important because I think it can show that all the girls have very different personalities , " Liu says . "  When you have your own style you just represent yourself . " Make time for your friends "  Most of the time we live in different countries or different cities , " Liu says . "  We do n't have that much time to hang out , and only  during  fashion week we can see each other a lot backstage . That 's why I love to take a picture , and then sometimes just have fun ! " Do n't forget your map  or at least Google Maps "  After six years doing shows I still do n't know Paris very well ! " Enjoy yourself In spite of the stress of the shows , Wen is appreciative of the chance to be working in the City of Lights at all . "  I do love Paris Fashion Week because Paris is a very beautiful city , " she says . "  When I was young , I dreamed  of coming  to Paris . " The pampered life of Karl Lagerfeld 's pet cat Front-row politics , no-show models : What really goes on backstage at a fashion show Paris Fashion Week -- in photos	Even supermodels turn up at Paris Fashion Week with no bookings They have to sit it out and wait for a call from a designer Chinese model Liu Wen says : "  It 's a little bit crazy . " She once walked a record 74 shows in one season
CNN  -- A journalist was among three people killed Friday during clashes between Muslim Brotherhood supporters and Egyptian security forces in eastern Cairo , Egypt 's Interior Ministry said . Mayada Ashraf was fatally shot , according to her employer , the private Egyptian newspaper Al-Dustour . She was covering the fighting when she was killed , the state-run Middle East News Agency reported . The clashes involved people who were protesting this week 's decision by Egyptian army chief Abdel Fattah El-Sisi to resign from the military and run for president , semiofficial news outlet Ahram Online reported . The demonstrators were supporters of deposed Egyptian President Mohammed Morsy , a former Muslim Brotherhood leader , Ahram Online said . Ashraf was in her 20s and graduated from college last year , according to Al-Dustour . Definitive information on who shot her was n't immediately available . A representative for the Committee to Protect Journalists called on the Egyptian government Friday to open an independent and impartial investigation into Ashraf 's death . The organization noted that opposing groups -- those supporting the army , and those supportive of the Muslim Brotherhood -- were blaming each other for the killing . "  A journalist 's death should not be used to settle political scores -- the focus should be on journalists ' right to safely cover events in Egypt , " said Sherif Mansour , the CPJ 's Middle East and North Africa program coordinator . Protests similar to that in eastern Cairo happened across the country on Friday , Ahram Online reported . El-Sisi 's decision is just one of the latest grievances expressed by Morsy supporters . El-Sisi deposed Morsy last year following mass protests against Morsy 's rule . Morsy became Egypt 's first freely elected leader in 2012 , a year after a popular uprising ended Hosni Mubarak 's three decades of one-man rule . El-Sisi is popular among Egyptians who supported the army 's decision to remove Morsy from power a year into his term -- seeing him as the kind of strong man needed to end the turmoil dogging Egypt since Mubarak 's 2011 ouster . But El-Sisi is reviled by the Islamist opposition , which sees him as the mastermind of a coup against an elected leader and the author of a fierce crackdown on dissent . Egypt has suffered bloody internal strife since Morsy was overthrown . On Wednesday , police clashed with protesters at Cairo University who were demonstrating against a court 's decision to sentence 529 supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood to death . In a separate report , Al-Ahram quoted the health ministry as saying one person was killed and eight injured in the clashes . Monday 's court ruling drew widespread criticism from international human rights groups .	Mayada Ashraf was killed while covering clashes , state-run news outlet reports Committee to Protect Journalists calls for independent investigation Clashes happened during protests of army chief 's decision to run for president
CNN  -- This week , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released its newest study on the rate of autism among 8-year-olds , showing that 1 in 88 has some form of the disorder . Previously , it was 1 in 110 . Does the new figure indicate that we are seeing an epidemic of autism , as some have speculated ? At this point , it 's not clear . One possibility is that we are seeing the result of better detection rather than a real surge in autism . However , there are some striking parts about the study , which used data from 2008 collected in 14 sites across the United States . The rate of autism increased by more than 45 % from 2002 to 2008 in numerous sites . It was a larger and more consistent increase than from 2002 to 2006 . Also intriguing is that the increase was very uneven in terms of geography , gender , race and ethnicity . Some sites had nearly five times as many children with autism as others . In several sites , almost 1 in 33 8-year-old boys were diagnosed with autism . This seems difficult to believe , particularly when these sites had smaller samples and children with less severe intellectual disabilities . One wonders if some sites became part of the study because of a long-term commitment to autism services , and this had drawn certain families to live nearby , resulting in an increase in the frequency of diagnoses made by local medical centers or educational programs . But since the children did n't just meet the CDC study criteria for autistic characteristics -- 80 % of them had autistic diagnosis from community physicians -- it may be that there is truly a higher rate of autism . Granted , the children were not actually seen by CDC researchers , so it 's possible that the methods of diagnosis varied among the sites . So , what are the implications of the study ? The CDC researchers are aware that it 's critical to identify the sources of variability in their data . For example , why were nearly twice as many children diagnosed with autism in Utah than in Colorado or Arizona ? If the rates are really increasing , does it mean that many more children , particularly those from ethnic or racial minorities who are often missed , could have autism and we just do n't know yet ? If we do a better job of identifying children with autism , the rate will certainly continue to increase . How do we address this issue , which is not unique to autism ? Thomas Insel , director of the National Institute of Mental Health , commented that the most useful approach right now is to assume that there is an increase in autism and try to figure out why this is happening . Since we know the disorder is a neurobiological condition , could it be caused by environmental factors ? Many researchers are trying to find out . Regardless of all the unanswered questions , we should keep in mind that autism is a common condition . More children need autism services than ever before . We need cost-effective ways to identify the disorder at early ages , provide adequate support and work with affected families to help their children transition to adulthood . For families concerned that their child might have autism , it 's important to be persistent in seeking help . The study suggests that children with autism in some parts of the country are much more likely to be recognized than in other parts , so seek the best resources possible and do not give up until you are sure . It may be that your child does not have autism since the disorder overlaps with various other common conditions such as delayed language ability and attention deficit disorder . Far more children do n't have autism than do . With world autism awareness day coming up on Monday , there are many reasons to hope for a brighter future for children and adults who have autism . Despite the concerns about rising autism rates , more services and treatments are available , and they will get even better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Catherine Lord .	A new government study shows that rate of autism has increased Catherine Lord : It 's striking that increase is uneven in terms of region , gender , race and ethnicity She says researchers are trying to find out the reason behind rising rate Lord : For families that may have a child with autism , be persistent in seeking help
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- When trouble strikes in our personal lives and we are searching for a source , it usually makes sense to take a look in a familiar place -- the mirror . And so it should be in our troubled politics today . Many of us are deeply angry at politicians in Washington and the broken government they have created . We tend to look down upon them as jackasses and ideologues who are incapable of organizing a two-car funeral . We blame special interests for capturing them , a 24/7 media for encouraging them , and power for corrupting them . Indeed , a list of reasons for broken government could -- and will -- fill a week of columns . But perhaps we give too little attention to the basic notion that our politicians are also a reflection of the public they represent . As the old saying goes , we get the president we deserve -- and usually the Congress , too . In truth , our fractured politics are due in no small part to a fractured country -- one in which consensus and moderation are disappearing . With apologies to President Truman : the buck stops here . Those of us who are older -- born somewhere close to midcentury -- grew up in an America where there was a general consensus that the United States was a great nation , that you could be a success if you worked hard and played by the rules , that government had a positive role to play when trouble hit , and that politics must stop at the water 's edge as we united against dangerous enemies . But with Vietnam , the tumult of the '60s and '70s , Watergate and more , our sense of common purpose began collapsing . Listen for a moment to three of the smartest observers in the country who have weighed in this week on the collapse . In this week 's New York Magazine , columnist Frank Rich argues that by the late 1960s , "  the bipartisan national consensus over the central role of government -- which had held firm through the Roosevelt , Truman , Eisenhower , Kennedy and Johnson administrations -- was kaput . The Reagan revolution was in the wings . " We also began to lose faith in ourselves and our values . In an interview with the Financial Times early this week , Professor Michael Porter of the Harvard Business School chimed in with pained observations about what is happening to American competitiveness : "  This is shocking for the U.S. . If you go back 100 years , you find that the U.S. was a huge pioneer in public education . ... The U.S. was a real pioneer in creating a national , very deep university system . ... The U.S. was a pioneer in the interstate highway system . ... We stepped to the plate in the past and made very , very bold investments in the fundamental environment for competitiveness . But right now , we ca n't seem to agree on any of these things . " Or listen to William Galston , who was instrumental in helping President Clinton bridge the divides in politics . In the New Republic , he argues that the middle is shrinking in politics . In 1992 , he points out , Gallup found that 43 % of respondents identified themselves as moderates , 37 % as conservatives , and 17 % as liberals . In 2009 , conservatives and liberals were each up 4 % and moderates were down by 7 % . Similarly , a study of national election data by Alan Abramovitz found that in 1984 , some 41 % identified themselves at the midpoint of an ideological scale versus 10 % who placed themselves at liberal or conservative extremes . By 2005 , the number who identified themselves at the center had dropped to only 28 % , while the number at the endpoints had risen to 23 % . We continue to hear that even so , independents have the whip hand in electoral politics and we tend to assume that they are middling in their views , open to argument , and rather homogeneous . But even these assumptions seem doubtful . Frank Rich , for example , highlights a recent Pew survey that suggests that nearly half of independents are actually Democrats  21 %  or Republicans  26 %  who just shy away from the label , while another 20 % are more populist , skeptical Democrats  "  Doubting Dems "  , 16 % are "  disaffected " voters with a highly negative view of government , and 17 % are "  disengaged " altogether . Not exactly a portrait of moderate unity . Surely there are many sources of the fractures in today 's electorate , just as there are many social scientists more qualified to take a crack at explaining them . But one potential contributing factor comes from a fascinating piece in National Affairs by Marc Dunkelman , who fears the winnowing out of so-called "  middle-tier relationships " for the American citizen . These relationships have long been , as Dunkelman puts it , "  at the root of American community life , " and encompass such different-minded acquaintances as "  bridge partners , brothers in the Elks club , fellow members of the PTA . " But these connections have withered in recent years , even as we stay close to those like-minded folks who inhabit our inner circles of friends and family , and are connected on an unprecedented scale by technology and social media to those farther away . Without these vibrant , heterogeneous "  middle-tier " relationships , Dunkelman argues , it may simply be much harder to build the sense of public trust and unity that allows people to stand up to big challenges together . The good news is that , as with any self-inflicted wound , the power is in our hands to change course . And indeed there is a growing sense in the country that people are finally getting tired of this particularly rancid level of divisiveness . There is a generation rising -- singled out in a recent TIME Magazine cover story as "  The Next Greatest Generation " -- that , led by its young military veterans , is eager to put aside partisan squabbles to get things done . The bipartisan group No Labels recently convened a conference call with Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz that they reported drew more than 100,000 participants . And even in Washington itself , Lamar Alexander , a senior Republican senator , recently quit his leadership post so he could devote more time to forging consensus and working across the aisle . So there is cause for hope . In the meantime , it is up to us to continue to hold those in the halls of power accountable for results and not just party orthodoxy , and to expose ourselves to people outside our handpicked inner sanctums , ideas and opinions outside our own ideologies , and even news sources different from our favorites  unless you 're a regular CNN viewer , of course  . Politics in this country has always been rough-and-tumble , and so it should be . But as no less a patriot than former Secretary Bob Gates reminded us last Thursday while accepting the Liberty Medal at the National Constitution Center , "  The warning given a long time ago by Benjamin Franklin still applies : ` Either we hang together or we will surely all hang separately . " That advice likewise applies as much to our representatives in government as it does to those to whom the founders truly entrusted the reins of power -- us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Authors : Americans bear responsibility for broken government Studies show that the moderate center is being hollowed out , they say Ties that bound communities together are eroding , authors say Gergen , Zuckerman : There 's hope that a new generation could reverse the trend
CNN  -- A person 's risk of stroke is associated with the number of fast-food restaurants near their residence , according to a study presented Thursday at a stroke conference in San Diego , California . Fast-food restaurants may be associated with stroke risk , a new study says . Some say there 's not enough evidence . Researchers led by Dr. Lewis B. Morgenstern at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor counted 1,247 strokes caused by blood clots in 64 census tracts in Nueces County , Texas , which includes Corpus Christi , from January 2000 through June 2003 . They also mapped the county 's 262 fast-food restaurants and then adjusted for socioeconomic status and demographics and found a statistically significant association . "  The association suggested that the risk of stroke in a neighborhood increased by 1 percent for every fast-food restaurant , " the authors wrote in a poster presented at the American Stroke Association 's International Stroke Conference . Residents of neighborhoods in the 75th percentile of fast-food restaurants had a 6 percent increased risk of stroke compared with residents of the 25th percentile of such eateries , according to the study , which was paid for by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke . Morgenstern , director of the University of Michigan 's stroke program and professor of neurology and epidemiology , warned that the finding does not prove that proximity to fast-food restaurants caused the increase in strokes of people living nearby . Watch more on the link between fast food restaurants and stroke " "  What we do n't know is whether fast food actually increased the risk because of its contents or whether fast-food restaurants are a marker of unhealthy neighborhoods , " he said . Still , he added , "  If this association is causal , the findings have large public health importance due to the high prevalence of fast-food restaurants . " A spokeswoman for the National Restaurant Association lambasted that concern as unsupported by the data . "  This article is seriously flawed and by its own admission shows no correlation whatsoever between dining at chain restaurants and incidence of stroke , " Beth Johnson said . "  Further , it tells us nothing about the eating and exercise habits of the individuals involved . The restaurant industry continues to offer a growing number of healthier offerings , move away from the use of trans fats and provide more nutrition information . "  In fact , the National Restaurant Association strongly supports a national , uniform approach to providing detailed nutrition information in chain restaurants . Constructive and responsive measures like these , and not misleading studies , will help consumers make healthy choices for themselves and their families , " she added .	Study looked at 1,247 strokes in Nueces County , Texas Risk of stroke in a neighborhood increased by 1 percent for every fast-food restaurant Spokeswoman for National Restaurant Association says study is flawed
Hong Kong  CNN  -- After the thousands of dead pigs , come the tons of poisoned fish . The Fuhe River is the scene of the latest disturbing example of river pollution in China . Authorities cleared about 110 tons of dead fish from a 40-kilometer section of the river in the central province of Hubei , the state-run news agency Xinhua reported Wednesday . Images taken at the scene this week showed thousands of silvery fish carcasses blanketing large expanses of the river and its shore . The cause of the deaths , provincial environmental officials said , was the discharge of high levels of ammonia into the water by a local chemical plant in Yingcheng , outside the city of Wuhan . Kite detects pollution , shines light on Beijing smog Samples taken at a water outlet from the plant on Tuesday indicated that ammonia density reached 196 milligrams per liter , a level "  far in excess of the national standard , " Xinhua reported , citing the provincial environmental protection department . The World Health Organization says that natural levels of ammonia in groundwater are normally below 0.2 milligrams per liter and that surface waters can contain as much as 12 milligrams per liter . The Hubei environmental authorities ordered the company that runs the plant , Hubei Shuanghuan Science and Technology Stock Co. , to suspend operations at the plant and sort out its pollution controls , Xinhua said . CNN made repeated calls for comment Thursday , but the company 's office line was busy . Its stock was suspended from trading on the Shenzhen stock exchange Wednesday . In an update Thursday , the environmental protection department said that a recent drought in the area had "  caused  a  significant drop in water level , which decreased the river 's capacity to hold pollutants . " Domestic sewage mixed with untreated waste from the chemical plant and a paper mill "  have caused the biological crisis " in the river , the department said in a statement . Great green blob covers Chinese waters ` Serious ' pollution problems A villager who lives near the river , Li Songqing , told the local newspaper Chutian Metropolitan that the dead fish had been piling up since early Monday . "  Nearly all fish died out in this section , no matter if they were big or small , " he said . Environmentalists said this added to other problems in the area . "  The environment of this region is already under extreme stress , " said Ma Tianjie , who manages Greenpeace 's campaign against toxic chemicals in East Asia . "  The addition of these incidents will definitely worsen the situation . " People on China 's Twitter-like microblog service , Weibo , reacted to the news with a mixture of anger and sarcasm . "  Why ca n't we solve these problems and stop them from happening beforehand ? " asked the user @Kanfangzu . "  The water quality must be fine , and this is just a mass suicide of the fish , " quipped another user , @Niyaobuyaolianguidouhaipa . The poisoning of the fish is the most recent pollution scandal in China , which has many rivers and lakes with water quality problems . In a 2009 report , the Ministry of Environmental Protection said pollution of surface water "  remained serious . " In the ministry 's most recent report , it said that about 30 % of the rivers that it monitors are considered to be polluted . Earlier this year , the discovery of thousands of bloated pig carcasses in a river near Shanghai caused widespread alarm . At the time , officials blamed local pig farmers for dumping the dead animals in the river . CNN 's Dayu Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report .	Authorities have cleared about 110 tons of dead fish from the Fuhe River Officials believe they were poisoned by ammonia from a chemical plant The company has been ordered to suspend operations The dead fish were found over a 40-kilometer stretch of the river in Hubei province
CNN  -- Ebola , ISIS and Ferguson grabbed the headlines in 2014 , but there is another huge story that should not be overlooked . Historians could look back on this year as the beginning of feminism 's third wave . The year was momentous for feminism . For the first time , rape victims and their supporters emerged from the shadows in significant numbers and started naming names -- to significant effect . Women , their voices amplified by social media and with the support of a small but growing cohort of men , have been exposing and shaming venerable American institutions such as the NFL , Ivy League and non-Ivy League colleges , and the entertainment icon Bill Cosby . First wave feminists won the right to vote . The second wave got us the right to work . But even with those advances , women have remained fundamentally restricted by the threat and terrible secret of sexual assault . This year , emboldened and connected by social media , college women formed a powerful grassroots movement that led to universities such as Harvard being publicly named and shamed for not addressing women 's rape reports . They brought the issue of campus sexual assault into the White House , where Barack Obama became the first President to use the words "  sexual violence . " The Department of Education released a list of universities under investigation for mishandling sexual violence cases , often letting even repeat predators off with barely a slap on the wrist . These young women had been silent until social media enabled them to come together , even though thousands of miles apart , share debilitating secrets and then act with the confidence that safety in numbers provided . Last week 's back-pedaling on the Rolling Stone article about an alleged gang rape at a University of Virginia fraternity house is an unfortunate example of reporting gone wrong . But it is also a teachable moment about why feminism 's third wave is so important : We must make it easier for more women to put their names and faces on their accusations and eradicate the stigma and fear that silences victims . Only when these stories come fully out of the shadows can we assess their validity and see justice done . Cosby 's accusers , with their remarkably similar stories of being drugged and assaulted , were also "  heard " for the first time in 2014 , even though many had individually come forward in the pages of national media years ago . Barbara Bowman , a Phoenix artist and mother who was one of Cosby 's early accusers , told me that being a rape victim "  is the most shameful , scary , intimidating , filthy place to live . It is a place of darkness and fear . " The bravery of the Cosby accusers and the college women alone is not the only encouraging sign . The public revelations of domestic violence rocking the National Football League , amplified by an elevator video of Ray Rice cold-cocking his fiancee , are another . The NFL dropped the ball on punishing Rice but now is being shamed into paying attention to behavior that it used to ignore and enable . Men are starting to get it . In an article after the latest Cosby scandal , the essayist Ta-Nehisi Coates wrote that he regretted not having paid attention to the women in 2008 , when he penned a seminal piece on Cosby . "  I have never been raped , " Coates wrote . "  But I have , several times as a child , been punched/stomped/kicked / bum-rushed while walking home from school , and thus lost my body . The worst part for me was not the experience , but the humiliation of being unable to protect my body , which is all I am , from predators . " Every alleged image or videotape of a rape and beating that goes viral , every woman coming forward with a Cosby story and every college freshman reporting her rapist form a collective alarm bell waking up the silent majority of Americans who would never call themselves "  feminist " and yet who abhor sexual violence against women . Rape culture holds all women down , whether soldiers or CEOs or college freshmen or high school girls who drank too much out in blue-collar Ohio or backcountry Oklahoma . My generation of women , who came of age in the 1980s , did not really carry forward the banner of feminism . We took advantage of the gains of the 1970s , getting good jobs and having children and then got so busy having it all that we had no time left over . And it was terribly important to fit in , to be one of the guys , to fly under the radar as women . The last thing we wanted was to be labeled as victims , to wear the humiliation of being prey . I 'm in awe of the young women on campuses who have stood up and made it OK to tell the world what happened to them , in their dark places , in the dark of night . Thanks to their courage , more and more Americans are understanding every day that the shame of sexual assault is a burden that belongs on the predators , not the prey .	Nina Burleigh : 2014 marked start of feminism 's third wave -- rape victims speaking out She says social media , support of men , including President , brought campus rape to fore She says Cosby , NFL , UVA cases show need to erase stigma of women naming attacker Burleigh : Women in '80s sat out feminism ; new wave emboldened to shame predators
CNN  -- If one California lawmaker has his way , his cash-strapped state may have an arresting real estate listing on the market : San Quentin State Prison . San Quentin prison houses more than 5,300 inmates , including Scott Peterson . State Sen. Jeff Denham is proposing selling the 432-acre prison , which offers a breathtaking view of San Francisco Bay , to garner money for California . "  Our inmates just do n't need an ocean view . Let 's level it off , " said Denham , a Republican . "  Let 's rebuild something for the community there and reap the benefit for the state by having that money come in , " he added . Denham estimates that the property could sell for as much as $ 2 billion , even amid a down market . On Tuesday , lawmakers put the proposal to sell the prison in a "  holding pattern , " said Jann Taber , a spokeswoman for Denham . Watch CNN 's Dan Simon report from San Quentin " State Sen. Mark Leno , who chairs the state 's public safety committee , said the committee was holding the proposal under a policy that allowed lawmakers and residents to give further thought to legislation that could exacerbate overcrowding in California 's prisons . Taber said it could be brought up again this year or next . The prison houses more than 5,300 inmates , including Scott Peterson , according to the department of corrections . However , even with the waterfront property , putting the prison on the market may be a hard sell , especially if a new prison had to be built . "  This is a really good facility , " Bob Sleppy of the California Department of Corrections said . "  It 's existing ; it 's operating ; it 's well-operated over the years by custody staff . It serves an immediate need . " He said that building another facility to house the inmates might be troublesome . "  Communities seldom welcome a new prison , " he said , adding that constructing a prison to replace San Quentin could cost $ 2 billion , the very price tag Denham suggested . The idea of selling San Quentin , which opened its doors in 1852 , has been raised before , but it never received much support because of California 's chronic problem of overcrowded prisons . California is near 200 percent capacity in its prisons , and selling San Quentin could make the problem worse , said Leno , a Democrat . He said there were no precise numbers available showing the value of San Quentin 's property or what it would cost to build a prison to replace it . "  Again , we have no actual numbers right now , " he said , adding , "  I would guess , at best , it would come out a wash . " Real estate consultant Stephen Roulac said San Quentin 's land could be used for condominiums , parks or community-type buildings . "  We would love to see a performing arts center prospectively here , possibly a museum , possibly a tie-in with a university , " he said . Lawmakers have approved $ 356 million to build a death row facility to replace the existing one at San Quentin , and some say that is another reason to consider selling the prison . "  Does it make sense anymore in the year 2009 to continue to invest in expanding this prison facility on the most prime piece of real estate in Northern California , or should we finally start to think about some non-correctional uses for this unique property ? " asked state Assembly member Jared Huffman , a Democrat . Denham has tried twice to pass legislation to sell San Quentin . His efforts in 2007 and in 2005 never made it out of committee , his office said .	432-acre waterfront property could sell for $ 2 billion , Sen. Jeff Denham says "  Our inmates just do n't need an ocean view , " Denham says Critics say building new facility for inmates would be costly , time-consuming California is near 200 percent capacity in its prisons ; more than 5,300 in San Quentin
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Nothing says "  Wish you were here " quite as well as the good old postcard . Is the electronic age throwing sand in the face of the traditional postcard ? Tell CNN Business Traveller what you think in the Sound Off box below . Once a quintessential element in the travel experience , crafting a 10-line missive for the folks back home  saucy for the colleagues at work , respectful to the relatives  was as much a part of your two-week break as sunburn and sandals . However , thanks to the online revolution many of us are choosing to document our travels via the Internet . The growth of travel blogs and social networking sites like Facebook has led to a profusion of blogs packed with photos , video clips and every conceivable detail of our travels . The host Web site TravelBlog , for example , has over 80,000 members with 100 more joining each day . Meanwhile , the independent travel company STA Travel 's travel blog has expanded to 60,000 blog entries in just three years . Celia Pronto , STA Travel 's marketing director , says the appeal of blogs among travelers is due not only to their convenience but also because they allow the readers to join in the conversation . "  You can create this social environment with a blog that was n't possible before , " Pronto says . "  Friends and family can not only read diary entries but they can respond , and so become part of the story . "  It also allows travelers to reach a much wider audience than the simple postcard . It 's a nice way to keep in touch . " So where does this online explosion leave the humble postcard ? Well , the situation is not as dire as you might think . According to the Royal Mail , which runs Britain 's postal service , many of us still retain a fond attachment to tradition , with postcards more popular today than they were five years ago . The service says it is processing around 135 million postcards every year , an increase of 30 million over just three years . This is good news for postcard aficionado Drene Brennan . The 80-year-old is the founder member of the Postcard Club of Great Britain , amassing a collection of 95,000 over 50 years before she sold most of it off a few years ago . She says the wonders of e-technology are no replacement for the simple pleasure of waking up to find a postcard on your doormat . "  I started collecting in 1957 and I 've been hooked ever since , " she says . "  Postcards are personal , they show you 've been thinking about someone . You have to pick the right one , and then sit down and consider that person , what message you want to write to them . " Her views are shared by many CNN Business Traveller readers who wrote in in praise of the medium via our Sound Off box . "  The pictures are great , and it 's a nice souvenir , plus you have something fun in the mail when you get home , besides all the bills that accumulated while you were away , " commented Velvet in a post . Silvia added : "  E-mail is great but is effortless . When I get a postcard from a friend it makes me feel so special . They made the extra effort to pick out one just for me , physically write on it and send it off . " It 's certainly true that postcards retain that personal touch missing from many blogs and group emails , which can sometimes feel like an exercise in self-indulgence with their reams of text and scores of pictures detailing the minutiae of Jeff 's diving holiday in Ecuador . With the passing of time postcards have also become a part of our history , windows on a bygone world . Patented in the U.S. in the mid-nineteenth century , the first postcard was created for the world fair in Chicago in 1893 . In Britain , it enjoyed its heyday in the 1930s and 1940s with the growth of seaside holiday resorts . "  Saucy " postcards containing cartoon-style images with bawdy messages on them were hugely popular until Donald McGill , who designed many of the most famous ones , was charged with obscenity leading to many retailers cancelling orders . In spite of the Royal Mail figures Drene Brennan , whose own area of interest is Walt Disney postcards , fears the penned postcard may become consigned to the history books in the not too distant future . A CNN straw pole of tourists in central London seemed to confirm these suspicions , with most of those questioned preferring electronic media to keep in touch with loved-ones . And even for those who admitted to buying the occasional postcard , the effort of actually sending them was sometimes a bridge too far . Richard , a shopper on London 's Oxford Street said : "  I bought two postcards in Sweden last week but I did n't actually send them . It 's just the effort . I have to sit down , find a pen and post them and everything . "  In the end I came back and gave them as gifts . " Send us your comments : Do you still enjoy sending and receiving postcards or do you feel they are out of date and inconvenient in today 's electronic age ? When did you last send a postcard and who to ? Leave a comment below to let us know what you think .	Postcards were once the favorite way of documenting our holidays The postcard was invented in the U.S. and its heyday was in the 1930s and 40s In recent years travellers have turned to blogs and emails to keep in touch CNN wants to know if you still send postcards , leave a comment below
CNN  -- This year , it 's hip to be dead . The deaths of so many celebrities in recent months have highlighted the continued public fascination with stars -- even beyond the grave -- and the booming industry surrounding dead celebs . "  It 's been a crazy year , " said Scott Michaels , who runs findadeath.com , a site devoted to tales of dead celebrities , as well as the "  Dearly Departed Tour " in Los Angeles , California , where enthusiasts can visit sites of some of the city 's most notorious deaths . "  It 's weird because even -LSB- stars -RSB- , who are already dead , like Anna Nicole Smith , are back in the news . Death has become trendy . " It 's also a gold mine . Mark Roesler , chief executive officer and chairman of CMG Worldwide -- which markets and manages several deceased celebrities  some more easily managed dead than alive  -- said fans often feel connected to stars long after they are gone . "  I think that with celebrities , we feel like we own a piece of them , " he said . "  It 's almost like being part of the family . " That family expanded during what some have dubbed the "  summer of death . " From May to September , Michael Jackson , Farrah Fawcett , David Carradine , Walter Cronkite and Patrick Swayze all died . The fascination with such celebrities can mean big bucks for their estates . And if death is the new black , Michael Jackson is poised to become the new arbiter of style . With the release of the documentary "  Michael Jackson 's This Is It , " and a companion double CD , the legendary pop icon 's estate stands to add millions to its coffers . Jackson will join the realm of Elvis Presley , Heath Ledger and John Lennon who rake in the cash and keep fans enthralled even from the grave . Have you seen "  This Is It " ? Share your review . At the end of October , Forbes releases its list of "  top-earning dead celebrities . " Last year 's top 13 -- Elvis Presley , Charles M. Schulz , Heath Ledger , Albert Einstein , Aaron Spelling , Dr. Seuss  Theodor Geisel  , John Lennon , Andy Warhol , Marilyn Monroe , Steve McQueen , Paul Newman , James Dean , and Marvin Gaye -- earned a combined $ 194 million in 2008 , according to the magazine . Not bad for a group that is unable to make personal appearances or sign autographs . Roesler 's company represents two stars on the list  Monroe and Dean  and quite a few living clients  people as varied as Scott Baio and boxer Roberto Duran  as part of its roster of more than 300 entertainment , music , sports and historical figures and organizations . Roesler , who declined to comment on whether he or his company is working with the Jackson estate , said dead celebrities are often less risky for companies to use in marketing campaigns . "  The fact that they are deceased , it 's not possible to have any more scandals . Andin today 's day and age , companies are becoming less of a risk taker , " Roesler said . "  Even for someone like Michael Jackson , people have thrown a lot of dirt around Michael Jackson and we all know what that landscape is ... and it 's unlikely that anyone is going to bring up anything that would derail any type of major promotional effort . " Share reviews of "  This Is It " Some people take their fascination with dead celebrities to the outer limits . These fans make pilgrimages to the scene of their favorite celebrity 's death , their grave , and where they lived . In the case of Elvis Presley , it 's the same location , which has made Graceland one of the most popular destinations in the United States . Michaels ' findadeath.com is a favored destination of those who refer to themselves as "  death hags . " From visiting grave sites to collecting autopsy photos , death hags are part of a fan culture that can rival a star 's fan club in life . "  Stars ' lives are pretty spectacular and we followed their careers , " said Michaels . "  So it makes sense that we follow their deaths . " Why the attraction ? Well , death is the great equalizer , said Alan W. Petrucelli , author of "  Morbid Curiosity : The Disturbing Demises of the Famous and Infamous . " "  It reminds us that despite all of the money , glamour and fame , -LSB- celebrities -RSB- are going to die just like we all are going to die . " Petrucelli has a collection of memorabilia which includes photos of some famous people after their deaths : singer Selena , President John F. Kennedy , Marilyn Monroe , Sharon Tate and actor River Phoenix . "  Some people think it 's gruesome , " Petrucelli said . "  People also collect memorial cards and programs if the funeral or memorial service is open to the public . The day after a celebrity dies I go on Ebay and you will see lots of different items available . "  And of course , a star 's family can make money off of their likeness , " Petrucelli added . "  Death sells . " Karen Bard , eBay 's pop culture expert , said the site sees an uptick in items related to a celebrity after their death . Bard said the star does n't have to be someone who is popular at the moment . While her site was flooded with Michael Jackson memorabilia after his recent death , Bard said there has also been a great deal of interest generated by the sale of the crypt above the final resting place of Marilyn Monroe , who died almost 50 years ago . " -LSB- A death -RSB- clearly incites a buying and selling cycle in an accelerated fashion , " Bard said . "  We see unique things pop up that are always capturing the public 's attention and there are people out there willing to buy them . " Alex Roman counts himself among the death devotees . He proudly wears his "  Death Hag " t-shirt , visits Hollywood Forever Cemetery -- where several stars are buried -- and blogs about old Hollywood on his web site "  Alex Living in L.A. " Roman said he loves learning the history behind the lives and deaths of celebrities , and understands the allure . "  There is a definite fascination and people are drawn to it on many levels , " Roman said . "  The fascination with death is that it 's a frightening thing , yet it is something you are curious about . So there 's that juxtaposition that makes it so interesting . " Michael 's business has attracted some breathing celebrities . He said he 's even given Ryan Seacrest a tour . As the old saying goes , death is one of only two guarantees in life . And with the number of stars moving on these days , there could be more business opportunities for Michaels and those in his industry . "  God has been very generous to Dearly Departed Tours , " Michaels said , laughing .	Fan fascination can continue well after a celeb 's death Industry built around dead stars benefits from that popularity Forbes : Top earning dead celebs racked in $ 194 million in 2008 "  Death hags " buy memorabilia including death photos
Lausanne , Switzerland  CNN  Nuclear talks intensified Sunday between world powers and Iran , but key sticking points remained unresolved as the countries tried to reach a deal to curb Tehran 's nuclear program ahead of a Tuesday deadline . As the negotiations entered their fourth day , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned the agreement coming together is worse than Israel 's deepest fears . The talks had hit a snag on Saturday , with diplomats describing Iran as refusing to budge , but as the French , German and Chinese foreign ministers arrived , the mood seemed more optimistic . The British and Russian foreign ministers were expected late Sunday . U.S. officials and Western diplomats described the negotiations as tough and intense , which was expected as the talks reached the endgame . They said the contours of a deal are becoming clearer , but they were unsure it could be reached . Two core issues are still unresolved : 1  Limits on Iranian research and development on advanced nuclear technology in the end years of the deal ; and 2  The pace of lifting United Nations sanctions . The U.S. officials stressed all of the elements were interrelated and nothing is agreed to until everything is agreed to , comparing the final deal to a puzzle . But they indicated most of the other elements were solvable if those two major hurdles could be overcome . The speed of which U.N. sanctions could be lifted remains in dispute . Iran wants them lifted immediately after the deal goes into effect . While diplomats say Iran could see unilateral sanctions relief in the areas of trade , oil and banking , sanctions adopted by the United Nations are more complicated . Many are related to proliferation and transfer of missile technology and are tied to certification by the U.N. nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , that Iran 's nuclear program does not have a military dimension . On Saturday , Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Zarif made clear the issue of sanctions remains a stumbling block , saying he believes the world powers "  have realized that sanctions , pressure and an agreement will not go together . It 's only to translate that understanding and realization into the agreement that we are negotiating . " U.S. officials said that all sides , including Iran , agree that sanctions would be lifted in phases over time as Iran confirms its compliance to the deal . But they acknowledge there is still disagreement on the actual formula . Iran also wants the ability to continue to research and develop more advanced centrifuges while the deal is in effect . Those machines can enrich uranium much faster than its current machines . U.S. and European officials worry that could enable Iran to quickly produce enough uranium for a nuclear weapon . Diplomats say the first 10 years of the 15 year deal would have the most stringent restrictions , with others being relaxed over the next five . "  We will see if they are ready to swallow what we proposed , " a Western diplomat said . "  We are not asking them to do nothing , but they want to do more than we want them to do " referring to how much research the Iranians want to be able to still undertake . But the diplomat added , "  after 15 years , they can do what they want . " A senior Iranian diplomat told CNN on Sunday : "  It 's not fair to characterize the state of affairs as Iranian resistance on those issues . It can also be characterized as the other side 's intransigence in the talks . " Diplomats said Iran has agreed to a cap of fewer than 6,000 centrifuges that it can operate to enrich uranium , a process that can lead to weapons-grade material . The figure is down from the 6,000 the sides were speaking about when the talks started on Thursday , but substantially more than the several hundred the United States had originally wanted . Iran currently runs about 10,000 centrifuges , but it has around 19,000 in its stockpile . U.S. officials maintain the number is abstract , because there will be other restrictions on the levels of enrichment and type of centrifuges Iran can operate , which they believe will extend the time Iran would need to have enough fissile material produce a nuclear weapon -- known as the "  break-out time " -- to at least a year . On Monday , a senior State Department official said negotiators had not yet decided anything about the disposal of fissile material . There had been word previously that Iran might export it to Russia , but an Iranian negotiator , Abbas Araqchi , told journalists Sunday that Iran had not agreed to it . "  The export of stocks of enriched uranium is not in our program , and we do not intend to them abroad . ... There is no question of sending the stocks abroad , " he said . Netanyahu voiced alarm at the emerging deal . After meeting with visiting Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , a Republican , Netanyahu said , "  this agreement as it evolves is fulfilling our deepest fears and even worse . " "  In parallel to the gathering for this dangerous agreement , the proxies of Iran in the Middle East are carrying out a wide occupation of Yemen , " he said . "  The Iran-Lausanne-Yemen axis is very dangerous to mankind and needs to be stopped . " The parties are seeking agreement on the basic parameters of a deal before March 31 . A comprehensive deal including technical annexes is supposed to be concluded by June 30 . Tuesday is seen as a critical milestone to the U.S. negotiators , who are trying to thwart a threat from Congress to impose additional sanctions without the framework . That could prompt Iran to withdraw from the talks and scuttle the chances of a deal altogether . But even if a pact is reached , it is unclear what form it would take . U.S. officials say they will need to publicize something that quantifies Iran 's commitments before submitting it to Congress . But U.S. and Western diplomats say that Iran is looking simply for an "  understanding " of what has been agreed to before a formal accord is reached . CNN 's Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	One key sticking point : What would be the limits on Iranian nuclear research ? Another sticking point : When would U.N. sanctions be lifted ? Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warns the deal would be a disaster
San Diego  CNN  -- Geek is chic these days , especially around the San Diego Convention Center . The worlds of Hollywood , video games and comic books collided for four days at the annual International Comic-Con 2012 . Gaming has always played an important role in this pop-culture convention . Several of the larger Hollywood studios -- Paramount Pictures , 20th Century Fox and Universal Pictures -- sat out "  the Con " this year , which opened up more room for the growing number of online series from the likes of YouTube , Hulu and Netflix as well as gaming . In some instances these worlds collided as Microsoft showcased the talent behind the live-action series "  Halo 4 : Forward Unto Dawn . " Hollywood also remains infatuated with games as a big-screen source of inspiration . Sony Pictures debuted footage from "  Resident Evil : Retribution 3D , " the fifth film in the successful franchise starring Milla Jovovich . Capcom creators showed attendees a first look at "  Resident Evil 6 , " which will hit PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 just a few weeks after the movie opens September 14 . Open Road Films and Konami Digital Entertainment offered a similar double feature with "  Silent Hill Revelation 3D " making its movie debut in the main hall while just down the street the game makers showed its interactive cousin , "  Silent Hill : Book of Memories . " Walt Disney Animation Studios explored the classic world of arcade games with "  Wreck-It Ralph , " a new computer animated adventure featuring the voices of Sarah Silverman and John C. Reilly . Activision will be releasing games for Nintendo 's platforms based on this film . More game publishers used Comic-Con to debut brand new titles , even though the show is just a month after the big E3 convention . But while that trade show is closed to the public , the San Diego shindig allowed game makers to reach the socially active early adopters that Hollywood and other marketers have long coveted by giving them hands-on time with some of the biggest games of this year  and next  . Here are five new games worth checking out that debuted at the show : "  Marvel Heroes "  Gazillion Entertainment , PC , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , 2013 While Sony Online Entertainment continues to allow gamers to explore the world of Batman , Superman and Wonder Woman with DC Universe Online , that popular massively multiplayer online , or MMO , game only allows fans to play alongside those iconic characters . "  Marvel Heroes " is the first licensed comic book MMO that will allow players to step into the roles of Spider-Man , Thor , Hulk , Captain America and a full roster of Marvel superheroes . In the game world , Doctor Doom has gotten his hands on the Cosmic Cube -- also known as the "  Tesseract " in this summer 's "  The Avengers " movie . It 's up to players to save the world . The game , at least at launch , will focus heavily on New York , complete with Mutant Town , but there will also be locations such as Savage Land . Fans can don their virtual costumes and play with friends starting next year . "  Spartacus Legends "  Ubisoft , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 , 2013 Starz Entertainment has made swords and sandals cool again with Steven DeKnight 's "  Spartacus " TV series . Now Ubisoft and developer Kung Fu Factory are bringing the fighting action home in the first console game based in this graphic novel-infused bloody world . The game features actors from the show , including Liam McIntyre  who plays Spartacus  and Manu Bennett  who plays Crixus  . Fans will also be able to create their own gladiators and fight in the same arenas featured in the series . One catch that 's sure to pique the interest of fighting fans is that when a warrior has fallen in combat , if the victor decides to vanquish his opponent , that character is dead forever . That adds a whole new twist to the game 's online experience as players can build up powerful gladiators , train them and arm them with an assortment of weapons and then see them die in battle . The Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network title will debut in early 2013 in conjunction with the final season of the show , "  Spartacus : War of the Damned . " "  The Expendables 2 "  Ubisoft , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 Sylvester Stallone returned to Comic-Con , which helped generate buzz for the action flick that has become a franchise -- complete with a new game . Developer Zoot Fly has worked closely with Stallone to craft an original story that bridges the gap between the two films . This prequel to the August 17 movie sequel from Lionsgate and Millenium Films puts players in control of four characters from the movie -- Barney Ross  Stallone  , Gunner Jensen  Dolph Lundgren  , Hale Caesar  Terry Crews  and Yin Yang  Jet Li  . The four-player co-op game sends players on a mission to rescue a kidnapped billionaire . The action blends isometric shooting with vehicle combat in helicopters and tanks across locales such as the Somalian deserts and Burmese jungles . Each character has a specialty , such as sniper or demolitions expert , as well as a signature kill that players can use , such as Ross ' dual pistols , for an up-close offing of an enemy . The game debuts on PlayStation Network on July 31 and hits PC and Xbox Live Arcade on August 17 . "  Fortnite "  Epic Games , PC , 2013 Epic Games , which also showcased the Xbox 360 exclusive prequel , "  Gears of War : Judgment " at Comic-Con , debuted its first Unreal Engine 4 game , "  Fortnite , " during a panel . The gameplay is split into two unique experiences . Players will explore , forage , collaborate and build by day in their own dynamic and expanding world . Once the sun goes down , they 'll work together to defend their fortress from zombies and other assorted creatures . The building system has been designed so that players can use scavenged materials to build and renovate structures of varying materials and complexity quickly . The game , which offers a third-person perspective and overhead view of the action , shows off the potential of next-generation  PlayStation 4 and Xbox Next  visuals by giving gamers a taste of what Unreal Engine 4 can do . The blend of strategy and survival horror serves as something fresh from the game developer best known for its shooters . "  Fortnite " will be released in 2013 for the PC . "  The Walking Dead "  Activision/Terminal Reality , PC , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , 2013 Fans of AMC 's hit show "  The Walking Dead , " based on Robert Kirkman 's graphic novel , already have a fun interactive adventure from Telltale Games . While that episodic horror game is based on the source material , developer Terminal Reality is serving up a prequel to the TV series starring popular characters Daryl and Merle Dixon . Players will contend with "  walkers "  zombies  as they make their way to the supposed safety of Atlanta after an outbreak has left the country overrun with the living dead . The first-person action game features Daryl 's crossbow as well as an assortment of other weapons that players can scavenge as they contend with obstacles living and dead in a brand new adventure . The Emmy-winning series has been able to blend horror with drama , but this game will allow fans to experience this rich universe with an action and horror focus . These walkers are fast and can hunt down players in hordes , which makes for an interesting new game experience for the growing number of fans . Activision unleashes the dead in 2013 .	Several large Hollywood studios did n't participate this year , leaving room for gaming More publishers used Comic-Con to debut new titles Spartacus Legends is first console game based on "  Spartacus " TV series world Epic Games debuted its first Unreal Engine 4 game , "  Fortnite , " during a panel
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy has evacuated all 79 crew members from a minesweeper that ran aground Thursday on a reef in the Philippines , the Navy 's Seventh Fleet said in a statement Friday . The 224-foot-long ,1,312 - ton ship was on its way from Subic Bay to its next port call when it struck the Tubbataha Reef , about 80 miles  130 kilometers  east-southeast of Palawan Island in the Sulu Sea , the Navy said . Initial efforts to free the Avenger-class mine countermeasures ship at high tide were unsuccessful , and the crew was transferred by small boats to the USNS Bowditch and the MSV C-Champion , ships of the Military Sealift Command , according to the Navy statement . "  Seventh Fleet ships remain on scene and essential Guardian sailors will continue conducting survey operations onboard the ship as needed until she is recovered , " Vice Adm. Scott Swift , U.S. Seventh Fleet commander , said in a statement . "  Several support vessels have arrived and all steps are being taken to minimize environmental effects while ensuring the crew 's continued safety . " Tubbataha Reefs Natural Park is a UNESCO World Heritage site and home to threatened and endangered marine species , including fish , corals and sharks . "  The site is an excellent example of a pristine coral reef with a spectacular 100-meter perpendicular wall , extensive lagoons and two coral islands , " according to the UNESCO website . The cause of the grounding was under investigation , the Navy said . The Guardian is based in Sasebo , Japan .	All 79 aboard transported off ship that struck Tubbataha Reef in the Sulu Sea , U.S. Navy says Initial efforts to free the ship at high tide were unsuccessful Tubbataha Reefs Natural Park is home to threatened and endangered marine species The cause of the grounding was under investigation , Navy says
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Police executed a search warrant at a Las Vegas pharmacy Tuesday morning in connection with the investigation into Michael Jackson 's death , a federal drug agent said . A Las Vegas pharmacy was searched Tuesday in connection with Michael Jackson 's death . Applied Pharmacy on Flamingo Road in Las Vegas sold the anesthetic propofol to Dr. Conrad Murray , Jackson 's doctor , a source familiar with the investigation said . Another source close to the investigation said last month that Murray , a Texas-based cardiologist , is said to have given Jackson propofol , commonly known by the brand name Diprivan , in the 24 hours before he died . The search of Applied Pharmacy came two weeks after searches of Murray 's home and clinic in Las Vegas . The search warrant served Tuesday authorized investigators to seize documents -- both on computers and paper -- related to the Jackson investigation , DEA Assistant Special Agent in Charge Mike Flanagan said . The warrants used for those earlier searches , which were filed in a Clark County , Nevada , court , imply that investigators looking into Jackson 's death believe that the singer was a drug addict . The warrants , signed by District Judge Timothy Williams and given to CNN by Las Vegas affiliate KTNV , say that "  there is probable cause to believe " that the searches would uncover evidence at Murray 's home and office of excessive prescribing , prescribing to an addict , prescribing to or treating an addict and manslaughter . They cite "  probable cause to believe " that the premises contained "  records , shipping orders , distribution lists , use records relating to the purchase , transfer ordering , delivery and storage of propofol  Diprivan  . " Murray was with Jackson on June 25 when he was rushed to UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles and when he was pronounced dead , according to Murray 's lawyer . A source involved with the inquiry into Jackson 's death has said that investigators found numerous bottles of prescription drugs in his $ 100,000-a-month rented mansion in Holmby Hills , California . The items taken from Murray 's home included copies of his computer and cell phone hard drives . They were to be turned over to the Los Angeles Police Department , which is leading the investigation into Jackson 's death at age 50 . A "  thorough and comprehensive " report into the death of Michael Jackson is complete , the Los Angeles County coroner 's office said Monday , but police have requested that the report not be released because of the ongoing investigation . The coroner 's office said it would abide by the request that "  the cause and manner of death remain confidential " and referred all questions to the Los Angeles Police Department . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	Applied Pharmacy sold propofol to Dr. Conrad Murray , source says Warrant part of follow-up to searches of home , clinic of Jackson doctor Autopsy results held because of investigation , coroner says
Mashable  -- Wikipedia is just the latest in a long line of encyclopedias . In fact , encyclopedias have been around in some form or another for 2,000 years . The oldest , Naturalis Historia , written by Pliny the Elder , is still in existence . How do I know this ? I looked it up on Wikipedia , of course . Is it true ? Possibly . Ten years after its founding , it 's hard to imagine what life was like before Wikipedia . When I was growing up , our family had a dusty set of encyclopedias that were at least 10 years old , which is fine if you 're looking up dinosaurs , but not so good if you want to know , for instance , who the current president of the Congo is . But though the limitations of the old encyclopedias were obvious , they were authoritative in ways that Wikipedia is not . Mashable : 9 ways to get more out of Quora Like most people , I 'll take the tradeoff . I have no desire to go back to the days of printed Funk & Wagnalls . If someone would have told me back in 2001 that , within a few years , there would be a comprehensive , free online encyclopedia , I would n't have believed them . Why would someone do that ? How ? Origins By now , we all know the story : Two Ayn Rand devotees , Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger , created Wikipedia in January 2001 . The founding can be traced to a post by Sanger entitled "  Let 's Make a Wiki " that was intended as a feature to Sanger and Wales 's other project , Nupedia . Wiki , Sanger explained in the post , was derived from "  wikiwiki , " a Polynesian word for "  quick . " "  What it means is a VERY open , VERY publicly editable series of web pages , " Sanger wrote in the post . As often happens , the feature grew out of proportion with its original intent . Wales , who was originally against the idea of a Wiki , became a strong proponent of it , while Sanger , who became estranged from the project in 2002 , now charges that Wales hogged the credit for the venture . Mashable : The future of the social media strategist Wales could not be reached for comment . To his credit , Sanger is mentioned as a co-founder on Wikipedia 's entry about its founding . Rooted in open source thinking , Wikipedia contributors began penning a voluminous number of entries  the site claims there are now 17 million such articles  , which began showing up in Google searches , furthering the site 's growth and notoriety . Meanwhile , a subculture developed around Wikipedia , with self-appointed guardians doing their best to make sure entries were accurate and free of vandalism . As an authoritative 2006 Atlantic article on Wikipedia noted , "  A study by IBM suggests that although vandalism does occur  particularly on high-profile entries like ` George W. Bush '  , watchful members of the huge Wikipedia community usually swoop down to stop the malfeasance shortly after it begins . " ` Truth ' on the internet All of this made Wikipedia a pretty good reference , but one that you 'd be wise not to take completely at face value . Wikipedia works best as an introduction to a subject . Since the articles usually cite references , readers can investigate further whether the claims are actually true . Despite this , Wikipedia soon earned a reputation for loopy reportage , an aspect best expressed in The Onion headline "  Wikipedia Celebrates 750 Years of American Independence . " Such criticism , though , has it backwards . Wikipedia is , in the best-case scenario , an antidote for the echo chamber of the web . After all , good luck finding "  truth " on the Internet . Facts may be facts , but they 're subject to so much spin that it can be hard to get a handle on what 's objectively real . All the more reason why the idea of Wikipedia is laudable , albeit a bit impractical . Though Jimmy Wales could have made a fortune selling ads on the site , he decided to make the Wikimedia Foundation a non-profit charitable organization . Mashable : 6 web pioneers on what the future looks like But someone has to keep all those servers running and pay those 50 full-time staffers , which is why Wales appeared in a ubiquitous banner ad on Wikipedia asking for donations . The site eventually collected $ 16 million . The future Can Wikipedia sustain itself for another 10 years ? As The Economist recently pointed out , the number of Wikipedia 's English language contributors fell from 54,000 in March 2007 to 35,000 in September 2010 , but here Wikipedia may be the victim of its own success . As the site gets more comprehensive , there are fewer entries that need to be written . One thing 's for sure -- if Wikipedia ever does go away , it will be hard to believe it . After all , where will we go to confirm such a thing ? © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger created Wikipedia in January 2001 Site is a very open , very publicly editable series of web pages Not authoratative source but good for introductions to subjects
CNN  -- Great tennis rivals Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal will lock horns once again in Saturday 's semifinals of the Indian Wells Masters event in California . Federer , seeking to reach the final for the first time since 2006 when he won it for the third year in a row , was first into the last four as he added another milestone to his illustrious CV . The former world No. 1 thrashed ninth seed Juan Martin del Potro 6-3 6-2 on Friday to become the first man to win 250 matches in Masters 1000 level tournaments . Last year 's runner-up Nadal then overcame another Argentine -- former world No. 3 David Nalbandian -- despite dropping his first set of the U.S. hard-court event in a 4-6 7-5 6-4 victory . "  They 're always special matches , especially because they 're always in very important matches for both of us , " said Nadal , who beat Federer in the Australian Open semifinals in January to move 18-9 ahead in career meetings . "  That always makes the match very special . But even if it 's not the final , being in the semifinals is an important match . "  Playing against Roger always means a little bit more than against the rest of the opponents because I am playing probably against the best of the history , and because I played probably the most important matches of my career against him and probably him against me . That 's why it makes the match a little bit more special than the rest . " Federer and Del Potro were both seeking their 20th victories of this year , but the 16-time grand slam champion comfortably won for the fourth time in 2012 against the man who beat him in the 2009 U.S. Open final . "  I sort of expected myself to come out and play a good match today after the struggle I had against Thomaz Bellucci , " the 30-year-old said . "  I do n't usually struggle back-to-back days , so this was for me a really good match against a great player . I 'm happy I was able to maintain the great streak I 've got going against him this year . " Federer has won 37 of his last 39 matches , the other loss coming to John Isner in the Davis Cup while playing for Switzerland . Home hope Isner plays defending champion and world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the first of Saturday 's semifinals . He is bidding to become the first American ATP Tour player to triumph in the Palm Desert since Andre Agassi in 2001 . But the 26-year-old is 0-2 against Australian Open champion Djokovic . Meanwhile , top-ranked Victoria Azarenka will play world No. 2 Maria Sharapova in Sunday 's women 's final in Indian Wells . Azarenka extended her unbeaten run to 22 matches , surpassing Serena Williams ' start to 2003 , as she beat German 18th seed Angelique Kerber 6-4 6-3 to claim the best beginning to a campaign since Martina Hingis went 37-0 in 1997 . "  I 'm really impressed by the way Angelique was playing , " Azarenka said of her opponent , who has reached seven semifinals in her last 11 events . "  It was the first time we played on the pro tour , so it was a little bit new for me , and she showed some excellent tennis . I think she 's a great player and she really pushed me to raise my level and really dig to win that match . " Sharapova , the 2006 champion in Indian Wells , had easier progress to the final as her opponent -- fellow former No. 1 Ana Ivanovic -- retired with a hip injury while trailing 6-4 0-1 . Ivanovic won the tournament in 2008 and was runner-up the following year , but the Serbian has slipped to 16th in the rankings . "  I started to feel it in the middle of the first set , " she said . "  It just got gradually worse and worse . I started to feel a lot of pain through my glute and could n't load on my backhand side . "  After the treatment it was getting worse and worse rapidly . We taped it and I tried to continue , but I could n't even stand there on my return . " Sharapova lost to Azarenka in January 's Australian Open final , and the Russian will be seeking to prevent her Belorussian rival from winning a fourth title in 2012 . "  She 's definitely the one to beat right now , someone that 's playing with a lot of confidence and all the momentum in the world , " Sharapova said . "  I 'd love to get my revenge from Australia and play much better , as well . In our previous meetings we had really tough matches and I hope the quality of tennis will be good and hopefully I can change a few things around this time . "	Roger Federer to play Rafael Nadal in Saturday 's semifinals at Indian Wells They both progressed with wins over Argentine opponents on Friday The world 's top two female players will meet in Sunday 's women 's final No. 1 Victoria Azarenka takes on Russia 's No. 2 Maria Sharapova
CNN  -- Brothers Wladimir and Vitali Klitschko have sent Britain 's WBA world heavyweight champion David Haye a New Year message , saying they are both ready to fight him in 2011 . Wladimir holds three of the current world heavyweight belts , Vitali has the prestigious WBC title , and Haye the other . Match-ups between Haye and the Ukrainian pair would help unify the heavyweight crown as well as being a money-spinner . Haye , who has made two successful defenses of his title , was due to fight Wladimir in 2009 , but pulled out with a back injury . Meanwhile , Wladimir 's bout with another Briton , Dereck Chisora , was called off earlier this month , with the triple champion citing injury , paving the way for an early clash with Haye . "  We promise that in 2011 the fight against Haye will come , " read the statement , released through Bild.de . "  We want this fight at all costs . He may choose against which of us he wants us to step into the ring to lose his world title . " Haye 's manager Adam Booth told the Press Association . "  We are now perfectly positioned to get together and make this fight with Wladimir Klitschko . "  Despite the fact we know we bring more UK television money to the table , David and I are happy to split the entire pot 50-50 and grant Wladimir the deal he has wanted since day one . " Vitali Klitschko said on Tuesday that his brother would be the first to take on the 30-year-old Haye , with him waiting in the wings . Chisora , upset when his fight with Wladimir Klitschko was pulled , has been promised another opportunity , but they may now have to wait . In world title action Sunday , Japan 's Koki Kameda won the vacant World Boxing Association  WBA  bantamweight title by beating Alexander Munoz of Venezuela by a unanimous decision . The three judges scored it 115-111 , 116-109 and 117-109 , all in favor of Kameda . Kameda is the first Japanese boxer to win three world titles , following the WBA light flyweight title and the World Boxing Council  WBC  flyweight crown .	Klitschko brothers issue statement saying they want to fight Dave Haye in 2011 Wladimir Klitschko likely to fight Britain 's WBA title holder first Vitali Klitschko holds WBC version of the heavyweight crown Koki Kameda wins the vacant World Boxing Association  WBA  bantamweight title
CNN  -- Amanda Knox 's parents are hopeful that an Italian court 's decision not to re-evaluate the evidence against their daughter means she will be found not guilty of killing her roommate . Edda Mellas and Curt Knox say they have never believed their daughter was guilty . "  We asked for the independent review because we were sure that anybody -LSB- who -RSB- independently looked at it would support our position , " Edda Mellas , Knox 's mother , told CNN 's Larry King in an interview to air Friday night . "  Now , maybe the court decided that they do n't even need that support . That our arguments have already been good enough . " Knox , of Seattle , Washington , has been in an Italian jail and on trial for nearly two years on charges that she helped murder her roommate , British student Meredith Kercher . Knox 's defense lawyers had asked the court for an independent review of the evidence , which can be requested if there is contested or contradicting evidence . Prosecutors say a kitchen knife , allegedly the murder weapon , has Knox 's DNA on the handle and Kercher 's DNA on the blade . The defense disputes that , but last Friday , the court denied the request for a review . Closing arguments in the trial are expected at the beginning of November , and Knox 's parents hope a verdict will finally vindicate their daughter . Watch Curt Knox say why he thinks his daughter was arrested " Her father , Curt Knox , told CNN that he thinks Amanda Knox was targeted as a suspect from the beginning . Within days of Kercher 's murder , Knox and her then-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were questioned and portrayed in the media as the undisputed killers . "  I believe that there was a huge mistake made very , very early on by , you know , having a -- literally a ` case closed , ' you know , presentation by the police over there , " he said . Prosecutors held news conferences weeks after the killing , declaring the case solved . Knox , Sollecito and bar owner Patrick Lumumba were believed to have killed Kercher during a sexual game gone horribly awry . Knox was criticized in newspapers and tabloids around the world for her demeanor after the killing , which included photos of her and Sollecito comforting each other as crime scene investigators looked for clues in her house . Knox 's mother told King that those headlines could n't be further from the truth . "  You know , she 's very much a person who internalizes , " Mellas said . "  She was extremely upset , and her roommate testified that when she found out it was Meredith that was killed , she was very upset . She cried ; she did all of that . But by the time those photos were taken , it was hours later , and she was being comforted by Raffaele . " As the investigation went on , the scenario of what happened changed . Lumumba was released because he had an airtight alibi , and DNA evidence from the crime scene soon pointed to a different suspect : Rudy Guede . Guede was sentenced to 30 years for the murder in a separate trial and is appealing the verdict . Knox 's parents believe that Guede is the sole killer , but because the prosecution hammered the idea that Knox and Sollecito were guilty , they could n't back away from it . "  They were just too far into it , and they 've been trying to press it ever since , " Curt Knox said . Knox 's family and friends insist that the girl they know would n't kill anyone . Her parents say they never believed that she was guilty . After the murder , Mellas said , friends and family told Knox to leave Italy -- to either come home or stay with relatives in Germany -- but Knox refused because she wanted to help find the killer and prove that she had nothing to do with it . "  Many people asked her to leave , but she said no . ` I 'm going to stay . I 'm going to try and help . I 'm going to try and finish school , ' " Mellas said . Looking back , her parents wish Knox had left . Now , all they can do is wait -- and hope things turn out how they believe they should . "  We have to believe that what they 're hearing in court -- and it 's so clear that she had nothing to do with it -- then they 'll come out with the right answer , " Curt Knox said . "  I mean , that 's -- that 's what we have to believe . "	Knox is on trial in Italy , accused of killing her British roommate , Meredith Kercher Italian court refused defense request to re-evaluate evidence Amanda Knox 's parents hope that means she will be found not guilty of murder
Beijing  CNN  -- Covering the trial of Bo Xilai , a man once tipped to rise to the summit of Chinese politics , reminded me of the time I reported on a similarly explosive story in the early 1980s -- the trial of the so-called "  Gang of Four " in China . This notorious group was led by Jiang Qing , Mao Zedong 's widow , and three of her ideological allies . A former movie starlet , Jiang Qing rose to the top tier of the Communist Party leadership thanks mainly to her close ties with the "  Great Helmsman , " the architect of the infamous Cultural Revolution , a campaign to enforce Communism that led to the persecution of millions of people . But a month after Chairman Mao 's death in 1976 , the four , together with their associates , were arrested and charged with "  heinous " crimes , including plotting to assassinate Mao and attempting to pull off an armed rebellion . It took more than four years to bring them to trial . For China watchers , it was worth the wait . It turned out to be China 's "  trial of the century , " replete with political intrigue , drama and endlessly memorable quotes . "  Attacking the Ghosts of Mao , " read the headline of one of our Newsweek magazine stories published in January 1981 . It was the first major story I covered as a foreign correspondent in China . Controlled coverage "  Covered " is a misnomer . More than 600 people -- mostly government officials , representatives from the public , relatives of defendants and trusted Chinese reporters -- were allowed in court , by invitation only . Foreign journalists like me need not apply , I was told . Nevertheless the trial turned into a huge story , covered extensively in and outside China . At that stage , China was just emerging from the dark clouds of the totalitarian Maoist era . The political system was opaque and the media was severely controlled . To our surprise , however , the Chinese newspapers , radio and TV were saturated with "  gavel to gavel " reports , as a fellow reporter put it . The trial dragged on for nearly two months . We relied largely on officially vetted accounts and rare TV footage , aware the authorities had allowed extensive but filtered coverage not for the sake of transparency but to demonize the defendants and legitimize their incarceration . I remember spending many nights watching CCTV 's extensive excerpts of the court proceedings with Chinese friends and fellow reporters . We spent as much time parsing what actually took place inside the courtroom , then reached out to unofficial sources to find out what was actually left out of the official narrative . Much like events in Jinan this week , the Gang of Four trial took a melodramatic turn as it winded down . During the televised coverage , the former actress feistily defended herself against charges of treason by claiming that everything she did had Mao 's approval . "  I was Chairman Mao 's dog , " Jiang Qing shouted at the panel of judges . "  Whomever he told me to bite , I bit . " In her final speech , that lasted for about two hours , the 66 year old said she was "  prepared to die " fighting for her husband and leader . In early 1981 , Madame Mao , as she became known , was sentenced to death with a two-year reprieve , later commuted to life imprisonment . But several years later , she committed suicide while under house arrest . Transparent or not ? Watching the Bo trial this week , I wondered what has changed and what has not since Jiang Qing 's trial three decades ago . "  This was an open process for China , giving Bo the chance to challenge his accusers and present his own case so publicly , " said David Zweig , a professor at The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . "  It has been great drama . This is no Stalinist trial . " True , the five-day trial turned out to be more interesting and substantive . I had expected a brief and heavily scripted political "  show trial . " But Bo the accused was given ample time to speak out and cross-examine adversarial witnesses . For that Bo himself credited and thanked court officials , especially the chief judge . "  The judge is a professional with a law degree , not like  Gang of Four trial chief judge  Jiang Hua , who was a Long March-era cadre , " said Chinese film producer Li Weijia . "  Also , Bo had defense lawyers , who I understand were picked by Bo and his family . This could not have happened during the trial of the Gang of Four . " The Chinese authorities hailed this as an "  open and public trial , " posting photos , video clips and excerpts from court transcripts on the court 's Twitter-like Sina weibo account . "  It 's a major breakthrough , " claimed political analyst Victor Gao . "  It demonstrates the government 's eagerness to show they have nothing to hide from the public about the trial . It helps enhance transparency and may bode well for greater political reform and judiciary reform . " Filtered truth But other observers say the court proceeding was only partially open , noting that the court 's micro-blog was tightly vetted . "  I think we are clearly still getting a filtered truth , " said Donald Clarke , a professor at The George Washington University Law School in the United States . "  The Weibo transcripts are not complete . " Clarke noted that the transcripts released on the first day were more copious than those released on the second and subsequent days . "  So it seems like somebody somewhere decided to release less information , " he explained . "  It is inconceivable to me that somebody pretty senior in the propaganda apparatus is not making decisions about what to put in the publicly released transcripts . " With only 19 "  trusted " Chinese journalists allowed into the courtroom , we again had to seek out other sources of information to fill in the blanks and cross-check the court 's micro-blogs . The official narrative left out parts that may put Bo in good light , two people with knowledge of the proceedings told CNN . At the closing session on Monday , sources said , Bo spoke for nearly half an hour , much longer than the court transcripts suggested . Bo explained he was retracting his signed confessions because he made them under "  severe pressure " during the 17 months he was detained and repeatedly interrogated . After he spoke , Bo 's five family members stood up , clapping and saying : "  Well put , Xilai ! We will always stand by you . " While we could not get the whole truth from the micro-blog , Li Weijia suggested the trial offered some hope . "  We could get a sense of what was going on inside the courtroom , especially when Bo said ` no ' to some of the charges in front of the judge and his relatives . " Business as usual Yet some things have not changed , even with the significant progress China has made in reforming its legal system in recent years . In 1981 , for instance , the Chinese court nonchalantly billed the landmark judicial process as "  The Trial of Lin Biao and Jiang Qing Counter-Revolutionary Cliques " -- pronouncing the defendants guilty of "  counter-revolution " even before the trial . Three decades later today , there is still no presumption of innocence at a trial . Holding a trial typically presumes guilt , because a preliminary investigation is supposed to have already determined that before going to trial . In Bo 's case , observers say President Xi Jinping 's new administration will be treading carefully . "  They want to win the case whereby Bo Xilai will be disgraced for the rest of his life so that he will never have a realistic chance to make a political comeback , " said Gao . "  But they see no incentive in having ` blood ' on their hands . They just want a quick and effective way to dispose of this case and turn a new page . " The court is expected to hand down a guilty verdict . "  Leniency to those who confess , severity to those who resist , " goes the guiding principle of China 's socialist legal system . Given Bo 's defiance and refusal to confess , it seems the only question worth pondering is about how severe the sentence will be .	The so-called "  Gang of Four " was led by Jiang Qing , Mao Zedong 's widow They were accused of plotting to kill Mao and pull off a rebellion The trial was widely reported but heavily censored by Chinese officials Recent Bo Xilai trial was hailed for its transparency , though some question this
CNN  -- Willkommen . Bienvenue . Welcome . Set in the seedy underbelly of early 1930s Berlin , the movie "  Cabaret " largely takes place in the fictional Kit Kat Klub , a gaudy , raunchy cabaret full of drunks , dancers , glitz and -- apparently -- odors . The film 's director , Bob Fosse , preferred that his actors rehearse in costume , and while Liza Minnelli  as Sally Bowles  had been fitted for her dress , Joel Grey  as Master of Ceremonies  learned his tailcoat was not ready yet . So the costumer provided him with an old coat from backstage . "  I want to tell you about this coat , " Grey told CNN before the January 31 screening of the film at the Ziegfeld Theatre in New York . "  It was the coat of a thousand men . It had come from stock , and it had been worn by many , many actors for many , many years . " "  And never washed , " Minnelli interjected . "  That was way before anybody knew anything about , ya know , keepin ' it nice , " Grey said . In other words , the coat was a relic from the pre-antiperspirant era , and when Grey "  got warm , all the lives of these other actors , dancers or whoever came back . " "  I kept looking at him and going , ` What ? What ? ' " Minnelli recalled . The screening was a homecoming of sorts for the cast , because the film made its world premiere at the same theater on February 13 , 1972 . Although billed as the "  40th anniversary , " the festivities came just shy of the 41st anniversary because a vertical scratch ran along an entire reel of the film . Computer technology could n't remedy it so more than 1 million frames were restored by hand . "  Cabaret " made its Blu-ray debut last week . The film is only loosely based on the 1966 Broadway musical of the same name . The Broadway show was based on the 1951 nonmusical play "  I Am a Camera " and Christopher Isherwood 's 1945 book "  The Berlin Stories , " which included his earlier 1939 short novel "  Goodbye to Berlin . " Many details -- including characters , story lines and songs -- were added , removed or interchanged for the film adaptation . For example , the Sally Bowles character was originally British , and Brian Roberts ' name in "  I Am a Camera " and the novels was Christopher Isherwood  the writer had used his own name as the fictional narrator  . Also , there was no romance between Brian/Chris and Sally , and Brian was only bisexual in the movie . "  I was the first one hired , " Minnelli said , "  and I remember one of the first things our producer said was , ` Tell me what you think of the story . ' And I said ` Really ? ' And he said ` Yes . ' And I said , ' I think that the man should be gay so that leaves that wonderful relationship and it just opens up all sorts of emotions that could n't have been there in the play . " In "  Goodbye to Berlin , " Sally was supposed to be untalented , so there was some criticism upon the film 's release that Minnelli was too polished a dancer . In fact , director Fosse worked tirelessly to make the Kit Kat dancers look unpolished and unkempt . Louise Quick , who portrayed one of the dancers , said Fosse "  wanted it to seem more real , shaggy . " He asked the dancers to pluck their eyebrows and then draw them in , not shave their legs and put on weight . "  It was the first time in history that he allowed dancers to eat during rehearsal , " she laughed . Grey added , "  When ` Cabaret ' came out , it was so unlike the usual Hollywood musical . " Fosse was not a fan of people "  erupting into song , " Grey said , explaining the director 's realistic approach to movie musicals . "  Movie musicals were in ill-repute . They were n't doing well at the box office . As a matter of fact , Bob had had a big failure right before ,  1969 's ` Sweet Charity , ' his screen debut  so he was intent on making it more adult -- more relevant . " Fosse 's "  Cabaret " was replete with political satire and heavy issues such as abortion , death , Nazis and the Holocaust . All the musical numbers in which characters sang to each other were cut for the movie . "  There was no change for me from stage to film , " said Grey , who had originated the emcee role onstage and won the 1966 Tony Award for best featured actor in a musical . "  It was the same dark character , and I somehow felt empowered to make him even darker in the film . You could n't miss his intention in a close-up . Whereas if you 're sitting in a balcony watching it on the stage , you 're saying , ` So , is this funny or not ? ' "  There was no denying or question of what the intention was of this movie , " Grey said . "  There are so many people who have said over the years : ` Oh , ` Cabaret ' is so much fun ! Such a great movie ! I had the best time ! ' And I think to myself : Did they get it ? ' " The film 's most controversial line was a lyric to the song "  If You Could See Her . " As Grey slow-danced with Quick dressed in a gorilla suit , the last line of the song went : "  If you could see her through my eyes , she would n't look Jewish at all . " The lyric and gorilla costume were meant to show how anti-Semitism was beginning to run rampant in Berlin , but Grey said it caused problems in the New York stage production . "  There were a number of Jewish groups who missed the point of that song , " he said . "  They just thought that we were saying Jews were ugly . " The line was replaced with "  She is n't a meeskite at all , " but the response was tepid .  Meeskite was an old Yiddish term to describe an unattractive woman .  Grey , who is Jewish , said the lyrics did n't offend him and he was hesitant about changing them . "  I conveniently forgot about the change a few times , " he said with a nod . Fosse passed away in 1987 . Daughter Nicole Fosse told CNN that when the famed director and choreographer worked , he "  asked people to do something they had never done before . " Actress Marisa Berenson was still new to show business at the time she was cast as Natalia Landauer . "  Cabaret " was her second film , and she remembered Fosse as a great director who brought out the best in her and found unique ways to challenge her . "  He played tricks on me and used to whisper erotic things in my ear before scenes so that I would kind of blush and feel strange , " she said , "  which I did . And , you know , all that to get a good performance , and so I learned a lot and it was really wonderful . " As the song goes , "  Life is a cabaret , old chum , " and that appears to have been the case for this cast as well . "  We were so close , " Minnelli said . "  We were in a world of our own , and I think that shows . " The actress/singer called the filming "  one of the best beginning to end experiences I ever had . And every Friday night ,  Fosse  gave a party on the set . In fact , there 's a scene in the movie where you see somebody playing the saw . That was a stagehand who played the saw . " She added , "  Making the movie was so much fun , and so weird and bizarre and very sensual . " "  Cabaret " won eight Academy Awards , including best director  Fosse  , best actress  Minnelli  and best supporting actor  Grey  . It lost the best picture Oscar to "  The Godfather . " "  They said my name and my father  director Vincente Minnelli  screamed so loudly , " Minnelli said , "  screamed in my ear -- that I still have tinnitus . I do ! "	The cast of the 1972 film "  Cabaret " reunites for "  40th anniversary " screening Joel Grey as emcee : "  I somehow felt empowered to make him even darker  than onstage  " Favoring gritty realism , director Bob Fosse did n't like actors to burst spontaneously into song "  Cabaret " won eight Oscars the year "  The Godfather " was released
London , England  CNN  -- News International announced plans Friday to charge for access to The Times and The Sunday Times Web sites starting in June . The publisher said both British newspapers will launch new Web sites in early May and offer a free trial period to registered customers . Starting in June , each site will charge # 1  $ 1.48  for a day 's access or # 2  $ 2.96  for a week 's subscription , News International said . The newspapers are currently available free on a combined site , www.timesonline.co.uk , but they will have separate sites starting in May . Subscribers will have access to both sites , News International said . "  At a defining moment for journalism , this is a crucial step towards making the business of news an economically exciting proposition , " said Rebekah Brooks , chief executive at News International . "  We are proud of our journalism and unashamed to say that we believe it has value . " Would you pay to read your news on the web ? The only other major British newspaper currently charging for online content is the Financial Times , which charges a basic rate of # 3.29  $ 4.90  a week for a year-long subscription . Users can view up to 10 online articles for free each month , but they must register . In its Alphaville blog , the Financial Times said "  this experiment will be closely watched by the embattled media industry . " The paper 's digital media correspondent Tim Bradshaw wrote there are already doubts about the success of the paid-for plan . "  The wide availability of free news online has led many to question whether paywalls can attract substantial numbers of customers , " Bradshaw wrote . "  In the UK , newspapers face online competition from the BBC , which earlier this month pledged to curtail the scope of its Web sites . " Brooks , of News International , said the company expects to attract a growing base of customers with the online subscriptions . She also indicated the plan could be extended to cover the company 's other two British titles , tabloids The Sun and News of the World . "  This is just the start , " Brooks said . Sunday Times Editor John Witherow said the planned subscription price will be a bargain , costing about the same as a cup of coffee . Comments on the story in the Media section of The Guardian 's Web site -- which is free -- were mixed . "  Bye bye to the Times then , " wrote a user named rocketracer . "  This goes against the basic principle of the internet which is about increasing access to information not restricting it . " Another user called jodro wrote , "  Much as it pains me to say it , like everyone I like things for free , but some kind of Internet payment structure is the only way to rescue quality journalism and an independent press that can counterbalance the increasing powers that technological developments hand to governments worldwide . " Last year Rupert Murdoch , the chairman and CEO of News International 's parent company News Corp. , said the current free access business model favored by most content providers was flawed . "  We are now in the midst of an epochal debate over the value of content and it is clear to many newspapers that the current model is malfunctioning , " he said . Murdoch said the experience of the News Corp.-owned Wall Street Journal had proved that charging for content could be made to work . He said 360,000 people had downloaded an iPhone WSJ application in three weeks . Users would soon be made to pay "  handsomely " for accessing WSJ content , he added . The media tycoon has also repeatedly threatened to pull his company 's news Web sites from Google and put all company sites that are currently free behind a pay wall . Google strengthens news content walls His international newspaper empire includes the New York Post , the News International stable of UK titles including the Sun and the Times , and a cluster of Australian papers including the Daily Telegraph and the Herald Sun . His comments come with the U.S. newspaper industry in a state of crisis amid plunging advertising revenues and falling circulations with several historic titles already going out of business .	Both newspapers will launch new Web sites in early May , offering free trial to users Rupert Murdoch : Free access business model favored by most content providers "  flawed " Financial Times only other major UK newspaper currently charging for online content News International hinted plan could be extended to cover company 's other UK titles
Washington  CNN  -- It 's been widely reported . The Republican Party is locked in battle . Establishment Republicans are being challenged by insurgents hoping to purify the brand and return the GOP to small government , free market principles . The conservative grassroots are organizing this election season to elect their preferred , ideologically pure candidate , even if that means unseating House and Senate incumbents . It 's a strategy they had in 2010 and 2012 with mixed results . But too much emphasis might be placed on the internal strife . Because if money has anything to do with it , which it does , the battle is more like a fight between David and Goliath . Republican establishment chooses electability over purity The three main groups working to unseat a handful of incumbents are the Senate Conservatives Fund , Club for Growth and FreedomWorks . A few of the incumbents they want to unseat : Sens. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the chamber 's Republican leader , and Thad Cochran of Mississippi . Also on their list is Rep. Mike Simpson of Idaho . McConnell 's re-election bid one of the key 2014 races They have raised a nice chunk of cash . Combined , the groups ' super PACs , which have different agendas and are only being lumped together because of their influence and effectiveness and their ability to raise unlimited amounts of campaign cash , have spent about $ 15 million in the past 15 months . That 's not an insignificant amount and that 's a good portion of the nearly $ 50 million spent by all outside groups combined this midterm election season . But Robert Maguire of the Center for Responsive Politics said campaign spending is already ahead of this point in 2012 , the most expensive campaign season in history . "  No matter of how you look at it , we 're well ahead of where we were at the last midterms and also the last election , " he said . But the thing is that the incumbents they are trying to beat are raising even more cash . Political strategists agree that incumbents are much more prepared this time around . For instance , McConnell has amassed a war chest of $ 20 million and he 's already spent $ 10 million -- that 's almost more than the three groups combined - for his May 20 primary . And those groups are involved in a dozen different races . Making it that much more difficult in the money race is that McConnell 's cash does n't include the outside groups that support him . "  Sometimes we can compete against them and sometimes we ca n't , " Russ Walker , the National Political Director of FreedomWorks For America , said . "  Sometimes we win and sometimes we do n't . " While McConnell has raised and spent an enormous amount so far -- more than any other candidate , Republican incumbents with more modest resources are still operating at an advantage . 2014 Midterms : What 's at stake Of all the incumbents being challenged , Cochran is expected to be in the most danger of losing . He is currently winning the cash contest , however . He and the flushest super PAC backing him have spent about $ 2.6 million ahead of the June 3 primary . His challenger , Chris McDaniel , and the groups backing him have spent about $ 1.7 million . And in Idaho , where Rep. Mike Simpson is facing off against Bryan Smith , Simpson has spent more than $ 1 million while Smith , who has received the endorsements of many non-establishment groups , has spent only $ 550,000 for their May 20 primary . People who financially back efforts to oust incumbents they consider unfit believe their money is well-placed , even if their candidate does n't win . Walker refers to McConnell 's race : "  He 's going to spend $ 10 to $ 15 million in this primary convincing the voters he 's the person we want him to be . His voting record has become more conservative . His rhetoric has become more fiscally conservative . In my mind that 's a win . " Incumbents have built-in advantages . Senators have a six year campaign cycle and raise money for their next election for all six years . In addition , they often have access to the established network of party donors and influence peddlers . Many independent groups , such as the super PACs and 501c4s , did n't even exist in 2010 when the Supreme Court opened the flood gates to independent spending with the Citizens United decision . But they are learning quickly and each campaign season the top groups raise more . Maguire said the influx of cash into campaigns has adverse consequences . "  It 's basically become the permanent campaign , " he said . Complete coverage : 2014 midterms CNN "  s Robert Yoon contributed to this story .	The Republican Party is facing internal strife this campaign season Insurgent Republicans are receiving a lot of attention and it might be outsized Their campaign spending is dwarfed by establishment forces
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored his second hat-trick in four days as titleholders Barcelona marched into the knockout stage of the European Champions League on a night of milestones for the Spanish club on Tuesday . The striker , a big favorite to win his third world player of the year award after heading the 2011 nominations before the match against Viktoria Plzen , passed a double century of goals for Barca to mark coach Josep Guardiola 's 200th match in charge . The Czech champions capitulated to a 4-0 home defeat in the Group H game after having Marian Cisovsky sent off for a foul in the box on Messi , who scored the resulting penalty to open the scoring in the 24th minute with his milestone goal . The Argentine made it 2-0 in the second minute of first-half injury-time after combining with Adriano , and he sealed the rout in stoppage time after a superb backheel pass from central defender Gerard Pique set him free for his 202nd . Is Messi the only candidate for Ballon d'Or ? Barca 's third came in the 72nd minute when Cesc Fabregas -- among eight Barca players in the 23-man FIFA Ballon d'Or Shortlist -- headed home a cross by young winger Isaac Cuenca . Guardiola became only the fifth Barca boss to reach 200 games , suffering just 17 defeats . Messi has scored 160 of the 500 goals netted in that period . The clean sheet meant that Barcelona goalkeeper Victor Valdes set a new club record of 877 minutes without conceding , beating the previous mark set by Miguel Reina in 1973 . The win gave Barca 10 points from four games , leaving the Catalans two clear of second-placed AC Milan with two rounds to play . The Italian champions went through to the second round despite being held 1-1 by BATE Borisov in Belarus in an earlier kickoff . Milan went into the match denying reports that hospitalized striker Antonio Cassano had suffered a stroke . "  I think every patient has the right to privacy , the doctors are working on it and there 's nothing more to say , " chief executive Adriano Galliani told the club 's website . "  I spoke to him today and he seemed in good form . There was of course a bit of fear because the whole thing was so unexpected . " Milan took the lead in the 22nd minute through striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who won possession out wide on the right and then burst into the box to receive Robinho 's pass and score . But Borisov leveled 10 minutes after halftime with a penalty by Renan Bressan when Ignazio Abate fouled Artem Kontsevoy . Chelsea missed the chance to go through in Group E after being held to a 1-1 draw by Genk in Belgium , as David Luiz missed a penalty for the visitors . Captain John Terry was left on the bench after UK police confirmed he faces a formal investigation into claims the defender racially abused Queen 's Park Rangers ' Anton Ferdinand . The London team , beaten 5-3 by Arsenal at the weekend , took a 26th-minute lead through Ramires but fellow Brazilian Luiz saw his spot-kick saved five minutes before the break . Jelle Vossen leveled just after the hour to leave Chelsea on eight points , and Genk on bottom with two . Second-placed Bayer Leverkusen remained on six points after losing 3-1 at Valencia , who are a point further back following the second-fastest goal in Champions League history . Jonas netted just after 10 seconds , but Stefan Kiessling equalized on the half hour . However , Roberto Soldado  65  and Adil Rami  75  kept the Spanish side 's hopes alive ahead of the final two games . Group F leaders Arsenal also failed to qualify for the last 16 after being held to a 0-0 draw at home to Marseille . The French side remained one point behind Arsenal , who have two wins and two draws . German champions Borussia Dortmund moved off the bottom with a 1-0 win over Greek club Olympiakos . Kevin Grosskreutz scored the only goal in the seventh minute with a spectacular strike to put Dortmund within three points of Marseille ahead of the trip to Arsenal on November 23 . Group G was blown wide open when unfancied Cypriot side Apoel Nicosia shocked Europa League winners Porto 2-1 to stay top of the table . Ailton put the home side ahead three minutes before halftime with a penalty , but fellow Brazilian Hulk leveled from the spot for the Portuguese champions in the 89th minute . However , Gustavo Manduca headed a last-gasp winner to put Apoel a point clear of Zenit St. Petersburg . The Russian champions won 1-0 against Ukraine 's Shakhtar Donetsk , who were left bottom on two points after center-back Nicolas Lombaerts headed the only goal in first-half injury-time .	Barcelona through to last 16 of the European Champions League Lionel Messi nets treble in 4-0 win over Czech champions Viktoria Plzen AC Milan also go through from Group H despite 1-1 draw in Belarus English clubs Arsenal and Chelsea fail to progress after also being held
Editor 's note : John M. McCardell Jr. , president emeritus at Middlebury College , is founder and president of Choose Responsibility , a nonprofit organization that seeks to engage the public in debate over the effects of the 21-year-old drinking age . John McCardell says the 21-year-old drinking age is n't preventing widespread binge drinking . CNN  -- One year ago , a group of college and university presidents and chancellors , eventually totaling 135 , issued a statement that garnered national attention . The "  Amethyst Initiative " put a debate proposition before the public -- "  Resolved : That the 21-year-old drinking age is not working . " It offered , in much the way a grand jury performs its duties , sufficient evidence for putting the proposition to the test . It invited informed and dispassionate public debate and committed the signatory institutions to encouraging that debate . And it called on elected officials not to continue assuming that , after 25 years , the status quo could not be challenged , even improved . One year later , the drinking age debate continues , and new research reinforces the presidential impulse . Just this summer a study published in the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry revealed that , among college-age males , binge drinking is unchanged from its levels of 1979 ; that among non-college women it has increased by 20 percent ; and that among college women it has increased by 40 percent . Remarkably , the counterintuitive conclusion drawn by the investigators , and accepted uncritically by the media , including editorials in The New York Times and The Washington Post is that the study proves that raising the drinking age to 21 has been a success . More recently , a study of binge drinking published in the Journal of the American Medical Association announced that "  despite efforts at prevention , the prevalence of binge drinking among college students is continuing to rise , and so are the harms associated with it . " Worse still , a related study has shown that habits formed at 18 die hard : "  For each year studied , a greater percentage of 21 - to 24-year-olds -LSB- those who were of course once 18 , 19 and 20 -RSB- engaged in binge drinking and driving under the influence of alcohol . " Yet , in the face of mounting evidence that those young adults age 18 to 20 toward whom the drinking age law has been directed are routinely -- indeed in life - and health-threatening ways -- violating it , there remains a belief in the land that a minimum drinking age of 21 has been a "  success . " And elected officials are periodically reminded of a provision in the 1984 law that continues to stifle any serious public debate in our country 's state legislative chambers : Any state that sets its drinking age lower than 21 forfeits 10 percent of its annual federal highway appropriation . But it 's not 1984 anymore . This statement may seem obvious , but not necessarily . In 1984 Congress passed and the president signed the National Minimum Drinking Age Act . The Act , which raised the drinking age to 21 under threat of highway fund withholding , sought to address the problem of drunken driving fatalities . And indeed , that problem was serious . States that lowered their ages during the 1970s and did nothing else to prepare young adults to make responsible decisions about alcohol witnessed an alarming increase in alcohol-related traffic fatalities . It was as though the driving age were lowered but no drivers education were provided . The results were predictable . Now , 25 years later , we are in a much different , and better , place . Thanks to the effective public advocacy of organizations like Mothers Against Drunk Driving , we are far more aware of the risks of drinking and driving . Automobiles are much safer . Seatbelts and airbags are mandatory . The "  designated driver " is now a part of our vocabulary . And more and more states are mandating ignition interlocks for first-time DUI offenders , perhaps the most effective way to get drunken drivers off the road . And the statistics are encouraging . Alcohol-related fatalities have declined over the last 25 years . Better still , they have declined in all age groups , though the greatest number of deaths occurs at age 21 , followed by 22 and 23 . We are well on the way to solving a problem that vexed us 25 years ago . The problem today is different . The problem today is reckless , goal-oriented alcohol consumption that all too often takes place in clandestine locations , where enforcement has proven frustratingly difficult . Alcohol consumption among young adults is not taking place in public places or public view or in the presence of other adults who might help model responsible behavior . But we know it is taking place . If not in public , then where ? The college presidents who signed the Amethyst Initiative know where . It happens in "  pre-gaming " sessions in locked dorm rooms where students take multiple shots of hard alcohol in rapid succession , before going to a social event where alcohol is not served . It happens in off-campus apartments beyond college boundaries and thus beyond the presidents ' authority ; and it happens in remote fields to which young adults must drive . And the Amethyst presidents know the deadly result : Of the 5,000 lives lost to alcohol each year by those under 21 , more than 60 percent are lost OFF the roadways , according to the National Institute of Alcoholism and Alcohol Abuse . The principal problem of 2009 is not drunken driving . The principal problem of 2009 is clandestine binge drinking . That is why the Amethyst presidents believe a public debate is so urgent . The law does not say drink responsibly or drink in moderation . It says do n't drink . To those affected by it , those who in the eyes of the law are , in every other respect legal adults , it is Prohibition . And it is incomprehensible . The principal impediment to public debate is the 10 percent highway penalty . That penalty should be waived for those states that choose to try something different , which may turn out to be something better . But merely adjusting the age -- up or down -- is not really the way to make a change . We should prepare young adults to make responsible decisions about alcohol in the same way we prepare them to operate a motor vehicle : by first educating and then licensing , and permitting them to exercise the full privileges of adulthood so long as they demonstrate their ability to observe the law . Licensing would work like drivers education -- it would involve a permit , perhaps graduated , allowing the holder the privilege of purchasing , possessing and consuming alcohol , as each state determined , so long as the holder had passed an alcohol education course and observed the alcohol laws of the issuing state . Most of the rest of the world has come out in a different place on the drinking age . The United States is one of only four countries -- the others are Indonesia , Mongolia and Palau -- with an age as high as 21 . All others either have no minimum age or have a lower age , generally 18 , with some at 16 . Young adults know that . And , in their heart of hearts , they also know that a law perceived as unjust , a law routinely violated , can over time breed disrespect for law in general . Slowly but surely we may be seeing a change in attitude . This summer , Dr. Morris Chafetz , a distinguished psychiatrist , a member of the presidential commission that recommended raising the drinking age , and the founder of the National Institute for Alcoholism and Alcohol Abuse admitted that supporting the higher drinking age is "  the most regrettable decision of my entire professional career . " This remarkable statement did not receive the attention it merited . Alcohol is a reality in the lives of young adults . We can either try to change the reality -- which has been our principal focus since 1984 , by imposing Prohibition on young adults 18 to 20 -- or we can create the safest possible environment for the reality . A drinking age minimum of 21 has not changed the reality . It 's time to try something different . It 's not 1984 anymore . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John M. McCardell Jr. .	John McCardell : 135 college officers joined in questioning 21 as drinking age He says binge drinking is flourishing in locked rooms and remote areas He says U.S. is one of very few countries with such a high drinking age McCardell says alcohol is a reality in lives of 18 - to 20-year-olds
CNN  -- There is one holiday destination that should shake the faith of even the most vehement climate change skeptic : the Carteret Islands , part of Papua New Guinea , located northeast of Bougainville . The Carteret Islands are just one of a number of places already feeling the effects of climate change . The palm trees sway gently under a balmy sun , the beaches are perfect , and stretched out as far as the eye can see is the wide blue of the Pacific Ocean . The only problem with this idyllic scene is that the water is getting closer ; slowly but surely , as global warming bites and sea levels rise , the islands are being swallowed up , leaving the few hundred inhabitants pondering an uncertain future . "  King tides and sea surges are floodling the island to a knee high and it is difficult for the salt water to dry up , " says Ursula Rakova , a Carteret islander and campaigner . "  Fruit trees and nut trees have lost their leaves and only skeleton branches are left standing . The only greenery is from coconut and sago palms ... People have no garden food to feed on ... We have lost more than 60 percent of our land already . " The problem is that on the Carteret Islands , a horseshoe shaped scatter of small islands around a central lagoon , nowhere is more than 1.2 meters above sea level . If anywhere was the canary in the mine forewarning us of the disaster predicted in low lying areas of the world if runaway climate change takes hold , it 's right here . Rakova says there is a growing dependency culture on the island as people rely on international aid for food , which is destroying the social and cultural fabric of the Carterets . "  This is a state of emergency , " she says . "  Why are the rich nations ignoring the fate of the Carterets Islanders ? Are the rich nations waiting for the islanders to float before they can act and put money where their mouths are in terms of human rights ? " It 's a cruel irony that the people with some of the lowest carbon footprints are already paying the price for the emissions of far richer countries , and are forced to leave their homes for an uncertain future . But the Carteret Islanders are n't alone . Environmentalists point to Inuit communities threatened by melting ice in Greenland , and those living around the fast-shrinking Lake Chad in Africa , as among many already feeling the effects . Watch the effects of warming temperatures on Arctic ice " "  The issue of environmental refugees promises to rank as one of the foremost human crises or our time , " says British environmentalist and Oxford University professor Norman Myers , who has published extensively on the subject . A report by Friends of the Earth in 2007 identified communities all over the world , from Brazil and Honduras , to Malaysia , Mali , Peru and even the UK , that were directly under threat from a mix of drought , rising sea levels , other extreme weather and disease . Climate refugees : Causing controversy As much of the primary research on our future climate looks increasingly gloomy -- and privately some scientists will make far blacker predictions than they publish - the world seems faced with a growing challenge . Experts at the climate change conference in Copenhagen in March issued a stark warning when they revised up the scale of projected sea level rises , saying many coastal areas around the world could be completely inundated by 2100 . "  It is now clear that there are going to be massive flooding disasters around the globe , " said Dr David Vaughan , of the British Antarctic Survey , in Copenhagen . As well as low-lying areas of Bangladesh and the Maldives , the scientists warned that the Netherlands could face catastrophic floods , and large areas of Florida and the UK , including the Thames Estuary , may disappear under the waves . But despite the threat of widespread future problems -- and the reality of life for the Carteret Islanders now - the term "  environmental refugees " remains controversial . Some NGOs , such as Greenpeace , have spoken in terms of 150 million displaced people being driven from their homes by 2050 as climate change makes their lives impossible . Their figures are backed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change . Other groups , notably the Norwegian Refugee Council , have urged caution and said such quantities are impossible to verify , even suggesting that they could play into the hands of right wing groups keen to create a fear of a tide of immigration . "  Because one can not completely isolate climate change as a cause however , it is difficult , if not impossible to stipulate any numbers , " the NRC writes in the 2008 report , Future Flood of Refugees . But while the controversy rages , some experts warn the needs of people such as the Carteret Islanders are being ignored . As the numbers of similar soon-to-be refugees looks likely to grow exponentially , the world needs to wake up to the problem and decide fast how to deal with it . "  There is no legal recognition of people displaced by environmental causes and no international treaty protecting them , " says Stephanie Long , Climate Coordinator at Friends of the Earth International . Meanwhile back on the Carteret Islanders time is running out and an entire cultural group needs relocating because of rising seas . By 2015 Friends of the Earth International estimate the islands will be largely uninhabitable . Islanders have tried to fight the sea by planting mangroves and building walls , but storm surges and high tides continue to destroy homes and crops , and contaminate fresh water . Since 2007 the slow process of evacuation has been ongoing . Not for the first time , a quiet , remote group of people seem to be slipping through the fingers of the global community . It is unlikely they will be the last . "  I wish that the people causing the melting of the icecaps would do something to help us stay in our homes , " says John Sailik from Han Island , Carterets . "  Because we love living on our little island . "	Carteret Islands of Papua New Guinea losing land to rising sea levels Evacuation of islanders planned ; number of environmental refugees predicted to rise From Greenland to Lake Chad many areas feeling negative effects of climate change Many groups warn of caution when using term ` climate refugee '
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Jordan 's King Abdullah II has made a call for national unity and reform following bloody clashes between protesters and government loyalists late last week , the country 's Petra News Agency reported . "  What matters to us in this stage is that our national unity must not be undermined , " the king said Sunday , while visiting the southern region of Petra . "  We are proceeding in earnest with the political reform process and we have nothing to fear . " The assurances from King Abdullah came two days after Friday 's clashes left dozens injured and as opposition groups continued to demand the resignations of the country 's prime minister and senior security officials . "  We recognize the difficult conditions and challenges the Kingdom and the whole region are passing through , " the king said , "  but we are optimistic about the future we seek through developmental and economic projects . " The demonstrations turned violent as government loyalists clashed with protesters calling for the dissolution of parliament , an elected government and constitutional reforms . Dozens were injured as the two sides converged in a hail of rocks and swinging sticks , according to protest organizers and the government . At least 62 people and 58 security force members were injured , the country 's General Security Directorate said . One man died of a heart attack in Friday 's protests , officials said . Among those calling for the dismissal of government officials were family members of the 56-year-old protester . The brothers and sons of Fakhri Jamil blamed the heart attack on beatings they say he sustained from security forces and "  thugs . " Meanwhile , Jordanian Interior Minister Saad Hayel Srour and Gen. Hussain al-Majali , the head of Jordan 's Public Security Department , told reporters Saturday that gatherings such as Friday 's , which occupy a main area and disrupt day-to-day activities , will not be tolerated . Security forces have allowed peaceful protests in the kingdom for more than 12 weeks , the two said . Al-Majali said security forces should not be accused of any shortcomings or negligence during Friday 's protest , noting that had they not intervened during the clashes , "  today we would have had funerals that can not be counted . " He said the forces practiced restraint and intervened only to prevent bloodshed and save citizens ' lives . A CNN team in Amman on Friday witnessed some security forces beating up anti-government protesters .	Clashes between government forces and protesters injure dozens on Friday Opposition groups are renewing their calls for government reforms King Abdullah II urges reform Security forces should not be accused of negligence during Friday 's protest , official says
Washington  CNN  -- Bomb plots targeting the New York Stock Exchange and the city 's subway were among more than 50 terrorist acts worldwide thwarted by top-secret surveillance programs since the 2001 al Qaeda attacks on the United States , security officials said Tuesday . The startling details disclosed at a House intelligence committee hearing reflected a unified effort by the Obama administration and legislators to defend the telephone and e-mail surveillance made public this month by classified leaks to newspapers . Testimony by Gen. Keith Alexander , the National Security Agency director , as well as officials from the FBI , Department of Justice and the Director of National Intelligence office called the programs created under the Patriot Act in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks a vital tool against terrorist plots . Joined by panel Chairman Rep. Mike Rogers and other legislators , they condemned the document leaks by former government contractor Edward Snowden as harmful to the United States and its allies . The leaks also led to what officials called widespread public misinformation about the surveillance programs that necessitated the relatively rare open hearing by the intelligence panel , where they detailed previously classified information in order to set the record straight . It was the most comprehensive and specific defense of the surveillance methods that have come under ferocious criticism from civil liberties groups , some members of Congress and others concerned about the reach of government into the private lives of citizens . National security and law enforcement officials repeated that the programs are tightly run with significant regulation and oversight by federal judges and Congress . Addressing the most basic questions that have emerged , Rogers asked Alexander if intelligence workers have the ability to simply "  flip a switch " in order to listen to phone calls or read the emails of Americans . When Alexander replied "  no , " Rogers asked again to reinforce the message for anyone listening . "  So the technology does not exist for any individual or group of individuals at the NSA to flip a switch to listen to Americans ' phone calls or read their e-mails ? " he repeated . "  That is correct , " Alexander answered . He and others also asserted that the leaks were egregious and carry huge consequences for national security . "  I think it was irreversible and significant damage to this nation , " Alexander said when questioned by Rep. Michele Bachmann . "  Has this helped America 's enemies ? " the conservative Minnesota Republican asked . "  I believe it has and I believe it will hurt us and our allies , " Alexander said . President Barack Obama has defended the programs as necessary in an era of terror . In an interview with PBS ' Charlie Rose broadcast on Monday night , Obama said the situation requires a national debate on the balance between security and privacy . Obama bristles at suggestion he 's shifted on snooping Alexander told a Senate committee last week that the surveillance programs helped stop dozens of terror plots , but he was unable then to provide classified details . Under pressure from Rogers and other legislators , Alexander joined law enforcement officials Tuesday in making public some declassified details of the Patriot Act provisions . In recent years , Alexander said , information "  gathered from these programs provided government with critical leads to prevent over 50 potential terrorist events in more than 20 countries around the world . " Details of most of the thwarted terrorism acts remain secret , but national security officials said they were working on declassifying more information and could have a report to Congress as early as this week . Sean Joyce , the deputy FBI director , detailed how email surveillance of foreigners under one program helped authorities discover the two New York City plots . In the fall of 2009 , Joyce said , the NSA intercepted an e-mail from a suspected terrorist in Pakistan . That person was talking with someone in the United States "  about perfecting a recipe for explosives , " he said . Authorities identified Afghan-born Najibullah Zazi of Denver . The FBI followed him to New York and eventually broke up planning to attack the city 's subway system . Zazi pleaded guilty and is currently in prison . Snowden claims online Obama expanded ` abusive ' security In the other New York case , the NSA was monitoring a "  known extremist " in Yemen who was in contact with a person in the United States , Joyce said . The FBI detected "  nascent plotting " to bomb the stock exchange , long considered a target of terrorists , and the plotters were later convicted , according to Joyce . He also said e-mail surveillance disrupted an effort to attack the office of a Danish newspaper that was threatened for publishing a cartoon of the Prophet Mohammed in 2006 . The plot involved David Headley , a U.S citizen living in Chicago . The FBI received intelligence at the time regarding his possible involvement in the 2008 Mumbai terror attack that killed 164 people , Joyce said . The NSA , through surveillance of an al Qaeda-affiliated terrorist , found that Headley was working on a plot to bomb the newspaper . Headley later confessed to conducting surveillance and was convicted . He also pleaded guilty to conducting surveillance in the Mumbai case . In a fourth case , secret surveillance "  tipped us off " to a person who had indirect contacts with a known terrorist group overseas , Joyce said . "  We were able to reopen this investigation , identify additional individuals through the legal process and were able to disrupt this terrorist activity , " Joyce said . In an exchange with Joyce , Rep. Mac Thornberry of Texas said the case involved someone financing a designated terrorist group in Somalia . Rogers , who scheduled the hearing in recent days after Alexander pledged to declassify information on terror plots thwarted by the secret programs , said it was necessary to clear up public confusion caused by misinformation . "  If half the things I read in blog and other places were true , I would n't support it , " the Michigan Republican said , later adding that skeptics "  have no understanding " of what is going on . In particular , he said Snowden disclosed only a sliver of information about the programs without knowing the full extent of what they did and the strict regulation and oversight of them . "  None of the things he talked about were accurate , " Rogers said of Snowden . The hearing came one day after Snowden defended his actions in leaking classified documents to Britain 's Guardian newpaper and the Washington Post . In a series of blog posts on the Guardian website , the 29-year-old Snowden said he disclosed the information because Obama worsened "  abusive " surveillance practices instead of curtailing them as he promised as a presidential candidate . The former NSA contractor insisted that U.S. authorities have access to phone calls , e-mails and other communications far beyond constitutional bounds . While he said legal restrictions can be easily skirted by analysts at the NSA , FBI and CIA , Snowden stopped short of accusing authorities of violating specific laws . Instead , he said toothless regulations and policies were to blame for what he called "  suspicionless surveillance , " and he warned that policies can be changed to allow further abuses . At Tuesday 's hearing , officials detailed how the programs operate and the judicial and legislative oversight involved , repeating several times how access to the content of e-mails or telephone calls -- or even the names of people involved -- required authorization . Deputy Attorney General James Cole noted that basic phone records collected under Section 215 of the Patriot Act were not protected by Fourth Amendment rights to privacy , citing a 1979 Supreme Court ruling . In the case , Smith v. Maryland , the justices ruled that information about telephone calls -- such as their time and duration -- was different from the content of the calls and therefore not protected under the Fourth Amendment . Cole also provided a detailed description of the legal framework of the programs , noting that the anti-terrorism surveillance effort is not "  off the books " or "  hidden away . " "  This is part of what government puts together and discusses , " he said . "  Statutes are passed . It is overseen by three branches of our government -- the Legislature , the Judiciary , and the Executive Branch . " He described the U.S. phone records collected under Section 215 as basic information "  just like what you would get in your own phone bill . " "  It is the number that was dialed from , the number that was dialed to , the date and the length of time . That 's all we get , " he said . "  We do not get the identity of any of the parties to this phone call . We do n't get any cell site or location information as to where any of these phones were located . And , most importantly , and you 're probably going to hear this about 100 times today , we do n't get any content under this . We do n't listen in on anybody 's calls under this program at all . " Tech companies jockey to seem the most transparent Instead , it takes permission from a special court to get access to further information , based on a verifiable link to a terrorism investigation , Cole explained . Such links have mostly come from another surveillance program that collects communications information of foreign terrorism suspects living overseas . Critics question the need to store the vast amount of U.S. phone records , saying it creates a database prone to abuses and provides little return for the risk and privacy concerns . Alexander said Tuesday the phone database played a role in stopping 10 terrorist acts since the 9/11 attacks . At the same time , he and other officials said there were no cases they knew of in which anyone willfully misused the system to access information . "  If you 're looking for the needle in a haystack , " Cole said , "  you have to have the haystack . "	Officials disclose details of plots to bomb New York 's subway system , stock exchange Secret surveillance programs helped uncover more than 50 terrorist acts , officials say The NSA chief says intelligence leaks about the surveillance programs harmed security NEW : Official : "  If you 're looking for the needle in a haystack , you have to have the haystack "
