Latvian Prime Minister Valdis Dombrovskis is resigning in the wake of a deadly supermarket roof collapse , his spokesman said Wednesday . Dombrovskis is "  taking political responsibility for the tragedy , " spokesman Martin Punke told CNN . The roof collapse last Thursday in the Zolitude neighborhood of the capital , Riga , left more than 50 people dead -- the deadliest incident in Latvia since the country became independent in 1991 . Dombrovskis , who has been prime minister since March 2009 , is expected to address the nation in a news conference Wednesday afternoon . His decision to step down came after a meeting with the president , according to Latvia 's national news agency , LETA . The news agency quotes Dombrovskis as thanking Latvians for their support during the economic and financial crisis and apologizing "  for all that we have failed to achieve . " A total of 54 people , including three firefighters , died in the collapse and several dozen were injured , LETA said . In the wake of the tragedy , President Andris Berzins told Latvian television that "  nature could not be blamed " and that those involved needed to think about what they had done , so that action could be taken . "  This incident is basically the mass murder of a large number of defenseless civilians . We must act accordingly , " Berzins said . The cause of the disaster is still under investigation . However , Riga Mayor Nils Usakovs told CNN last week that authorities think building materials stored on the roof caused it to collapse .	Prime Minister Valdis Dombrovskis announces his resignation over the roof collapse More than 50 people died when the supermarket roof came crashing down last week Dombrovskis is expected to address the nation Wednesday His spokesman says he is "  taking political responsibility for the tragedy "
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez told reporters Wednesday that his country 's embassy in Libya 's capital was "  attacked and plundered . " Chavez demanded respect and protection for his country 's ambassador and embassy staff , and condemned the "  imperial insanity " that he said was behind the "  destruction " of the North African nation , Venezuela 's state-run VTV reported . "  The drama of Libya does not even end with the fall of  Moammar  Gadhafi 's government , " Chavez said . "  It is only beginning . " Chavez and Gadhafi are close allies . The Venezuelan president has spoken out numerous times since the unrest erupted in Libya , accusing the United States and other countries of blowing the situation out of proportion to justify an invasion . On Tuesday he said Venezuela would recognize only a Libyan government led by Gadhafi . "  From here we confirm our solidarity with the Libyan people , our brother that is being assaulted and bombed , " the state-run AVN news agency reported .	Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez condemns "  imperial insanity " behind unrest in Libya He calls for respect and protection for Venezuela 's ambassador and embassy staff "  The drama of Libya ... is only beginning , " Chavez says Chavez and Moammar Gadhafi are close allies
For months he was held captive by the North Korean regime , not even sure what he would be charged with . Then in one fell swoop , American citizen Matthew Todd Miller was convicted of committing "  acts hostile " to North Korea and sentenced to six years of hard labor , North Korean state-run media reported Sunday . While Miller 's fate is now clear , the circumstances surrounding his alleged crime remain murky . According to the state-run Korean Central News Agency , the 24-year-old arrived in North Korea as a tourist on April 10 and ripped up his tourist visa , shouted his desire to seek asylum and said "  he came to the DPRK after choosing it as a shelter . " DPRK refers to North Korea 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . Its government is a communist dictatorship renowned for human rights abuses . Washington demands release Early Monday , the U.S. State Department demanded that North Korea release Miller and fellow American prisoner Kenneth Bae . "  The charges for which he  Miller  and the other detained U.S. citizens were arrested and imprisoned would not give rise to arrest or imprisonment in the United States or in many other countries around the world , " said spokesman Darby Holladay . He also asked for amnesty for the men and for American Jeffrey Fowle . Fowle , 56 , was arrested in June while traveling as a tourist . Holladay said that U.S. citizens are discouraged from visiting the country . Miller talks to CNN Earlier this month , Miller told CNN 's Will Ripley that he "  prepared to violate the law of DPRK before coming here . And I deliberately committed my crime . " But Miller did n't elaborate on what his "  crime " was . He said he would n't learn of his charges until he went to trial . It 's unclear whether his statements were made freely or under coercion . The North Korean government surprised CNN by presenting Miller and two other detained Americans -- Kenneth Bae and Jeffrey Edward Fowle -- for interviews . Each five-minute interview was monitored by the government . "  My situation is very urgent , " Miller told CNN . " ... Very soon , I 'm going to trial and I will directly be sent to prison . I think this interview is my final chance to push the American government into helping me . " How North Korea may be using U.S. detainees as ` bargaining chips ' A quiet California kid Miller 's family lives in Bakersfield , California . Close friends and neighbors told CNN they were instructed by the family not to speak to reporters . Miller is a 2008 graduate of Bakersfield High School , according to CNN affiliate KBAK . A few classmates told CNN that Miller seemed like an average kid . Two said they barely remembered him because he was so quiet . In a July interview , a neighbor told The Associated Press that Miller went to South Korea about four years ago to visit his brother and that he found a job teaching English . He traveled to North Korea this year after arranging a private tour through the U.S.-based company Uri Tours , which takes tourists into North Korea . Uri Tours has said it does n't have "  any understanding of why " Miller ripped up his visa . The company offers tours despite U.S. State Department warnings that U.S. citizens have been subject to arbitrary arrest and detention in North Korea . Miller 's case presents many questions , said Robert Kelly , an American who teaches International studies at Pusan National University in South Korea . "  If he wanted asylum , why 's he trying to get out ? " Kelly asked . "  Now , he changes his mind ? This is why the  U.S.  State Department encourages citizens not to go to North Korea . "	Washington calls for the immediate release of Miller and Kenneth Bae A court says Matthew Todd Miller committed "  acts hostile " to North Korea He previously told CNN , "  I deliberately committed my crime " That interview was monitored by the North Korean government
San Juan , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- Puerto Rican salsa legend Jose Luis "  Cheo " Feliciano , a giant of the genre , died in a car crash early Thursday morning in San Juan , police said . He was 78 . A crooner with one of the most recognizable and imitated voices in Latin music , Feliciano sang with the long-running Fania All Stars in the heyday of New York 's thriving salsa scene in the 1970s . "  Cheo was one of the most important stalwarts and forces of our music , " said Juan Moreno Velazquez , a New York-based journalist who has written biographies of salsa 's biggest stars . "  He will be mourned in Puerto Rico and throughout Latin America . He connected to the people , a true stalwart of our culture for all Latinos . The passing of this icon leaves immense pain throughout Latin America . " Indeed , the governor of Puerto Rico has declared three days of mourning and , throughout the island on Thursday , many motorists drove with their headlights on in tribute . Puerto Rico Gov. Alejandro Garcia Padilla said in a statement : "  Today , Puerto Rico lost one of its greatest voices . " Feliciano was born in Ponce , Puerto Rico , and made a name for himself in New York as a musician and singer for a number of groups . Considered salsa royalty , Feliciano was awarded a Latin Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2008 . The fatal car wreck happened about 4:13 a.m. Thursday , Puerto Rico police said . Feliciano lost control of the Jaguar he was driving and crashed into a light pole , police said . He died at the scene . Police told CNN en Español the singer was the only person in the car . The speed he was traveling at was under investigation , police said . His wife , Coco , told reporters that Feliciano did not like to wear a seat belt . The singer 's son , José Enrique Feliciano , praised his father at the scene of the accident . "  Papi is for all times , leaving his music and his heart to the people , " he said . "  Thank God that we have his music to remember him . " The singer was diagnosed with a treatable type of cancer last year , and he had undergone cancer treatments . In a statement , U.S. Rep. Nydia Velazquez called Feliciano a Puerto Rican treasure . "  His music embodied the rhythm of Puerto Ricans living in New York City and his lyrics helped tell our collective story , " she said . The death of Feliciano , beloved for his hits such as "  Anacaona " and "  Amada Mia , " was noted on the Twitter and Facebook accounts of some of Latin music 's biggest stars , from Ricky Martin to Ruben Blades , who tweeted "  BROTHER CHEO . I 've just learned of the accident and it is difficult for me to accept . " Singer Ricardo Montaner tweeted : "  I can not believe that Cheo is no longer with us ... Cheo Feliciano one in a million . "	Cheo Feliciano was killed in a single-car wreck early Thursday morning He lost control of his Jaguar and crashed into a light pole He was a salsa legend and Puerto Rican icon
CNN  -- A stampede at an elementary school in central China killed four students and injured more than 10 others Wednesday morning , authorities said . The cause of the crush at Qinji Elementary School in Hubei province is still under investigation , the state-run news agency Xinhua said in a short report . State-run broadcaster CCTV reported that it happened after an iron gate at the students ' dormitory failed to open . As the children were unable to exit through the gate , a large number of people built up against it , CCTV said . The pressure caused the gate to collapse , resulting in the stampede , the broadcaster reported . It was n't immediately clear why the gate would n't open . A photograph carried by Xinhua showed one of the students injured in the crush , Zhang Jiali , receiving treatment on a bed in a hospital in Laohekou City in Hubei . The child was still dressed in a purple jacket and stripy , wooly leggings . A total of 11 children were injured in the stampede , authorities in Laohekou said on their microblog account . A number of stampedes have taken place at Chinese schools in recent years . In 2009 , eight students were killed and 26 were injured in an incident at a middle school in Hunan province . And in 2006 , a stampede was reportedly set off in a middle school in Sichuan province by a student who stopped to tie shoelaces on a staircase . The resulting crush killed eight people and injured 27 . CNN 's CY Xu in Beijing and Tim Schwarz in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	NEW : The crush was caused by a gate that would n't open , state media report NEW : Eleven students are injured in the stampede , local authorities say It took place at an elementary school in Hubei province
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Ted Cruz lauded the Republican Senate takeover Tuesday night , but shied away from endorsing Sen. Mitch McConnell to lead the new majority . The Texas Republican declined to say whether he would vote for McConnell -- the current Senate minority leader -- to become the Senate majority leader . "  That 'll be a decision for the conference to make and that 'll be decided next week , " Cruz told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer twice on CNN . "  Tonight what I 'm focused on is the results of this election , which is a resounding Republican majority , " Cruz said . It 's not the first time that Cruz , a tea party favorite and potential 2016 presidential contender , has skirted the question , also declining to pledge his loyalty to McConnell in an interview with The Washington Post published Sunday . But Cruz did say that Americans are "  frustrated with what 's happening in Washington . " And McConnell might just be the face of that Republican establishment , having served in Congress for the past three decades . "  Now the responsibility falls on us to lead with a positive , bold , optimistic , pro-jobs agenda and I hope that we see Republicans unite , " Cruz said . "  I think a lot of voters are skeptical of politicians in both parties and I very much hope that my party can validate and earn the trust that 's been placed in us and that we can stand up , listen to the people . " Cruz also said he believes Republicans will be willing to work with Obama "  if the President is willing to work with us . " And Cruz said Republicans need to pass legislation to repeal Obamacare , though he conceded that Obama would "  almost surely " veto full repeal . Mitch McConnell re-elected	Ted Cruz declines to say whether he 'll vote for McConnell to become new Senate majority leader Americans are "  frustrated " with Washington , Cruz says McConnell has served in Congress for three decades
LONDON , England  CNN  -- You do n't want to monkey around on a blind date , especially if your friends are also taking an interest in the same dark , handsome stranger . Jookie , as she is known , studies a poster of French gorilla Yeboah , who is heading for London Zoo . So when three female gorillas at London Zoo heard that they would soon be visited by a brooding French hunk -- well , they went a bit bananas . The latest development in Anglo-French relations sees Yeboah , a 20-stone 12-year-old , leave his current home at La Boissiere Du Dore Zoo , Pays de la Loire , northwest France and head for the British capital by the end of the year . There he will be greeted by gorilla trio Zaire , Effie and Mjukuu , who were given posters of their prospective boyfriend for the first time Thursday . One female gorilla shrieked in delight , while another wedged the poster in a tree to stare at it . A third , clearly overcome by emotion , held the photo close to her chest -- then ate it . Their reception was somewhat unsurprising . The zoo has been without a male gorilla since the demise of Bobby , a silverback , in December . Tracey Lee , team leader at London Zoo , put in a good word for the hirsute lothario on the London Zoo Web site , saying Yeboah is "  a very charming , fun loving and intelligent gorilla . " But whom will Yeboah choose to charm first ? Zaire , at 34 , is the oldest female gorilla and has been at London Zoo since 1984 . The zoo says she 's "  happiest when she 's taking down and rebuilding her nest in various spots around the island . She loves to play with fabric and often drags it around with her all day . " Then there 's Effie , 16 , who "  enjoys seeing toddlers and often makes her way over to the glass when they come to see her , " according to the zoo Web site . Finally there 's 10-year-old Mjukuu , or "  Jookie . " Dan Simmonds , a keeper at the zoo 's Gorilla Kingdom , says she "  has this ` butter would n't melt look ' to her , and she gets away with murder . " "  The other two females get along with her very well ; she seems to have them all wrapped around her little finger . " Bridget Fallon contributed to this story .	London Zoo has been without a male gorilla since December French gorilla Yeboah is being sent from La Boissiere Du Dore Zoo , NW France Female gorillas at London have been shown posters of their new guest
CNN  -- Police nabbed him just as he was boarding a plane to travel from Texas to Europe , but Michael Todd Wolfe 's final destination was Syria , where he planned to join violent jihad in the ranks of ISIS , prosecutors said . On Friday , Wolfe , also known as "  Faruq , " pleaded guilty to "  attempting to provide material support and resources to a foreign terrorist organization , " said U.S. attorney Robert Pitman . The 23-year-old from Austin faces up to 15 years behind bars for his plans to join the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , a terror organization so violent it has been shunned by al Qaeda . Wolfe acquired a passport so he could travel abroad . He had trained for the battle with the help of military and physical fitness exercises and was looking for a contact to help him slip into Syria , the prosecutor 's office said . That contact turned out to be an FBI official . On February 2 , an undercover agent met with Wolfe and his wife and they watched a YouTube video about foreign fighters in Syria , officials said . Wolfe allegedly discussed ISIS ' activities . "  While watching the video , Wolfe occasionally stopped the video to explain the current allegiances of the various groups fighting in Syria . They include ISIS , al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra , the Free Syria Army , and Dawla , " a complaint said . A second suspect A second Texas man , Rahatul Ashikim Khan , 23 , of Round Rock , was arrested earlier this month in a separate case at his home and charged with "  conspiring to provide material support to terrorists . " A complaint said Khan "  conspired with others to recruit persons to travel overseas to support terrorist activities including committing violent jihad " during a period from early 2011 to January 2012 . "  This case is the culmination of a long-term investigation by the FBI and the Joint Terrorism Task Force made up of local , state and federal law enforcement agencies in Central Texas . It 's a textbook example of how well law enforcement agencies in this area work together , " Pitman said in a statement . His office covers the western district of the state , including Austin and San Antonio . The men are in federal custody and a detention hearing is set for Friday before a U.S. magistrate in Austin . They face up to 15 years in federal prison and a maximum $ 250,000 fine if convicted . Eight suspected Islamic militants arrested in Spain Malaysian police round up suspected terrorists	Michael Todd Wolfe , a.k.a. "  Faruq , " pleads guilty to attempted material support to terrorists He was planned to "  engage in violent jihad in Syria , " a federal prosecutor says Wolfe , who is from Austin , was arrested on June 17 at a Houston airport A second Austin-area man is being held on separate terror support charges
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Cholera is caused by becoming infected with a bacterium called vibrio cholera . It 's a disease that affects the bowels and in its most severe form is characterized by acute watery diarrhoea that can lead to immediate death through severe dehydration and kidney failure . A man from Zimbabwe wheels his sick relative to a cholera clinic . Almost 12,000 people have contracted cholera since August in Zimbabwe , and the outbreak threatens to kill even greater numbers as the water situation becomes more desperate . Unicef says it plans on providing a month 's supply of water treatment chemicals for the capital Harare where water supply has been cut off because the government of Robert Mugabe is unable to buy chemicals needed to clean tap water . With the world 's eyes on Zimbabwe where it is estimated that more than 500 people have already died , many myths and misconceptions abound about cholera . CNN compiles some crucial cholera facts : -- Unlike other diarrhoeal diseases , cholera can kill a healthy adult within hours . -- Cholera 's short incubation period of two hours to five days enhances the potential for increased outbreaks -- Seventy-five percent of people infected with cholera do not exhibit any symptoms . -- A total of 236 896 cases were reported in 2006 , an overall increase of 79 % compared with the number of cases reported in 2005 -- People who have HIV or are malnourished have a greater risk of dying from cholera than others . -- The disease is mostly spread through contaminated water and food supplies . -- The belief that cholera epidemics are caused by dead bodies after a disaster is false . -- Cholera remains a problem in almost every developing country -- If untreated , as many as one in two people may die . -- The true burden of the disease is grossly underestimated as not all cases are reported . Source : World Health Organization	Cholera is a disease that affects the bowels and untreated Malnourished and HIV-infected people are at a high risk for death if infected Cholera is transmitted through contaminated water and food supplies
London , England  CNN  -- The British government has apologized and offered compensation to hundreds of people who suffered the effects of thalidomide , a drug once prescribed to pregnant women that later was linked to major birth defects . Thalidomide sufferers and campaigners hailed the move and said it was long overdue . British doctors prescribed thalidomide for expectant mothers from 1958 to 1962 to control the symptoms of morning sickness . The drug , developed by a German firm , was used internationally as a sedative and hailed because overdose simply caused prolonged sleep , not death . Thalidomide also was combined with other drugs to create medications for asthma , hypertension , and migraine , according to the Thalidomide Trust , which supports victims . Doctors and scientists began to notice gross limb malformations in infants starting in 1960 , and scientists linked it to thalidomide the next year . By then , it had affected babies from Kenya to Peru to Japan , though most of the cases were in Germany , where the drug had been available over the counter . There are currently 466 people in the United Kingdom whose mothers took the drug when they were in the womb . Most of them have two or four limbs missing , and some also ca n't see or hear , according to the trust . One of them is Louise Medus-Mansell , who was born in 1962 with no arms or legs . "  It is a bonus , something that we did n't think would ever happen , " she told CNN about the government 's apology . "  There 's a lot of people today that have been waiting for this apology from the government that have had partners die . " Medus-Mansell , who recently had a kidney transplant , published an autobiography this year titled "  No Hand to Hold and No Legs to Dance On . " Health Minister Mike O'Brien said the British government is creating a # 20 million  $ 32.5 million  fund over three years to meet the health needs of Thalidomide victims , who are between 45 and 51 years old . The money will be distributed by the Thalidomide Trust , he said , and will help reduce further degeneration of their health as the victims grow older . "  The government wishes to express its sincere regret and deep sympathy for the injury and suffering endured by all those affected when expectant mothers took the drug thalidomide between 1958 and 1961 , " O'Brien said in the House of Commons . "  We acknowledge both the physical hardship and the emotional difficulties that have faced both the children affected and their families as a result of this drug , and the challenges that many continue to endure , often on a daily basis . " The problems caused by the drug led the British government to review the marketing , testing , and regulation of drugs , O'Brien said . That included the enactment of the Medicines Act 1968 , which introduced more testing for medicines prior to licensing to make sure they meet safety standards . The Thalidomide Society , which was created in 1962 by the parents of thalidomide victims , said it welcomed the government 's apology . "  I think it obviously makes a great deal of difference  to the children  , but I think also for the parents who had dreadful , dreadful trouble in the very early years to convince people that something had happened and it was n't their fault , " said society secretary Vivien Kerr . "  For them , I think , it 's something to be very grateful for and it 's welcome . " CNN 's Phil Black and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	There are currently 466 people in the UK whose expectant mothers took the drug Drug , prescribed from 1958 to 1962 for morning sickness , linked to birth defects Also affected babies from Kenya to Peru to Japan , most of the cases in Germany Health minister : UK government creating a $ 32.5 M fund to meet health needs
CNN  -- For all the complexity of our national complexion , Americans still too often think that white makes right . Consider a new study of census returns reported on by the Pew Research Center . It showed , apparently , that significant numbers of Hispanics are now identifying as white . The research was presented at the recent Population Association of America meeting . Some news reports suggested that Hispanics , rather than solidifying a distinct ethnic identity and becoming the driving force of a "  majority-minority " future , might instead try to be just the latest group of immigrants , such as Italians or Jews , to "  become white . " Such a shift , if it 's real , has potentially big implications . Think about national politics , where the Republican Party plays to a shrinking , aging and increasingly anxious base of white voters . If large numbers of Hispanics were to start thinking of themselves as white , that could alter the calculations and rhetoric of the GOP . But it turns out such scenarios are at best premature . What the new research really appears to reveal is just how confused we continue to be about race -- and how , even amidst this confusion , whiteness remains a dangerously malleable idea that Americans must deal with more candidly . Let 's start with the three points of confusion that Pew 's report on the new research revealed . First , and most basic , is a statement that has been repeated yet ignored so often that it 's like the fine print in an ad : "  Hispanics can be of any race . " That means there are black , white , even Asian Hispanics . The label "  Hispanic " -- meaning , "  with origins or heritage in Spanish-speaking countries " -- was intended by the census to be a category of linguistic and ethnic heritage , not an official "  race " of its own . Yet in recent decades , Hispanics or Latinos have indeed begun to forge a cross-cutting identity that can feel like a racial category  shorthanded as "  brown "  and is sometimes set beside the other major blocs of America 's racial color grid . So Hispanics can be at once a race and not a race . It 's no wonder that media coverage of Hispanics can be muddled . The second point of confusion is that the new research did not in fact find a Hispanic flight to whiteness . What it found was that growing numbers of Hispanics , when told by government forms that they were not a race unto themselves and that they had to choose a race , chose the category called "  white . " As the study authors noted , this reflected the convolutions and limits of the census forms  which are to change in 2020  at least as much any underlying yearning among Hispanics to be white . But this brings us to the third point of confusion , which is that to the extent that some Hispanics did in fact want to be seen as white rather than Hispanic , they were using the clumsy language of color to express the subtle reality of class . An earlier Pew report indicated that the longer their families had been in America , the more likely Hispanics were to check the "  white " box . This suggests that the way Americans say "  upward mobility for immigrants " or "  mainstream integration " is still too often "  becoming white . " Indeed , sometimes our national discourse on race proceeds as if it were all about groups of color vying to be acknowledged , while white people sit back and watch . The invention of panethnic categories such as "  Latino " or "  Asian American , " categories that take on a racial life of their own , is in part a reaction to the white-norming of politics and pop culture . But it 's also a time-tested , all-American tradition . For proof , look no further than the invention of the white race itself . The great waves of immigration in the 19th and 20th centuries -- to say nothing of the baroque rules of racial categorization in the slaveholding South -- showed that Americans have always been deviously flexible about deciding who gets to be white . At first the Irish were n't , then they were . Same with the Italians and Jews . In more recent times , Asian Americans who 've achieved in visible ways have been granted "  honorary white " status  wanted or not  , while some people of color seeking middle-class success have been accused by their co-ethnics of "  acting white "  whether they thought of it that way or not  . The great risk , underscored by the reactions to the new research , is that we go on unthinkingly treating whiteness as the ideal and social baseline of American life . That 's harmful because it subordinates people whose backgrounds are n't "  white " and because it stunts the capacity of all people -- not least poor and working-class whites -- to name and reckon with class divides and inequality . I propose a better way of talking about what third - or fourth-generation Hispanics , or ambitious new arrivals in Chinatown , or resilient African American first-in-the-family college students are all doing . They 're not becoming white . They 're becoming American . And to become American is now a more colorful , complex and class-bound undertaking than it has ever been . Let 's learn to see it that way . Correction : An earlier version of this article misidentified the source of the new research reported on by Pew . It was presented at the Annual Population Association of America meeting . Share your stories of your modern family	Eric Liu : Pew study of census data shows many Hispanics now identifying as white Liu : It could have implications in national politics , but mainly tells us about our views on race He says longer Hispanics had been in U.S. , more likely they were to check "  white " Liu : Danger in treating whiteness as ideal social baseline ; America is and should be colorful
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The IRS has issued a tax lien against singer Lionel Richie for unpaid taxes , the performer said through his publicist Friday . "  I was recently made aware of the situation by my new team , and it 's being handled immediately , " said Richie , 62 . The confirmation came on the same day that CBS was scheduled to later air "  ACM Presents : Lionel Richie and Friends in Concert " after the Academy of Country Music Awards telecast . The concert is to include solo performances and duets with Richie , and is to feature a number of Richie hits from his country duets album "  Tuskegee , " which debuted last month . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	The lien is for unpaid taxes "  It 's being handled immediately , " Richie says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Department of Veterans Affairs medical facilities do not consistently offer the level of services and infrastructure necessary to properly treat the growing number of female veterans , a government investigation concludes . One official says the VA can offer women better medical care than they would get in private practice . The report by the Government Accountability Office found wide variation in the medical centers ' facilities and programs for female veterans . Investigators visited 18 veterans ' facilities and found that basic services , like pelvic examinations , were being provided and that patients had access to female providers for gender-specific care . But the facilities were lacking in some simpler accommodations , such as the configuration of exam rooms and privacy in check-in areas . The department says it is taking comprehensive steps to improve , including programs for primary care and mental health care for female veterans , along with having a female veterans ' program manager in each of its medical facilities . But Veterans Affairs faces hurdles in its efforts to improve its services and facilities , the department 's chief consultant for women 's medical care testified before Congress on Tuesday . "  Moving to a more comprehensive primary care delivery model could challenge VA clinicians , who may have dealt predominantly with male veterans and sometimes have little or no exposure to female patients , " said Patricia Hayes of the department 's Women 's Veterans Health Strategic Healthcare Group . Only one-third of veterans ' facilities offer a separate space for women to receive gynecological , mental health and social work services , according to Hayes . There is a goal to have a gynecologist available at every facility by 2012 , she said . And Dennis Cullinan , national legislative director for the Veterans of Foreign Wars , noted that Veterans Affairs has contracted out to provide female veterans care in the facilities where there are not in-house providers . He said the department is fighting an aging infrastructure that is making it tougher to improve facilities . "  The facilities to provide the level of care and privacy just are n't there , " he said . "  The VA is pursuing this . They are absolutely not dodging it . " There are more than 1.8 million female veterans in the United States , 8 percent of the veteran population . In 2008 , more than 281,000 female veterans received care from Veterans Affairs , according to the department 's statistics . The number of female veterans enrolled for medical care with the department is expected to increase by 30 percent in the next five years , it predicts . The median age of female veterans is much lower than their male counterparts : 47 , compared with 61 , according to Veterans Affairs data . Hayes said the department can offer female veterans better care than they would receive in private practices . "  Women are screened for unique health concerns like cervical cancer or breast cancer at higher rates than non-VA health care programs , " she noted . While noting that the department has taken steps to upgrade its services and facilities to meet the needs of female veterans , investigators found that it stumbled on some more basic elements . None of the facilities visited was fully compliant with the department 's standards for privacy , investigators found , including privacy in the check-in area . "  In most clinical settings , check-in desk or windows were located in a mixed-gender waiting room or on a high-traffic public corridor , " the report explained . In a majority of the clinics , "  check-in desk were located in close proximity to chairs where other patients waited for their appointment . " In one facility , it said , investigators observed other patients lining up immediately behind the patient trying to check in . The government investigators also found that exam tables were not oriented away from the door or shielded properly by curtains , as is required , and there was a lack of toilets near the facilities where gynecological examinations were conducted . And only two of the facilities provided sanitary napkin dispensers in at least one public restroom for women .	GAO report finds centers lacking in simple accommodations Veterans ' agency says it is working hard for improvement Aging infrastructure expected to complicate efforts Number of women enrolled for care expected to rise 30 percent over five years
CNN  -- Legendary rock saxophonist Clarence Clemons died Saturday of complications from a stroke , bandmate Bruce Springsteen said . He was 69 . Clemons had played sax in Springsteen 's E Street Band off and on since 1972 . "  Clarence lived a wonderful life . He carried within him a love of people that made them love him . He created a wondrous and extended family . He loved the saxophone , loved our fans and gave everything he had every night he stepped on stage , " Springsteen said in a statement . "  His loss is immeasurable and we are honored and thankful to have known him and had the opportunity to stand beside him for nearly 40 years . He was my great friend , my partner and with Clarence at my side , my band and I were able to tell a story far deeper than those simply contained in our music . His life , his memory , and his love will live on in that story and in our band . " Clemons played on such classic hits as "  Born to Run " and "  Thunder Road " and is widely credited with helping to shape Springsteen 's sound . He passed away at a hospital in Palm Beach , Florida , where he had stayed ever since suffering a stroke last Sunday , said a spokesperson for Springsteen and the E Street Band . He was surrounded by members of his family , including his wife , Victoria , according to the spokesperson . Standing at more than 6 feet tall , Clemons was affectionately known as the "  Big Man " to fans . He published his autobiography "  Big Man : Real Life & Tall Tales " in 2009 and suffered some health problems in recent years . In addition to his career as a musician , Clemons also worked as an actor , appearing in the TV shows "  The Wire " and "  The Simpsons " as well as the films "  Bill & Ted 's Excellent Adventure " and "  New York , New York . " Tributes to the musician began to pour in on Springsteen 's Facebook page Saturday night . "  RIP CC , you were the heart and soul of the E Street Band . Thank you for all the music , you got me through some dark days . Blessings on your journey , " one post read . "  I just ca n't imagine that space on stage not being occupied by the big man . We are all better people having been moved by your huge music . Now go play with Louis , Miles and the rest and have a blast , " read another . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Clemons played on such classic hits as "  Born to Run " and "  Thunder Road " Bruce Springsteen says the loss of Clemons is immeasurable Online tributes to the musician pour in Clemons suffered a stroke earlier this week and never recovered
CNN  -- Children were among the victims Monday when a car bomb blew up near a hospital in the Libyan city of Benghazi , a security official told state TV . "  Children with shredded bodies and wounds to the head , " Benghazi Security Directorate spokesman Tareq Khraz told state TV Libya Al Ahrar . "  I can not even describe the scene to you , but believe me , it was horrific . " The car bomb detonated near Al Jalaa hospital but not immediately in front of the building . Officials do n't know at this point who or what was targeted . The blast destroyed eight cars and caused damage to nearby buildings , Khraz said . Khraz said that at least 13 people were killed and more than 40 wounded . The hospital director , speaking on Ahrar TV , had a lower toll : three dead and 15 wounded . Later Monday , state news agency LANA quoted Abdullah al-Fitouri , a health ministry official in eastern Libya , as saying that four people were killed , but three have not been identified because of the "  gruesomeness of the incident . " The fourth body was identified , LANA reported , as a 13-year-old boy . Libya 's parliament condemned the bombings and suspended its Tuesday session to allow members to head to Benghazi to take part in the funerals . Prime Minister Ali Zeidan , standing alongside General National Congress President Mohammed al-Magariaf and other members , said that Monday 's explosion comes after a string of similar acts but that security forces have not been able to take strict measures against such attacks . According to a CNN journalist there , the bombing seems to have shaken Libyans fiercely because of its civilian victims . Over the past 18 months , Benghazi , the birthplace of Libya 's revolution that toppled longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi , has been the scene of attacks that mainly targeted security forces , Western diplomats and international organizations . Gunmen attacked the U.S. diplomatic mission in the city on September 11 , killing the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans . The Obama administration 's handling of that incident has come under much criticism and scrutiny . Doomed Libya ambassador : ` We 're under attack ' Most of the attacks in Benghazi have been blamed on extremist Islamist groups that have established a foothold in eastern Libya , according to Western intelligence officials who have spoken to CNN . More than two years after the start of the revolution , the country is awash in weapons and hundreds of militias . Libyans frustrated with the security situation have called on the government to bolster security forces . The government , in power since November , has been taking steps to curb militia groups and build a police and army force . Libyan officials , particularly Zeidan , have said that securing and stabilizing the country remains a top challenge and a priority . But the process of doing that will take time and began only a few months ago , Zeidan said . During the past two weeks , bombs have targeted a number of police stations in Benghazi . There were no casualties in these primarily overnight attacks . Those attacks followed a few weeks of relative calm in a city that has been plagued by a fragile peace since the fall of Gadhafi , according to residents . Benghazi residents said they felt that security had been improving before the most recent uptick in violence . In light of the car bombing Monday , the Libyan military ordered army and pro-military militias to help Interior Ministry forces preserve security , the military command told state news . And the U.N. Assistance Mission in Libya condemned the violence . It issued this statement : "  The Mission also underscores the need to support the legitimate authority of the State and enable it to shoulder its responsibilities in ensuring the safety and security of all citizens across Libya . "	NEW : Apparent targeting of civilians shakes Libyans NEW : State news quotes official as saying 13-year-old boy killed The blast took place near a hospital in eastern Libya Officials do n't know who or what was targeted
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Following the breakdown of direct talks with Israel , Palestinians have begun seeking international recognition of an independent state from European nations . Officials from the Palestinian Authority told CNN Thursday that the governments of France , Britain , Sweden , and Denmark had formally been asked to recognize a Palestinian state based on borders that existed prior to the 1967 war between Israel and it Arab neighbors . Senior Palestinian negotiator Nabil Sha'ath told CNN that the requests were part of an ongoing strategy to achieve statehood outside the framework of talks with Israel . "  These were the last ones , but I have been asking all European countries to do the same , " Sha'ath said . He said that while most countries in Africa and Asia had already recognized Palestine as an independent state many countries , including the United States and a number of European nations , did not . "  We still have pockets which have not done so -- we are pursuing each of them " Sha'ath said . Earlier this week the European Union ruled out recognizing an independent Palestinian state for now , fearing a unilateral declaration might adversely impact efforts to get the Middle East peace process back on track . "  The EU commends the work of the Palestinian Authority in building the institutions of the future State of Palestine and reiterates its full support for their endeavours " read a statement released Monday in Brussels by the 27 EU foreign ministers . " ... the Council reiterates its readiness , when appropriate , to recognize a Palestinian state . " The statement was released the day after the top Palestinian negotiator , Saeb Erakat , sent a letter to EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton , urging the body to back Palestinian Authority attempts to gain international recognition of a sovereign state . Brazil , Argentina and Uruguay have all moved to recognize an independent Palestinian state in recent weeks , and Palestinian Authority officials are hoping to convince more countries to follow suit . Both the Isareli and the American governments have opposed such moves insisting that the only way forward is though continued negotiations . "  There is no substitute for negotiations with Israel , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN . "  The fundamental cause of the of breakdown in talks was because of the consistent refusal of Palestinians to engage with Israel . " American sponsored talks between the two sides fell apart in September when Israel resumed settlement construction the in the occupied West Bank after a ten-month freeze . Saeb Erakat told CNN that is the reason Palestinians would not return to the negotiating table . "  The Israeli government had the choice between settlements and peace and they chose settlements . And they alone are responsible for the derailment of the peace process , " he said . Earlier this month the Obama administration announced it would be abandoning efforts to persuade Israel to renew the settlement freeze as a precondition for jump-starting Israeli-Palestinian peace talks . Instead the United States is now focusing its efforts on separate talks with each side in hopes of developing a framework agreement on core issues of the conflict that could lead to the resumption of peace talks .	Palestinian Authority seeks recognition from European countries EU ministers have refused to recognize state in fear of stalling talks Palestinian state would be based on borders prior to the 1967 Arab-Israeli war
CNN  -- Colleges and universities of all types , from for-profits to two-year colleges and Ivy League schools , have been the focus of much debate recently as many students are struggling to meet the ever-growing costs of tuition and student loan debts . But one angle has been subject to less scrutiny : What are colleges and universities providing for the most talented and accomplished students ? If something we call higher education is n't the best choice for our highest achieving students , then what is its purpose ? In this regard , Peter Thiel , the billionaire co-founder of PayPal and one of the most vocal critics of higher education , believes that college classrooms are doing little to equip our future CEOs , innovators and industry leaders . Thiel has a point . Some of the brightest students might be better off not going to college at all , being forced to take classes in which they have no interest and leaving with burdensome student loan debt . Last year , Thiel took things into his own hands and started the "  20 Under 20 Thiel Fellowship , " a program that brings together the most enterprising students younger than 20 and offers them a $ 100,000 grant to skip college and explore their own research and entrepreneurial ideas . Under the tutelage of investors , scientists and like-minded industry tycoons , students are able to develop connections , court investors and promote their businesses on a level that Thiel says colleges can not provide . In May 2011 , Thiel announced the first 24 Thiel Fellows  the applicants were so extraordinary Thiel had to add four more spots  . So far , the results have been impressive . Eden Full , 19 , who founded Roseicollis Technologies to improve solar energy technology in developing countries , recently won the Staples-Ashoka Youth Social Entrepreneurship award and $ 260,000 to continue her efforts . Andrew Hsu , 20 , started a company called Airy Labs to develop mobile and tablet social learning games for children . Airy Labs reportedly launched with $ 1.5 million in venture capital funding . Dale Stephens , 20 , founded UnCollege , a social movement based on the idea that college is n't the only path to success . Preigee/Penguin Press recently signed Stephens to publish his first book , "  Hacking Your Education , " a how-to book on developing skills that schools do n't teach . Dale Stephens : College is a waste of time According to James O'Neill , head of the Thiel Foundation , more than 10 of the Fellows have started their own companies , and one of them released his own product on the market . The inaugural class has been so successful that Thiel has already accepted applications for 2012 Fellows , and the winners will be announced next month . Higher education has taken notice , and Thiel 's experiment has n't gone without criticism . Shamus Khan , a sociologist at Columbia University , dubbed Thiel 's program "  an act of total self-indulgence . " Critics argue that Thiel 's cherry-picked prodigies would thrive no matter what they spent the next fours years doing . For example , Andrew Hsu , mentioned above , dropped out of Stanford University at 19 as a fourth-year neuroscience doctorate candidate . Others say that Thiel 's program serves only the interest of the smallest group of the most intellectually advanced students and would in no way aid the overwhelming majority of college-bound students . My view : How to create innovators And yet , Thiel has already rattled the ivory towers . Facing the prospect of losing their best students to Thiel and other programs like his , universities have scrambled to add their own entrepreneurial programs . Stanford University created StartX , an accelerator for student entrepreneurs . Arizona State University 's Venture Catalyst just announced the launch of Furnace , a new startup accelerator to provide funding , facilities and access to top mentors for new student startups . Other venture capitalists have noticed similar shortcomings in higher education and are competing to fill the void . Former Silicon Valley CEO Ben Nelson recently secured $ 25 million in funding to create an elite global online university targeting the best students around the world . His endeavor has already attracted the likes of Larry Summers , the former president of Harvard University , to his advisory board . It 's still too early to tell how Thiel 's experiment will turn out . Startups , after all , are always prone to failure . However , he is right about one thing -- higher education deserves more scrutiny and competition . If students like Hsu are so quick to leave the university setting for Thiel 's program , then is it truly the best place for the brightest students to be ? With bloated tuition costs and questionable academic standards , it 's time we challenge the conventional wisdom that college is the only path to advanced education and economic success . Thiel starts at the very top of the higher education system , but the reverberations may be felt throughout . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : What does an expensive higher education offer gifted students ? Bennett : Peter Thiel started "  20 Under 20 Thiel Fellowship " to help the brightest students Some critics think Thiel 's program is self-indulgent , Bennett points out Bennett : However , it forces colleges to rethink their bloated costs and academic standards
CNN  -- Troops in white gloves and camouflage carried a pair of flag-draped caskets off an Air Force transport in Delaware Monday as the bodies of two senior U.S. military officers killed inside Afghanistan 's interior ministry arrived home . Air Force Lt. Col. John Loftis and Army Maj. Robert Marchanti II were gunned down Friday when an Afghan intelligence officer turned his gun on them inside the ministry , an Afghan counter-terrorism official told CNN . Loftis was a career Air Force officer , while Marchanti was a veteran of Maryland 's National Guard . The jet carrying their remains landed Monday afternoon at Dover Air Force Base . Marchanti taught physical education in Baltimore County schools for 17 years before resigning to become a full-time , active-duty guardsman . His last assignment was at Carney Elementary , in Baltimore 's northeastern suburbs , where kindergarten teacher Beth Avil described him as a "  gentle giant . " "  He was this big , burly guy , and here he was making these connections with these little tiny kindergarteners , " she said . "  You might think they 'd be intimidated , but they had this instant bond . " Marchanti "  loved to work with struggling learners , " tutoring them on reading skills in the school 's computer lab , Avil said . "  We had a little celebration for him before he left , " she said . "  We had all the kindergarteners in one of the classrooms and made a book for him of him working with all the children in the computer labs , and we had them all saluting . And he just about lost it -- he had tears in his eyes . " When he left , Avil said , Marchanti told them not to worry -- he was going to a desk job . He worked as a construction planning officer in Baltimore , overseeing renovations of National Guard facilities , said Lt. Col. Charles Kohler , a National Guard spokesman . Marchanti was deployed to Afghanistan in September with a unit attached to the Army 's 29th Infantry Division , serving as a "  mentor and adviser " to Afghan national police officers , Kohler said . Both men were fathers -- the 48-year-old Marchanti had four children and a grandchild , while Loftis had two daughters , the Air Force said . Loftis , meanwhile , was part of an Air Force special operations unit and had already served one tour in Afghanistan . He was killed just days after his 44th birthday , his mother , Chris Janne , told CNN affilliate WPSD in Paducah , Kentucky . "  He lived more in 44 years than most of us will live in 80 , " Janne said . Loftis began his Air Force career as a missile officer . But he changed specialties in 2007 , receiving training in Pashto -- one of Afghanistan 's two major languages -- and went to Afghanistan as a public affairs officer with a NATO provincial reconstruction team , the service said . In 2009 , then-Maj . Loftis was featured in a story by the Air Force News Service , which noted that he had been given the Pashto name "  Esan " -- meaning "  The Quality of Being Generous . " He had been based at Hurlburt Field , near Fort Walton , Florida , before his last deployment . "  He was very much committed to what he was doing in Afghanistan , " his mother said . "  He felt that the way to help the people there was to become their friends , and he trusted them . " Loftis and Marchanti were killed in a spasm of violence that followed the burning of copies of the Quran , the Islamic holy book , in what U.S. President Barack Obama has called an accident . The Afghan official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to release the information , said investigators believe their deaths were "  100 % linked to the Quran burning " because their killer had spent two months in a Pakistani religious school . The slayings resulted in orders from the NATO command in Afghanistan to pull allied advisers from government agencies in Kabul , raising questions about U.S. plans to rely on small teams of advisers as it draws down its force after a decade at war .	Lt. Col. John Loftis and Maj. Robert Marchanti II were killed Friday They were killed in the spasm of violence that has wracked Afghanistan for a week Marchanti was a "  gentle giant " who taught in Maryland schools , a colleague said Loftis had just marked his 44th birthday , his mother said
CNN  -- Ohio authorities on Saturday advanced their investigation into killings tied to a Craigslist job listing when they identified the last of three bodies found last month , a sheriff said . The body of Ralph H. Geiger , 56 , of Akron , Ohio , was identified by the Licking County coroner 's office , said Sheriff Stephen S. Hannum of Noble County . His corpse had been discovered by investigators November 25 in a shallow grave in eastern Ohio . He and two other men found dead -- also in different shallow graves -- are believed to have been killed after answering a Craigslist ad to work on a cattle farm in eastern Ohio , authorities said . Brogan Rafferty , 16 , of Stow , Ohio , who is a high school sophomore , is facing charges of aggravated murder and attempted murder in the killings , and prosecutors are seeking to try him as an adult , according to CNN affiliates WKYC and WJW . In court documents filed by prosecutors , Richard Beasley , 52 , of Akron , Ohio , is also alleged to have been involved in the killings . But he has n't been charged yet specifically in relation to the case . Beasley did plead not guilty this week to promoting prostitution charges -- an unrelated case -- and he was being held in lieu of $ 1 million bail , WKYC reported . Rafferty 's father , Michael , told WJW a week ago that his 16-year-old son had been "  manipulated " and "  corrupted , " insisting that his son is a "  mild-mannered gentleman . " The father also said that his son unwittingly dug the graves at Beasley 's direction , WJW reported . The boy 's mother said her son denied killing anyone and added that Beasley portrayed himself as "  a chaplain " who gave food to the homeless . Last week , another victim was identified as Timothy Kern , 47 , of Massillon , Ohio , who died from gunshot wounds to the head and whose body was found in a shallow grave behind an Akron mall , authorities said . The other murder victim has been identified as David Pauley , Noble County Sheriff 's office dispatcher Kevin Macri told CNN on Saturday . The South Carolina man 's body was also found last month in a shallow grave with a gunshot wound to the head , according to WKYC . The investigation into the killings began the night of November 6 , when a Noble County deputy sheriff responded to a call and came upon a "  white , middle-aged man being treated for a gunshot wound to the right arm , " according to Hannum . The wounded man , who is from South Carolina and was not identified by police , told the sheriff he had answered an ad on the Craigslist website offering work caring for cattle on a 688-acre property . He met with the two suspects and drove with them toward Stock Township . After being told a road was closed due to a landslide , the South Carolina man got out of the car to start walking toward the property , which he was told was nearby . He told the sheriff that , while walking through a heavily wooded area , he then turned around "  to see a gun pointed at his head . He deflected the gun and ran " -- getting shot in the arm while fleeing , the sheriff explained last month . The victim hid for seven hours in the forest before going to a house and requesting help , Hannum said last week . Zach Kern , 19 , told CNN last week that he last saw his father , Timothy , on November 12 after he had gone with another son for the job interview . "  He was all stoked about it , " Zach Kern said of his father 's feelings about the opportunity to work on the cattle farm . "  My brother ... thought the whole situation was sketchy . " Zach Kern said his father , divorced and with three children , worked "  odd jobs " including recently as a street cleaner in Canton . He said that his father saw his children daily , adding that the whole family is struggling to come to grips with his death . "  We 're just trying to get through this , " Zach Kern said . In his last Facebook posting , dated November 10 , Timothy Kern wrote : "  Just got one of the strangest job offers . A good offer but strange . The job is to watch over 680 acres south of cambridge . Odd jobs and such but mainly just secure it . Trailer , utilities , salary . Drawbacks ? No cell phone service , kids are up here , and i have to move this Sunday . " CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	The body of a 56-year-old man from Akron , Ohio , is identified , a sheriff says A total of three men were found dead in separate shallow graves All three are believed to have responded to a Craigslist ad for work on a farm A teenager and a 52-year-old man are suspects , authorities say
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- They prefer the darkness and calm of early morning when their targets are most vulnerable , still sleeping or under the influence . They make sure their prey -- suspected killers and other violent fugitives -- know what they 're up against . U.S. Marshal supervisory inspector James Ergas takes aim during a computer-simulated attack . "  When they wake up to a submachine gun and flashlight in their face , they tend not to fight , " says James Ergas , the supervisory inspector for the U.S. Marshals Southeast Regional Fugitive Task Force . The U.S. Marshals Service is the nation 's oldest law enforcement agency and best known for protecting federal judges , transporting federal prisoners and protecting witnesses . Less known is the cutting-edge work of the agency 's six regional task forces in capturing suspects . The task force in Atlanta is located in a nondescript warehouse office park . In 2007 , the investigators from the Southeast task force arrested more than 3,000 suspects ; only once did the Marshals exchange gunfire , Ergas says . Watch Ergas blast bad guys in simulated attack " "  This is the crème de la crème of the Marshal Service , " says Eugene O'Donnell , a former prosecutor and New York City police officer who now teaches at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York . On any given day , Ergas and his force are tracking 10 to 15 suspected killers roaming the Southeast , while also searching for other violent offenders . Already this year , they have been involved in a number of high-profile searches : Gary Michael Hilton , the suspect charged in the killing of Meredith Emerson who disappeared while hiking in northern Georgia ; a fugitive Marine wanted in connection with the killing of Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach in North Carolina ; and suspects wanted in connection with the killings of two suburban Atlanta police officers . But most of the time they 're chasing suspects outside of the glare of the media spotlight . "  Our mandate is to track violent fugitives -- murderers , armed robbers , rapists and fugitives of that caliber , " says Keith Booker , the commander of the task force . Watch Booker describe their mission " One suspect currently being hunted is Charles Leon Parker who has been on the run since the 1980s after being accused of molesting his stepdaughters . The Marshals were brought in recently , Booker says , after Parker allegedly called one of his victims and said , "  I wanted you to know I saw you and your daughter , and she sure is beautiful . " O'Donnell says it takes highly trained , high energy , "  really special people " to do such work day in and day out , especially when they 're up against "  some of the most dangerous individuals in the country . " "  It 's not an exaggeration to say they 're the front of the front line , " O'Donnell says . "  It 's not going to get any more challenging than this in law enforcement . " To make sure they are well prepared , the Atlanta office is equipped with a locker full of high-powered weaponry ; a high-tech operations center , complete with flat screen TVs , where they communicate directly with investigators in the field ; a two-story house for training ; and a 300-degree computer simulator that puts the Marshals into real life danger scenarios . In one demonstration , Ergas steps into the simulator and responds to reports of shots fired at a workplace . A woman rushes to a victim on the ground , as Ergas barks out commands . Moments later , a man rounds the corner . He too tends to the victim . Suddenly , the gunman runs into the corner and Ergas opens fire with his Glock . The suspect hits the ground . Watch Ergas say there 's no better training than the simulator " A split second later , another gunman emerges , and Ergas blasts him too . Think of it as Wii on steroids . "  These are things you can not get on a range , " Ergas says . There are 50 different scenarios the simulator can create , with a technician able to change each scenario . A trainee can use a shotgun , rifle , Glock 22 or Glock 23 . The guns shoot a laser and each shot is traced . Sometimes , the simulator jams the guns to see how one responds to the situation . After each training session , the person is debriefed about why he or she opened fire or did n't fire at all . Each shot is analyzed , because in the real world a law enforcement officer is held accountable for every bullet that comes out of his or her gun . It helps investigators train for situations they could face on any given day , at any given moment , Ergas says . "  No one wants to shoot anyone , " Ergas says . "  Even officers that may not have pulled the trigger will be affected by shooting and killing someone . " O'Donnell says the fact the task force rarely engages fire with suspects and that they have such rigorous training , "  underscores you can teach tactics . " "  This is a model , " he says . Booker says it helps having a coordinated team of armed officers with shields and big guns , as well . "  We overwhelm them with surprising speed and force , " he says . "  That 's what keeps us safe , and that 's what keeps them safe . " His message for those still out there ? "  We 'll pull all of our collective knowledge and resources and investigative techniques to hunt them down and take them into custody , " Booker says . "  We wo n't stop until our job is finished . " E-mail to a friend	U.S. Marshals Southeast task force tracks 10-15 suspected killers a day Some are high-profile cases , but most are searches that go under media radar Commander : "  Our mandate is to track ... murderers , armed robbers , rapists " Office captured 3,000 suspects last year ; only once were shots fired , chief says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- For most of this week , the 74 people aboard the Russian expedition vessel MV Akademik Shokalskiy have been at a standstill -- trapped in the frozen seas off Antarctica . But the crew , researchers and tourists are taking their icy week in stride . The Russian vessel became locked in sea ice since Christmas Eve . Despite the cutting wind and freezing temperatures , Chris Turney , expedition leader and professor of climate change at University of New South Wales in Australia said morale has been high throughout and they had a "  great Christmas , " though everyone was frustrated about not being able to venture out into the open ocean . "  We had a fantastic Christmas dinner , including secret Santa presents . It was important to keep the morale up , " he said . "  There was ham and turkey , the chefs cooked a great meal for us . It was a welcome respite from the conditions outside , " he added . Others on board also seemed to be having an enjoyable time despite the icy weather conditions . Alok Jha , a science correspondent at the Guardian who was also en route to Antarctica with the Australasian Antarctic Expedition said there was no shortage of the Christmas spirit . That was before a blizzard hit Thursday afternoon , which Turney described as the hardest part . "  We were experiencing a blizzard with winds up to 70 kilometers per hour . Snow was building up on the edge of the vessel and it was quite disconcerting . But , overall , people have been brilliant and as positive as can be , given the circumstances , " he said . Currently , the ship awaits rescue from the Chinese ice breaker called the Snow Dragon , or Xue Long , that is expected to arrive later on Friday according to Turney , who spoke with the captain of the Chinese vessel . "  I just took a call from the Chinese vessel , Snow Dragon . They 've made tremendous progress , and we 're extremely appreciative , " he said . Help is also coming via a French vessel called Astrolabe and an Australian ship , the Aurora Australis . The Australian Maritime Safety Authority who are coordinating a rescue said both ships are on their way to the stranded passengers . After two and a half days of waiting , Turney said the team spirit has kept them going . "  At the moment we 've got very good visibility , winds have dropped , " Turney said . "  We 've got a large team coming to help us , it 's incredible . Morale is good and we just want to reassure family and friends that we 're well , " he added . Meanwhile , Turney and the crew are kept company with cute , unexpected visitors in the Antarctic as they continue with their scientific research . "  It 's great . Where you are in the most remote location in the world , they turn up , having a look to see what 's going and then drift off after a while . They 're wonderful company to have about , " he said . The expedition is retracing the footsteps of scientific explorer Douglas Mawson 's 100-year-old trek to study the Antarctic region . Turney said everyone aboard the expedition vessel is scheduled to return to southern New Zealand by January 4 .	An expedition vessel has been stuck in frozen seas off Antarctica this week Three ice-breaking rescue ships are expected to reach the trapped vessel by Friday night Expedition leader , Chris Turney : High morale of people onboard kept everyone going Turney : "  We 've got a large team coming to help us , it 's incredible "
CNN  -- "  Terrorist funding emanating from Saudi Arabia remains a serious concern . " So states a cable prepared for the visit of U.S. Special Envoy Richard Holbrooke to the kingdom earlier this year . It is one of several that have appeared on the WikiLeaks site to indicate that despite some progress , the flow of cash to extremist groups in Pakistan and Afghanistan from individuals and charities in the Gulf has certainly not been halted . The cable , written by U.S. Ambassador James B Smith , says that the Saudis are "  cooperating more actively than at any previous point to respond to terrorist financing concerns raised by the United States , and to investigate and detain financial facilitators of concern . " It says the Saudi Ministry of Interior had begun to detain individuals involved in funding networks for groups such as Lashkar e-Tayyiba  LeT  , an extremist Pakistani group that carried out the Mumbai attacks in 2008 , the Taliban , and Hamas . But it says donors in Saudi Arabia "  continue to constitute a source of funding to Sunni extremist groups worldwide , especially during the Hajj and Ramadan . " And it adds the kingdom remains "  almost completely dependent on the CIA to provide analytic support and direction for its counterterrorism operations . " The U.S. Treasury has led efforts to block sources of terrorist funding , establishing the "  Illicit Finance Task Force " and sending specialists to Kabul , Afghanistan , and elsewhere to help follow the money . It also established an office in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , in 2008 . Treasury sources said earlier this year that other Gulf states had been less co-operative than the Saudis ; and other cables obtained by WikiLeaks describe hundreds of millions of dollars in cash being flown from Kabul to various destinations in the region . The Saudi authorities have made some high-profile arrests in the last two years . Ambassador Smith 's cable says the Ministry of the Interior timed its announcement in August 2009 regarding the arrest of 44 terrorist supporters "  to deter potential donors from giving money to suspected terrorist groups during Ramadan . " However , one leaked cable sent by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in December 2009 noted that "  it has been an ongoing challenge to persuade Saudi officials to treat terrorist financing emanating from Saudi Arabia as a strategic priority . " It adds : "  Donors in Saudi Arabia constitute the most significant source of funding to Sunni terrorist groups worldwide " -- running into millions of dollars . "  Riyadh has taken only limited action to disrupt fundraising for the UN 1267-listed Taliban and LeT-groups that are also aligned with al-Qaeda , " the cable from Clinton says . It also expresses concern that the Taliban might use the cover of reconciliation talks to raise funds . U.N. Security Council resolution 1267 lists groups and individuals accused of involvement with al Qaeda , the Taliban and other extremist groups . It is not only Saudi sources of cash for terrorists that have caused concern . The cable sent by Secretary Clinton notes that while Kuwait has clamped down on domestic terror suspects it "  has been less inclined to take action against Kuwait-based financiers and facilitators plotting attacks outside of Kuwait . " In particular , the cable says that while the United States had designated the Kuwait-based Revival of Islamic Heritage Society for providing support to al Qaeda and associated groups , the government of Kuwait "  has not taken significant action to address or shut down RIHS headquarters or its branches . " Tareq al Essa , the society 's chairman , has denied allegations that RIHS has links with terrorist groups . The leaked cables also express concern that weak regulatory oversight in the United Arab Emirates  a growing financial hub  "  makes it vulnerable to abuse by terrorist financiers and facilitation networks . " As for Qatar , the cable from Clinton says it has "  adopted a largely passive approach to cooperating with the U.S. against terrorist financing . Qatar 's overall level of CT -LSB- counter-terrorism -RSB- cooperation with the U.S. is considered the worst in the region . " The cable asserts that although Qatar 's security services have the capability to deal with direct threats and occasionally have put that capability to use , "  they have been hesitant to act against known terrorists out of concern for appearing to be aligned with the U.S. and provoking reprisals . " A long section on terrorist financing in Pakistan repeats the frequent charge that "  some officials from the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate  ISI  continue to maintain ties with a wide array of extremist organizations , in particular the Taliban , LeT and other extremist organizations . " It says a "  network of social service institutions readily provides extremist organizations with recruits , funding and infrastructure for planning new attacks . " Among the groups identified are "  UN-proscribed NGOs al Rashid Trust and al Akhtar Trust , and all successor organizations that continue to funnel money and provide other forms of support to the Taliban and LeT . "	U.S. cables published by WikiLeaks assess terrorism funding in the Gulf region "  Terrorist funding emanating from Saudi Arabia remains a serious concern " The Saudi government is cooperating with the United States more than ever before But donors in Saudi Arabia "  continue to constitute a source of funding " to Sunni extremists
CNN  -- Paul McCartney is almost "  Out There , " again . The former Beatle is on the road to recovery after falling ill during his "  Out There " tour in Asia , where he was forced to postpone shows in Japan . "  Since contracting a virus last week that led to the postponement of tour dates , Paul received successful medical treatment at a hospital in Tokyo , " according to a statement posted Thursday on his official website . "  He 'll make a complete recovery and has been ordered to take a few days rest . " Cancellations are rare for McCartney , who has proven an iron man while maintaining a global tour schedule over the past several years . He 'll turn 72 in June . McCartney plans to reschedule the shows at Tokyo 's National Stadium , which were originally planned for May 18 and 19 . Shows scheduled for May 21 , at Tokyo 's Nippon Budokan , and May 24 , at Osaka 's Yanmar Stadium Nagai , have also been postponed . The musician was touched by the messages of support , according to his site . "  Paul has been extremely moved by all the messages and well wishes he has received from fans all over the world , " the statement said . McCartney is currently performing in support of his album "  New , " which was released in October . His tour is scheduled to continue in Seoul , South Korea , on May 28 , before coming to the United States on June 14 . Fast Facts : Paul McCartney	Paul McCartney "  received successful treatment " after contracting a virus He canceled shows in Japan after being hospitalized Tour scheduled to go to Seoul , then over to America in June
CNN  -- The events of a single afternoon when she was 13 years old have haunted Samantha Geimer her entire life . A famous movie director allegedly gave her champagne and had sex with her . Samantha Geimer appears in the HBO documentary "  Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired . " She is 45 now , and wishes the whole matter would just go away . The arrest of Roman Polanski in Switzerland over the weekend makes that highly unlikely . Geimer is back in the news in connection with the infamous 1977 California sex case , whether she likes it or not . It should have ended three decades ago , when Polanski pleaded guilty to a single count of unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor . He would have been given credit for time served while undergoing an evaluation and placed on probation . But Polanski fled the country before sentencing , fearing the judge would back out of the plea bargain and sentence him to prison . Polanski has filed an appeal against his extradition , Swiss authorities said . They said they would act on the case within weeks . Geimer , who lives in Hawaii with her husband and three children , will not be commenting until Polanski 's legal situation in Switzerland is clarified , her lawyer told CNN . But in past interviews she made it clear that a plea bargain intended to spare her pain as a teenager continues to cause her grief as an adult . Once an aspiring actress , Geimer has said she long ago got over what Polanski did to her . She sued him , and a settlement was reached out of court . But the media , prosecutors and the courts in Los Angeles , California , continue to torment her , she has said . Watch what Geimer said in a HBO documentary " Every time the case resurfaces her wounds reopen . She most recently spoke in January , as attempts to resolve the case once again failed . She filed court papers asking a Los Angeles judge to dismiss the charges against the Oscar-winning director . Negotiations ended when the judge insisted that Polanski come to court for a hearing . Prosecutors said he would be subject to arrest on the fugitive warrant the minute he stepped off the plane . He stayed away . Watch how Polanski might face extradition " "  Every time this case is brought to the attention of the court , great focus is made of me , my family , my mother and others , " Geimer wrote in her affidavit to the court . "  That attention is not pleasant to experience and is not worth maintaining over some irrelevant legal nicety , the continuation of the case . " Geimer was particularly upset when prosecutors filed a fresh version of the entire 1977 grand jury transcript , replete with all the lurid details . "  True as they may be , the continued publication of those details cause harm to me , " she wrote in January . "  I have become a victim of the actions of the district attorney . " "  This is an issue between Mr. Polanski and the court , " said Sandi Gibbons , spokeswoman for the district attorney 's office . "  All I can say is that the warrant for Mr. Polanski 's arrest was issued by the Superior Court of Los Angeles in 1978 because Polanski fled the jurisdiction . The court issued a warrant for his arrest that is valid to this day . " Watch what 's next for Polanski The case began March 10 , 1977 , when the girl , then known as Samantha Gailey , agreed to be photographed by Polanski , according to court records . He told her mother he was on assignment for French Vogue . They spent the afternoon shooting and , as the light began to fade , made their way to the hot tub at actor Jack Nicholson 's house on Mulholland Drive . There , she told investigators , Polanski gave her champagne and part of a Quaalude and had sex with her . She said she felt disoriented and disgusted by his overtures and repeatedly told him "  no . " She faked an asthma attack and begged him to take her home . She said she cried in his car afterward . She spoke with People magazine in 1997 . After her mother went to police , "  all hell broke loose , " Geimer said . The European media compared her to Lolita , the young seductress in fiction . "  The fallout was worse than what had happened that night , " she told People . "  It was on the evening news every night . Reporters and photographers came to my school and put my picture in a European tabloid with the caption Little Lolita . They were all saying , ` Poor Roman Polanski , entrapped by a 13-year-old temptress . ' I had a good friend who came from a good Catholic family , and her father would n't let her come to my house anymore . " Against that backdrop , the plea deal was struck . Afterward , Geimer shut down emotionally and rebelled , she told People on the 20th anniversary of the crime . "  I was this sweet 13-year-old girl , and then all of a sudden I turned into this pissed-off 14-year-old , ' Geimer said . I was mad at my attorney ; I was mad at my mom . I never blamed her for what happened , but I was mad that she had called the police and that we had to go through this ordeal . Now I realize she went through hell trying to handle things as best she could . " Geimer dropped out of school , got pregnant at 18 and married at 19 . She divorced and moved with her family to Hawaii . She later married a carpenter , with whom she had two more children . In 2003 , when Polanski was up for an Oscar for the Holocaust drama "  The Pianist , " Geimer broke her silence again , saying he should be able to attend the Academy Awards ceremony . She spoke to CNN 's Larry King and wrote an opinion piece for the Los Angeles Times urging people to "  judge the movie , not the man . " She told King she feels nothing for Polanski . "  He 's just a stranger to me . I met him twice , three times . ... His life really has nothing to do with my life . " She said she was happy when he left the country because his departure eased the intense public scrutiny . "  Looking back , there can be no question that he did something awful . It was a terrible thing to do to a young girl , " she wrote in her Los Angeles Times piece . "  And honestly , the publicity surrounding it was so traumatic that what he did to me seemed to pale in comparison . " She continued , "  People do n't understand that the judge went back on his word . They do n't know how unfairly we were all treated by the press . Talk about feeling violated ! The media made that year a living hell and I 've been trying to put it behind me ever since . " She concluded : "  The one thing that bothers me is that what happened to me in 1977 happens to girls every day , yet people are interested in me because Mr. Polanski is a celebrity . " She added that other young victims need that attention more than she does .	1977 sex case involving Roman Polanski reopens old wounds for victim Samantha Geimer is now 45 , and married with three children She was 13 when Polanski had sex with her at Jack Nicholson 's house Filmmaker pleaded guilty , fled United States before sentencing
CNN  -- A body discovered at Churchill Downs on Sunday , a day after the storied Louisville racetrack hosted the Kentucky Derby , may have been the victim of a homicide , police said . Workers in the barn area discovered the body early in the morning and notified track security , which called police , said Robert Biven , a spokesman for the Louisville Metropolitan Police Department . "  We just got the call just prior to 5 a.m. to respond to the backside " of the racetrack , Biven told CNN . Police spokeswoman Alicia Smiley said police suspect foul play . The body , which has not been identified , appears to be a Latino man in his 30s or 40s , Biven said . About 400 people were located Saturday night in the rear of the racetrack , he said . "  So we are trying to speak with as many people as we possibly can , " he said . "  We do have a few leads coming in . " An autopsy is to be carried out Monday morning . Biven described the track 's backside as "  like a mini city , " with 48 barns , workers ' dormitories and areas where trainers live . "  It 's a 24-hour operation , " he said . I 'll Have Another wins Kentucky Derby Operations at the racetrack were to continue normally on Sunday , Churchill Downs spokesman John Asher said . No races are scheduled at the track for three days , but cleanup from Saturday 's race was to continue and the racetrack museum was to be open , he said . CNN 's Kara Devlin and Christine Sever contributed to this report	NEW : The victim appears to be a Latino man in his 30s or 40s , police say The body was discovered Sunday morning at Churchill Downs Police suspect foul play , a police spokeswoman says The track hosted the Kentucky Derby on Saturday
CNN  -- He might be fighting it out with Lionel Messi for the title of the world 's top soccer player , but Cristiano Ronaldo is in a league of his very own when it comes to social media followers . Tuesday saw the Portuguese superstar top 100 million "  fans " on Facebook -- way ahead of the nearest sporting opposition . He is adding fans at the rate of nearly one every second , 54 per minute on average . The next best tally is not an individual but a club , FC Barcelona , which has over 76 million ` likes ' -- just edging ahead of Ronaldo 's own team , European champion Real Madrid . The 29-year-old Ronaldo is also on top of the sporting world on Twitter with over 30 million followers . That is 10 million more than second placed Kaka , a star Brazilian footballer and former Real teammate of Ronaldo . NBA standout LeBron James has the third most popular sports profile on Twitter at 15.3 million followers and also trails on the Facebook front with his account ` liked ' by a shade under 22 million people . When Ronaldo tweeted he had won FIFA 's Ballon D'Or for the second time on January 13 , it received over 118,000 retweets and according to sports market researchers Repucom its total reach in teams of retweets , mentions and replies topped 1.04 million . This compares to James ' most popular day on Twitter -- the announcement of his move to Clevelland Cavaliers , where the total figure was 672,000 . Both sets of figures are undoubtedly impressive and James is thought to have a huge following in China , where Facebook and Twitter are banned . "  He 's a good looking guy and very savvy in terms of partnerships and the brands he endorses , " Repucom 's head of digital Max Barnett told CNN , explaining why Ronaldo was way out in front . "  He 's going down the David Beckham route and is extremely well managed . " Ronaldo 's physical appearance is clearly a factor in his widespread following outside of avid sports fans , but Barnett said his most popular tweets were all football related . "  The social media traffic around the Ballon D'Or announcement but also Real Madrid winning the Champions League for a record 10th time  La Decima  was vast , " he said . Repucom 's founder and CEO Paul Smith told CNN that companies backing Ronaldo were on to a winner on and off the field . "  For example , in two days , Tag Heuer 's #DontCrackUnderPressure campaign which was endorsed through six posts by Ronaldo led to an estimated 34.92 million Facebook views and 2.4 million "  likes " for these Tag Heuer related posts , " he said . "  All of which generated an estimated value of $ 380,000 to the Tag Heuer brand . " Repucom takes into account a range of factors , from the simple number of people who have seen a social media posting through to the quality and duration of the brand exposure to reach its conclusions . "  When Ronaldo won his first Champions League title with Manchester United in 2008 , the English powerhouses did not have have an official Twitter account , " said Barnett . United 's official Twitter feed now has over 3.55 million followers . Its former star player shows no sign of resting on his social media laurels , launching his own official community digital platform , Viva Ronaldo , with a downloadable app and other special features . Fans are promised prizes , autographed memorabilia and even the chance to meet him . Any sports star hoping to mount a challenge to Ronaldo 's Facebook and Twitter supremacy clearly faces as tough a test as the hapless defenders trying to keep the prolific striker off the score sheet . Ronaldo is averaging well over a goal per game already this season for Real . But as Barnett points out , even more modest outfits such as unheralded English Premier League side Hull City can benefit from social media 's exponential growth . "  Hull grew its Facebook ` fan ' base by over 800 % last year , with much of the increase coming from Egypt  Hull 's owner Assem Allam is Egyptian  , " he said . For Ronaldo , his attraction is not limited to a single country or region , with research suggesting he 's known by over 84 % of the world 's population -- giving plenty of scope still for him to increase his Facebook and Twitter fan base yet more .	Cristiano Ronaldo passes 100 million Facebook fans Biggest social media following among top sports stars He gets one new ` fan ' ever second and has over 30m followers on Twitter Media analysts working to put a value on social media footprint
Washington  CNN  -- An officer with Washington 's Metropolitan Police Department came under an unprovoked attack Friday from a man wielding an ax , police said , the second such attack in two weeks that is prompting warnings and new protocols to officers on the job . The attack , and another last week in which a man attacked four New York City officers with a hatchet in Queens , prompted an immediate increase in security for officers in both D.C. and New York . The New York Police Department said in a memo : "  Police Officers on patrol should maintain a heightened level of awareness . " The attack in Washington occurred around 3 a.m. as the officer was sitting in his marked squad car in Washington 's Brookland neighborhood , near the campus of Catholic University of America , police said . The officer , who has n't been identified , was n't injured by the ax , but he chased the suspect and suffered a shoulder injury in a scuffle before the attacker ran away , police said . No motive is known and the suspect remains at large . Police said he was an African-American man about 6 feet tall and of stocky build . A photo provided to CNN by a law enforcement official shows the ax implanted in the window of the police car , just inches away from where the officer 's head was inside the car . Metropolitan Police Chief Cathy Lanier issued a warning to officers to increase their vigilance for their safety , amid concern about recent attacks on authorities in New York and Canada , a law enforcement official told CNN . In reaction to the Washington attack , the NYPD issued new patrol protocols to its officers to increase security , including "  Effective immediately , all foot posts are to be assigned in pairs of two . There are to be no solo foot posts assigned citywide . " The memo said officers will be required to remain together and take meal breaks in pairs . Mary Kay Mallonee and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	A D.C. police officer was attacked in his car with an ax Friday , police say The officer was injured in the shoulder after a scuffle and the attacker got away When a similar attack happened in New York , NYPD changed protocol
Paris , France  CNN  -- Four members of the French national soccer team were punished by a disciplinary commission Tuesday following an inquiry into the team 's much-criticized performance and behavior at this year 's World Cup . The French Football Federation 's commission announced that striker Nicolas Anelka -- whose expulsion from the tournament in June sparked a revolt by his teammates -- was suspended for 18 international games . Former team captain Patrice Evra was suspended for five games and his deputy Franck Ribery received a three-game ban , while Jeremy Toulalan was ruled out for one match . The commission said it did not suspend defender Eric Abidal after hearing his explanations for refusing to play in the final group match against South Africa . Manchester United defender Evra , Lyon midfielder Toulalan and Barcelona 's Abidal were said to have met with the commission in Paris Tuesday . Ribery and Anelka , who play in Germany and England for clubs Bayern Munich and Chelsea respectively , were not present at the meeting but were represented by lawyers at the session . Anelka 's ban could effectively end the 31-year-old 's international career . The players have the right to appeal the commission 's decision , the FFF said . France , which won the World Cup in 1998 and lost in the final four years ago , was forced out of this year 's tournament early on , during the group stage . The team 's troubles began after an argument between Anelka and former head coach Raymond Domenech during the game with Mexico . After the FFF expelled Anelka from the tournament , other team members huddled in a bus the next day and refused to train for their next match . The FFF summoned the five players last week along with Domenech , his assistant Alain Boghossian , former FFF President Jean-Pierre Escalettes and former FFF official Jean-Louis Valentin . New France coach Laurent Blanc dropped the entire 23-man World Cup squad for his first match in charge , a 2-1 defeat by Norway in a friendly international ahead of next month 's opening Euro 2012 qualifiers against Belarus and Bosnia-Herzegovina	Four players from France 's national soccer team have been punished The French Football Federation suspended them after events at World Cup Players faced disciplinary action for their poor performance and behavior The French were knocked out of the tournament at the group stage in June
CNN  -- Some observers have been careful not to name the violence in Syria a civil war , lest it become a self-fulfilling prophecy . Well , the child has to be called by its name . The violent turmoil has turned into an asymmetric civil war , where the Syrian military and pro-government militias on one hand and opposition forces on the other are using extreme violence , not only against each other but also against civilians suspected of being sympathetic to one camp or the other . The civil war is asymmetric because government forces are far better equipped , organized and mobilized than the opposition . The latest expression of the unfolding brutality of this civil war is the massacre of more than 100 unarmed civilians , half of whom were children , in the Sunni village of Houla , a center of anti-government activity . Reports are unclear as to whether the culprits were Syrian military units or pro-government militias , the Shabeeha , as they are called in Syria . The United Nations has also been careful not to point a finger at any side . But the U.N. stand is a result of Russian and Chinese support for the Syrian government , which compelled the Security Council to draft a diluted statement acceptable for all members of the council . But the kind of weapons , the systematic mode of operation and countless testimonies all point to Bashar al - Assad 's regime , which is upping the ante in its war against the opposition forces and civilians suspected of being their supporters . The civil war is asymmetric for another reason . First , although the Syrian government has been put under extreme international pressure , it still receives unconditional logistical support from Iran and Hezbollah . Its diplomatic support from Russia and China -- some reports also indicate that Russia sends arm shipments to the Syrian army -- provides assistance for al-Assad 's regime to carry on with its onslaught . The opposition , on the other hand , does not have the same unconditional international backing . Although Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states have committed to support the opposition by arming its forces , their support is not yet a match to the kind of assistance provided by al-Assad 's allies . Other international supporters of the opposition , including Western countries , have been reluctant to take the support a step further and commit themselves to the kind of military operation that brought down Moammar Gadhafi in Libya , or even less so , to the establishment of a humanitarian corridor along Syria 's borders . As long as al-Assad continues to receive regional and international support , his regime will be able to stay in power and have the upper hand in this civil war . The civil war is asymmetric for a third reason . Al-Assad 's regime still enjoys a cohesive leadership and is in full control of its military . Its objectives are also clear -- surviving politically and personally and maintaining control over the country . Conversely , Syrian opposition is divided into rival groups that do not share an organized agenda , have different objectives and have been unable to coordinate their efforts . So , nearly a year and a half after the start of the uprising , the opposition still does not pose a serious challenge to the regime . The U.N. special envoy Kofi Annan , who is in Damascus , was also careful not to put the blame on any side , again reflecting the political dynamics in the United Nations between supporters and opponents of al-Assad . Annan believes that his six-point plan is still the only workable road map to stop the violence . Because it is the only plan on the table , Annan is probably correct . But since the conflict in Syria has evolved into a full-fledged civil war , the questions are no longer about political reforms or cooperation between the opposition and the government to stop the violence and rebuild Syria . Rather it is the actual physical survival of al-Assad , his family and his supporters . It is also about a complete overhaul of the power structure that has been in place in Syria for more than 40 years . Given this bleak reality , the only way to put an end to the violence in Syria is by working with those who support al-Assad 's regime from the outside . Russia and China need to be convinced that it is in their best interest to bring down the regime and that this is the only way to move forward in this crisis . Once this happens , Iran may also be willing to give up on its ally . Time is running out , with the beginning of spillover to Lebanon , as indicated in ethnic clashes last week in Tripoli tied to the strife in Syria . It is crucial for the two powers to recognize that with the global leadership that they claim to possess comes responsibility to interfere proactively in such cases of humanitarian crisis . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Asher Kaufman .	Asher Kaufman : It 's time to call turmoil in Syria a civil war , with extreme violence on each side But regime 's forces are far better equipped and organized than the opposition , he says Kaufman : Bashar al-Assad gets heavy-duty support , especially from Russia and China Russia and China must be convinced it 's not in their interest to back al-Assad , he says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's personal physician , Dr. Conrad Murray , administered a powerful drug that authorities believe killed the singer , a source with knowledge of the investigation confirmed to CNN on Monday . Dr. Conrad Murray was with Michael Jackson on the day that he died . Murray , a Texas-based cardiologist , allegedly gave Jackson the anesthetic propofol -- commonly known by the brand name Diprivan -- in the 24 hours before he died , the source said . The doctor 's attorneys in a statement Monday said they would n't comment on "  rumors , innuendo or unnamed sources . " In the past , they have said Murray never prescribed or administered anything that could have killed the pop star . Murray was the doctor who was at Jackson 's home when the pop star died on June 25 . Watch CNN 's Ted Rowlands report on drug allegation " Last week , Texas authorities searched Murray 's Houston medical office and storage unit , looking for "  evidence of the offense of manslaughter , " according to court documents . Among the items removed from Murray 's office were a computer ; 27 tablets of phentermine , a prescription-strength appetite suppressant ; 1 tablet of clonazepam , an anti-anxiety medication ; and some Rolodex cards . From Murray 's storage unit , authorities removed two computer hard drives ; and "  important contact list ; " a suspension notice from Houston 's Doctor Hospital ; notices from the Internal Revenue Service ; and a laundry list of medical and hospital documents . Ed Chernoff , a Houston lawyer hired by Murray soon after Jackson 's death , confirmed at the time that Los Angeles Police detectives and federal Drug Enforcement Administration agents used a search warrant to enter Murray 's office in northeast Houston on Wednesday morning . Chernoff said members of Murray 's legal team were at the medical office during the search , which he said "  was conducted by members of the DEA , two robbery-homicide detectives from the Los Angeles Police Department and Houston Police officers . " Tammy Kidd , a spokeswoman at Chernoff 's office , told CNN the search "  was absolutely a surprise to us , because we 've had open lines of communication this whole time . " Police have interviewed Murray twice since Jackson 's death . A third interview was scheduled for July 24 , but was postponed after the search warrants were executed . It 's unknown when the next interview will take place . Among those who have indicated that Jackson may have been using dangerous prescription medication are nutritionist Cherilyn Lee , who said Jackson pleaded for the powerful sedative Diprivan despite being told of its harmful effects . Meanwhile , the Los Angeles County coroner 's office continues to investigate the cause of Jackson 's death on June 25 . It has been waiting on toxicology lab results , but a final autopsy report is expected as soon as this week , a coroner 's spokesman has said . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	Murray allegedly gave Jackson propofol in 24 hours before death , source says Source close to family says doctor administered drug believed to have killed singer Dr. Conrad Murray was with Michael Jackson on day that he died Police have interviewed Murray twice since Jackson 's death
CNN  -- Singer Fantasia Barrino gave birth to a boy in North Carolina on Tuesday , her representative said . Dallas Xavier Barrino , weighing 7 lbs 9 ounces and measuring 21 inches , was born at Presbyterian Hospital in Charlotte , according Sherlen Archibald . "  I feel so blessed that my son Dallas Xavier was born healthy , and is a wonderful new addition to our family , " Barrino said , who also has a 10-year-old daughter . "  I thank all my fans for their well wishes and continued support . " The 2004 "  American Idol " winner announced her pregnancy in August at a Florida concert . She has not said who the father is . The past 18 months have been difficult for the 27-year-old Barrino , who acknowledged a relationship with a married man in the summer of 2010 . She initially denied knowing Antwaun Cook was married . She was treated at a Charlotte , North Carolina , hospital for a "  sleep aid " overdose several days after Cook 's wife filed a child-custody petition that included allegations of the affair . Barrino later testified in the child custody case that she knew from the first day of her relationship with Cook that he was married and still living with his wife , according to court records . Barrino 's raw talent as a songstress , combined with her hard-luck story as a teenage mother , won her many fans , starting with her winning the third season of "  American Idol . " Her six-year-long entertainment career has been pockmarked with adversity , including being sued by her own father and well-publicized financial troubles . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	"  I feel so blessed , " Barrino says The singer also has a 10-year-old daughter The singer revealed her pregnancy during a Florida show
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The man convicted of killing British student Meredith Kercher has given an interview from his Italian jail cell , insisting Amanda Knox is a "  sweet girl " incapable of murder . Raffaele Sollecito , who was sentenced to 25 years for his role in Kercher 's death , told an Italian newspaper that he was struggling to come to terms with the verdict and feared going "  insane " in prison . Asked if his former girlfriend Knox -- also convicted of Kercher 's murder and jailed for 26 years -- was capable of killing , Sollecito told Il Messagero : "  It is absurd and inadmissible . She is a very sweet girl . " Sollecito 's lawyer Luca Maori , who acted as an intermediary for the newspaper , confirmed to CNN that the interview had taken place and was reported accurately . American student Knox and Italian Sollecito were convicted last week of murdering Kercher , who was found with her throat slit in the apartment she shared with Knox in the Italian town of Perugia . Both , and another suspect found guilty in a separate trial , are appealing . Speaking from his cell in Terni prison in central Italy , Sollecito maintained his innocence and blamed his conviction on a "  media campaign . " "  I was certain that the verdict would put an end to a nightmare . Instead , it did n't , " he said . "  When the sentencing was read , I did n't understand what was happening and even now it seems impossible and still do n't understand why I was convicted . " Sollecito said he was no longer in love with Knox but still felt close to her . "  She is also in a nightmare and a harrowing situation like mine . " He also rejected claims he and Knox had acted inappropriately by shopping for underwear after Kercher 's murder -- an incident that was cited as an example of Knox 's lack of emotion following her roommate 's death . "  We went shopping for underwear because Amanda had everything sequestered . All of which was said was wrong , " he said . Sollecito said his religious faith was sustaining him in prison , although he was struggling to cope . "  If I did n't have faith , I would have ended my life , " he said . "  I should be hopeful , but it is very difficult . The world has collapsed on top of me with this verdict . It collapsed on me and Amanda . CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome contributed to this report	Raffaele Sollecito gives first interview since being convicted of murder of Meredith Kercher Sollecito says former girlfriend Amanda Knox is "  a sweet girl " Knox sentenced to 26 years , Raffaele Sollecito sentenced to 25 years
CNN  -- On January 19 , a team of at least 15 people assassinated Hamas leader Mahmoud al-Mabhouh . Dubai police released video footage of 11 of them . Although it was obviously a very professional operation , the 27 minutes of video is fascinating in its banality . Team members walk through the airport , check into and out of hotels , get into and out of taxis . They make no effort to hide themselves from the cameras , sometimes seeming to stare directly into them . They obviously do n't care that they 're being recorded , and -- in fact -- the cameras did n't prevent the assassination , nor as far as we know have they helped as yet in identifying the killers . Pervasive security cameras do n't substantially reduce crime . This fact has been demonstrated repeatedly : in San Francisco , California , public housing ; in a New York apartment complex ; in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; in Washington ; in study after study in both the U.S. and the U.K. Nor are they instrumental in solving many crimes after the fact . There are exceptions , of course , and proponents of cameras can always cherry-pick examples to bolster their argument . These success stories are what convince us ; our brains are wired to respond more strongly to anecdotes than to data . But the data are clear : CCTV cameras have minimal value in the fight against crime . Although it 's comforting to imagine vigilant police monitoring every camera , the truth is very different , for a variety of reasons : technological limitations of cameras , organizational limitations of police and the adaptive abilities of criminals . No one looks at most CCTV footage until well after a crime is committed . And when the police do look at the recordings , it 's very common for them to be unable to identify suspects . Criminals do n't often stare helpfully at the lens and -- unlike the Dubai assassins -- tend to wear sunglasses and hats . Cameras break far too often . Even when they afford quick identification -- think of the footage of the September 11 terrorists going through airport security or the July 7 London transport bombers just before the bombs exploded -- police are often able to identify those suspects even without the cameras . Cameras afford a false sense of security , encouraging laziness when we need police to be vigilant . The solution is n't for police to watch the cameras more diligently . Unlike an officer walking the street , cameras look only in particular directions at particular locations . Criminals know this and can easily adapt by moving their crimes to places not watched by a camera -- and there will always be such places . And although a police officer on the street can respond to a crime in progress , someone watching a CCTV screen can only dispatch an officer to arrive much later . By their very nature , cameras result in underused and misallocated police resources . Cameras are n't completely ineffective , of course . Used properly , they 're effective in reducing crime in enclosed areas with minimal foot traffic . Combined with adequate lighting , they substantially reduce both personal attacks and auto-related crime in multistory parking garages . And sometimes it is cost-effective for a store to install cameras to catch shoplifters or a casino to install cameras to detect cheaters . But these are instances where there is a specific risk at a specific location . The important question is n't whether cameras solve past crime or deter future crime ; it 's whether they 're a good use of resources . They 're expensive , both in money and in their Orwellian effects on privacy and civil liberties . Their inevitable misuse is another cost ; police have spied on naked women in their own homes , shared nude images , sold best-of videos and even spied on national politicians . Though we might be willing to accept these downsides for a real increase in security , cameras do n't provide that . Despite our predilection for technological solutions over human ones , the funds now spent on CCTV cameras would be far better spent on hiring and training police officers . We live in a unique time in our society : Cameras are everywhere , but we can still see them . Ten years ago , cameras were much rarer than they are today . Ten years from now , they 'll be so small , you wo n't even notice them . Already , people can buy surveillance cameras in household objects to spy on their spouses and baby sitters -- I particularly like the one hidden in a shower mirror -- or cameras in pens to spy on their colleagues , and they can remotely turn on laptop cameras to spy on anyone . Companies are developing police state-type CCTV surveillance technologies for China , technology that will find its way into countries like the U.S. . If universal surveillance were the answer , lots of us would have moved to the former East Germany . If surveillance cameras were the answer , camera-happy London , with something like 500,000 of them at a cost of $ 700 million , would be the safest city on the planet . We did n't , and it is n't , because surveillance and surveillance cameras do n't make us safer . The money spent on cameras in London , and in cities across America , could be much better spent on actual policing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier . For a version of this article with embedded links to sources , click here	Security cameras documented movements of suspects in Hamas official 's killing Bruce Schneier says that for most part , cameras do n't make us safer He says most video does n't get monitored , and criminals can evade video Spending money on other forms of law enforcement is wiser , he says
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has again indefinitely blocked plans to disseminate video of an important federal court case involving same-sex marriage in California . The justices in an unsigned order Wednesday prevented any distribution of the live video stream outside the San Francisco , California , courthouse where the case is being heard , and any real-time or delayed posting on the Internet . In a trial that began Monday , a federal judge in San Francisco will decide whether the state 's Proposition 8 banning same-sex marriage is constitutional . California voters approved the measure in November 2008 , prompting an appeal by several homosexual couples . As part of a pilot program , the judge had agreed to allow video of the trial to be sent live to other rooms within the courthouse and to five other federal courthouses , and to be posted several hours later on the popular video site YouTube.com . Opponents of same-sex marriage had asked the Supreme Court to intervene , saying witness testimony could be affected if cameras were present . It is extremely rare for a federal trial to be televised to the broader public . The Supreme Court 's latest order allows distribution only to designated "  overflow " rooms in the San Francisco courthouse , where people who want to view the trial but are unable to fit into the courtroom can watch the proceedings on closed-circuit television . A majority of Supreme Court justices concluded expanded broadcast should not permitted because , they wrote , "  It appears the courts below did not follow the appropriate procedures set forth in federal law before changing their rules to allow such broadcasting . " There has been much internal debate in federal courts around the country about the televised experiment , with several judges and administrators privately expressing concern that it could eventually lead to the entire judiciary being televised , including the Supreme Court . In dissent to the ruling , Justice Stephen Breyer and three liberal colleagues complained the public would be deprived of watching "  a nonjury civil case of great public interest to five other federal courthouses located in Seattle -LSB- Washington -RSB- , Pasadena -LSB- California -RSB- , Portland -LSB- Oregon -RSB- , San Francisco -LSB- California -RSB- , and Brooklyn -LSB- New York -RSB- . " He was supported by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , John Paul Stevens and Sonia Sotomayor . Breyer said the Supreme Court traditionally has stayed out of what he called another court 's administrative discretion on such matters , saying , "  I believe this court should adhere to its institutional competence , its historical practice , and its governing precedent -- all of which counsel against the issuance of this stay . " The case is Hollingsworth v. Perry  09A648  .	Lower court had OK 'd posting videos of trial on Internet Supreme Court says no , but cameras can send trial to overflow rooms Four members of court dissent , led by Justice Stephen Breyer
CNN  -- An estimated 2.5 million pilgrims have descended on the city of Mecca for the Islamic Hajj , said to be the largest annual gathering of people in the world . Every fit and able Muslim is obliged by their faith to make the journey at least once in their lifetime . But with the rising threat of climate change , there are now calls for both pilgrims and authorities in Mecca to reduce the environmental damage wrought by this yearly influx of travelers . "  Everyone arrives at the same time , at exactly the same place , and every year there are more and more people , " said Dr Husna Ahmed , principal author of "  The Green Guide for Hajj , " a booklet promoting ecologically-sustainable practices among Hajj pilgrims , released earlier this week . Ahmed , who is CEO of the UK-based Faith Regen Foundation , says that as many as 100 million plastic water bottles were dumped by pilgrims during Hajj last year , according to a study conducted by colleagues at the foundation . Ahmed adds that Mecca 's authorities have yet to make adequate provisions for recycling . "  All the waste from food , all the fumes from coaches traveling around the city , all the energy used for powering local hotels , it has a significant environmental impact , " said Ahmed . "  And that 's before you think about the carbon footprint of all those flying in from halfway around the globe . " According to Ahmed , the problem is both practical and cultural . While she is eager for local authorities in Mecca to introduce energy-saving measures , like solar-powered mosques and low-carbon transport initiatives , she says that pilgrims must also become more conscious of their surroundings . "  Unfortunately , the issues of climate change and conservation are not a high priority for many Muslims , particularly those struggling with poverty in the developing world -- for whom simply getting through the day is the main consideration , " said Ahmed , who hopes that her guide will help emphasize the fundamental link between the theology of Islam and the preservation of nature . It 's a message that the newly-formed Green Pilgrimage Network  GPN  is keen to highlight . "  Most religions are implicitly conservationist ... after all , if you think of God as the creator , then it surely befalls you to take care of his creation , " said Martin Palmer , secretary-general of the network . It is a multi-faith organization that aims to create a worldwide alliance of holy cities committed to sustainable practices , such as banning cars on pilgrimage routes , improving waste management and investing in renewable energy . According to the network , over 100 million people a year embark on a religious pilgrimage , making it one of the single greatest reasons for travel worldwide . For Palmer , the environmental challenges presented by pilgrimages at holy sites like Mecca stem primarily from the trappings of modern living . "  Pilgrimages have become corrupted by consumerism , " he said . "  For instance , instead of buying millions of plastic bottles , 100 years ago every pilgrim would have traveled with a flask . " Launched last week in the sacred Catholic city of Assisi in Italy , the network comprises 12 founding member cities , including Amritsar in India , where they have pledged to provide clean drinking water for Sikh pilgrims traveling to the Golden Temple there ; and in St. Albans in the UK , the Church of England says it will install solar panels on the local cathedral . "  This of course is just the beginning , " said Palmer , who aims to have at least 300 cities signed up to the network within the next couple of years . To join the network , he says , a city 's municipal authority must undertake to work in partnership with the faith community to work towards "  shared environmental goals . " Palmer hopes that being a member of the network will be seen as a badge of honor -- "  like becoming a UNESCO world heritage site " -- with the threat that those who fail to live up to their commitments will lose membership . While Mecca is not yet a member , Palmer says "  The Green Guide for Hajj , " is the first step in bringing the city on board . "  I understand that the religious authorities are going through the guide with a fine-tooth comb to make sure it all complies with Islamic law before giving their official endorsement , " he said . He notes that the local government in Mecca has already displayed a commitment to environmental reform , with the construction of a new metro system capable of transporting 2.5 million pilgrims between shrines currently under way , as well as ongoing discussions to provide water flasks . CNN was unable to make contact with leaders of Mecca during the Hajj holidary period to get comment . According to Omar Faruk , founding director of UK-based pressure group EcoMuslim , conservation is not just compatible with the teachings of Islam , it is integral . "  The Quran says : ` The earth is green and beautiful , and Allah has appointed you stewards over it , ' " said Faruk . "  Put simply , being green is a central part of being a good Muslim . " This is music to the ears of Olav Kjorven , director of policy at the U.N. Development Program , which last year helped produce the "  Muslim Seven Year Action Plan on Climate Change " and is an official supporter of the Green Pilgrimage Network . "  Religions own up to 8 % of the world 's habitable land and 5 % of commercial forests ; run or contribute to more than half of the world 's schools ; account for up to 7 % of all global investments and offer moral and spiritual guidance to approximately 85 % of all people , " said Kjorven . "  Their active engagement on climate change is crucial if we are to realize a greener future for our planet . "	As millions embark on annual Hajj pilgrimage , concern growns over cost to environment Newly launched Green Pilgrimage Network to promote sustainable sacred cities Link between religion and ecology emphasized to inspire pilgrims to "  tread lightly " Mecca is introducing new metro link ; considers solar-powered mosques
CNN  -- A 16-year-old boy was charged late Sunday in connection with a shooting at the Bryant Park skating rink that wounded two people , New York City police said . Corey Dunton was arrested and charged with attempted murder , assault , reckless endangerment and criminal possession of a weapon , and will be charged as an adult , according to New York Police Detective Kelly Ort . Police believe Saturday 's shooting began over an argument about a coat , Ort said . One victim was shot in the back and the second one in the leg , police said . The victims ' injuries are not life-threatening . The victims were 14 and 20 years of age . Police are withholding the victims ' names at this time . Megan Cutcher , a San Francisco resident visiting New York City , was having a drink with relatives at a nearby restaurant when the gunfire started . "  We sat down at one of the outdoor couches with a heater and ordered a drink , " Cutcher said . "  Right after we ordered , we heard three shots . Initially , it just sounded like a pop gun , but then people started screaming , and we realized it was more serious . " She grabbed her mother and pushed her under the table . "  We were at most 10-15 feet from the ice , " she said . "  Luckily , the couches we 'd been sitting on blocked us from the view of the shooter . " A few minutes later , the gunfire stopped and the restaurant staff ushered them into the kitchen for safety . "  I was able to calm down a bit , though my heart was racing , " she said . Police ordered them to stay put while they searched the area . About an hour later , they got an all-clear to use a particular exit . Shooting leaves 2 dead at house party near Houston CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report	NEW : Police charge suspect with attempted murder The incident began over an argument about a coat , police say Two people are injured ; the shooting occurred at Bryant Park One person is in police custody in connection with the shooting
CNN  -- A grand jury has indicted a northern California couple accused of holding Jaycee Dugard captive for nearly two decades , authorities said Friday . Phillip and Nancy Garrido face 18 counts , including kidnapping , rape and false imprisonment . They are also accused of possessing child pornography . Both had previously pleaded not guilty to 29 felony counts in the case . Dugard was 11 years old when she was snatched in 1991 from the street in front of her home in South Lake Tahoe , California . Authorities say the Garridos held Dugard in a hidden compound behind their home for 18 years . She was 29 when she was found in August 2009 at the Garridos ' home in Antioch , about 120 miles from her house . Nancy Garrido 's lawyers on Friday entered a plea of not guilty on her behalf to the revised charges . Proceedings against her husband have been suspended to determine whether he is mentally competent to stand trial . The indictment , filed September 21 in El Dorado Superior Court , allows the prosecution to circumvent a preliminary hearing , at which Dugard might have testified in open court . The next hearing in the case is scheduled for November 4 . The indictment came to light during a scheduled hearing Friday , at which the Garridos were present . They sat just a few chairs apart and showed little emotion as they spoke to their lawyers and listened to the judge . "  There 's a number of reasons why we might use a grand jury , " El Dorado County District Attorney Vern Pierson later told reporters outside the courthouse . "  One obvious reason is that sometimes given the publicity in a case , it 's a better way to get the case to a final conclusion and move it along to trial . " Stephen Tapson , Nancy Garrido 's attorney , said he did not imagine a trial would start before the end of next year . He also said he believed that Dugard testified before the grand jury . Garrido , a registered sex offender on parole at the time of his arrest , is accused of fathering two daughters with Dugard during her captivity . Dugard now lives in seclusion with her mother , Terry Probyn , and Dugard 's two daughters . Officials have said Dugard does not want to speak to Garrido or his attorneys , and authorities have tried to keep her location a secret .	NEW : The husband and wife showed little emotion in court Phillip and Nancy Garrido are accused of holding Dugard captive for nearly 20 years They were indicted on 18 counts , including kidnapping and rape The next hearing is scheduled for November 4
CNN  -- Uganda 's President has said he 's seeking advice from American scientists before he decides whether to sign a bill that criminalizes homosexuality . Homosexual acts are illegal in Uganda . The proposed legislation passed by parliament toughens the penalties , including life imprisonment for certain acts . President Yoweri Museveni 's decision backtracks from his announcement last week , when he said he 'd sign the bill for "  scientific " reasons . At the time , he said that Ugandan scientists had determined there was no gene for homosexuality . "  It was learned and could be unlearned , " he said . Shortly after his announcement , U.S. President Barack Obama warned that enacting the bill would affect relations between the two nations . He described the proposal as an "  affront and a danger to the gay community " in Uganda . The United States and Britain are among the nation 's largest donors . Placating Western donors In what appears to be a move to placate Western donors , Museveni now says he is seeking extended guidance . In a statement this week , he said U.S. scientists sent him opinions indicating "  homosexuality could be congenital . " "  I therefore encourage the U.S. government to help us by working with our scientists to study whether , indeed , there are people who are born homosexual , " Museveni said . "  When that is proved , we can review this legislation . " Years of debates A Ugandan lawmaker first introduced the bill in 2009 with a death penalty clause for some homosexual acts . It was briefly shelved when Britain and other European nations threatened to withdraw aid to Uganda , which relies on millions of dollars from the international community . The nation 's parliament passed the bill in December , replacing the death penalty provision with a proposal of life in prison for "  aggravated homosexuality . " This includes acts where one person is infected with HIV , "  serial offenders " and sex with minors , Amnesty International said . The bill also proposed years in prison for anyone who counsels or reaches out to gays and lesbians , a provision that would ensnare rights groups and others providing services to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . Decisions , backtracking This is the latest in a series of back-and-forth actions on the bill . Last month , Museveni said he would n't sign the bill , describing homosexuals as "  sick " people who needed help , not imprisonment . Then he backtracked last week and said he 'd sign it because scientists had determined that there 's no gene for homosexuality and it was merely abnormal behavior . "  We shall have a war with the homosexual lobby in the world , but backed by these people  scientists  and you , " he said at the time . Homosexuality is illegal in 38 African countries , where most sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison . But lawmakers in the conservative nation have sought tougher legislation , saying the influence of Western lifestyles risks destroying family units . Rights groups worldwide have condemned the bill as draconian .	Last week , President Yoweri Museveni said he would sign a bill that criminalizes homosexuality The bill has been debated in Uganda for years President Barack Obama said enacting the bill would affect U.S. relations with Uganda This week , Museveni says he 's seeking advice from U.S. scientists
CNN  Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney 's "  Tron 3 . " The pair will reprise their characters from 2010 's "  Tron : Legacy " in the sequel , which is being directed by Joseph Kosinski . "  Legacy " was the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film that took place inside a computer world known as the Grid and starred Jeff Bridges and Bruce Boxleitner . While not a hit at the time , it later drew a big cult following and became an influence on filmmakers and pop culture . Decades later , Disney revisited the world with "  Legacy . " The story revealed that the computer-programmer character played by Bridges had a son  Hedlund  who jumped into the Grid to find his father . Wilde was Quorra , an algorithm-made-flesh who also happened to kick butt . How Warner Bros. can differentiate itself in the Marvel vs. DC battle  Analysis Disney has been developing a sequel to "  Legacy " since the movie grossed $ 400 million worldwide . Hedlund in 2012 said he would return to the visual-effects-heavy franchise , but that was when the project was circling a 2014 start . The project is now looking to shoot this fall , likely in Vancouver , British Columbia . Plot details are being kept offline . When will ` Star Trek ' get a cinematic universe ? Justin Springer will be involved as a producer . Wilde is coming off starring in the Blumhouse-produced horror movie "  The Lazarus Effect . " She is repped by WME , Untitled and Ziffren Brittenham . Why more ` Star Wars ' actors have n't vecome stars Hedlund just boarded Billy Lynn 's Long Halftime Walk and will be playing "  Hook " in Pan , Warner Bros. ' retelling of "  Peter Pan . " He is repped by WME , Brillstein Entertainment and Sloane Offer . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	3rd "  Tron " is coming together with "  Tron : Legacy " stars returning Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund will reprise their roles "  Tron : Legacy " grossed $ 400 million worldwide , after the 1982 original gained fans online
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- The United Nation 's International Maritime Organization  IMO  has gathered this week in the shipping hub of Hong Kong to draw up new rules on ship recycling . Ship-breaking yards in Bangladesh are responsible for pollution and health problems . As the delegates meet in the city 's Convention and Exhibition center overlooking the harbor , many of the vast container ships that glide past them will end up 1,500 miles away on the beaches of south east Bangladesh . India , Pakistan and Bangladesh take 80 percent of end-of-life ships , according to the NGO Platform on Shipbreaking , but critics of the U.N. convention being discussed fear the problems of pollution and poor working conditions these countries experience through badly regulated shipbreaking will not be properly addressed . Lee Adamson , the IMO 's spokesperson , is confident the convention will be "  a tremendous step forward in terms of health and safety for workers in the industry and for protection of the environment from end-of-life ships . It will set standards where none previously existed . " But those standards do n't go far enough for lawyer and head of the Bangladesh Environmental Lawyers Association , Rizwana Hasan . She has been trying to clean up the dirty and dangerous industry through the law courts since 2003 . Her passion and persistence led to a Bangladesh High Court ruling in March this year finally forcing the government to tighten its regulations of the trade . It has also brought her the Goldman Environmental Prize in April and increasing international attention . "  Now I have an international connection , my opponents are taking me more seriously as a threat , " she told CNN . The main objection of Hasan and the nongovernmental organization Platform on Shipbreaking against the IMO convention is that it fails to deal with the issue of pre-cleaning -- the removal of toxic materials from ships before they are beached and dismantled , which is often done by hand by laborers without any safety equipment . "  Technical details about recycling are being discussed , but nothing about pre-cleaning of ships . It 's the core issue . Pre-cleaning is when the majority of in-built toxic material of a ship is removed before being beached in a foreign country . Plus , nothing is being said against beaching -- Bangladesh 's beaches have become a natural disadvantage , " Hasan told CNN . Secretary-General of the IMO Efthimios E. Mitropoulos stated in his opening address of conference its aim "  is to adopt a new convention on the safe and environmentally sound recycling of ships , while balancing the commercial and economic considerations of the industry . " With perhaps too much emphasis on the economic considerations of the industry , Hasan believes the IMO is in effect legalizing shipbreaking in the name of ship recycling . "  They 're talking about the responsibility of the ship owners in building new ships , but not about the existing ships and what to do them , " said Hasan . More ships to scrap The ship breaking industry is booming . Single-hull oil tankers have to be taken off the high seas by 2010 , but the financial downturn has also become a major factor . With less trade in goods , container ships are being taken out of service and scrapped , as shipping lines can no longer afford to keep them afloat . In turn shipbreaking industries fuels local businesses in iron milling and create local markets for parts from ships , including anything salvaged , from doors and tables to nuts and bolts . Shipping companies often sell their decommission ships to intermediary companies that then sell the ships to breakers yards . Less scrupulous companies will not ensure the ships are as free of toxic materials as they should be before they are dismantled and even change their flag of convenience so they are not bound by the UN Basel convention on the exporting of toxic material . In 2006 legal actions instigated by Hasan were successful in turning away two toxic-laden ships from being beached in Bangladesh . The dangerous job of breaking up ships has migrated from dry docks in industrial countries to other ports across the world , where labor and environmental laws are not strictly upheld . While still happening on a smaller scale in India , it was because of tighter laws there that more ships started being beached across the Bay of Bengal . The bulk of Bangladesh 's shipbreaking is done on the beaches around Chittagong in southeastern Bangladesh . Casual laborers often include children and do n't have the most basic of protection gear , such as gloves , hard hats or face masks while breaking up the ship by hand and have to handle a cocktail of toxic waste including asbestos , PCBs , lead and other heavy metals . See more photos of the shipbreaking yards " Accidents and death are common , although Hasan says it 's almost impossible to say how many accidents occur ; the shipbreaking companies are cagey on the numbers . "  I call it exploitation , I do n't call it employment . The majority of the laborers are seasonal migrants from the north , the poorest of the poor . They will get three meals and day and rarely some payment , but they will definitely get diseases , " said Hasan . Environmental devastation As well as the human impact , the environmental damage has been equally devastating , with heavy metals contaminating the surrounding land , oil leaking into the oceans , and asbestos released into the air . Mangroves , natural protection zones against floods , have been cut down to make way for the shipbreaking yards and high value beachland leased out to the companies that run them . Fishing , the traditional livelihood of many in the region , has been ruined because of polluted water and few fish left in coastal waters . "  Bangladesh is allowing its beach to turn into a dumping ground . It 's a classic example of environmental injustice , " said Hasan . Yet Hasan is not denouncing the industry completely but the way in which it is conducted . "  It 's a matter of disgrace for Bangladesh to have this industry in its current form . I 'm not saying I want the industry to shut down , because the main stakeholders , the workers have a say in this . They should have a say whether we need the industry or not , " said Hasan . There have been improvements in the treatment of workers since the High Court of Bangladesh ruled in March in favor of tighter regulations surrounding the industry . "  Until very recently the owners -LSB- of the shipbreaking companies -RSB- did n't take responsibility for deaths or injuries . After we started filing the cases they have started paying compensation . " The cases Hasan won were founded on the U.N. 's Basel Convention on the export and disposal of toxic waste . Although it has provided the means for Hasan and her team to score victories in the courts , the Basel ruling is a set of guidelines where the principal was to regulate toxic waste and not a legally binding rule for shipping . Adamson maintains that the Basle convention and other UN measures to protect ship workers and the environment were "  heavily involved " in the draft convention . He also questions the usefulness of a convention that does not get universal agreement . "  There is nothing that can force a sovereign state to become party to an international convention should it consider it not in its interests to do so . What would be the value of a convention to which those states were not party ? That , I think , is very much at the heart of the matter , " he told CNN . Regardless of the final wording of the convention , Hasan 's attentions will focus on improving the situation in Bangladesh for shipbreaking workers and the environment . "  There 's something called natural justice . Enough is enough . Since the workers have been informed that there has been a ruling things have changed ; they 're getting their compensation . But that 's not my goal -- to kill people and then give them compensation . My ultimate goal is to see this industry does n't pollute and does not kill , " said Hasan .	U.N. meeting in Hong Kong to draw up new convention on ship recycling Eco lawyer Rizwana Hasan claims it wo n't stop dangerous shipbreaking practices Bangladesh beaches sites of polluting and dangerous shipbreaking Hasan succeeded in making Bangladeshi government clean up shipbreaking yards
CNN  -- The French government was dissolved Monday amid turmoil among top ministers . President Francois Hollande asked Prime Minister Manuel Valls to form a new government , which will be announced Tuesday , Hollande 's office said in a statement posted on Twitter . French media reported that the upheaval was caused by public calls from Economy Minister Arnaud Montebourg for a major reorientation of economic policy in a country where growth has stalled and unemployment remains high . Montebourg 's comments were seen as a challenge to the authority of Hollande and Valls . "  The crisis in the heart of the government is clear , and it promises to be bloody , " reported Le Figaro , a right-leaning national newspaper . Socialist leader Hollande said he wants the new government to be "  a team that is coherent with the course that he himself has set for our country , " the statement from his office said . Hollande has the worst approval ratings of any French President on record . Valls ' popularity , meanwhile , has shown a decline in recent opinion polls . Valls has been in the post of Prime Minister since March 31 , replacing Jean-Marc Ayrault . Hollande has held the presidency since 2012 , when he defeated his predecessor , the center-right leader Nicolas Sarkozy . CNN 's Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	Prime Minister Manuel Valls has presented his government 's resignation President Francois Hollande asks Valls to form a new government The upheaval comes after calls for major policy changes from the Economy Minister "  The crisis in the heart of the government is clear , " the newspaper Le Figaro reports
San Bruno , California  CNN  -- At first , residents thought it was an earthquake . Or maybe a big airplane had crashed . San Bruno , after all , is adjacent to the San Francisco airport . They heard the booms . Then they saw the giant fireballs , some leaping 80 feet high . The flames were so hot , so intense , that the roar could be heard far away and the heat sucked up the air . They did not know then that a gas line that had ruptured and exploded , triggering a fire that would leave their town in apocalyptic hues . They would only find out later what had happened . But in the middle of the chaos , they simply tried to survive . Homes , lawns , cars -- everything burned . At least four people died . Many others gasped their way to hospitals , four of them fighting for their lives with excruciating third-degree burns . Read latest on California fire Judy Serresseque felt her whole house shake as though a mighty quake was about to swallow northern California , her living room filled with an orange glow . "  When I went to my front door , I looked out and everything was just flames , " said Serresseque , who fled with her husband . "  The heat was intense , and you could hear it , you could hear the hiss . " A "  big rumbling sound " sent Bob Hensel 's cats into hiding . He looked long and hard for them before he pried open the garage door to escape the flames . As he drove off , he could see the bumper of his wife 's car melt away . The explosion occurred Thursday evening , sending concrete chunks flying through the air . The heat from the blaze melted tail lights on cars parked blocks away . In daylight Friday , 15 acres of San Bruno resembled more a war zone than a quiet suburban California neighborhood . "  I was standing next to a police officer who 'd been in Baghdad , and he said he had never seen anything quite so bad as this , " John Hampton , a freelance photographer who witnessed the fire , told CNN affiliate KGO . "  It looks as if this area was firebombed . " Another photographer , Bryan Carmody , documented the tragedy with his camera lens . He said the actual gas fire was contained to a small area , but houses just started catching fire , one after another . And the blaze turned into one continuous fireball . "  The fire would just move from one house to the next because the fire was burning so fast and so big and so intensely , " he said . "  It was definitely a sight to see . " Residents under evacuation orders fled to shelters . Others spent a panicked night in darkness after electricity was cut off . They feared for their friends , families and themselves , not knowing the path and scope of the fire . On Friday , cadaver dogs were still searching as authorities feared more than four people had perished in the blaze . Sergio Campos was on his way to class at Skyline College when he saw the fire and pulled over . Even from a distance , he could hear the roar . But he , like so many other confused San Bruno residents , did n't know whether to run toward the inferno to try to save people , or drive as far away as he could . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	At first , residents thought blast was a quake or a plane crash They heard the fire 's roar and felt its intense heat The fire left 15 acres of San Bruno looking like a war zone
CNN  -- The date , in that long-gone American spring , was the same as today 's : May 19 . The year was 1780 . The event is mostly forgotten , lost to the mists of history . Many people -- probably most people -- have never heard about it . And the question , on this anniversary of that Day of Darkness , is : In our constantly connected world , a world in which we are always in touch , always seemingly in the know , could the kind of fear that all but paralyzed the young nation that day still happen ? On that day in 1780 , at around noon , much of New England -- meaning much of the new America -- went black . At midday , it was midnight . This was not an electrical blackout , of course ; homes and businesses did not have electricity in those years , and were illuminated by lanterns and candles . Rather , the sky turned a deep , complete and unrelenting black , erasing the sun . It was not an eclipse . It was not a thunderstorm . Imagine , in the middle of a day in May , every bit of light suddenly and inexplicably disappearing from your world . The citizens were terrified . They waited for the darkness to lift . It did not . Minutes began to feel like months . One contemporaneous observer in Massachusetts , Samuel Williams , a professor at Harvard -- the "  University at Cambridge , " as he identified it -- wrote : "  The birds having sung their evening song disappeared and became silent ... The fowls retired to roost . ... Objects could not be distinguished but at a very little distance ; and every thing bore the appearance and gloom of night . " As the daytime hours of blackness wore on , some people , according to historical accounts , began to think that there might never be light again . There was widespread supposition that Judgment Day may have come . In the Connecticut legislature , Abraham Davenport rose to vigorously oppose his colleagues ' wish to adjourn : "  I am against adjournment . The day of judgment is either approaching , or it is not . If it is not , there is no cause for adjournment ; if it is , I choose to be found doing my duty . " The blackness would last for the rest of the afternoon , past twilight and into full night . The next day , the sun would return . People hurried to churches to offer prayers of thanksgiving . Centuries later , scientists would surmise that the Day of Darkness -- widely known as New Engand 's Dark Day -- was the result of massive wildfires burning in the forests of Canada . Researchers from the University of Missouri postulated that the smoke from the fires was so thick and so deep in hue , so voluminous , that when , agonizingly slowly , it drifted over New England , it gave the illusion that the sun had died . Today some people may scoff at what might seem like gullibility on the part of those early Americans . But bear in mind that there were no telephones ; there was no radio or television ; there was no telegraph . People often lived far away from their nearest neighbor . They knew little of what , at a given moment , was happening outside the patch of land where they resided . The one thing a person could always count on -- that the sun would come up in the morning and stay up until evening -- suddenly could not be counted on at all . The Revolutionary War was still being fought . Those 13 British colonies on a sliver of the East Coast were the forerunners of what would become the 50 United States . So the citizens , many feeling completely isolated on the eastern edge of a continent that remained largely unexplored , might be excused for fearing the worst . The poet John Greenleaf Whittier would write of that day : "  Over the fresh earth and the heaven of noon , A horror of great darkness , like the night In day of which the Norland sagas tell , The Twilight of the Gods . The low-hung sky Was black with ominous clouds , save where its rim Was fringed with a dull glow , like that which climbs The crater 's sides from the red hell below . Birds ceased to sing , and all the barn-yard fowls Roosted ; the cattle at the pasture bars Lowed , and looked homeward ; bats on leathern wings Flitted abroad ; the sounds of labor died ; Men prayed , and women wept ; all ears grew sharp To hear the doom-blast of the trumpet shatter ... " So it was on May 19 , 1780 . On May 19 , 2013 , with all of our vaunted communication abilities -- 24-hour television news , universal cellphones , Twitter , Facebook , the all-but-countless ways to stay in touch -- would such an event merit merely a shrug ? Would we figure out within minutes what was transpiring , and why , and would we wait patiently for the sun to reappear ? Perhaps . But consider what happens when the power goes out -- when , without warning , we lose artificial light . Consider the confusion and anger and uncertainty that often commences . Would we really be calm and unconcerned if , just as suddenly , real light -- the sun 's light -- without notice went away ? Or would our cherished communications tools spread rumors of conspiracies and attacks and impending doom ? Would those tools create panic instead of prevent it ? Whittier , in his poem , wrote of the cessation of the day of darkness : "  And , shore-ward , o'er the waters gleamed , From crest to crest , a line of light , Such as of old , with solemn awe , The fishers by Gennesaret saw ... " Fear of the dark ; love of the light . Some things change as the years pass . Others , we are from time to time reminded , remain eternal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	On May 19 , 1780 , the skies over New England inexplicably turned black The day was pitch-black ; people panicked , prayed , thought it was the Day of Judgment Researchers believe that massive forest fires in Canada contributed Bob Greene asks : Would people today , knowing the cause , be as frightened ?
CNN  -- Forecasting future technology has never been easy . In the 1950s , scientists and technologists envisaged that by now the world would be free from disease , traversed by flying cars , and fueled by minerals from distant planets . Such visions , of course , have not come to pass . But then again , as recently as 10 years ago , few would have envisaged that 3D-printed food , bionic body parts and invisibility cloaks were just around the corner . So , in what areas will the next major breakthroughs occur ? Keeping in mind that prediction is more of an art than a science , CNN spoke to a host of design and technology experts -- from academics to magazine editors -- in search of what might well just be the shape of things to come . The Editor According to Marcus Fairs , editor-in-chief of influential design magazine Dezeen , the most high-impact developments over the next decade will be primarily in the areas of manufacturing and wearable technology . "  New digital design tech , 3D printing , robotics and the emerging field of 3D scanning , plus exponential leaps in manufacturing -- together , they are putting really powerful tools into the hands of individuals , " he says . "  In the same way that laptops revolutionized personal computing two decades ago and cheap video editing software did for film , so too there will now be a revolution in manufacturing . " For Fairs , wearable technologies such as Google Glass point to another major evolution in design : the disappearance of objects altogether . "  The broader movement in design no longer asks ` is something a nice object ? ' but rather ` how can we get rid of this completely ? ' " From wearable devices such as those being pioneered by sportswear manufacturer Nike , and Jawbone to digital tattoos and "  things that you can swallow that will check you out from inside ,  such as  a project that adds an artificial organ to help the body use water more sparingly " , Fairs believes the future could well be defined by objects almost disappearing entirely . The Curator Deyan Sudjic , the director of the Design Museum in London , controversially selected a simple website as the winning entry in the 2013 design awards . The government site GOV.UK won , he said , because of its dramatic subjugation of form beneath function : "  The overall winner this year is very interesting . It is apparently very simple , but it works beautifully . I think there is nothing more irritating than design that does n't work . " For Sudjic , the future of design is about how well an object fulfills its function , not just its aesthetic qualities . At the same time , Sudjic believes there is a revival of interest in physical objects , noting that 2012 was the first year in two decades that saw a rise in vinyl record sales . "  I see design trying to get to grips with both the longing people have for the physical world and those other more slippery digital developments . People are still interested in tangible experience  ...  You see that with the Makerbot , which is currently just making combs and shoehorns , but will soon be creating objects which are significantly more complicated . " The Designer Ross Lovegrove , an industrial designer whose work covers aviation , transport , timepieces , consumer electronics and everything in between , says that the future of technology requires complete understanding of material structure : "  You have to understand materials at a deep scientific or nano level . Once you get to that level and understand ... you can reconstitute anything . " Lovegrove points to the Nike Flyknits -- an ultralight shoe with a knitted construction -- as an example of how future design will draw heavily on the latest thinking in science , health and manufacturing . "  The way they are industrialized , the way they are woven . They put strength and structure where it is required . There are no aglets so they only need to be constructed with one material . They are so lightweight you hardly feel them . They promote ergonomic health in the way they adjust posture . " The Academic Professor Miles Pennington , Head of the Innovation Design Engineering programme at the Royal College of Art in London , thinks we are on the brink of huge technological change . "  Some people believe that there are no big leaps to come , but then people said in the 18th century that man could never travel more than 40 miles per-hour . " Pennington predicts that the next decades will bear witness to significant change . "  We are within 20 years of developing an artificial brain capable of matching our own ... Material developments in the nanotech field are starting to bear fruit ...  and so is  the field of synthetic biology , which can produce artificial muscle . " Is it possible to distinguish genuine technological contenders , from those that will only ever be the realm of science fiction ? Perhaps not . But Pennington suggests he will be able to "  answer that question in 50 years ' time , when I have got my feet up , sipping a cup of my GM tea grown in the Antarctic , in front of a fire powered by synthetic bacteria and hovering on a comfort-pad-chair using reverse-magnetic forces whilst reading a copy of Isaac Asimov 's latest novel  written by a quantum computer-cloned version of the man himself  . " In the meantime , he suggests we all sit back and enjoy the ride .	CNN spoke to a host of design and technology experts to see what future holds Key developments are in the field of wearable technology and 3D printing Best design is a marriage of technology , science and manufacturing techniques Digital tattoos and mind reading headphones give flavor of things to come
CNN  -- "  Planet in Peril : Battle Lines " traveled to a place off the coast of South Africa known as "  shark alley , " one of the best places in the world to see great white sharks . CNN traveled to "  shark alley " off the coast of South Africa , one of the best places in the world to see great whites . Shark tourism has become big business , bringing in more than $ 30 million every year to South Africa . The experience is a major draw for tourists , but it 's controversial . Local surfers and swimmers say it is changing shark behavior and may be causing more attacks . Anderson Cooper swam with these great white sharks -- without a cage -- as part of his report for "  Planet in Peril : Battle Lines . " He talked about the experience Thursday morning with "  American Morning " anchors John Roberts and Kiran Chetry . Anderson Cooper : We went diving with great white sharks . There is a big controversy over whether or not these cage tour operators are actually changing sharks ' behavior . They chum the water to attract the sharks , tourists get in the water , and so we had the opportunity to go cage diving and also to go free diving with the sharks , which is a pretty rare thing . There 's not many people on the planet who actually do it , probably for very smart reasons . You 'll see that tonight on "  Planet in Peril . " Actually , swimming with great white sharks without a cage , which is among the most remarkable experiences of my life , I 've got to say . Anderson dives with great whites " Kiran Chetry : What do they call that , a free dive with sharks ? Cooper : Yeah , we went free diving with the sharks . The water is chummed with blood , so it 's bloody water , and I was just about to get in , and I turned to the guy and said , "  Do you have any recommendations ? ' " And he said , "  Project confidence . " See how great white sharks are lured to the surface " Chetry : There you go . Thanks . John Roberts : He also told you not to breathe , right , because they do n't like the noise of the bubbles ? Cooper : Right , they do n't like air bubbles . Roberts : So , meantime you 're down there hyperventilating . Cooper : It 's all well and good to say "  OK , do n't take a breath , " but your heart is beating so fast when a huge great white shark is close to you , that you ca n't hold your breath . So I was actually breathing more and causing more air bubbles . And the sharks open up their mouths and extend their jaws when they 're nervous , and that makes me very nervous . Roberts : You 're reminded of when Roy Scheider -LSB- in the movie "  Jaws " -RSB- said , "  We 're gon na need a bigger boat . " Cooper : For me , I think it was , "  I need to get back in the boat . "	Anderson Cooper went free diving with great white sharks in South Africa Before entering bloody water , guide advised Cooper to "  project confidence " Cooper : Shark dive was "  among the most remarkable experiences of my life "
Wall-E or Johnny 5 ? Or how about loyal "  Jetsons " maid Rosie ? Which of those fictional robots deserves a space in the Robot Hall of Fame ? Or in the real world , how about the robots that troops use to dispose of bombs , or one that 's made it all the way to the International Space Station ? For the first time , you get to help decide . Created in 2003 at Carnegie Mellon University , the Robot Hall of Fame recognizes excellence in robotics technology , both real and fictional . So far , the hall has honored 21 robots , including such robo-stalwarts as NASA 's Mars Sojourner , Honda 's ASIMO and R2-D2 and C-3PO from "  Star Wars . " This year , the public gets to vote on who 's inducted . "  The technology and art of robotics are advancing at an increasingly rapid rate and so the Robot Hall of Fame also must evolve , " said Shirley Saldamarco , the hall 's director and a faculty member at Carnegie Mellon 's Entertainment Technology Center . "  As more students , workers and consumers become accustomed to robots , it seems like a natural step to give the public a voice in selecting inductees . " Five robots we wish were real ... and five we 're glad are n't Members of the Robot Hall of Fame are showcased in "  Roboworld , " a $ 3.5 million exhibit at the Carnegie Science Center in Pittsburgh . The center calls it "  the world 's largest and most comprehensive permanent robotics exhibition . " Visitors to the museum 's website may vote for one of three nominees in each of four categories . The categories , and nominees , are : Education & Consumer • Aldebaran Robotics ' NAO , a 22-inch-tall humanoid that is used worldwide in education ; • iRobot 's Create , a programmable robot based on the company 's popular robotic vacuum cleaner , Roomba ; • VEX Robotics Design System , a kit for designing and building robots that is widely used in the classroom and competitions . Entertainment • WALL-E , the garbage-collector robot who 's the hero of Pixar 's 2008 animated sci-fi film of the same name ; • Johnny 5 , a prototype military robot that learns to embrace life in the 1986 science-fiction comedy "  Short Circuit " ; • Rosie , a maid robot with motherly qualities that took care of a human family on "  The Jetsons , " a Hanna-Barbera animated sitcom first broadcast on ABC in 1962 . Read more about robots on CNN 's What 's Next blog Industrial & Service • iRobot 's PackBot , which performs bomb disposal and other dangerous assignments for the U.S. military ; • Amazon-owned Kiva System 's autonomous warehouse robots , which speed the processing of customer orders ; • Jason , a remotely operated undersea vehicle designed and built by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution , which has explored hydrothermal vents in the Pacific , Atlantic and Indian Oceans . Research • BigDog , a four-legged robot the size of a small mule , which was developed by Boston Dynamics for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency to maneuver with heavy loads over rough terrain ; • PR2 , a two-armed robot built by Willow Garage that can navigate human environments and has the dexterity to grasp and manipulate objects ; • Robonaut , a dexterous , two-armed robot developed by NASA 's Johnson Space Center to help humans work in space ; the latest version , Robonaut 2 , was launched to the International Space Station in February 2011 . The robots nominated were selected by a group of 107 robotics professionals , researchers and others . This year 's four inductees will be decided half by public vote and half by the committee of voters . Winners will be announced October 23 at a ceremony at the Carnegie Science Center . Public voting is open until September 30 . How roboticists construct their creations	The public can vote on this year 's inductees to the Robot Hall of Fame The hall , at Carnegie Mellon University , honors both real and fictional robots Previous inductees include NASA 's Mars Sojourner , C-3PO and R2-D2 Voting , at the hall 's website , is open until September 30
CNN  -- "  Hobbit " mania is in full swing in New Zealand this week , where all three of the Peter Jackson-directed movies based on the work of J.R.R. Tolkien were filmed . Wellington International Airport has unveiled a new installation featuring two realistic "  great eagles " from the "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug , " the second in the trilogy . The film 's world premier will take place on December 2 in Los Angeles . Meanwhile , Air New Zealand is showing off a new livery featuring the title character on one of its planes . The airport 's new sculptures were created by Wellington 's Weta Workshop -- the same team that built props and designed physical effects for "  The Hobbit " and "  The Lord of the Rings " trilogies . Each eagle weighs approximately one ton , with a wingspan of 15 feet . The wizard Gandalf is depicted riding on one of the eagles . "  We were thrilled to return and create another installation for Wellington Airport , " said Weta 's Richard Taylor , who oversaw the project . "  What could be more suitable for an airport in Middle Earth than Gandalf the Grey atop a great eagle swooping into the terminal , such an evocative image from ` The Hobbit ' and a fantastic and challenging project for our artists to design and build . " The giant eagles appeared at the end of the previous Hobbit movie , "  An Unexpected Journey , " and twice in "  The Lord of the Rings . " They act as aids to Gandalf and his companions , rescuing them from the bleakest of circumstances . That they 're now being displayed in celebration of the upcoming film , "  The Desolation of Smaug , " suggests that the eagles will yet play other parts in "  The Hobbit " trilogy . The sculpture joins an existing installation featuring Gollum fishing for trout , which is suspended above the airport 's food court . It 's become a tourist attraction , with visitors driving to the airport just to take photos beneath it . Air New Zealand 's new Hobbit livery Over the weekend , Air New Zealand -- also working with Weta -- unveiled a new livery on one of the airline 's Boeing 777-300s . The livery features the dragon known as Smaug stretched out along the plane . This is the first time the full design of the highly anticipated character has been released to the public . "  To see Smaug fly off the big screen and into the skies like this is pretty exciting , " said director Peter Jackson in a statement . "  We 're proud to debut him here in New Zealand , where our team has worked so hard to bring him to life . " Air New Zealand also recently released a new Hobbit-themed commercial starring Dean O'Gorman  Fili the dwarf  and the voice of Sylvester McCoy  the wizard Radagast  , continuing its history of using the films to promote New Zealand . Last year , for the world premier of the first Hobbit film , Air New Zealand teamed up with Weta to design a Hobbit-themed livery for one of its Boeing 777-300 aircraft , which it used to transport the actors back to New Zealand and then buzz the crowds along the red carpet later with a flyby . Since the first film debuted , Air New Zealand has offered Hobbit-themed flights and put out a popular Hobbit flight-safety video using cast members and other actors in costumes . The airline is currently screening the extended edition of "  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey " on all international flights . Capitalizing on the films ' fame Weta has long been the public face of New Zealand 's movie capital , Wellington . While its main workshop is n't open to the public , an adjoining Weta Cave in the suburb of Miramar is open for visitors , offering a mini-museum and behind the scenes documentary screening , as well as movie prop reproductions for purchase . The "  Window Into Workshop " is a separate tour that allows visitors to watch Weta artists work on art pieces , view more of the actual props used in "  Lord of the Rings " and other films and learn about the process of creating props for the film industry . Hobbit madness does n't stop there . Last year the city of Wellington was redecorated and temporarily renamed The Middle of Middle Earth , hosting a red-carpet event for the world premiere of "  The Hobbit " that ran through the city . While it wo n't host the world premiere this year , there are still several parties and advance screenings planned around town . Meanwhile , Tourism New Zealand and Warner Brothers have teamed up for "  The Book of New Zealand " in Hollywood , a five-day VIP publicity event to market the new Hobbit film and New Zealand as a film location destination . The large display features four reassembled film sets from the movie , and will be open to fans on December 4 only . Following its December 2 world premiere in Los Angeles , "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug " will open in New Zealand on December 9 .	Wellington International Airport unveils sculpture of "  great eagles " from "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug " Air New Zealand unveils its own ode to the film -- a new livery featuring the dragon Smaug All three films in the "  Hobbit " trilogy were shot in New Zealand
Los Angeles  CNN  -- When Haiti suffered a massive earthquake two years ago , many people responded by donating money . Jake Wood responded with a Facebook post . "  I 'm going to Haiti . Who 's in ? " wrote the former U.S. Marine . The images Wood was seeing on the news reminded him of his tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan . He realized that the skills he had acquired in the service , including the ability to adapt to difficult conditions , work with limited resources and maintain security in a dangerous environment , were sorely needed . "  Those are just lessons that you work at every single day in Falluja , " said Wood , 28 . "  To a veteran , it 's second nature . " Wood wanted to help , and he persuaded his college roommate , a firefighter , to join him . Within minutes of seeing Wood 's Facebook post , another friend and former Marine , William McNulty , signed on . Interest quickly snowballed , and soon donations poured into Wood 's PayPal account . Three days later , he and seven others were in the Dominican Republic , heading into neighboring Haiti with medicine and equipment . Over the next three weeks , more than 60 volunteers -- mainly from medical or military backgrounds -- followed Wood 's lead and made their way to the stricken country to join his group . They set up triage centers in camps , treating whoever they could , and helped ferry people to hospitals . Wood estimates they helped thousands of Haitians . They called their group Team Rubicon , in reference to the phrase "  crossing the Rubicon , " which means passing a point of no return . The moniker turned out to be appropriate . Wood had planned for the trip to be a one-time mission . But during their time in Haiti , he and McNulty became aware that they were on to something . "  We realized we were more effective than many organizations that were down there with us , " Wood said . "  We also realized that most organizations were n't engaging vets on their own . So we said , ` Let 's try to improve this . ' " Team Rubicon became a nonprofit , and Wood has never looked back . In the past two years , he says , the group has built an army of more than 1,400 volunteers -- 80 % of them military veterans -- who respond to disasters and help those in need . The team has conducted 14 missions . It ran triage clinics after the Chile earthquake and the flooding in Pakistan . It traveled to Sudan and Myanmar to help people caught in regional conflicts . And last year , it removed debris and assisted in search-and-rescue missions following tornadoes in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , and Joplin , Missouri . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes Disaster relief requires springing into action quickly , and Team Rubicon prides itself on being fast to deploy . Senior team members monitor severe weather alerts via Twitter , and when a storm is brewing , they notify volunteers in that region to make sure it 's on their radar . When the decision is made to deploy , the team quickly establishes a roster of needs online so volunteers can sign up . "  We 'll tell them where to be , when , etc. " Wood said . "  For instance , we 'll meet up , convoy in ,  and  link up with the emergency operations center . " Wood never envisioned himself running a nonprofit . After graduating in 2005 from the University of Wisconsin , where he also played football , Wood enlisted in the Marines and completed two combat tours . When his military obligation was up , he intended to go to business school . But a couple of weeks after he finished filling out his applications , the earthquake hit Haiti . ' A reason to come together ' From the beginning , Wood and McNulty believed that using veterans to respond to disasters made a lot of sense . But over time , they realized that the missions were also benefiting the veterans themselves , giving them a sense of purpose and self-worth that they often lose when they transition to civilian life . Wood believes that today 's veterans enjoy the fellowship that comes from giving back . "  Being able to help people and be a part of a team once again ... I think gives them some of  what  they were missing , " Wood said . "  They are almost recharged . " Wood realized the importance of this after a personal loss in April 2011 . His best friend , Clay Hunt -- a fellow veteran and Team Rubicon volunteer -- committed suicide . Hunt had suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder and survivor 's guilt . It was a shock to Wood , as Hunt seemed to be adjusting well . He was literally a poster boy for returning veterans , appearing in a public-service announcement for a veterans advocacy group . "  It was tremendously difficult to feel like I had let him down , knowing that we had survived two wars together but that when things were easy and it had come to peace , that I was n't there enough for him , " Wood said . "  That has been a very tough battle for me , dealing with that . " Hunt 's death made Wood realize how critically important the connections are that Team Rubicon enables veterans to build with each other . It also made the group refocus its own mission : Instead of being a disaster relief organization that uses veterans , Team Rubicon is now a veterans support organization that uses disasters as opportunities for continued service . "  We 're giving them a reason to come together ... and that community lasts long after the mission , " Wood said . "  Right now , Team Rubicon is focused on how we can ... get them involved in as many ways as possible . " The approach seems to be working . Nicole Green served in the Air Force for four years , working as an intelligence officer in Iraq from 2003 to 2004 . For her , finding Team Rubicon has been life-changing . "  When I got out of the military , it was very stressful , " she said . "  You feel alone . You meet people who do n't understand your background . " Green volunteered for the group 's first domestic mission , in Tuscaloosa . She enjoyed it so much that she helped out in Joplin less than a month later . "  I felt that I was doing something meaningful with my life again ... using a lot of the same skills , but in a way that  was  constructive instead of destructive , " Green said . "  And I was with other people who understood me ... focused on a common goal . That was really a great feeling . " Team Rubicon is working with several veterans organizations to recruit more volunteers , and Wood is aiming to have 10,000 on its roster by the end of the year . The group is also working on ways to keep volunteers engaged once they sign up by doing service projects at home and abroad . Wood believes that giving veterans a chance to give back is a formula for success , and he 's determined to bring his message to as many people as he can . "  There 's no limit to what veterans can do . ... They 've already proven that they want to serve ... and when they come home , a lot of them still want to do it , " he said . "  It 's a win-win situation . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Team Rubicon website at teamrubiconusa.org and see how to help .	Jake Wood started Team Rubicon to help those in need after natural disasters Most of the group 's 1,400 volunteers are military veterans who still want to serve The nonprofit also gives veterans a chance to connect and feel part of a team Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
Lausanne , Switzerland  CNN  There are plenty of details left to iron out , but negotiators took a significant step Thursday toward a landmark deal aimed at keeping Iran 's nuclear program peaceful . After a marathon stretch of late-night negotiations in Lausanne , Switzerland , diplomats announced they 'd come up with the framework for an agreement that 's been months in the making . Iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98 % and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges , according to the plan . In exchange , the United States and the European Union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country 's economy . "  It is a good deal , a deal that meets our core objectives , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a speech from the White House Rose Garden . "  This framework would cut off every pathway that Iran could take to develop a nuclear weapon . " The deal would include strict verification measures to make sure Iran complies , he said . "  If Iran cheats , " Obama said , "  the world will know it . " Key points of the deal The world powers involved in the talks with Iran were the United States , Russia , China , France , the United Kingdom and Germany . For the United States and Iran , two countries with a long history of strained relations , the negotiations took on an added significance . Just two years ago , they had n't talked with each other officially in nearly four decades . "  I think there was a seriousness of purpose , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told CNN in an interview shortly after the framework was announced . "  People negotiated hard . It was tough , very intense at times , sometimes emotional and confrontational . It was a very intensive process , because the stakes are very high , and because there is a long history of not talking to each other . For 35 years , we have n't talked with the Iranians directly like this . " On Thursday , Iranian state television broadcast Obama 's speech live , something many Iranians described as unprecedented . Some Iranians marked the historic moment in U.S.-Iranian relations on Twitter by sharing "  selfies " of themselves in front of the live Obama speech . But U.S. leaders were still talking tough , even as they praised the agreement . Kerry stressed that if a final deal is reached with Iran , the removal of any sanctions against Tehran will come in phases . "  And if we find out at any point that Iran is not complying with the agreement , the sanctions can snap back into place , " he said . Iran did n't seem to be changing its tune , either . "  Iran-U.S. relations had nothing to do with this . This was an attempt to resolve the nuclear issue . ... We have serious differences with the United States , " Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said after the deal 's framework was announced , noting that "  mutual mistrust " had been a serious problem in the talks . The preliminary agreement will not put an end to Iran 's enrichment activities , Zarif said . "  None of those measures include closing any of our facilities . The proud people of Iran would never accept that , " he said . But he said Iran will abide by the agreement , which would limit enrichment activities to one location , he said . 21 questions on Iranian nuclear talks But work on the deal is n't finished . There 's a June 30 deadline for coming up with a final agreement . In the United States , the Obama administration could face an uphill battle selling the deal to a skeptical Congress , which has threatened to impose new sanctions on Iran . Already , there were rumblings of the looming political fight . Kerry said he did n't believe Congress would block the deal , telling CNN it "  would be very irresponsible to make politics trump facts and science and the realities of what is possible here . " House Speaker John Boehner said in a statement that he was planning to stand strong and press the administration with tough questions . "  The President says negotiators have cleared the basic threshold needed to continue talks , but the parameters for a final deal represent an alarming departure from the White House 's initial goals , " he said , arguing that Congress must review details of a deal before any sanctions are lifted . Obama warned leaders of Congress not to stop the deal . "  If Congress kills this deal not based on expert analysis and without offering any reasonable alternative , then it 's the United States that will be blamed for the failure of diplomacy , " Obama said . "  International unity will collapse . " Obama maintains the deal would shut down Iran 's path to getting a nuclear bomb . But Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says the opposite is true . "  Such a deal would not block Iran 's path to the bomb . It would pave it , " he said in a statement . "  It would increase the risks of nuclear proliferation in the region and the risks of a horrific war . " Netanyahu has been lobbying against an agreement since the talks began , warning U.S. lawmakers in a congressional address last month that Iran ca n't be trusted . Israeli government officials vowed to continue their push against what they called "  a poor framework that will lead to a bad and dangerous agreement . " "  If an agreement is reached on the basis of this framework , it will result in a historic mistake that will make the world a far more dangerous place , " the Israeli officials said in a statement . "  This framework gives international legitimacy to Iran 's nuclear program that aims only to produce nuclear bombs . " Obama said that he was reaching out to Netanyahu to explain and defend the tentative framework . "  If , in fact , Prime Minister Netanyahu is looking for the most effective way to ensure that Iran does n't get a nuclear weapon , this is the best option , " Obama said . Negotiations between Iran and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- China , France , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States -- plus Germany began in 2006 and have had a tortured history . Over the past nine years , the push and pull over Iran 's nuclear program produced a bewildering array of proposals . Meanwhile , as talks dragged on , the United States , the European Union and others imposed sanctions on Iran , provoking resentment among Tehran 's leaders , who called the sanctions a crime against humanity . The challenge all along was twofold : To assure the international community that Iran could not develop nuclear weapons  which it denied in any event that it was doing  ; and to accommodate the country 's assertion of its right -- as a signer of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons -- to enrich nuclear fuel for civilian purposes . The broad outlines of a deal seem to have been clear for some time . But the devil was in the details , and the numbers , timing , sequencing and verification procedures proved devilishly difficult to resolve . Until now . The 2013 election of Hassan Rouhani , a political moderate , to Iran 's presidency infused the talks with new hope , though questions lingered over whether he could persuade the country 's hard-liners to accept an agreement . U.S. leaders also were divided over the agreement as envisioned . In a March 9 letter signed by 47 Republican U.S. senators , Iran 's leaders were warned that any deal not approved by the Senate could immediately be revoked by President Barack Obama 's successor in 2017 . Democrats denounced the sending of such a letter to foreign leaders as an unprecedented intervention in negotiations between the administration and another country . And Iran 's leaders also dismissed the letter . CNN 's Elise Labott reported from Lausanne and Mariano Castillo and Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta . CNN 's Don Melvin , Mark Bixler , Cynde Strand , Sarah Aarthun , Jedd Rosche , Jethro Mullen , Greg Botelho and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	Netanyahu says a deal would pave the way for Iran to get a nuclear bomb Iran 's enrichment capacity and stockpile will be limited , diplomats say Talks were tough , intense and "  sometimes emotional and confrontational , " Kerry says
CNN  -- He did n't win , but Tiger Woods showed why he is still the No. 1 drawcard in golf with a brave bid for victory at The Barclays tournament Sunday . He had been tied for the lead after three birdies on his opening nine holes , but a recurrence of his back injury seemed to have scuppered his chances of a sixth PGA Tour title this season . The American crumpled to his knees in pain after sending an approach shot into the murky water hazard at 13 , and he registered a bogey before dropping another shot at 15 . However , he birdied the next two holes to give himself a chance of a playoff against clubhouse leader Adam Scott , but his 27-foot putt from the fringe stopped an inch short of the hole . A grim-faced Woods received a standing ovation from the gallery crowd at Liberty National in Jersey City , before explaining how his back had gone into "  spasm " even before the 13th . The problem started before the tournament , caused by a "  too soft " mattress at the hotel where he was staying . "  I had a chance . I hit a good putt . I thought I made it . It was a little double-breaker and I thought I had it , " said the 37-year-old , who remained top of the FedEx Cup playoff standings after finishing tied for second with U.S. Open winner Justin Rose , Canada 's Graham DeLaet and American Gary Woodland . Rose could also have made a playoff , but surprisingly three-putted at the last for bogey and a final round of three-under 68 . Woodland also had a chance , but the joint third-round leader could only par as he closed with a disappointing 73 . DeLaet surged up the leaderboard with a seven-birdie 65 , but it was not enough to beat Scott as the Masters champion prevailed on 11-under after a flawless 66 to claim the $ 1.44 million first prize . Scott , whose caddy Steve Williams helped Woods to many of his successes , said his turning point had been three late birdies on Saturday . "  I 'd been playing like a dog , " he said . "  I do n't know if it 's been my best golf since the Masters , but I played consistently well to win here . " Scott , who also had top-five finishes at the British Open and PGA Championship , moved up to second in the FedEx Cup standings ahead of the next event in Boston -- the Deutsche Bank Championship this coming week , which features the top 100 players . British Open champion Phil Mickelson finished two shots off the Australian on 275 following his 65 , which left him tied for sixth with fellow Americans D.A. Points and Jim Furyk . The veteran left-hander moved up to third in the playoff standings . Matt Kuchar , who won the tournament in 2010 , dropped back from sharing the third-round lead to a tie for 19th . His birdie at the last was mere consolation after a triple-bogey seven at the ninth and five other dropped holes . The 35-year-old slumped to fifth in the standings , from second .	Adam Scott wins The Barclays by one shot after a dramatic final round World No. 1 Tiger Woods ties for second place after a brave effort He overcomes back spasms to set up chance for playoff However , as with other contenders , Woods ' chances end at final hole
CNN  -- Mexican authorities are still unraveling the horrors allegedly committed on nearly 500 children sheltered at "  La Gran Familia " refuge in the western state of Michoacan . At The Big Family shelter , scores of children -- some as young as two months old -- were denied visits from their parents , virtually imprisoned in vermin-infested quarters and routinely subjected to physical , psychological and sexual abuse , authorities said . Authorities raided the sprawling , squalid shelter in the city of Zamora Tuesday after a number of parents complained about being denied access to their children , Mexican Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karan told reporters . "  We found close to 500 children in truly deplorable conditions , " Murillo said . Victims told investigators that children were routinely forced to beg for money on the streets , eat unsanitary food and sleep on hard floors crawling with rats and roaches , Murillo said . It was not clear from Mexican authorities how so many children -- along with some adults -- came to be at the shelter . The operator of the shelter , Rosa del Carmen Verduzco , was detained along with eight of her employees , authorities said . They were being questioned in connection with abuse and other charges . "  This is truly upsetting , " Michoacan governor Salvador Jara Guerrero told reporters . "  We did not expect to find such conditions ... We must not allow these things to occur -- not in Michoacan , not in the republic . " Tomas Zeron de Lucio , chief investigator with the attorney general 's office , said babies born at the shelter were allegedly registered under Verduzco 's name . The biological parents were told that the babies would be allowed to leave when they came of age . One victim told investigators that she asked Verduzco permission to leave the home when she turned 18 but was kept there as a worker for an additional 13 years , Zeron de Lucio said . The victim said she gave birth to two daughters while living at the shelter and both were registered under another name , Zeron de Lucio said . She was allowed to see the girls for three hours every two months . During her last meeting with Verduzco , the victim told investigators , she offered the shelter operator about 10,000 Mexican pesos -- or about $ 750 -- to get her daughters back . "  Get the money together , " Verduzco reportedly told her , "  and give me a call . " Authorities were working to rid the shelter of rats , bedbugs and roaches because there was no other place to immediately move the scores of children on short notice . "  Right now , we 're undertaking an exhaustive cleaning because there were bedbugs , roaches and rats even in the food , " Maria Ampudio , who works with a charitable organization , told CNN Wednesday . "  The food given to the children was spoiled and outdated . " Ampudio said some girls reported being thrown to the ground and kicked in the head . The shelter , which houses people ranging from newborns to 40 years of age , had been in operation for more than 40 years , authorities said . The majority of the minors are between 3 and 17 years of age -- 278 are male and 174 female . There were 138 adults from 18 to 40 years of age also at the schedule . Also recovered were six babies and toddlers . The website of "  La Gran Familia " shelter said Verduzco started caring for abandoned children when she herself was a teenager . She later worked as a grade school teacher and earned a meager living to care for her charges . The children , the website said , helped raise money by selling newspapers and sweets in the town square . Verduzco later left her charges in the care of a poor , elderly woman , according to the website . She moved to Mexico City to work with a charitable foundation , where she cared for 33 children and sent money back to Zamora . She later returned to Michoacan to start La Gran Familia , which housed more than 4,000 children over the years , according to the website . CNN 's Fidel Gutierrez contributed to this report .	Mexican authorities found nearly 500 children living in squalor at a refuge in Michoacan state The children were subjected to physical , psychological and sexual abuse , authorities say The operator of the shelter was detained along with eight of her employees Michoacan governor Salvador Jara Guerrero : "  We must not allow these things to occur "
CNN  -- Much of the focus this week at the Electronic Entertainment Expo , the video game industry 's big annual trade show , will be on Microsoft and Sony , which both have new game consoles coming in time for the holiday shopping season . But the spotlight inside the Los Angeles Convention Center wo n't be so much on the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 as what 's really important : the games themselves . With these two next-generation consoles on the near horizon , game developers are in a transitional period between the new devices and the ones that people enjoy in their homes right now . Many of the titles featured during E3 may be playable immediately , with a next-gen option down the road . Sony is bringing more than 40 games for its PS3 and handheld PSVita as well as the forthcoming PS4 . "  Beyond : Two Souls , " "  Gran Turismo 6 " and "  Killzone : Shadow Fall " are just a few of the much-anticipated titles it 'll be featuring . And Bungie , creators of the popular "  Halo " franchise , will show gameplay from "  Destiny , " a new game . "  People want to see games , and we are hopefully going to bring a game that people will love , " said Eric Osborne , senior writer for "  Destiny " and the head of community for Bungie , the game 's developer . "  We 've worked really hard , and bleary eyes are starting to give way to smiles . It 's just really exciting for us . You always wonder what people are going to say . " Microsoft purposefully split its Xbox One announcement into two parts so it could focus exclusively on games during E3 -- specifically , the 15 exclusive franchises it has promised for the first year of Xbox One . The company announced Monday that the Xbox One will cost $ 499 and go on sale in 21 countries in November . While it might appear Nintendo is scaling down its E3 efforts by not holding a showcase event , the game company actually has more events planned than usual . It also is appealing directly to consumers by focusing specifically on its software lineup and letting them play new game demos at select Best Buy stores in North America . Ubisoft is another publisher with one foot in the present and one in the future . It will be showing off more of "  Assassin 's Creed IV : Black Flag , " a title due out in October for all current consoles  PS3 , Xbox 360 , Wii  . The company will also provide a little taste of its next-gen offering , "  Watch Dogs , " at E3 . Yannis Mallat , CEO of Ubisoft Montreal Studio , said his company did n't wait around for details on the new consoles but began development on its game years ago with an eye to what could be . Mallat said he believes all that advance planning is going to pay off and people will see the results during the show . Other companies are also looking forward to getting their titles on the E3 global stage . And it would n't feel like a complete E3 without a new "  Call of Duty " or "  Battlefield " game . "  Call of Duty : Ghosts "  Infinity Ward/Activision  , the 10th in the blockbuster franchise , will be playable on current and future consoles . "  Battlefield 4 "  DICE/Electronic Arts  will give gamers a first look at its multiplayer mode at E3 . Gamers also are looking forward to getting their hands on "  Metal Gear Solid V : The Phantom Pain "  Konami  , "  Duck Tales : Remastered "  Capcom  , "  Batman : Arkham Origins "  Warner Bros. . Interactive Entertainment  and the latest funky installment from "  Saints Row 4 "  Volition/Deep Silver  . Pete Hines , vice president of public relations and marketing for Bethesda Softworks , said that his company and others must strike a balance between serving their current fan base  with "  The Elder Scrolls Online "  and developing games such as "  Wolfenstein : The New Order " for future consoles . "  We 're still developing games for what is essentially a moving target , " Hines said . "  I think it is going to be a very fun E3 because it is going to be all about the games and very little talk about some of the other stuff . " Disney also will be making a splash at E3 with "  Disney Infinity , " a new entry into the toy figurine/video game genre made popular by the "  Skylanders " franchise . Gamers will be able to play with their favorite Disney and Pixar characters in a video game as well as the toy figurines . Activision is n't letting Disney walk all over its turf though . Its "  Skylanders SWAP Force " will be on display , offering new innovation for the genre . In this game , interchangeable halves of characters will challenge players ' creativity while effectively doubling the number of characters you can play in the game . E3 's trade-show floor opens at noon PT Tuesday and runs through Thursday . It was first held in 1995 and is traditionally a media-only event , although many fans find ways to get in .	Electronic Entertainment Expo is the year 's premier video game conference and trade show E3 kicks off in Los Angeles with events by Microsoft , Sony and others This year 's show will focus on new games for the upcoming Xbox One and PS4 consoles
CNN  -- Utah multimillionaire Jon Huntsman Sr. said Friday the Salt Lake City cancer center that bears his name will get a $ 100 million addition , half of which is coming from his family . The 220,000-square-foot addition will be used to find cures for childhood cancers , and will double the Huntsman Cancer Institute 's research space , said the 76-year-old businessman and philanthropist , father of former Republican presidential candidate Jon Huntsman Jr. . Patients who are treated at the cancer center are teamed up with cancer specialists as well as researchers who are trying to find better ways to treat and , hopefully , cure them . The new laboratories will be used to further study genetic childhood cancers and cancers that affect families , including the three leading causes of disease death in children : leukemia , sarcoma and brain cancer . "  The only way to make progress on cancer is to keep delving deeper and deeper in the research technology . " says Huntsman . Cancer claims about 550,000 lives a year , something Americans have accepted as a way of life . But they would not accept losing 550,000 soldiers on the battlefield each year , he adds . "  The private sector should do more ; the government should do more , " says Huntsman . Huntsman says he wants to die broke because "  you ca n't spend money after you die . " His family "  has put about $ 400 million into the cancer center , and we 've raised about a billion dollars for cancer research  overall  , " he says . For the latest expansion , "  the family is putting about half of it up , " he says . He raised the rest of the funds from donors like The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . The Utah Legislature and other major hospital groups in the area also contributed . Four-time cancer survivor gives back Huntsman 's riches grew out of a small plastics company he founded in the early 1970s . "  A small team that worked with me -- we invented the Big Mac hamburger container , " he says . After selling that company , he founded Huntsman Chemical Corp. . But long before he became a billionaire , Huntsman believed in spreading his wealth . "  There 's just a certain joy in your heart to be able to help somebody else -- even when you 're struggling , " he says . "  When my wife and I made only $ 300 a month as a naval officer right out of college and I had debts to pay , we always gave $ 50 a month away to charity in addition to our tithing , " he says . "  It was just something that in my heart I 've always believed , that if you are generous and help others , you 'll be blessed in your own life . And more importantly , it 's just the right thing to do . " Huntsman spent more than a decade on the Forbes billionaire list , but he 's fallen off it due to his many contributions -- something he 's fine with . So far , he and his family have donated more than $ 1.2 billion to thousands of charities and individuals in the United States and abroad , and he 's dedicated his life and fortune to curing cancer . That dedication goes back decades . Huntsman 's mother , who taught him about the importance of giving , died from cancer , as did his father and stepmother . Huntsman himself has also battled cancer , and has survived prostate cancer , mouth cancer and two types of skin cancer . According to the National Cancer Institute , one or two children develop cancer for every 10,000 children in the United States . While progress has been made in treating and curing children with cancer , it 's still the leading cause of death by disease among U.S. children ages 1 to 14 .	The Huntsman Cancer Center is getting a $ 100 million addition The Huntsman family is putting up about half , says Jon Huntsman Sr. . The expansion will be used to research and treat childhood cancers
SANTA CRUZ , Bolivia  CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales on Monday accused a U.S. diplomat of contacting opposition groups , declared him "  persona non grata " and ordered he be expelled . "  Francisco Martinez , a Mexican-U.S. citizen , was in permanent contact with opposition groups during the whole era of conspiracy , " the leftist president said . "  He was the U.S. embassy person who contacted ex-police officers , " Morales told reporters , according to The Associated Press , whose tape of the speech was broadcast on CNN en Espanol . "  The times of the colony will end in Latin America , " Morales vowed to reporters . "  We are in profound transformation . " Martinez was identified in media reports as the second secretary at the embassy in La Paz , Bolivia 's capital . Heidi Bronke , a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department 's Western Hemisphere Affairs bureau , acknowledged the move , but said it had not been communicated through diplomatic channels . "  We reject the accusations made by the government of Bolivia , " she said . "  This decision is unwarranted and unjustified . It is inconsistent with recent statements by the government of Bolivia expressing a desire to improve bilateral relations . " Morales ' move comes six months after he declared U.S. Ambassador Philip Goldberg persona non grata for allegedly having encouraged anti-government demonstrators to violence . Goldberg denied the charge . Journalist Gloria Carrasco contributed to this story from Santa Cruz , Bolivia	Bolivian President Evo Morales expels U.S. diplomat Francisco Martinez identified in media reports as second secretary Diplomat "  contacted ex-police officers , " said Morales U.S. State Department rejects accusations , says spokeswoman Heidi Bronke
CNN  -- The Brits called it the "  Great War . " To the Yanks , it was the "  World War . " No one wanted to think there could be a second . Though World War I , which began 100 years ago next month , devastated lives and landscapes , its effect on language was almost paradoxically positive . It spawned hundreds of new words and popularized scores of old ones . Many of them survive today -- there are "  cooties , " "  camouflage , " "  scrounge " and "  dud , " for example -- but many have lost their once-widely recognized associations with the war that was hoped would "  end war . " Total war , as the world twice found out in the past century , is a turbulent time . It is for language , too . As new concerns , new methods , new technologies and new experiences multiply , vocabulary by necessity tries to keep up . Obscure old words can get a new lease on life . World War I gave the English language new terms as varied as "  blimp " and "  Boches " and "  devil dog " and even "  D-Day . " It popularized military slang like "  doughboy " and "  fed up . " It dragooned older terms for wider application , such as "  Yank " and "  no-man 's land . " Some words prominent in 1914-18 have pretty much fallen from use . Others remain as well-known as the war 's idealistic slogans , like H. G. Wells ' call for "  a war to end wars " and Woodrow Wilson 's to make the world "  safe for democracy . " As a multilingual war , it promptly enriched the English language with terms of international origin . Air reconnaissance made military and naval "  camouflage , " another French word , a necessity . The same might be said of the French 75 cocktail , named for the war 's most effective artillery piece . And historians writing in English still use the Gallic "  poilu " for a French combat soldier and "  Boches " for the Germans . Older terms and nicknames sometimes gained new popularity that guaranteed they 'd remain in English long after soldiers returned home . George M. Cohan 's smash hit "  Over There "  1917  was the catchiest American patriotic song ever , and when he wrote that "  The Yanks are coming , " he followed the British , not the American , use of the Civil War term to encompass all Americans , north and south of the Mason-Dixon Line . "  Doughboy " was a new one on most people , but it had meant an infantryman since the Mexican-American War of the 1840s , for no very clear reason ; now , it 's the usual synonym for the American soldier of the First World War . "  Leatherneck , " which also looked new but was n't , denoted the U.S. Marine , whose 19th-century uniform had featured a high leather collar that sailors ridiculed . Opinion : How a century-old war affects you A Wisconsin newspaper claimed in 1918 that the Germans thought American Marines fought like Teufelhunden , or "  devil dogs " ; the supposedly German word sounds ersatz , but the English version is still heard in the Corps .  Sailors were "  gobs " ; fliers were "  birdmen " ; pals were "  buddies " : all pre-war , all truly mainstream for the first time in 1914-18 .  "  G.I. , " which meant only "  galvanized iron " and "  government issue " in World War I , eventually became the World War II term for a U.S. soldier . The everyday life of those soldiers spawned many words and expressions . When kids talk of "  cooties , " they do n't realize what everyone knew by 1918 : It was a new term for lice , which burrowed into the clothes of any and all who served on the front lines . "  Chow , " for food , owes its popularity mostly to the U.S. military of World War I. From the British came the expressions "  to scrounge "  to search for and , if necessary , pilfer  , "  cushy "  enviably comfortable  and "  fed up "  disgusted with it all  , three salient soldier concepts in any war . Trench warfare became a sinister science , as front-line troops of every army hunkered down for hundreds of miles in conditions of appalling filth and danger . Playwright George Bernard Shaw , an opponent of the war , popularized the once-uncommon phrase "  cannon fodder , " which suggested that soldiers of all nations had been impersonally requisitioned to feed the guns or duped into enlisting by interchangeably imperialist rulers . To name what lay between the entrenched armies , modern English enlisted a phrase from the Middle Ages : "  no-man 's land . " The shell-pocked muck between the opposing trenches , bounded by rotting sandbags and rusted heaps of barbed wire , gave the 14th-century meaning of "  unowned or uninhabited territory " a much grimmer connotation . Before World War I , a "  dud " was anything or anybody unsatisfactory , but by the time the conflict ended , "  dud " referred chiefly to an unexploded shell or bomb , as it does to this day . The British began speaking of defensive "  foxholes , " dug not by foxes but by soldiers on the battlefield , a word that now may seem as old as shooting wars themselves . The adjustment of a rifle 's battle-sight was "  zeroing in , " a metaphor today 's English ca n't do without . Then there 's "  D-Day " : the very first was September 26 , 1918 , the starting date of the war-ending Allied offensive in the Argonne Forest . Familiar now as an advertising platform , the helium-filled "  blimp " was invented for naval observation in 1915 . The British came up with the armored "  tank " and named it arbitrarily to keep the weapon secret before its surprise appearance in the Battle of the Somme in 1916 . The threat of "  chemical warfare " and "  chemical weapons " had been discussed in the press , but their actual use by Germany in 1915 , first in Poland and then in Belgium , raised the war 's quotient of barbarism . The Allies quickly followed suit . "  Air raids , " which began on a small scale in 1914 , were carried out by four-winged bombers and German Zeppelins . The idea of bomb-laden squadrons of Zeppelins over London may seem like something from Victorian science fiction , and it was novelist H.G. Wells  author of "  War of the Worlds "  who invented the most ominous phrase of all . In 1914 , he imagined a device that might appear within a generation , whose destructive power would change everything forever . Wells warned that eventually "  any little body of malcontents could use it . " As though in prophecy of the long shadow the 1914-18 war would cast on the 20th century , Wells coined a now-familiar term for his imaginary superweapon that he believed could easily "  wreck half a city . " He called it "  the atomic bomb . "	Jonathan Lighter : World War I brought slew of new words into use to express the turbulent time "  Cooties , " "  tanks , " "  doughboy " , "  fed up , " "  dud , " "  trench warfare " and many more , he says Lighter says H.G. Wells invented most ominous phrase of all : "  the atomic bomb "
Southern Living  -- You do n't have to stay at these tony hotels to experience the best of their lobbies . The Round Robin Bar at the Willard InterContinental is a great place to eavesdrop . The Willard InterContinental What to expect : A throwback to grand hotels of the 19th century near the White House . It 's where powerful people still go to make powerful decisions . Crowned heads rest on the Willard 's pillows . Where to spend your dollars : Sip a mint julep or sample a single malt whiskey in the Round Robin Bar and Scotch Bar alongside power brokers . It may not be polite to say so , but this is a great place to eavesdrop . "  The next day 's work starts between 6 and 8 p.m. , " says Jim Hewes , bartender there for 22 years . "  The Round Robin gets a drift on tomorrow 's news . " The inside story : D.C. insiders strut the lobby 's Peacock Alley where you people-watch while nibbling on tea and scones  $ 39  . 1401 Pennsylvania Avenue NW. ; washington.intercontinental.com or 1-800-327-0200 . SouthernLiving.com : D.C. Travel Planner The Hay-Adams What to expect : Formal and classic yet balanced with a boutiquish and intimate atmosphere . Walk out the front door to see Lafayette Park and the White House . Where to spend your dollars : The basement bar , Off the Record , attracts politicos from the White House and the nearby World Bank . "  Always sit at the bar , " says John Boswell , the friendly 12-year veteran bartender . "  The half-moon shape tends to get people into conversations . " Patrons stick to the classics -- martinis , Manhattans and wines . The inside story : The Sunday morning talk show hosts and hotel guests rub elbows at the extravagant late-morning brunch in The Lafayette dining room  $ 65 , reservations required  . 16th and H Streets NW. ; www.hayadams.com or 202 638-6600 . SouthernLiving.com : Cheap eats in D.C. St. Regis What to expect : A meeting of the old and new : luxe gilt lobby with endless Italian marble floors vs. leather-and-chrome restaurant bar helmed by celebrity chef Alain Ducasse . Where to spend your dollars : Settle into the purple Bar at St. Regis . Populated by admiring foodies , the bar pours the coolest drinks . "  Our Trial by Berry  Champagne , house-infused vanilla and nutmeg vodka , muddled blackberries  is the favorite , " says Marianna Alfa , restaurant director . "  The chef 's slider duo -- two burgers , one beef , the other boudin -- is our rock and roll item . " The inside story : Mixologist Mia Baila creates D.C. 's most unusual drink : Champagne adorned with pearls of Cointreau and gold flecks . 923 16th and K Streets NW. ; starwoodhotels.com/stregis or 202 638-2626 . SouthernLiving.com : Best things about the mall in Washington D.C. Park Hyatt What to expect : A sleek Euro feel of glass , natural fibers and golden-hued wood . A favorite among world travelers who trust the Park Hyatt brand and prefer the energy at the cusp of Georgetown . Where to spend your dollars : Cozy in at the Tea Cellar , presided over by tea expert Marie Hatakeyama . Those seeking a sturdier drink slip into glass-enclosed booths at the bar . "  It 's like having a private conversation on display , " says frequent visitor Chris Gieckel , adding that the pear martini is a house favorite . "  I 'm not known for having girly drinks , but I 'll order a second one . " The inside story : Purchase your favorite tea from the tasting to prepare at home , including vintage brews . 24th and M Streets NW. ; parkhyattwashington.com or 202 789-1234 Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2009 Southern Living magazine . All rights reserved .	Sip a mint julep at the Willard InterContinental 's Round Robin Bar Join White House politicos for a drink at Off the Record in the Hay-Adams hotel Try a custom cocktail at Bar at St. Regis
CNN  -- Despite being recently branded a "  rotten apple " by AC Milan owner Silvio Berlusconi , Mario Balotelli was treated to a rapturous reception on his return to the northern Italian city . With votes at stake in the Italian elections -- La Stamp estimates the signing of "  Super Mario " could be worth 400,000 votes as Berlusconi attempts a political comeback -- his new boss ' blunt assessment was quickly forgotten as the former Italian prime minister sanctioned a $ 30 million deal to sign Balotelli . His transfer ends the striker 's whirlwind two-and-half-year stay with English champions Manchester City , during which time a litany of dust-ups have allowed Balotelli to become a caricature of the modern playboy footballer -- sporting talent and tabloid cult hero rolled into one . One of his final acts as a City player was a training ground brawl with team manager Roberto Mancini , pictures of which were sprawled across newspapers . In the aftermath of the dust-up , Balotelli 's teammate Carlos Tevez offered to counsel the 22-year-old striker . When Tevez , infamous for refusing to come off the substitutes bench during a match last season and subsequently going AWOL for three months , is doling out advise , it might be to seriously consider where your career is headed . Having signed a four-and-a-half-year deal , Balotelli 's future now lies back in Milan , where he rose to prominence with AC 's city rivals Inter between 2006 and 2010 . Myriad stories -- both mythical and true -- surround Balotelli , who recently unveiled a head of bleach-blonde hair ahead of a match between second-place City and Arsenal . There 's the one about Balotelli driving into a women 's prison , or the time he reportedly threw darts at youth team players out of a training ground window -- not to mention the impromptu bonfire which burned down his bathroom hours before he became the face of a firework safety campaign . Or Balotelli being stopped by police for having thousands of pounds in a bag on the passenger seat of his car . His alleged response when inquisitive officers asked why he was carrying such a huge amount of cash was to say : "  Because I 'm rich . " Outrageous talent City showed admirable patience with their mercurial marksman , hoping he could consistently produce the form which saw him spearhead Italy 's run to the final of Euro 2012 . Balotelli endured a tempestuous relationship with former Inter coach and current Real Madrid boss Jose Mourinho , but in Mancini , also a one-time coach of the Italian international at the Nerazzurri , he found a staunch ally , though the City manager used the striker with increasing sparsity . It 's this mix of lashings of outrageous talent , outlandish behavior and childish ill-discipline -- Balotelli has already picked up six red cards in his fledgling career -- which have made him a gold mine for newspapers . Vincent Pericard is one former player who has experienced the high of being at a leading club and the low of languishing in the game 's lesser leagues . Born in Cameroon , Pericard was raised in France -- representing his adoptive country at under-21 level -- before he was snapped up by Italian giants Juventus as a teenager . A bright future was predicted for the striker , but after leaving Juve in 2002 he moved to England and spent a decade slowly falling through the leagues . He made five appearances for sixth-tier club Havant & Waterlooville before retiring from football in 2012 , aged just 29 . Since quitting the game , Pericard has set up Elite Welfare Management , a business aimed at helping foreign players settle within the English game . "  The organization is the sum of my own experiences , " the former Stoke City and Portsmouth player told CNN . "  We want to stop players wasting their talent . We should support and understand what makes him behave the way he does , instead of judging him and saying he is a lunatic or he is not bothered , " added Pericard , referring to Balotelli , who is of Ghanaian heritage and was born in Perugia and raised by an adoptive family in Brescia in northern Italy . "  All the problems relate to the social side of being a human being and how you interact with other people and how you interact with a new culture and how you adapt to it . " Football clubs are experts when it comes to keeping a player in peak physical condition , but Pericard is convinced the game has room for improvement when it comes to addressing issues of mental well-being . "  A player spends 80 % of his time outside of the club 's supervision and only 20 % inside of the club , " continued the Frenchman . "  It is one thing to look at how a player is physically , but the mental well being of a player is just as important . It can be the difference between teams going up , getting relegated or reaching the Champions League . "  The mind plays a massive part in a player 's development and performance and this is something clubs need to tap into if they want to increase their chances of winning . " The view that talent alone is not enough is one which is widely supported by sports psychologists . That is an approach not lost on five-time European champions Liverpool . As part of a new philosophy adapted by manager Brendan Rodgers , -- appointed at Anfield in June last year -- the club recruited Dr Steve Peters , who helped hone the minds of Britain 's all-conquering Olympic cyclists . "  It is absolutely vital that young players are given support right from the start , " said Rebecca Symes , Sport Psychologist from British organization Sporting Success , who argues the amount of psychological support available to footballers decreases as they progress into the first team . The Professional Footballers ' Association  PFA  , a body which represents the interests of soccer players in England and Wales , was not available for comment when contacted by CNN . "  The transition from an academy into a senior squad is a really significant time , " continued Symes . "  I do n't think enough emphasis is put on providing support to players during this transition and then throughout their professional career . "  While the access to support is a lot better compared to 10 years ago there is a lot of work still to do , especially in football . " With clubs in England 's top division receiving unprecedented levels of income -- the recent sale of EPL television rights domestically and internationally is set to generate more than $ 8 billion according to British media reports -- Symes sees no reason why mental health professionals should not be given a higher profile at clubs . "  Do n't get me wrong there is some great work being done by organisations such as the PFA ; Sporting Chance Clinic and the like . But appropriately qualified internal backroom staff fully integrated within a club is essential . " Breaking into a top-flight team can transform a young player 's life as they are exposed to the pressures of a voracious 24/7 media and experience a level of financial wealth which they previously would have probably only dreamed of . While sudden monetary gain itself might not destabilize a player , an inability to manage their finances in the long term might , suggests Dan Abrahams -- a sports psychologist specializing in football . "  I think its more having a capacity to deal with the wealth which comes to them , " said Abrahams . "  Over time , if you 're not doing that , it can create pressure . "  The club needs to produce a culture of excellence , " added Abrahams . "  The five Cs -- culture ; confidence , commitment , cohesion and caring . "  Many people would baulk at the last one . They might become multimillionaire footballers , but the only way they get there is if they have emotional and intellectual support . " After a career which shares some parallels with that of Balotelli , what advice would Pericard -- with the benefit of hindsight -- offer to the Italian ? "  To seek help and accept help that will allow him to fulfil your potential and play until 35 and maybe be the best player in the world , " he answered . "  With everything surrounding him , that is not going to happen . Accept the help that people are giving . Please accept it " . Over to you Mario .	Mario Balotelli returns to Italy joining AC Milan from Manchester City Balotelli recently brawled with City manager Roberto Mancini Italian international striker joined City from Italian club Inter Milan Balotelli has been sent off six times in his career
RollingStone.com  -- Musicians and record labels are doing their part to help raise money for relief efforts in Japan following the devastation left in the wake of the massive earthquake and tsunami that hit the island nation on March 11th . Here 's a list of some planned benefit concerts and projects . - The Universal Music Group is readying a digital-only benefit album to be released later this week . A tracklisting has not been announced , but U2 , Rihanna , Bon Jovi , Justin Bieber and Nicki Minaj are among the artists expected to donate tracks . - Lady Gaga has been selling special prayer bracelets on her site with all proceeds going to tsunami relief in Japan . - Sonic Youth are auctioning off a set of rare posters and sneakers , and will headline a concert on March 27th at Columbia University 's Miller Theater with performances by Yoko Ono , Mike Patton , John Zorn , Sean Lennon and others . - Sonic Youth 's Thurston Moore will also headline a benefit concert featuring a number of avant garde luminaries at the Henry Street Settlement in Manhattan on April 8th . - Norah Jones will headline a separate event on the same evening for the Henry Street Settlement . - Beady Eye , Primal Scream , Richard Ashcroft , Paul Weller and Blur 's Graham Coxon will be performing a benefit show together at London 's O2 Academy on April 3rd . - Lou Reed , Laurie Anderson , Philip Glass and Bill Laswell will be performing at a fundraising concert at the Japan Society in Manhattan on April 9th . - Hanson played an impromptu 12-hour charity event at the SXSW festival on Saturday , and the band is still encouraging fans to donate to the SXSW4Japan fund . - Yo La Tengo will play a one-off benefit show at Maxwell 's in Hoboken on March 23rd . - Warp Records , home of Grizzly Bear , Aphex Twin and !!! , are selling a special-edition T-shirt to raise money for Red Cross Japan Tsunami Aid Fund . - The Mountain Goats are auctioning off an unreleased demo cassette to raise money for Doctors Without Borders relief efforts in Japan . - Frightened Rabbit 's Scott Hutchison will headline a charity gig on March 30th at Stereo in Glasgow , Scotland to raise money for the Red Cross in Japan . See the original article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Musicians are performing benefit shows to raise money Others are selling T-shirts , bracelets posters , and sneakers Proceeds go to help Japan relief
CNN  -- Every day for decades , it was an essential part of the day for millions of listeners . A voice would boom out over the radio airwaves , announcing , "  Hello , Americans , this is Paul Harvey ! Stand by for news ! " Paul Harvey gave Brent Burns his "  big break , " giving one of his songs national exposure for the first time . After more than 70 years on the air , Harvey died Saturday at the age of 90 . His broadcasts were heard on more than 1,200 radio stations , according to his Web site . iReporters shared their memories of hearing Harvey 's program through the generations and told how he affected their lives , and in some cases their careers . When Anna Hiller of Albany , California , heard of Harvey 's passing , she was immediately reminded of spending time at her grandparents ' home in Baltimore , Maryland , as a child . "  His voice was inescapable , ubiquitous and energizing , emerging from the silver radio in the kitchen , " she said . She describes Harvey 's broadcasts as a "  ritual " for her grandparents . "  The voice of Paul Harvey would echo throughout the entire first floor , and even though I was too young to follow the stories , I knew my grandmother was listening intently , as was my grandpa from his study . " John Hargis Sr. has memories of his mother listening to Harvey every day as well . "  I once asked her why we could n't watch TV when Harvey was on , and she replied that Harvey gave her honest news , " he said Hargis has since lost 70 percent of his hearing and says that Harvey 's voice was one of the few he could understand . He lost his mother in 2001 , and Harvey 's death reminds him of her . iReport.com : Hargis pays tribute to Harvey , his mother Bev Cummins of McKees Rocks , Pennsylvania , was captivated as a child by Harvey 's skills as a storyteller , as heard on his second daily broadcast , "  The Rest of the Story . " "  He enriched our young lives with his quiet , warm voice that phrased words so well in my mind , " she said . "  It had all the comfort of a story being read at bedtime . " Cummins says that she modeled the way she told bedtime stories to her daughter after Harvey . "  The lucky ones among us still have the love of a good Paul Harvey story . " For some iReporters , Harvey was not just an important part of their daily lives . He gave one his "  big break . " Brent Burns of Gulf Shores , Alabama , was at the beginning of his career in the music business , with a few recordings released but nothing hugely successful . Then , Harvey played his song about the 1970s gas crisis , "  Cheaper Crude or No More Food . " "  It bounced me onto the world stage immediately , " he said . Burns says he appeared in magazines and television after this first major exposure . "  It just goes to show how well-loved and listened-to Paul Harvey was , " he said . "  He was just a brilliant guy who really had a command of the language . " Burns believes that his song might be the only one Harvey ever played . iReport.com : ` Integrity was Paul Harvey 's middle name ' After entering giant frogs into the famous Calaveras County frog jumping contest in 1990 , Andy Koffman of Seattle , Washington , appeared on "  The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson " as well as other television programs . "  But , " he said , "  the one thing I will never forget is Paul Harvey 's voice talking about me and my giant frogs on the radio . " A retired radio host himself , Gerald Dimmitt of Vancouver , Washington , will never forget hosting a dinner where Harvey was the guest speaker . At first , Dimmitt was unsure if he wanted to take the job because of Harvey 's then-support of the war in Vietnam . "  Due to the fact that he was an icon in the business , I went ahead and did it , " he said . Dimmitt and a small group of attendees at the dinner discussed the war with Harvey . Toward the end of the conversation , Harvey told them to listen to one of his broadcasts coming up in a few days . Dimmitt listened to that broadcast , and heard Harvey announce his opposition to escalating the war . iReport.com : Dimmitt remembers his dinner with Harvey As for Hiller , her grandfather is gone , but her grandmother now lives in Virginia . "  I have a hard time not believing that the same radio that carried Paul Harvey 's booming voice throughout the house on Gibbons Avenue is set up in Grandma 's room in Virginia , and that she will miss him telling her ` Good day , ' as he had for over 50 years . "	iReporters remember how legendary radio host Paul Harvey affected their lives John Hargis lost 70 % of his hearing , but Harvey 's voice was one he recognized Brent Burns believes that Harvey gave him his "  big break " in music Share your memories of Harvey on iReport.com
CNN  -- More than two million Americans have already cast ballots for president less than three weeks before Election Day with a substantial number coming in the battleground state of Iowa . The state , which holds six key electoral votes , is on pace to exceed the 1.5 million votes cast early in 2008 -- a trend that is not lost on either political party . While both parties are investing resources in early voting , Democrats ' push to turn out voters -- and in particular young voters in Iowa -- could be paying off . Early numbers , which are updated daily , show that almost 20 % more registered Democrats than registered Republicans have voted so far . Of the 463,219 early voting ballots requested in the state as of Thursday morning , 45 % came from registered Democrats compared to 30 % of registered Republicans . In voting , the early bird skips the line Experts caution no direct link should be made between requests and how the vote might go . "  We do n't know if a registered Democrat will vote for Barack Obama and we do n't know if a registered Republican will vote for Mitt Romney , " said Michael McDonald , associate professor government and politics at George Mason University who specializes in elections . But return data coupled with polls that show a slight lead for Obama in Iowa , he said , can give us some clue . The electoral makeup in Iowa looks like it did in 2008 when Obama took the state by almost 10 points , according to McDonald . So far this year , 4 % more Democrats have voted early than in 2008 . Republican numbers have only risen by 1 % . That 's not enough for Romney if he wants to flip the state , McDonald said . "  It 's not just enough to recreate the 2008 electorate . Romney needs to have improvement , " McDonald said . That 's assuming that Election Day returns mirror 2008 as well . Romney 's improvement might come naturally to Republicans in Linn County , Iowa , one of the Hawkeye State 's most populous counties . Tim Box , the deputy commissioner of elections there , said Democrats are more naturally inclined to vote early and Republicans are more apt to cast ballots on Election Day . "  If you paint it with a broad brush , a lot of Democrats vote absentee , Republicans go to the polls . They always start behind -LSB- in Linn County -RSB- , " Box said . He also attributed the Democratic success to an organized effort to turnout early voters . Democrats , for instance , requested more satellite voting sites for early voting and staffed them more heavily than Republicans . There is some good news for Romney in the state since early voting requests and returns are slowly closing the gap between Republicans and Democrats , day-to-day monitoring shows . With some "  hustling " and a push at the end , Romney could make a race of it , McDonald said . He could also change the game if he is able to turn out more Republicans on Election Day than the GOP did in 2008 . John King : Who benefits from early voting ? And while Iowa 's electoral votes could be key to winning the White House , what is true of Iowa is not true of Ohio or of North Carolina , two of the 22 states that have begun early voting . "  Each state is like a unique snowflake -LSB- when it comes to early voting -RSB- , " said McDonald since the Constitution gives each state the right to administer their elections at a state level . What this also means is that with different demographics , Democrats and Republicans have different strategies for turning out early voters in each state with different results . What 's also different is the way that states collect data , meaning that it is easier to infer conclusions from returns in states that report party registration , like Iowa . But in Ohio , where registration is required only in primaries , the parties rely on different indicators , like returns in key strongholds . Ohio touts early voting numbers And there is encouraging news for both : In Hamilton and Franklin counties , two urban centers around Cincinnati and Columbus respectively , early voting shows heavy turnout in the areas that helped secure the state for Obama in 2008 . The state is mailing absentee ballot applications to voters for the first time this year and McDonald said that could be affecting increased returns in rural areas , which are more heavily Republican . In rural areas of Ohio , absentee ballots sent to each registered voter in the state for the first time in 2012 also show increased turnout . In Cuyahoga County , the largest in the state and home to Democrat-heavy Cleveland , nearly 250,000 absentee ballots have been requested and some 80,000 have been returned . Those numbers strongly favor Democrats : 47,538 to 16,720 . GOP officials say their absentee and in-person voting turnout in Franklin County is coming along nicely . Republicans account for 16.5 % of registered voters there , but make up 28.6 % of early voting activity so far . Still , McDonald said looking that the numbers now is "  like reading tea leaves . " It is also still too early to decipher returns in North Carolina , which began early voting on Thursday . If voting stays pace with projections from early voting experts , 5 % to 10 % more than the 30 % or 130 million Americans who voted early in 2008 will have voted before November 6 , according to early voting experts . Here 's a look at the early voting returns so far and the dates that they began voting , according to state and county voting officials : • California  October 8  : The Golden State issued more than eight million ballots as of Wednesday , but just more than 81,000 -- or 1 % have been returned . • Georgia  October 15  : 120,032 ballots have been cast in person and 73,119 ballots via mail . There are still almost 100,000 mail-in ballots outstanding . Early voting began in Georgia on October 15 . • Idaho  September 21  : Did not return requests for data . • Indiana  October 8  : More than 180,000 applications for early voting ballots have been submitted since the state began early voting . Of those , 118,000 have been returned . Indiana has in-person absentee voting . • Iowa  September 27  : Of the almost 450,000 absentee ballots requested , more than half have been returned . Democrats lead the pack , requesting more than 200,000 ballots and returning almost 65 % of those . Republicans requested almost 140,000 and returned just less than 60 % . Ballots requested with no party affiliation or for other party affiliations total about 105,000 and 50 % of those have been returned . • Kansas  October 17  : More than 120,000 ballots were requested by the time early voting began . State officials say it 's too early to tabulate an accurate representation of the ballots returned . • Maine  September 24  : Almost 80,000 ballots have been requested , with 76,330 issued and 29,931 , or almost 38 % , returned . • Montana  October 9  : More than a quarter million voters requested ballots . As of Wednesday , almost 40,000 or just under 15 % of the ballots had been returned . • Nebraska  October 2  : Of the almost 80,000 ballots requested , more than 50,000 have been returned . • North Dakota  27  : Of the almost 40,000 ballots sent as of Wednesday , 15,252 , or almost 40 % , have been returned . • Ohio  October 2  : 1.26 million ballots have been requested and just more than 280,000 or 22 % have been returned by mail . That 's almost 20 percent of the 5.7 million Ohioans who voted early in 2008 . • South Dakota  September 21  : Of the nearly 36,000 absentee ballots requested , 35,888 ballots have been sent out and 25,238 or 70 % have been returned . • Tennessee  October 17  : Already , 105,405 voters have cast ballots since voting began . • New Jersey  September 22  : An accurate count of returned ballots will be available beginning next week . • Oregon  October 8  : The state is one of the two that votes by mail only . Return data is not available until October 22 . • Utah  October 9  : Data collected at the county level was not immediately available . • Vermont  September 22  : Data is collected at the county level was not immediately available . • Wyoming  September 27  : Data was not available . CNN 's Peter Hamby , Adam Levy and Robert Yoon contributed to this report	Of the two million ballots cast early , a quarter of a million were cast in Iowa Trends show registered Democrats voting early more than Republicans in Iowa Republicans could close the gap in Iowa with strong Election Day and early voter turnout Up to 40 % of eligible voters could cast their ballots early in 2012
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Marathon talks between Hollywood 's largest actors union and producers broke off early Saturday , with the Screen Actors Guild saying it will ask its members to authorize a strike . Screen Actors Guild members and supporters stage a rally in June at SAG 's headquarters in Los Angeles , California . SAG 's contract with Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers expired June 30 with the two sides unable to agree on how actors would be paid when movies and TV shows are distributed through "  new media , " such as mobile phones and the Internet . "  As previously authorized by the national board of directors , we will now launch a full-scale education campaign in support of a strike authorization referendum , " SAG said in a statement Saturday . There was no mention of when a strike referendum might be called . "  Let 's review the facts : SAG is the only major Hollywood guild that has failed to negotiate a labor deal in 2008 , " the producers ' group said in a Saturday statement . "  Now , SAG is bizarrely asking its members to bail out the failed negotiating strategy with a strike vote -- at a time of historic economic crisis . The tone-deafness of SAG is stunning . " SAG and AMPTP representatives came together under the guidance of a federal mediator Thursday for their first talks since July . The effort ended at 1 a.m. Saturday after 27 hours of talks . The producers ' alliance has demanded that SAG accept terms similar to those in contracts concluded over the past year with six other unions representing writers , directors , stagehands , casting directors and a smaller actors union . "  Taken together , these six new labor agreements will keep our industry at work , allow producers to experiment with new media , and give everyone in our industry a stake in the success of new and emerging markets , " the producers ' group said Wednesday . The SAG statement suggested that a strike authorization would not immediately trigger a walkout but would strengthen the actors ' bargaining position . "  Now it 's time for SAG members to stand united and empower the national negotiating committee to bargain with the strength of a possible work stoppage behind them , " it said . SAG 's board of directors voted last month to ask for a federal mediator to help with the negotiations . At the same board meeting , it authorized a strike referendum in the event the mediation effort failed . Approval of a strike referendum , which requires the support of 75 percent of SAG 's members , is not a foregone conclusion because Hollywood is still recovering from a costly writers strike that dragged on for 100 days just a year ago . SAG 's 120,000-plus members include many who no longer pursue acting jobs or who work only occasionally . A member who joined after having just one line in one show has a vote equal to Hollywood 's highest-paid stars , as long as his or her annual dues are paid .	NEW : Producers say SAG is asking members to "  bail out " failed talks with strike vote Screen Actors Guild and producers union talks break off Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers contract expired June 30 Key issue is compensation for work distributed via new media
ASHEVILLE , North Carolina  CNN  -- Greg Melville 's neighbors in Vermont looked at him like he was crazy 2 1/2 years ago when he drove what he refers to as his "  vegetable vehicle . " It 's a car that runs on vegetable oil instead of gasoline . Greg Melville converted a 1985 diesel station wagon to run on vegetable oil when his family needed another car . Back then , gasoline cost about $ 2.20 per gallon . Now that the cost of gas is nearly twice that , many Americans are starting to think that converting to a vehicle that runs on vegetable oil is n't such a bad idea . Melville , who now lives in Asheville , North Carolina , says the decision to convert a 1985 diesel station wagon to run on vegetable oil came about when his wife was in medical school and the couple needed a second vehicle . "  We did some research and found out that the old Mercedes engines were very easy to convert , just because they are practically indestructible , " Melville explained . After he found a good deal online , the couple purchased the car and found a conversion kit from a company in Massachusetts called Grease Car . The Melvilles then took the car and kit to an expert installer in their area and in no time , they were driving around -- with free fuel . The kit and installation cost about $ 1,000 each , and Melville says it took about 1 1/2 years to recoup that cost . "  We 're kind of playing with house money , because we 're driving on free gas , and it 's paid for itself many times over , " he said . Melville , who is a writer , has driven the gas-free vehicle more than 60,000 miles , including two cross-country trips he 's written about in an upcoming book . Veggie car makes a cross-country road trip " The converted car was outfitted with a 15-gallon tank . Melville says it gets about 20 miles per gallon , the same fuel economy it would have gotten with the original diesel system . But according to a recent editorial he wrote for The New York Times , Melville says his carbon footprint is cut in half while driving the car fueled by vegetable oil . But all is not golden -- or green , as the case may be -- in this veggie tale . Melville admits that there are a few downsides to having a vegetable-oil powered vehicle . The process of collecting and filtering the grease can be time-consuming and a bit messy . He 's made arrangements to get most of his waste oil from local restaurants , and each week , his suppliers leave him five-gallon drums that he must pick up . But when he travels long distances , he has to find new restaurants on the road that are willing to give him their used grease . Once Melville gets the grease , he pours it into a large gas can that 's been painted black . The dark color helps absorb the sun 's rays , which heat the oil inside . The process helps thin the grease and makes it easier to filter bits of onion rings and other fried foods . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- not always the cleanest thing . I 've spilled it all over me a couple times , " Melville said . Another side effect of using vegetable oil is the smell . The undeniable aroma of french fries and other deep-fried foods wafts up frequently from the exhaust . Depending on a person 's palate , the aromatherapy could be a deal-breaker or a fringe benefit . Still , Melville says he would recommend a vegetable vehicle to anyone -- with the following caution : "  Make sure you have a supplier lined up , because suppliers are becoming harder to find . " Even though many Americans love to eat fried food , there 's not enough leftover oil to power all of the cars in the United States . The vegetable-oil powered cars have become so popular , there have been reports of cooking oil thefts from eating establishments across the country and talk of restaurants charging for the leftover oil . For now , Melville is n't concerned . "  My hope is ... by the time that happens , some other alternative like plug-in hybrids will come along and make these cars obsolete , " he said . "  Then I wo n't have to be filling it up with vegetable oil , and I can have a plug-in hybrid and go to a regular gas station and not have to feel guilty or worry about it . "	Greg Melville converted a 1985 diesel Mercedes to run on vegetable oil A car kit and professional installation cost about $ 2,000 Restaurants supply Melville with free five-gallon drums of used oil , which he filters Collecting and cleaning oil , smelly fumes are a few downsides of veggie cars
Rome  CNN  -- A key religious text co-written by Pope Francis and Pope Emeritus Benedict , who stepped down earlier this year , was released by the Vatican on Friday . The encyclical , the first to be published since Francis became pope , sets out the priorities for the Roman Catholic Church . It 's called "  Lumen Fidei , " which is Latin for "  The Light of Faith . " The groundwork for the 84-page encyclical was laid by Benedict , the Vatican said in a media briefing , while Francis "  added further contributions to the existing first draft . " The introduction to the text , which is divided into four chapters , reiterates the importance of having faith in a man 's life , it said . Francis writes that it is faith that helps man "  distinguish from good and evil " and that he "  who believes , sees . " He stresses that in modern times , faith has become more important than in the past . In the first chapter , he refers to the biblical figure Abraham and explains faith as "  listening to the Word of God , the call to come from the isolated self in order to open up oneself to a new life and the promise of the future . " Subsequent chapters talk about the connection between "  faith and truth , " evangelization and how faith is connected to the common good . Vatican Radio said the encyclical completes a trilogy of papal teachings on the three theological virtues -- faith , hope and charity -- that was begun by Benedict with his encyclicals "  Deus Caritas Est " in 2005 , and "  Spe Salvi " in 2007 . The encyclicals are circulated to Catholic bishops around the world and help outline the pope 's thinking on doctrinal matters . The Vatican has declared 2013 to be the "  Year of Faith . " The latest encyclical is perhaps unprecedented in featuring the contribution of two living popes . Benedict XVI shocked the Roman Catholic world in February when he announced his resignation , making him the first pope to stand down in almost 600 years . Popes usually serve until their death . He has retired to a life of prayer and seclusion . CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	The encyclical is the first to be released under Pope Francis It was largely written by Pope Emeritus Benedict , before he resigned from the papacy The 84-page text highlights the importance of faith Faith helps man "  distinguish from good and evil , " Francis writes
CNN  -- Manchester City moved three points clear at the top of the English Premier League with a convincing 3-0 home win over sixth-placed Liverpool on Tuesday . Goals from Sergio Aguero , Yaya Toure and a James Milner penalty put City ahead of second-placed local rivals Manchester United , who visit Newcastle on Wednesday . Roberto Mancini 's men survived the second-half dismissal of Gareth Barry in the 73rd minute , and even added to their tally as Martin Skrtel pulled down Toure and Milner converted from the spot . It completed a miserable evening for Liverpool , who were missing striker Luis Suarez after club officials confirmed before the match they would not appeal his eight-match ban for racially abusing Patrice Evra . Liverpool decide against Suarez appeal City suffered a shock 1-0 defeat at Sunderland on Sunday , but went ahead after just 10 minutes as Argentina star Aguero beat Liverpool goalkeeper Pepe Reina with a dipping shot he might have saved . Liverpool pressed hard for an equalizer , but fell further behind on 33 minutes as the excellent Toure headed home David Silva 's corner at the near post . Reds manager Kenny Dalglish introduced Steven Gerrard and Craig Bellamy from the bench in the second half , but it was to no avail as City continued to control the match even when a man light . City captain Vincent Kompany said his team had shown great character after the Sunderland defeat . "  It was massive for us , we did n't deserve to lose against Sunderland but we were incredibly efficient today , " Kompany told Sky Sports . In Tuesday 's other games , third-placed Tottenham Hotspur beat West Bromwich Albion 1-0 while Sunderland continued to impress under new manager Martin O'Neill with a 4-1 win at struggling Wigan . Tottenham moved to within three points of United after striker Jermain Defoe scored the only goal on 63 minutes at White Hart Lane . Sunderland won for the fourth time in six games since O'Neill took charge , moving up to 10th in the table .	English leaders Manchester City beat Liverpool 3-0 at Etihad Stadium despite red card Tuesday 's win puts Roberto Mancini 's side three points clear of Manchester United Third-placed Tottenham keep pace with leaders after a 1-0 home win over WBA Sunderland revival under Martin O'Neill continues with 4-1 victory at lowly Wigan
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Events in London 's art world last weekend sent out contrasting signals as to the future of the global art market . Will the bubble burst ? "  Perpetual Void " by artist Petroc Sesti , fit the current mood of uncertainty . Mid-season contemporary art auctions at London 's Sotheby 's , Christies and Phillips confirmed fears that the art market might be the next victim of the financial crisis . While sales figures were still significant , they brought in considerably less than the presale estimates that had been put together when the future of global finance looked less bleak . The auctions showed that a readjustment of prices might be necessary in an art world that just a month ago saw artist Damien Hirst making # 111 million for 218 of his works . Sarah Thornton , who has written a book "  Seven Days in the Art World , " explained that those art buyers who have now dropped out of the market are the speculators . "  Those who continue to buy art are the real art lovers ; they are not willing to relinquish that passion , " Thornton told CNN . "  I have just heard of someone who fired their chauffeur to continue funding an expensive art-buying habit , " she added . Some artists are also going to extreme lengths to continue their trade . At the annual Frieze art fair in London 's Regents Park , Argentinean gallery Appetite , literally blended their art with the credit crunch . The artists and gallery owner Daniella Luna ate remnants of visitors ' food and slept only when a visitor was kind enough to offer them a roof . But the fair showed that the larger public 's interest in contemporary art remains robust . Frieze brought in thousands of visitors from around the globe and most gallery owners seemed content with sales . Roger Tatley from the Hauser & Wirth gallery , based in Zurich and London , told CNN : "  We were a little anxious , but this fair turned out to be the best we 've had . " Houser and Wirth sold almost all its works in the booth including a Henry Moore piece for $ 2.7 million . Are you still buying art ? Whilst Moore 's art represents the higher end of prices at Frieze ; most works at the fair are cheaper than at auction houses , therefore reflecting a wider art-buying audience . Rudolphe von Hofmannsthal , Director of Dicksmith gallery , a hip and relatively new gallery representing young artists fresh from their Masters degrees , said that while there was less of a rush to buy the gallery 's works -- priced at around $ 6000 to $ 40,000 -- this year , he remained confident about investment in art . "  I believe art is still an absolute necessity , " von Hofmannsthal said , adding ; "  this economic crisis might kill the mad hype in the art world , but there is still interest in new ideas and new works . " Blair Taylor , who works for Los Angeles and Berlin gallery Peres Project , agreed that while people might be slower to rush into buying unknown art , the outcome for the art world is not necessarily a bad one . "  I notice there is more of a conversation going on now before a collector decides to buy something " Blair said . "  This climate might allow artists to focus more on what they are making . If it 's not anymore about quantity , the focus will come back to the art object . " Some artists might beg to disagree . Angry with his financial situation , one of the artists at Appetite gallery , Diego de Aduriz , caused a frenzy when he ran around the fair naked . "  We have to learn how to survive these difficult times " says Daniella Luna . Her words ring especially true as Appetite did not sell any of its works -- it seems the art public might not be ready to hear the words "  survival " just yet .	Sales at London 's top auction houses failed to achieve the low presale estimates Some artists at Frieze Art Fair ate remnants of foods to showcase the current crisis . Most galleries at the fair produced satisfying sales results , they reported
CNN  -- Five-time world champions Brazil needed to come from two goals down to beat underdogs the United States 3-2 in the final of the Confederations Cup in South Africa on Sunday night . Brazil celebrated a third Confederations Cup triumph following victories in 2005 and 1997 . Captain Lucio headed an 84th-minute winner to end the hopes of the plucky Americans , who scored twice in the first half-hour in Johannesburg . Clint Dempsey , who netted in the shock 2-0 win against European champions Spain in the semi-finals , put the U.S. ahead in the 10th minute . A massive upset seemed to be on the cards when captain Landon Donovan doubled the lead in the 27th minute , but Brazil reduced the deficit just 41 seconds after the half-time break through Luis Fabiano . The striker then leveled with his fifth goal of the tournament in the 74th minute before Lucio rose highest to ensure that Brazil retained the title . Brazil went into the game seeking a massive improvement on their dismal showing in laboring to beat hosts South Africa 1-0 in the semi-finals . But Bob Bradley 's U.S. team , beaten 3-0 by Brazil in the group stage , took a shock lead when Dempsey found space in the penalty area to guide home Jonathan Spector 's fierce right-wing cross for his third goal of the tournament . Goalkeeper Tim Howard continued his fine form to keep the Brazilians at bay , then Donovan finished off a superb counter-attack that the South Americans would have been proud of . The veteran , who earlier in the tournament said his worst footballing memory was a 7-0 drubbing by Brazil when playing for the U.S. under-23 side , set the speedy Charlie Davies free down the left . He then controlled the return pass to cut inside Ramires and slot past Julio Cesar -- extending his national goalscoring record to 41 . Howard then saved a low angled shot from Fabiano , then the Sevilla forward headed over the bar 10 minutes before the interval . But Fabiano struck a killer blow soon after the restart when otherwise-impressive U.S. defender Jay DeMerit allowed him to collect Kaka 's pass inside the penalty area and swivel to fire past a helpless Howard . Brazil surged forward in search of an equalizer , and Real Madrid 's new signing Kaka thought he 'd scored it when Howard beat out his downward header via the underside of the crossbar while the Everton keeper appeared to be behind the line . However , the referee ruled otherwise to the Brazilian 's disgust , which seemed to be justified by television replays . Howard denied Fabiano when clear through on goal in the 70th minute , but soon after the forward was on hand to poach the leveler . Kaka beat full-back Spector down the left and his low cross was deflected into the path of Robinho , who prodded the ball against the underside of the bar -- and Fabiano headed home the rebound . With the Americans visibly tiring , it was no surprise when Brazil claimed the winner . Lucio found space in the box to powerfully head a corner from second-half substitute Elano into the net off the left-hand upright , with the U.S. defense having crucially left the post unguarded . It was Brazil 's third Confederations Cup triumph , having also won in 1997 , and represented a 14th victory in the last 15 meetings with the U.S. Coach Dunga has now presided over seven wins in 20 days , with five at the Confederations Cup and two in World Cup qualifiers .	Brazil come from two goals down to beat U.S. 3-2 in Confederations Cup final Clint Dempsey and Landon Donovan put Americans ahead in first half-hour Luis Fabiano pulls one back 41 seconds after half-time and then levels score Captain Lucio heads home the winner in the 84th minute as Brazil retain title
CNN  Wedding bells are on the horizon for Bristol Palin and 2011 Medal of Honor recipient Dakota Meyer . Meyer , 26 , proposed to Palin , 24 , Friday night at a Rascal Flatts concert in Las Vegas , Palin said on her blog . "  The lead singer , Gary LeVox , dedicated ` Bless the Broken Road ' to us , and then Dakota got down on one knee and proposed ! " she wrote . "  It 's amazing to see what happens when you place everything in life in God 's hands . " Friends and well-wishers congratulated the couple on the news . As one person said in a comment on Meyer 's Instagram , "  This is so ` MERICA that my mind is blown right now . " Meyer received the nation 's highest military honor for braving enemy fire in 2009 to recover 36 American and Afghan troops in Afghanistan . He was the third living recipient -- and the first Marine -- to be awarded the Medal of Honor for actions in Iraq or Afghanistan . Palin , the oldest daughter of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , has stayed in the public eye since her mother 's failed vice presidential bid through appearances on "  Dancing with the Stars " and a Lifetime show about raising her son , "  Bristol Palin : Life 's a Tripp . " She also released a best-selling memoir in 2011 , "  Not Afraid of Life : My Journey So Far . " She was previously engaged to Tripp 's father , Levi Johnston . The couple met last year when Meyer visited Alaska to film "  Amazing America , " Sarah Palin 's show on Sportsman Channel , Bristol Palin said in her blog post . "  He met Tripp during that time , and I 've seen him in a few places where our paths have crossed since . He 's visited us in Alaska , and I 've visited his wonderful family in Kentucky , " she wrote . "  He 's wonderful with Tripp and I 'm so proud to be marrying him . " The couple shared news of their engagement on social media . "  I 'm definitely the luckiest guy ever , " Meyer said in an Instagram of the pair tagged #shesaidyes . Bristol Palin shared an Instagram picture of a ring and another of the happy couple smooching . "  Truly the luckiest girl in the world , can not wait to marry this man !!!! " she said . The couple started recently began sharing images on social media of themselves together . Palin posted a photo last week of the couple out in the snow with Tripp . Meyer has also shared a few pictures of him with Sarah Palin . "  Thank you for being the amazing person that you are . I appreciate your leadership and dedication to our country ! " he said in a post on her birthday in February . Sarah Palin also congratulated the couple , noting that Meyer "  flew up North " to ask Bristol Palin 's father and grandfather for her hand in marriage . "  Our families could n't be happier for Bristol and Dakota ! We 're honored to welcome Dakota into our family . He 's an American hero and patriot whose service to our country -- like all his fellow Medal of Honor recipients -- has been above and beyond the call of duty ; but even more important is he 's a good and kind man who loves Bristol and Tripp , and is loved by them , " she said on Facebook . "  Yes , God working behind the scenes to turn beauty from ashes . Had tough circumstances in their lives not occurred , and had they reacted differently to those circumstances , they 'd have never met . "	U.S. Marine Dakota Meyer won the 2011 Medal of Honor for rescue in Afghanistan "  This is so ` MERICA that my mind is blown right now , " commenter says on Meyer 's Instagram
Washington  CNN  -- Few Americans have any real idea how the Supreme Court operates , since cameras are barred , and the case arguments and opinions are often dry and confusing for nonlawyers . That 's too bad because the high court 's impact on Americans is incalculable . When disputes arise , the nine justices serve as the final word for a nation built on the rule of law . They interpret the Constitution and all that it brings with it : how we conduct ourselves in society , boundaries for individuals and the government , questions literally of life and death . As the late justice William Brennan once wrote , "  The law is not an end in itself , nor does it provide ends . It is preeminently a means to serve what we think is right . " And whether right or wrong , when it came to deciding who won the 2000 presidential election , it was the court 's conclusions that ultimately ended the issue , but not the controversy . Preview : ` The implications ... are impossible to overstate ' A similarly epic constitutional showdown is now before the court over challenges to the health care reform law promoted by congressional Democrats and President Barack Obama -- and opposed by a coalition of 26 states . Article Three of the Constitution says , "  The Judicial power of the United States , shall be vested in one supreme Court ... the judges , both of the supreme and inferior courts , shall hold their offices during good behavior . " Read a transcript of Monday 's court arguments on health care Here 's a look at the history of the court , how it works and how you , the citizen , can interact with it : Court goes back the late 1700s The Supreme Court first met in 1790 , as the ultimate part of the judicial branch of government . There are nine justices , led by the Chief Justice of the United States  that 's the official title  . All justices -- and all federal judges -- are first nominated by the president and must be confirmed by the Senate . They serve for as long as they choose . The court has occupied its current building in Washington only since 1935 . Previously , it borrowed space in Senate chambers in the Capitol Building . The Constitution 's framers envisioned the judiciary as the "  weakest , " "  least dangerous " branch of government . And while the court has often been accused over the years of being too timid in asserting its power , there is little doubt when the justices choose to flex their judicial muscle , the results can be far-reaching . Just look at how cases such as Brown v. Board of Education  1954 -- integrating public schools  , Roe v. Wade  1973 -- legalizing abortion  and even Bush v. Gore  2000  have affected the lives of Americans . Blockbuster decisions by the high court over the years Traditionally , each term begins the first Monday in October , and final opinions are issued usually by late June . Justices divide their time between "  sittings , " where they hear cases and issue decisions , and "  recesses , " where they meet in private to write their decisions and consider other business before the court . Court arguments are open to the public in the main courtroom , and visitors have the option of watching all the arguments or only a small portion . Tradition is very important . You will notice the justices wearing black robes , and quill pins still adorn the desks , as they have for more than two centuries . Where to sit ? Seniority counts The justices are seated by seniority , with the chief justice in the middle . The two junior justices  currently Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan  occupy the opposite ends of the bench . Before public arguments and private conferences , where decisions are discussed , the nine members all shake hands as a show of harmony of purpose . In the past , all lawyers appearing before the court wore formal "  morning clothes , " but today only federal government lawyers carry on the tradition . The solicitor general is the federal government 's principal lawyer before the federal bench . As the gavel sounds and justices are seated , the marshal shouts the traditional welcome , which reads : "  Oyez ! Oyez ! Oyez ! All persons having business before the honorable , the Supreme Court of the United States , are admonished to draw near and give their attention , for the court is now sitting . God save the United States and this Honorable Court . " Frequently asked questions about the court and the case Arguments usually begin at 10 a.m. and since most cases involve appellate review of decisions by other courts , there are no juries or witnesses , just lawyers from both sides addressing the bench . The cases usually last about an hour , and lawyers from both sides very often have their prepared oral briefs interrupted by pointed questions from a justice . This give-and-take , question-and-answer repartee can be entertaining , and it requires lawyers to think concisely and logically on their feet . And by the tone of their questioning , it often gives insight into a justice 's thinking , a barometer of his/her decision-making . You can listen if you like No cameras are allowed , but the public sessions are audio recorded , and are available for listening , usually several days later . The health care arguments -- for this week -- will be available only shortly after each of the four separate arguments end , at the court 's website . After the arguments , conferences are scheduled , where justices discuss and vote on the cases . In these closed-door sessions , the nine members are alone . No clerks or staff are allowed . No transcripts of their remarks are kept , and it is the role of the junior justice  Elena Kagan for the past two years  to take notes and answer any inquiries from the outside . Justices spend much of their time reviewing the cases and writing opinions . And they must decide which cases they will actually hear in open court . When asked just before her 2006 retirement what the jurists do most of the time , Sandra Day O'Connor said bluntly , "  We read . We read on average 1,500 pages a day . We read . Sometimes we write . " Added Justice Antonin Scalia : "  We try to squeeze in a little time for thinking . " Want your case heard ? Do n't get your hopes up Each week , the court receives more than 150 petitions for review , decisions by lower courts appealed to the high court . Relatively few are granted full review . About 8,000 to 10,000 such petitions go on the court 's docket each term . Only 75 to 85 cases -- about 1 % -- are accepted . Oral arguments will then be scheduled , but final opinions may not be written in all such appeals . In addition , some 1,200 legal applications of various types are filed each year that can be acted on by a single justice . Those include stays of executions . The rulings are handed out in both written and electronic form , but the justice writing the majority opinion will usually deliver an oral summary at the beginning of a public session . In extraordinary occasions , the lead dissenting justice can demand equal time with an oral rebuttal . The court 's opinions are final . The only exception is the court itself , which can over time overturn its own precedent , as it did with racial segregation . But most justices rely on the principle of "  stare decisis , " Latin for "  to stand by a decision , " where a current court should be bound by previous rulings . Case arguments and the opinions are posted on the U.S. Supreme Court 's Web site : www.supremecourt.gov .	Court 's in session : The marshal shouts the traditional welcome -- "  Oyez ! Oyez ! Oyez ! " The justices are seated by seniority , with the chief justice in the middle No cameras are allowed , but the public sessions are audio recorded Up to 10,000 petitions go to court 's docket each term ; only about 1 % are accepted
CNN  -- The search of a pond in Bristol , Connecticut , in connection with the murder investigation involving Aaron Hernandez failed to turn up any new evidence , authorities said Tuesday . "  No evidence was recovered and , at the present time , no more dives are planned , " Lt. Kevin Morrell told CNN 's Susan Candiotti . Investigators have refused to say what they were searching for , but a law enforcement source previously told CNN they were searching for the .45 caliber handgun believed to have been used to kill Odin Lloyd . Authorities have conducted an extensive search at Pine Lake without success . They turned their attention to a small retention pond directly across the street from the lake on Tuesday . Hernandez , the former New England Patriot , is charged with Lloyd 's murder in Massachusetts last June and has pleaded not guilty .	Divers failed to turn up any new evidence at the pond Authorities were looking for the gun used to kill Odin Lloyd , police say Former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez is charged with Lloyd 's murder Hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the June slaying
CNN  -- The death of a Google executive on a yacht is raising new questions about the death of a nightclub owner on the other side of the country -- because of the possible role an alleged prostitute played in each case . Alix Catherine Tichelman , 26 , appeared in court Wednesday in Santa Cruz , California , where she faces a series of charges in the death of Forrest Timothy Hayes , 51 . The married father of five was found dead in November on his 50-foot yacht . Authorities say Tichelman gave him an injection of heroin and then , as he began to die , she sipped her wine , gathered her belongings , and walked away . She has not entered a plea . Two months before Hayes died , Dean Riopelle , whom Tichelman identified online as her boyfriend , died at his home in Milton , Georgia . Tichelman was there at the time , and she called 911 . "  Her story was : She was in the shower , heard a large crash , and then found him unconscious on the floor , " Capt. Shawn McCarty of Milton police told CNN Thursday . "  I think my boyfriend overdosed or something , he , like , he wo n't respond , " she said in the brief call , shortly before hanging up . The dispatcher called Tichelman back . Asked why she thought it was an overdose , Tichelman responded , "  Because there 's nothing else it could be . " Asked whether it was accidental or intentional , she replied , "  definitely accidental . " He was taking painkillers and "  drinking a lot too , " she said . The call cut off . The dispatcher tried at least twice more , but the phone rang and went to voicemail . The medical examiner ruled Riopelle 's death an accidental overdose from heroin and alcohol . "  At the time , we never thought anything different , " McCarty said . Riopelle owned the Masquerade Nightclub in Atlanta and played in a local band . A former band mate doubts Riopelle overdosed . "  There is no way that guy did heroin , no freaking way , " Allen Vine told CNN affiliate KRON . Vine said he met Tichelman shortly after Riopelle started dating her . "  He was in no shape or form , any kind of user for heroin or drugs or anything , " Vine said . "  He was health conscious . " Now authorities are taking a new look at that death "  to make sure there 's nothing  else  to it , " McCarty said . Tichelman also was arrested last year in Atlanta and charged with battery and false report of a crime . The details of that incident were unclear . Death of Google Glass executive Hayes , 51 , had an "  ongoing prostitution relationship " with Tichelman , authorities say . Online , Tichelman has boasted of having more than 200 client relationships . Security footage from Hayes ' yacht shows her administer the injection and what happened afterward , as he was dying , police say . "  Rather than provide first aid or call 911 , Ms. Tichelman proceeds to gather her belongings including the heroin and needles , " the police statement reads , adding that Tichelman stepped over Hayes ' body several times . The video also shows Tichelman leaving the boat and then reaching back to lower a blind , concealing the victim 's body from outside view , police say . How heroin kills you At court Wednesday in Santa Cruz , she was charged with manslaughter , administering heroin to another person , administering bodily harm , moving heroin across county lines , possession of heroin , destroying or concealing evidence , and prostitution . A public defender asked that her arraignment be postponed until July 16 . Police came across Tichelman in the course of investigating the death of Hayes , a Google executive who , reports say , worked on the Google Glass project , among others . Authorities became concerned that she planned to leave the state , so detectives posing as a potential client lured her to an "  upscale location " for a July 4 session costing $ 1,000 . She was arrested when she arrived . Google did not return messages seeking comment . Apple , where reports say Hayes previously worked , declined comment . "  I was really devastated when I heard about it , " Todd Zion , who worked at Google for a short time under Hayes , told The San Francisco Chronicle . "  He was a great boss . I never had a chance to thank him . " ` Nice to talk with someone about killing sprees ' Tichelman describes herself as a model , makeup artist and writer on what appears to be her Facebook page . It says she formerly worked at Larry Flynt 's Hustler Club and studied journalism at Georgia State University in Atlanta . "  It 's really nice to talk with someone about killing sprees and murdering people in cold blood ... and they love it too , " a June 28 post on the page reads . "  No judgement  sic  . Yay ! F**k all of that positivity bullsh ** . Take a look around you . Life is hard and then you die . " The profile includes numerous modeling shots of Tichelman , some of them in provocative poses . By midafternoon Wednesday , the page appeared to have been deleted . Tennessee man accused of chopping up woman and eating her remains Many claim to be child of Zodiac Killer ; Louisiana man is only the latest Man charged with murder 23 years after abusing infant daughter CNN 's Augie Martin and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	In Georgia incident , Tichelman described her boyfriend as overdosing Forrest Timothy Hayes , 51 , was found dead on his California yacht in November Police say Alix Tichelman , 26 , was seen on video footage on yacht Authorities say she injected Hayes with heroin and left casually as he was dying
President Barack Obama delivered one of the most crucial addresses of his presidency , seeking to convince an overwhelmingly skeptical public of the need to punish Syria militarily for alleged chemical weapons use while demonstrating a commitment to pursuing a surprise diplomatic opening to remove those stockpiles from the war-torn nation . With many in Washington and on Main Street demanding clarity during fast-moving events , Obama had five questions to answer Tuesday night : Did he do it ? 1 . With diplomacy in play , why is military action necessary ? This was the most important question the president needed to tackle in his 15-minute , prime-time address . In a major development , Syria has reportedly accepted a Russian proposal to hand over its chemical weapons stockpile to international control , but the details of what was actually agreed to are still murky . The White House is skeptical , cautioning that it could be a stall tactic . But it said it would take a hard look , and it pledged to work with international partners to see what can be achieved . Obama is dispatching Secretary of State John Kerry to Geneva , Switzerland , on Thursday to meet with his Russian counterpart to see where the initiative may go . A stunning turn that could silence Syria war drums Obama spent most of the speech laying out a chronology of events and pushing for military action on moral , political and strategic grounds , saying that previous efforts to resolve the Syrian conflict diplomatically had failed . He painted a graphic picture of an August 21 attack that his administration says was carried out by the regime of Bashar al-Assad and killed more than 1,400 people . "  The images from this massacre are sickening : Men , women , children lying in rows , killed by poison gas . Others foaming at the mouth , gasping for breath . A father clutching his dead children , imploring them to get up and walk . On that terrible night , the world saw in gruesome detail the terrible nature of chemical weapons , and why the overwhelming majority of humanity has declared them off limits -- a crime against humanity and a violation of the laws of war , " he said . He only brought up the Russian development later in the address , calling the offer an encouraging sign . But he warned that "  it 's too early to tell whether this offer will succeed , and any agreement must verify that the Assad regime keeps its commitments . " He left open the possibility of diplomacy falling short , saying that he has ordered the military to maintain its posture in the region "  to keep the pressure on Assad . " And he wrapped up by arguing that America must lead and that force was just in this case . "  America is not the world 's policeman . Terrible things happen across the globe , and it is beyond our means to right every wrong . But when , with modest effort and risk , we can stop children from being gassed to death , and thereby make our own children safer over the long run , I believe we should act . That 's what makes America different . That 's what makes us exceptional , " he said . He did , however , put on hold the domestic effort intended to approve a military strike . He asked Congress hold off on voting on the issue -- a vote he probably did not have majority support for . Commentators said after the speech that most Americans probably understand the moral case , but they questioned whether Obama could ultimately sway public opinion to see things his way . A CNN/IRC International initial poll of viewers of the speech found that 47 % said Obama made a convincing case for action , compared with 50 % who said he did not . U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings , a Maryland Democrat and staunch Obama supporter who is undecided about the Syria issue , praised him for "  a very good job " but said his position remained unchanged . "  It was not a wasted speech , " said Cummings , noting that his constituents are tired of war . "  I thought he made a great moral argument . " Share your view of the speech 2 . Why should Americans worry about Syria ? Obama stressed again that the use of sarin gas in Syria was a moral abomination that Americans and the international community simply can not tolerate . But , simply put , Americans are sick of war . In a CNN/ORC poll released Monday , six in 10 say the Iraq war was a mistake , and about half say the same thing about Afghanistan . Three-quarters say the United States is not the world 's policeman . Additionally , nearly seven in 10 say that it 's not in the U.S. national interest to get involved in Syria 's civil war . Moreover , 72 % , say a U.S. airstrike would not achieve significant American goals . Still , Obama laid out a strategic rationale for military force , saying that what happens in Syria could affect allies in the region , including Israel -- all in the U.S. interest , he said . Inaction , he said , would leave al-Assad "  with no reason to stop using chemical weapons . " And as the global ban against them erodes , "  other tyrants " could acquire them and use them , as well against civilians and even American troops . "  If fighting spills beyond Syria 's borders , these weapons could threaten allies like Turkey , Jordan and Israel . And a failure to stand against the use of chemical weapons would weaken prohibitions against other weapons of mass destruction , and embolden Assad 's ally , Iran , which must decide whether to ignore international law by building a nuclear weapon or to take a more peaceful path , " Obama said . CNN Poll : Part of Syria strike opposition is the messenger 's fault Bruce Riedel , director of the Intelligence Project at the Brookings Institution , said an indirect connection to Americans ' security is a difficult case to make , "  and the president is not making it . " "  I do n't think he can make a case , because I do n't think he knows what to do , " Riedel added . 3 . What would be the endgame ? Obama explained the goal of military strikes . He has said the United States does not want to use the strike to take out al-Assad , institute regime change or even aid the rebels in the civil war . "  The purpose of this strike would be to deter Assad from using chemical weapons , to degrade his regime 's ability to use them and to make clear to the world that we will not tolerate their use , " Obama said . Obama did say the United States could not "  resolve someone else 's civil war through force , " and he said he would not send in American troops or pursue an open-ended war like those in Iraq or Afghanistan . "  I will not pursue a prolonged air campaign like Libya or Kosovo . This would be a targeted strike to achieve a clear objective , " he said . "  Even a limited strike will send a message to Assad that no other nation can deliver , " he said . "  A targeted strike can make Assad , or any other dictator , think twice before using chemical weapons . " He said that "  the day after any military action , we would redouble our efforts to achieve a political solution that strengthens those who reject the forces of tyranny and extremism . " Sen. Rand Paul , a Kentucky Republican and a member of the Foreign Relations Committee , told CNN after the speech that Obama did not provide a clear military objective for attacking Syria . He said bombing the regime will not truly hold al-Assad accountable and "  will create instability in the Middle East " that would leave an opening for extremist elements in Syria allied with al Qaeda . U.S. Rep. David Valadao , R-California , agreed with Paul . "  The president has failed to deliver some sort of plan that tells the American people that we can do this and this is what we are trying to accomplish , " he told CNN . U.S. Senate : How they 'll vote on Syria strike 4 . If the U.S. attacks , what if al-Assad retaliates ? This is a major risk that concerns many members of Congress . If the U.S. military attack is extremely limited and al-Assad retaliates , what are the contingency plans ? Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , asked that critical question : "  What if we execute this strike and then he decides to use chemical weapons again . Do we strike again ? " She said it 's one of her biggest concerns . Obama did not address the contingency scenario directly , other than to say that not responding would carry unacceptable risks . "  If we fail to act , the Assad regime will see no reason to stop using chemical weapons , " he said , adding that continued use could make it easier for terrorists to get their hands on them . Al-Assad has said he would respond . "  You should expect everything , " he told PBS and CBS interviewer Charlie Rose . Obama said the United States does not dismiss threats . "  But the Assad regime does not have the ability to seriously threaten our military . Any other retaliation they might seek is in line with threats that we face every day . Neither Assad nor his allies have any interest in escalation that would lead to his demise , " Obama said . 5 . Now that Syria welcomes diplomacy , why did Obama address the public ? Obama told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer this week that he is n't convinced that Syria is telling the truth . The administration distrusts Syria and its ally Russia , and it worries that the proposal to hand over its chemical weapons stockpile is simply a tactic to buy time and derail a potential U.S. strike . While the administration indicated that it will look into Syria 's offer , the president does n't want to get burned . So he continued to press his case for a military strike . And if Syria 's offer proves empty , the president wo n't have lost any time waiting on the sidelines . Obama told the nation from the start : "  I want to talk to you about Syria -- why it matters and where we go from here . " Riedel said the speech put the president in a difficult situation . "  He was trying to convince people of a war they do n't want , but he 's also saying wait , " Riedel noted . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , a co-host of CNN 's "  Crossfire , " said Obama was misguided in going on national television with the situation so fluid and having told Congress to hold off on considering a force resolution to give diplomacy a chance . Rep. Valadao said the president 's speech did nothing to convince him to support a possible military strike . He said that after attending every possible briefing and listening to the speech , "  It 's locked me more into a solid ` no ' than anything . "	Obama addressed the nation from the White House on Tuesday night He addressed several key questions in a bid to sway public opinion Poll : Many think Obama has not done a good job explaining the need to attack Syria A Russian proposal on Syria 's chemical arms is affecting Obama 's case for action
CNN  -- President Obama and his family arrived Friday for a weekend getaway in Maine , but along with a little rest and relaxation comes criticism that the president is taking it easy with the Gulf of Mexico oil crisis in a critical phase . The Obamas plan to spend the weekend on Mount Desert Island , home of Acadia National Park . The trip marks the president 's third weekend vacation since the oil disaster began in April . The Republican National Committee launched a website blasting what it considers Obama 's "  leisure activities or missteps " during the oil disaster , like playing golf , attending concerts and vacationing in Asheville , North Carolina ; Chicago , Illinois ; and now Maine . Obama has also faced criticism for scheduling a trip up north , instead of vacationing in the Gulf , as he advised other Americans to do . "  Presidents are certainly entitled to vacation , just like everybody else , but there is a fine line as to when presidents should do it , what they should and where they should do it , " said Brad Blakeman , a former member of President George W. Bush 's senior staff and the deputy assistant for appointments and scheduling . "  Presidents have to be cognizant of the fact that everything they do is going to be scrutinized , " said Blakeman , who also is a professor for Georgetown University 's Semester in Washington program . Democratic strategist Jamal Simmons said the Republican criticism is "  galling , " considering Bush 's frequent trips to Camp David and his home in Crawford , Texas . "  Barack Obama is working as hard as any president that we 've had in recent history and certainly harder than the most immediate previous president , " he said . CBS 's Mark Knoller , who keeps track of presidents ' comings and goings , calculated that Bush spent all or part of 977 days at Camp David or in Texas during his two terms . Blakeman noted that visits to those locations were working trips and not getaways . Bush 's staff would travel with him , and work would continue as usual . The Crawford ranch was known as the "  Western White House " because of the infrastructure there . As for calls that Obama should vacation in the Gulf , Simmons said , "  Where he chooses to take his days off should really be up to him . We do n't want to get into a situation where the president is making familial vacation decisions based upon polling or political maneuvers . " Scott Stanzel , Bush 's deputy press secretary who often traveled with the president when he was away from the White House , said that changing locations provided a good opportunity to escape the hustle and bustle of Washington . "  President Bush , on the weekends , would often go to Camp David because the size of the bubble you are in expands , so you can go out for a walk or bike ride without having to arrange security detail , " he said . Stanzel was in Crawford with Bush for a number of crises that could not have been planned for , like the conviction of Saddam Hussein , the death of President Ford and the assassination of Pakistani politician Benazir Bhutto . Bush was notified of Bhutto 's death immediately and delivered a statement to the press pool . "  It would have almost been like we were at the White House in terms of the teams that would convene and talk about the issues surrounding that assassination , " Stanzel said . The problem for Obama , Stanzel said , is the visuals that could come out of his trip . A picture of Obama playing golf alongside images from the Gulf could send a negative message . Paul Begala , a CNN contributor and former adviser to President Clinton , said that vacationing or not , "  The president is the president wherever he is . "  I thought it was silly when people attacked Bush for going on vacation , so I 'll be consistent and say it 's silly when people attack President Obama for going on vacation , " he said . "  Of all of the concerns that Americans may have , they do not need to worry whether President Obama is a hard-working man . They may agree or disagree with his policies , but there is just no doubt that the guy is busting his rear end . "	Obama and family at Mount Desert Island , Maine , for the weekend GOP criticizing Obama for vacationing during environmental disaster Democratic strategist says criticism is "  galling , " considering Bush 's frequent trips "  The president is the president wherever he is , " Paul Begala says
CNN  -- We enjoyed some chuckles last week over Spotify 's list of its most misquoted songs . Looks like you did , too . In case you missed it , our story on this cited classic misunderstood lyrics by everyone from Jimi Hendrix  "  Excuse me while I kiss this guy "  to Creedence Clearwater Revival  "  there 's a bathroom on the right "  . While it 's hard to top Elton John 's "  Hold me closer , Tony Danza , " CNN commenters offered up many worthy suggestions for other well-known songs with confusing lyrics . Some submissions appeared to be sincere misunderstandings of the actual songs , while others were clearly jokes . In some cases , the garbled lyric was better than the real one . Well done , clever readers ! Here are 10 more of our favorites : -- "  Reverend blue jeans , " by Neil Diamond . Actual lyric : "  Forever in blue jeans . "  Submitted by CNN commenter Meerkat -- "  I left Jermaine down in Africa , " by Toto . Actual lyric : "  I bless the rain down in Africa . "  Timothy A. Johnson -- "  Like a virgin , touched for the 41st time , " by Madonna . Actual lyric : "  Like a virgin , touched for the very first time . "  AA -- "  Lucy in disguise with diamonds , " by the Beatles . Actual lyric : "  Lucy in the sky with diamonds . "  Jayme Rosenberger -- "  Israeli men ! Hallelujah ! " by the Weather Girls . Actual lyric : "  It 's raining men ! Hallelujah ! "  Fire Ant Queen Bachmann -- "  Open condom style , " by Psy . Actual lyric : "  Oppan Gangnam style . "  Truth Hurts -- "  I want to rock and roll all night , and part of every day , " by Kiss . Actual lyric : "  I want to rock and roll all night , and party every day . "  BethP -- " It does n't make a difference if we 're naked or not , " by Bon Jovi . Actual lyric : "  It does n't make a difference if we make it or not ' . "  ThreePeas -- "  Walking in the middle of the land , " from the much-recorded holiday song , "  Winter Wonderland . " Actual lyric : "  Walking in a winter wonderland . "  Bob Cummins Top prize , however , goes to Eddie Money 's 1978 hit "  Two Tickets to Paradise , " which somehow inspired a whole playlist of tortured titles : -- "  I 've got ... two tricks and a pair of dice "  Ben -- "  2 ticks and a parasite "  Lee Ingham -- "  two crickets and pair of mice "  Train4499 -- "  two Chiclets to sterilize "  allmosttoast -- "  2 chickens to paralyze "  a guest user  . Got any more ? Rock on in the comments . Our five favorite ALL-CAPS rants Astronaut sings Bowie 's ` Space Oddity ' in zero gravity	CNN commenters offer more well-known songs with misunderstood lyrics Suggestions were made in response to a story last week on Spotify 's song list No , the Beatles never sang "  Lucy in disguise with diamonds "
CNN  Although much of the United States has been shivering this winter , there 's been another worrying sign of warming temperatures farther north . The cap of sea ice that spreads across the Arctic Ocean in winter appears to have been the smallest on record this year , according to NASA . Not only was this year 's maximum extent , reached on February 25 , the smallest on the satellite record , it 's also one of the earliest . Barring a late spurt of ice growth -- possible but unlikely , according to a NASA news release -- this sets a new precedent . The analysis is based on data from the NASA-supported National Snow and Ice Data Center  NSIDC  at the University of Colorado , Boulder . Arctic sea ice , frozen seawater floating on top of the Arctic Ocean and its neighboring seas , is in a state of constant flux . It increases its area in winter , usually peaking between late February and early April , and then shrinks in the warmth of spring and summer to reach its lowest extent in September . If this year 's maximum extent , totaling 5.61 million square miles , was reached on February 25 , it was reached 15 days earlier than the 1981 to 2010 average date of March 12 , according to NSIDC . Only once before did the peak come earlier , by just one day in 1996 . A peak of 5.61 million square miles is about 50,000 square miles below the previous lowest peak wintertime extent , reached in 2011 , according to NSIDC . Scientists have been using satellite data to track changes in Arctic sea ice , a vital habitat for birds and marine mammals such as polar bears , seals and walruses , for over three decades . According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , Ted Scambos , NSIDC lead scientist , puts the potentially record low maximum sea ice extent this year down to low ice extent in the Pacific and a late drop in ice extent in the Barents Sea . Strong southerly winds in early March also played a role , according to NOAA . Only the Baffin Bay area and the waters around Newfoundland had more ice than normal this winter , it said . Scientists say it does n't necessarily follow that a low maximum winter extent will mean a record amount of shrinkage in sea ice over the summer , however . While the winter sea ice extent was low in 2006 and 2011 , neither of those years saw an unusually low summer minimum , NOAA said . "  The winter maximum gives you a head start , but the minimum is so much more dependent on what happens in the summer that it seems to wash out anything that happens in the winter , " Walt Meier , a sea ice scientist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , is quoted as saying by NASA . "  If the summer is cool , the melt rate will slow down . And the opposite is true , too : even if you start from a fairly high point , warm summer conditions make ice melt fast . "  This was highlighted by 2012 , when we had one of the later maximums on record and extent was near-normal early in the melt season , but still the 2012 minimum was by far the lowest minimum we 've seen . " Meanwhile , the summer minimum ice extent reached in the Antarctic was one of the highest recorded , NOAA said . But this is n't cause for much optimism faced with evidence of a warming planet . "  Over the span of the satellite record , Arctic sea ice has been declining significantly , while sea ice in the Antarctic has increased very slightly , " the NOAA news release said . "  Recent research demosntrates that the Antarctic gains do not balance out the Arctic losses : globally , sea ice extent has decreased over the past several decades . " According to the NSIDC , sea ice in the Arctic appears to play a more important role in regulating global temperatures than that in the Antarctic .	Scientists say Arctic sea ice appears to have set a record low maximum extent this winter Barring an unlikely late surge in sea ice growth , the 2015 maximum is 5.61 million square miles
CNN  -- Top seed Maria Sharapova survived a scare against Tsvetana Pironkova before securing her place in round three at Wimbledon . Sharapova , whose first Grand Slam victory came at Wimbledon eight years ago , resumed at 7-6 3-1 after bad light had halted her progress on Wednesday . But Bulgarian Pironkova quickly broke back and went on to level the match in a second-set tie break . That was a wake-up call for the French Open champion , though , as Russian number one seed Sharapova took the deciding set 6-0 . "  I started with no motor whatsoever . I was just on pause but I guess it 's more important how you finish , " Sharapova said . Four-time Wimbledon champion Serena Williams breezed through as she dismissed Melinda Czink 6-1 6-4 in less than an hour . And it was a similarly comfortable passage for second seed Victoria Azarenka , as last year 's semi-finalst eased through with a 6-2 6-0 win over Swiss Romina Oprandi . There was a surprise defeat for 2007 finalist and ninth seed Marion Bartoli , who was beaten 6-4 6-3 by Croatia 's Mirjana Lucic . Eight seed Angelique Kerber beat Ekaterina Makarova 7-5 6-3 and will face Christina McHale in round three after the 28th seed beat Mathilde Johansson 7-5 7-5 . Former world number one Ana Ivanovic beat Kateryna Bondarenko 6-3 7-6  7-3  and will now face German 22nd seed Julia Goerges . But British hopes in the women 's draw were extinguished as Anne Keothavong 's hopes of reaching the third round for the first time were quickly dispatched by French Open finalist Sara Errani , who cruised to a 6-1 6-1 win .	Number one seed Maria Sharapova survives a scare before beating Tsvetana Pironkova in three sets Four-times Wimbledon champion Serena Williams also through with win over Melinda Czink Second seed Victoria Azarenka beats Swiss Romina Oprandi 6-2 6-0 French Open finalist Sara Errani crushes home favorite Anne Keothavong 6-1 6-1
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- As the rallies for Trayvon Martin grow , as the media coverage surrounding the tragedy deepens and as the calls for justice get louder , we all must remember one thing : Revenge and justice are not the same thing . The $ 10,000 bounty issued by the New Black Panther Party for the capture of Trayvon 's shooter , George Zimmerman , might feel justified given what we know of the shooting death . But it is not a call for justice . It is a call for revenge . When the group 's leader , Mikhail Muhammad , calls for "  an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , " it is a call for revenge . Muhammad 's words at a rally -- "  If the government wo n't do the job , we 'll do it " -- might feel empowering , might feel good . But that sentiment flies in the face of every call for justice that was made as well at that rally . Anyone who is considering taking Muhammad up on his offer , or even embarking on a solitary journey of revenge should , to quote the Chinese philosopher Confucius , "  dig two graves . " Â Nothing good can come from a bunch of vigilantes hunting down and possibly harming another vigilante , regardless of how noble the motivation for doing so may appear on the surface . As angry as I am , and as many of you are , what Muhammad is proposing can only make a bad situation worse . He needs to retract the bounty proposal immediately . Enough violence , and images of violence , surround this tragedy already . A "  war " on stereotypes . The "  fight " against racism . It feels as if we ca n't even discuss the issue of race as it relates to the Martin case without using words that are linked to violence . Nothing about the word "  war " connotes healing . Very little about a bounty suggests togetherness . I 'm not just splitting hairs over semantics . It is science that suggests the words we use shape the way we think . And what we think is the precursor to what we do . If we continue to allow words of conflict to define the conversation about race and racial profiling , then I fear we will move on from this tragedy having learned absolutely nothing , like so many times before . I know many people think of Martin as a modern-day Emmett Till , the 14-year-old black kid from Chicago who was kidnapped and killed by a pair of racist white men in Mississippi in 1955 . I tend to see Martin as the new Ryan White , the young man who was diagnosed with AIDS in 1984 at the age of 13 . Before White 's story , the disease was in the public 's peripheral vision , truly discussed only by people who experienced its impact . But once a young , innocent face became associated with AIDS , the country 's attitude changed and we began addressing it more effectively . Â Opinion : Trayvon 's killing and Florida 's tragic past Similarly , racial profiling was something only those directly affected would talk about . But the Martin tragedy has the potential to change that -- if we let it . Earlier this week , Will Cain and I were guests of Don Lemon 's on CNN and quickly found ourselves in a heated discussion about whether it was appropriate for President Barack Obama to comment on the tragedy . Over the next eight minutes , we fought and argued over issues of race and racial profiling . We continued the conversation once the TV segment was over . We talked on the way to the CNN makeup room . We talked as we left the building , crossed the street and had a beer . My point is , we talked -- not in an effort to fight but to understand each other . To build something . We 're hardly the perfect example of race relations . In fact , both of us are constantly told via Twitter , Facebook and other social media just how racist we are . But we try to take each criticism with a grain of salt , understanding that at the end of the day , we 're just a couple of men , a couple of fathers who want the same thing : a better world for our kids . And I tend to believe we 're not the only ones . But we do n't get to that place through revenge , because revenge is cyclical and gets us nowhere . No , we get to that better world for our kids by walking the long linear line of justice , side by side , picking each other up when one falls , reaching a hand back when one gets tired , never forgetting that no matter how divergent our opinions might be from time to time , we 're in this thing together . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	New Black Panther Party 's bounty to capture Trayvon 's shooter is call for revenge LZ : Bounty should be withdrawn : Revenge is not justice ; violence solves nothing We use violent terms to discuss the tragedy , he says : War on stereotypes , fight against racism LZ says revenge leads to more revenge , but justice will help build a better world
CNN  -- I know whose house I would avoid on Halloween if I lived in Fargo , North Dakota . Instead of handing out candy , a local woman called into a radio station , saying she plans to pass out letters to trick-or-treaters she feels are "  moderately obese . " How do you say killjoy ? "  I just want to send a message to the parents of kids that are really overweight , " said the woman , who identified herself only as Cheryl , during an interview with WDAY-FM radio in Fargo . "  I think it 's just really irresponsible of parents to just sort of send them out looking for free candy just 'cause all of the other kids are doing it , " she said . Since news of such a Halloween plan went viral , people have called CNN affiliate KXJB-TV questioning whether the story is a hoax , according to the station . But "  Rat , " WDAY-FM 's morning co-host , told CNN it was definitely not a radio station stunt . "  The woman Cheryl did call into our show , " he said . "  We have been unable to get her back on the phone . " It remains unclear if the woman truly plans to hand out obesity letters or if this was all a prank . "  Whether Cheryl goes through with handing out letters or not seems to be a Halloween mystery , " said JT Thaden , brand manager for WDAY-FM . "  If any local children do get a letter , we 're encouraging them to stop by  our  studios and we 'll exchange it for a piece of candy . " The radio station said the woman e-mailed it the following message for parents : "  Your child is , in my opinion , moderately obese and should not be consuming sugar and treats to the extent of some children this Halloween season . "  My hope is that you will step up as a parent and ration candy this Halloween and not allow your child to continue these unhealthy eating habits . " Her goal , she said in the interview , is spurring action to battle a communitywide problem . "  Their kids are everybody 's kids . It 's a whole village , " she said . CNN iReport contributor Tony Posnanski said he was motivated to write a response of his own after hearing about what he calls the "  fat-shaming letter . " "  Any kind of fat letter is just a shame . It does n't solve anything , it just shames people , " he said in his iReport . Prank or not , Posnanski said the whole concept could still affect people . "  It can influence others to send in fat letters , too . When I was a child , I was overweight . I think the more that people pointed it out , it only put me through hell . " Posnanski said he plans to hand out his own positive letter along with Halloween candy to trick-or-treaters , pointing out how "  awesome " they are . "  I do n't think  my letter  is going to affect kids or parents , but it is better than handing out fat letters . This is a holiday for kids to have fun ; this is n't a holiday for candy , " he said . Plenty of people in my social community had some other choice words . "  This is despicable , " said Sue Scheff , author of the book "  Wit 's End : Advice and Resources for Saving Your Out-of-Control Teen , " on Facebook . "  Talk about giving a child a complex and deflating their self-esteem especially in front of their peers . " "  Holy cr * p ! This is just plain mean , " said Sarah Winer Maizes of Los Angeles , a children 's book author and blogger , also on Facebook . "  It 's just plain heartless . Can we videotape someone giving her a ` you 're a heinous creature of a human being ' note ? " "  This is terrible , particularly for the girls already overly concerned about body image , " said new mom Katie Resnick Lamoureux of Hyannis , Massachusetts . Opinion : ` Fat letters ' from schools to parents are wrong Lynn Grefe , president and CEO of the National Eating Disorders Association , agrees , saying such a concept , along with letters from schools to parents about a child 's body mass index , would be the wrong way to go . "  So-called ` fat letters ' have no place in schools and certainly no place in our kids ' Halloween buckets and bags , " Grefe said . "  Bringing attention to a child 's weight and size in this way is yet one more thoughtless approach that targets and bullies children , putting them at risk for low self-esteem and ultimately developing an eating disorder . " She added , "  Health should be assessed by a medical doctor , certainly not a stranger who might be dressed as one . " Everyone in my social networking circles was horrified by the North Dakotan 's possible approach , but some also recognized there 's a real problem . "  I agree that the community as a whole should support and promote healthy lifestyles because it does take a village , but this is not the way to go about it , " said Janet Abrams Piechota on Facebook . Said a reader who goes by the Twitter handle @nunoc3 , "  Wrong strategy for a real problem . " "  Maybe she should just give out healthy snacks to all , " @patgee59 tweeted . "  Do n't be the fat monitor . " Yes , she can join the small number of families  less than 5 % according to a poll for a story I did a few years back  who give out healthy snacks -- raisins , fruit , even toothbrushes and dental floss on Halloween . Like the woman in North Dakota , I guess these families also have good intentions , but come on , folks , it 's Halloween . Mike Adamick , a stay-at-home dad in San Francisco , had another idea . "  I want to hand out letters to people who hand out raisins or dental floss ... although with a kid there , I suppose the correct response would be , ` Thank you . ' Still , killjoys , " said the blogger and author of the book , "  Dad 's Book of Awesome Projects . " I agree , which is why I sent my children to school with what my husband called an "  unconscionable " amount of candy in small baggies to give out to their friends . Now I just hope their moms do n't send me a letter . Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	A woman tells radio station she will hand out warnings to obese kids on Halloween It 's unclear if her suggestion is real or merely a radio station stunt But such an idea has been met with outrage online "  Wrong strategy for a real problem " is a sentiment shared by many
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A female suicide bomber Friday detonated in a crowd of mostly women and children on their way to a religious festival , killing at least 38 people and wounding 50 others , an Interior Ministry official said . Devout Shia Muslims walk in Baghdad towards the holy city of Karbala . The attack took place around noon between the towns of Iskandariya and Mussayib , south of the capital , Baghdad , as hundreds of thousands of Shia pilgrims are making their way to Karbala for Arbaeen , one of the holiest Shiite events . Ten of those injured are in critical condition . The suicide attack comes on the heels of other bombings targeting Shiite pilgrims earlier in the week and are signs that the sectarian conflicts that devastated Iraq in recent years are not over . An explosion in Karbala on Thursday killed at least five Shiite pilgrims and wounded 50 near a shrine . On Wednesday , a double car bombing struck a Baghdad bus station where Shiite pilgrims gathered for the holy day . Sixteen people were killed and 43 were wounded . Also , two pilgrims were killed and 16 were wounded Wednesday in roadside bombings in Baghdad . The holy day commemorates the end of a 40-day mourning period for Imam Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed and one of the most revered Shiite figures . He died in battle in the seventh century and is buried in Karbala . In recent years , insurgents have targeted Shiite pilgrims , who usually walk to Karbala from across Iraq as a demonstration of piety and as part of tradition . The city is about 60 miles  100 km  southwest of Baghdad . Last year , a flurry of attacks on pilgrims killed at least 48 people . In 2007 , more than 180 pilgrims were killed in a series of attacks , most from suicide bombings in Babil province , through which the pilgrims pass . More than 30,000 Iraqi Security Forces troops have been deployed in and around Karbala this year to protect the anticipated millions of pilgrims heading there for Monday 's commemoration , according to Karbala 's military commander , Gen. Othman al-Ghanemi . CNN 's Yousil Bassil contributed to this report .	Female suicide bomber detonates in a crowd on way to a religious festival In recent years , insurgents have targeted Iraqi Shiite pilgrims walking to Karbala 2 children killed in separate incident when unexploded mortar round exploded
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Google has not altered its search engine in Argentina despite a court order to do so because the company has not yet received an official order from the court , a spokeswoman said Thursday . Until Google is served with the injunction , the company will not remove any search results from its search engine or comment on the matter , Victoria Campetella told CNN . An Argentine court this week granted an injunction that blocks the Internet giant from "  suggesting " searches that lead to certain sites that have been deemed anti-Semitic , and removes the sites from the search engine 's index . The injunction , filed by DAIA , an umbrella organization of Argentina 's Jewish community , also prohibits Google from advertising on the stated websites . The injunction names 76 sites that the organization considers "  highly discriminatory . " Google 's suggested searches are a Google algorithm that offers search terms similar to the one the user appears to be typing in . "  The common denominator on these sites is the incitement of hate and the call to violence , " DAIA said in a statement . "  In none of these cases are there discussions or criticisms from the academic , technological , political or philosophical perspectives . " "  It 's a slippery slope . I do n't think that the people of Argentina are harmed by the inability to see anti-Semitic content , but I think that the best answer is counter-speech , " said Ryan Calo , a researcher at the Stanford Center for Internet and Society . He noted that Google , faced with anti-Semitic search results in the United States , responded by posting an ad with a link to a statement that includes a link to information from the Anti-Defamation League . "  If you recently used Google to search for the word ` Jew , ' you may have seen results that were very disturbing . We assure you that the views expressed by the sites in your results are not in any way endorsed by Google , " Google 's policy statement says . It goes on to note that citizens and organizations have urged the company to remove links or adjust search results . "  Although Google reserves the right to address such requests individually , Google views the comprehensiveness of our search results as an extremely important priority , " the statement says . "  Accordingly , we do not remove a page from our search results simply because its content is unpopular or because we receive complaints concerning it . " Argentina has the largest Jewish population in Latin America . The Jewish community there numbers more than 250,000 , with the majority residing in the capital , Buenos Aires . The court ruling on the injunction notes that restrictions on freedom of speech and censorship are illegal under the Argentine constitution , but also notes that the constitution protects people from discrimination . As such , the judge cited previous cases in Argentina that establish that in some restricted cases , it is permissible to prevent the diffusion of certain publications if they infringe on someone 's personal rights . Judge Carlos Molina Portela concluded that "  the terms mentioned  in the lawsuit  as well as the results obtained through ` suggested searches ' could be described as discriminatory acts and/or at least , incitement and/or encouragement for discrimination . " According to DAIA , the suggested search complaint focused on 13 terms that led to websites that are anti-Semitic , some of which deny that the Holocaust took place . The group did not disclose the 13 terms in question , nor the names of the websites that were blocked . In a statement , the group said that by suggesting these websites , Google is "  inducing and directing traffic to sites with offensive and illegal content . " In Argentina , there have been previous cases in which individuals have sued to have certain websites removed from Google 's index , citing invasion of privacy , said Robert Faris , research director for the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard . The court actions in Argentina appear to view Google more as a publisher of information than as an intermediary , he said . "  It seems to reflect a misunderstanding of how the Internet works and how search engines work , " he said . Cynthia Wong , director of the Global Internet Freedom Project at the Washington-based Center for Democracy & Technology , said the Argentine court 's move was part of a "  problematic trend " on the part of many governments . "  At the end of the day , enlisting companies to become greater gatekeepers on content online really does shrink the range of speech that we can access . ... It 's dangerous to try to shut down speech , because you do n't get that kind of robust public debate about what should or should not be acceptable in a democratic society , " she said . While restrictions on the Internet are usually associated with countries such as China or Iran , it is not uncommon for other nations to try to impose some limits on it . Thailand , for example , asked Google to remove YouTube videos that showed the Thai king , Bhumibol Adulyadej , with feet near his head . In Thai culture , it 's considered extremely offensive for anyone 's feet to be near someone 's head . A national law bans such representations , and Google agreed not to show such videos within Thailand , although they are still available elsewhere in the world . Germany bans neo-Nazi content , and Google has agreed to remove such sites from its Google.de search engine in that country . Turkey , meanwhile , blocks YouTube because the company refused to take down all potentially offensive videos about Ataturk , the Turkish political hero . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Google has not yet received official notice of the injunction An organization representing the Jewish community requested an injunction A judge granted the request this week It affects certain results and websites that have been deemed anti-Semitic
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egypt 's top political parties have agreed to nominate a member of the Muslim Brotherhood as the nation 's next parliament speaker , the first time in decades that an Islamist would hold that post . The Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party won more than 40 % of the seats in recent elections and is expected to lead the country 's first parliament chosen since the ouster of former President Hosni Mubarak . The FJP-led alliance nominated its secretary-general , Mohamed al-Katatni , as parliament speaker . Al-Katatni , described as a moderate on the Brotherhood 's website , was detained by Mubarak 's state security forces together with FJP leaders Essam El-Erian and Mohamed Morsi , the chairman of the FJP . The parliament , which will be seated later this month , must appoint a 100-member panel to write a new Egyptian constitution . Presidential elections are set for June . Liberals fear that electoral gains for Islamists will steer Egypt down a rigid path away from democracy . Morsi tried to reassure Egyptians that the new constitution "  will be drafted without exemption of any stakeholders or exclusion of any parties , forces or currents . " "  We continue the march of the peaceful revolution , the Egyptian revolution of January 25 , which has achieved some of its objectives and as yet continues to achieve remaining ones , " he said . "  There is no doubt that the parliamentary election results were expressive of all Egyptians and their free will , the new parliament , too . " The agreement , signed Monday by six leading political parties , also allows the hardline Al Nour party and the liberal Al Wafd party to nominate two deputy speakers . But Al Wafd was not present at the meeting and did not sign the agreement . "  We were not informed of about the meeting and will announce our decision after our board meeting on Thursday , " Bahaa Abu Shaka , Al Wafd 's deputy chief , told CNN . The new parliament convenes a year after popular revolts erupted , eventually leading to Mubarak 's downfall . The longtime dictator is on trial on charges of corruption and ordering the deaths of hundreds of protesters . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has led Egypt 's government since Mubarak 's fall . It has said it will hand over power to a new government once one is in place . But the transition has not been quick or transparent enough for some Egyptians . A series of protests in Cairo last month resulted in violent and sometimes deadly clashes between demonstrators and soldiers . Gen. Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , who heads the Supreme Council , is expected to address the new parliament , according to the Morals Affairs Military Department .	The Muslim Brotherhood 's political arm won more than 40 % of parliamentary seats The man nominated as speaker is described as moderate The new parliament convenes a year after the Egyptian protests began Some liberals fear a more restrictive state with Islamists in power
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Worth an estimated $ 2.1 bn , Aliko Dangote is one of the richest men in Africa . The Dangote Group , which he started in 1977 , trading in commodities and building materials , is now a multi-billion dollar conglomerate spanning West Africa . Today , the business covers flour , sugar , pasta , clothing and cement which made Dangote Nigeria 's first billionaire in 2007 , according to Forbes magazine . Forbes said Dangote , 53 , began his business at the age of 21 with a loan from his uncle . He studied business studies at Al-Azahar University , Cairo , Egypt . Dangote said one of his cement factories , 30 minutes from Lagos , is already one of the largest in the world , and there are plans to double its capacity . He is building another cement factory in Ibese , with workers from Nigeria , China and India . Dangote is now one of the largest private sector employers in Nigeria , with a nationwide workforce of 12000 , a figure that is set to rise with the opening of new factories . Forbes puts Dangote at number 463 on its 2010 list of the world 's billionaires , estimating his fortune to be $ 2.1 bn . It said that Dangote 's commodities had helped him survive Nigeria 's financial meltdown last year , although his fortune has diminished from $ 3.3 bn in 2008 . Dangote told CNN he was motivated to create an African success story and to create employment in his home country . He said he was proud of his achievements : "  I feel great . I 'm feeling fulfilled that at least you are doing something great for your country . "  Nigeria is really the best place to invest . It is one of the best places to make money . You know all over the world it is the best kept secret actually in terms of investment . " His drive is indisputable . Dangote says he works 12-hour days which always begin at 5am . Despite the trappings of wealth -- he has two private planes and said he ca n't remember when he last flew on a commercial airline -- Dangote , married with two children , according to Forbes , says he lives a relatively simple life . "  I like exercising a lot , " he said . "  I go to the gym almost every day and I do about 15 km at least 6 times a week . " Dangote also says he is committed to improving the conditions of those living close to his factory , as part of his philosophy of corporate social responsibility .	Aliko Dangote became Nigeria 's first billionaire in 2007 He began his business in 1977 and has built it into a multi-billion dollar conglomerate Dangote 's business includes flour , sugar , pasta , clothing and cement
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egyptians go to the ballot boxes on Monday to vote for their fourth president in as many years . Unlike the last time they elected a president , the result of this election is a foregone conclusion . The former defense minister Abdel Fattah el-Sisi is widely expected to win in a massive landslide . What remains , however , rather difficult to predict is : what will an el-Sisi presidency bring to Egypt ? Egyptians have gone to the ballot box more than a half dozen times in the past four years . The last presidential elections resulted in a large number of candidates emerging , splitting the vote and leading to a run off between Ahmed Shafiq and Mohamed Morsy . The result was close , leading to the Muslim Brotherhood candidature of Morsy barely triumphing over Hosni Mubarak 's last prime minister , Shafiq . This time round , however , there is no possibility of a runoff round , because there are only two candidates . Morsy 's former defense minister , el-Sisi , who removed him from office after substantial protests almost a year ago , and the Nasserist contender , Hamdeen Sabahi , who came in third in the last presidential elections . The outcome is in little doubt -- el-Sisi can count on the support of the state 's main institutions , various media apparatuses , the political and economic elite , and a substantial proportion of the Egyptian population . Sabahi will struggle tremendously -- if he were to win even 25 % of the vote , it would be a respectable showing in the circumstances . The question remains , however : how will el-Sisi govern ? It is not entirely clear , because as yet , no official and complete presidential platform has even been released . His campaign team has indicated they do not believe it is appropriate to do so . Nor has el-Sisi himself been openly campaigning in rallies and so forth , with his team citing security concerns . That leaves room for a great deal of speculation , based on the few television interviews that the candidate has had and a few written ones , where he has constantly tried to lower expectations . What seems to be clear , however , is that el-Sisi 's most oft-repeated themes can be summed up in two : the Egyptian version of the "  War on Terror , " and an emphasis on the likelihood that Egyptians will not "  rest " as the economic difficulties are addressed . The first theme relates to a number of radical violent groups , such as "  Ansar Beit al-Maqdis , " which have been targeting police officers and military personnel over the past year . It also relates to the Muslim Brotherhood , an Islamist group that has been banned by the Egyptian government as a terrorist organization , although the designation has been disputed . Thousands of their supporters and members are either on trial or detained by the Egyptian state -- the most famous trials have resulted in scores of death penalty verdicts being recommended by Egyptian judges . It is , however , unlikely such sentences will be carried out , regardless of an el-Sisi presidency , even though he announced in an interview that in his presidency there would be "  no " Brotherhood . Nevertheless , the presidency of el-Sisi , who is blamed by the Brotherhood for orchestrating a military takeover last July , as well as massacres of their supporters , will still be regarded as illegitimate by supporters of that organization . Sisi 's non-Islamist opposition may acquiesce to the electoral result -- but they could still prove to be an additional thorn in the government 's side , agitating for progressive change . That may mean that the polarization of Egyptian society will continue for the foreseeable future . Regardless of the hopes of some , it is doubtful that the Brotherhood , or dissent in general , will simply disappear . The second theme relates more to the Egyptian economy , which is in a deeply worrying situation . It may continue to deteriorate , but wholesale collapse does not seem to be on the horizon . Egypt 's new authorities can count on the support of several Gulf countries , and the Egyptian military , as an institution , is expected to play a significant role in pushing forward on several projects designed to improve the Egyptian economy . The military 's top brass generally supported el-Sisi 's retirement , in order for him to run for the presidency , and for the time being at least , that institution will back him . Be that as it may , however , el-Sisi will become president at a time when the Egyptian public is more tired than ever . The last four years of instability have not delivered what that public expected , and while a significant proportion of it may give him a bit of breathing room in order to produce positive change , he will not be able to count on it indefinitely . If el-Sisi does not tackle the weighty problems concerning the economy , security  including security sector reform  , and corruption , he should expect there to be a reaction . In a country where the majority live either under or close to the poverty line , and youth  who make up the majority of the population  unemployment is incredibly high , minute changes may not be enough to bring genuine stability to this country . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of H.A. Hellyer .	Egyptians go to the ballot boxes Monday to vote for their fourth president in as many years . H.A. Hellyer says the former defence minister Abdel Fattah el-Sisi is widely expected to win . But he says what el-Sisi will bring is harder to predict as his platform is unclear . Egyptians need economic , security and corruption issues to be tackled , Hellyer says .
CNN  -- Seeing the images of the mangled wreckage of an aircraft after a crash is difficult for any flight attendant . It is hard to comprehend that this mass of charred metal , broken seats , bits of galleys and cabins , and the piles of personal belongings , was once our office in the sky . This was our workspace -- and our home , for however many hours . It was a place where we felt safe as we served meals and drinks , carried out safety-related duties , and caught up with our colleagues and friends , laughing and joking about all the latest gossip on "  Galley FM . " For an airline to suffer two unspeakable tragedies in just four months is beyond comprehension . Twenty-one Malaysia Airlines flight attendants and six flight crew have been lost , after the still unexplained disappearance of flight MH370 and the shooting down of MH17 . It is a testament to the carrier 's staff that the airline is still operating a full schedule of flights . It is difficult to imagine how the crews left behind are still managing to put on their sarong-style uniforms , paint on a smile and go about their duties as normal , after losing so many of their friends and colleagues . To show our solidarity , one week after the loss of MH17 , flight attendants everywhere are pinning a small black ribbon to their uniform ; to remember our newest angels of the sky . Can we carry on ? Recently , I have been contacted by many crew members who are unsure if they can continue their flying careers . Unfortunately , there are no words of wisdom for them , no way to take away the pain or the fear many feel over a disaster like this . Many crew feel it is their duty to keep flying ; a tribute to our fallen colleagues who never made it home ; to keep doing the job they loved and doing it to the best of their ability . I know a number of flight attendants and pilots who have been involved in accidents . Some have managed to return to the skies , others have hung up their wings for good . Some have used their experiences to improve safety in the industry , helping to ensure tragic incidents are as rare as humanly possible . The thought crosses our mind every day when we board our aircraft : "  What would we do should the worst happen ? " It 's part of our job to think this way . Despite many people 's belief that we are there just to serve tea and coffee , or to act as a verbal punching bag when something goes wrong , the primary reason we are on board is safety . Every take-off , every landing , every pre-flight briefing , we run through our emergency procedures in our heads . How would we deal with a decompression ? An evacuation ? A ditching ? A medical emergency ? Thankfully , most of us will never have to deal with these events or use the weeks , sometimes months , of training we 've had to save lives . Sadly , the crew of Flight MH17 did n't even get the chance to help their passengers or colleagues . Innocent lives of innocent people wasted in the blink of an eye . The moment MH17 hit home Last Thursday , when news of the crash broke , I was operating a flight into Amsterdam , from where flight MH17 had left just a few hours earlier . There was an odd feel about the place and the usual buzz of an airport was gone . As we boarded the flight , one gentleman in particular appeared very upset . When I went to see if he was OK he told me that four of his friends had been on the flight . Then he burst into tears . I was speechless , the full impact of this tragedy hit me and all I wanted to do , like so many other flight attendants that day , was to get home and see my family and friends and tell them I loved them . Much has been made recently of flight attendants being one big family . It has been very moving to see , via my blog and social media , the outpouring of love and support to our fallen brothers and sisters at Malaysia Airlines , and more recently TransAsia Airways after Wednesday 's crash in Taiwan . And then , almost unbelievably , Thursday 's crash of an Air Algerie flight in Mali . Strong bonds in the air It does n't matter what uniform you wear , what aircraft you work on , whether you fly for a low-cost carrier or work in first class , we are united together and become a source of constant support in times of need . Tight bonds form with your airline colleagues , as you are locked in a metal tube with these people for hours on end ; bonds I have never known outside of the industry . I hope to extend the black ribbon idea to one day each year , where flight attendants around the world can remember our fallen colleagues . Opinion : Despite plane crashes , it 's safe to fly	Flight attendant tells of collective grief over fallen colleagues Attendants wear black ribbons to mark one week since the crash of MH17 Dozens of crew killed in recent months , many at Malaysia Airlines MH370 remains missing , two more crashes this week in Taiwan and Mali
Approximately 7.7 million American adults age 18 and older have post-traumatic stress disorder , according to the National Institutes of Health . While the disorder is often associated with war veterans who have been exposed to extended violence , PTSD and its treatments involve more than you might think . Here are five things about post-traumatic stress disorder that might surprise you : 1 . You can get PTSD from your ZIP code Post-traumatic stress disorder is n't just limited to troops and victims of violence . Constant violence outside your front door , including hearing gunshots or knowing a murder victim , can keep you on high alert . Research completed by Emory University professor of psychiatry Dr. Kerry Ressler and his colleagues provides evidence of higher rates of PTSD in some urban populations than in war veterans . Cities such as Washington , Chicago and Los Angeles in particular have seen an increase in cases , they say . 2 . Ecstasy might help We 're not just talking about finding moments of joy or spiritual awareness . The illegal drug MDMA , also know as Ecstasy or Molly , has been shown to help some individuals suffering from PTSD . Combined with therapy , it can assist in processing traumatic memories and change thought patterns surrounding traumatic events . Rachel Hope was part of one MDMA study . She estimates that 80 % of her symptoms disappeared after her first MDMA-assisted therapy session . 3 . Heart attack and stroke survivors are at risk Surviving a traumatizing medical event can also trigger post-traumatic stress disorder . Donald Edmondson , an assistant professor of behavioral medicine at the Columbia University Medical Center , and his colleagues analyzed heart attack and stroke patients in two different studies . They found that one in four stroke patients had PTSD within a year of having a stroke . And about one in eight heart attack survivors developed post-traumatic stress disorder -- plus , those that did were twice as likely to have another heart attack or die within three years after the first attack . 4 . It reduces gray matter in your brain According to the National Instituties of Health , gray matter is made up of neurons and other cells that send signals throughout your brain . Post-traumatic stress disorder can cause interference . A study published by the Society of Biological Psychiatry found that PTSD specifically affected the gray matter networks related to emotion processing , fear extinction and emotion regulation , which can lead to distorted emotional memories and the inability to regulate fear responses . There 's some good news , however . A 2013 study found that structural damage to gray matter caused by post-traumatic stress disorder does improve over time , but the brain might not return to pre-trauma functioning . 5 . How you respond immediately after a traumatic event matters Dr. Charles Raison , CNN Health 's mental health expert , explains that people who have strong emotional reactions and feelings of terror immediately following a traumatic event are more likely to develop PTSD . Disassociation and "  spacing out " can also put people more at risk for the disorder . Individuals who are more calm and collected after trauma , on the other hand , tend to do better in the long run . The NIH lists treatments such as talk therapy , exposure therapy and medications for PTSD . Contacting friends and family for support following an event is also an important step in the healing process .	7.7 million American adults have post-traumatic stress disorder Your neighborhood can stress you out Studies show some illegal drugs can be effective treatments Heart attack and stroke survivors are at risk for PTSD
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanish fishing boat repelled an attack by suspected pirates Sunday morning in the Indian Ocean off the African coast , Spain 's ministry of defense said . The Spanish Ortube Berria fishing vessel was in waters southwest of the Seychelles when pirates aboard two skiffs opened fire on the ship with light arms and a grenade shot from a launcher , according to a defense ministry news release . The Seychelles are a group of islands located north of Madagascar and southeast of Somalia , whose coastal waters have become known for piracy . The attack happened at about 5:40 a.m. , the ministry said . A private security company aboard the fishing vessel returned fire and thwarted the attack , the statement said . No one was injured , and the ship did not suffer any material damage . Following the attack , the Ortube Berria was sailing southward away from the area , the defense ministry said . Pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off Somalia and are currently holding 11 , according to information from Spanish Defense Minister Carme Chacon . Earlier this month , the crew of another Spanish fishing boat , the Alakrana , was released by Somali pirates after 47 days in captivity . The Alakrana was hijacked off the coast of Somalia . On Sunday , the commander of a European Union anti-piracy operation , deployed a Portuguese frigate based in the area toward the site of the attack , Spanish authorities said . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Spanish fishing boat repels attack by suspected pirates in Indian Ocean off African coast Private security company aboard fishing vessel returned fire and thwarted attack Pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off Somalia and are currently holding 11
Nearly 21 million people watched "  Blackfish " when it aired on CNN in October . The documentary , produced by Magnolia Pictures and acquired by CNN Films , recounts the 2010 death of veteran SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau by a killer whale named Tilikum , a 12,000-pound bull . The film challenges the concept of keeping killer whales for entertainment and implies Tilikum had been driven to madness by captivity . In the months since , a firestorm of debate over the controversy erupted . Social media exploded with an outcry to boycott SeaWorld , the world 's largest marine park operator . Protesters not only lined the streets outside SeaWorld Orlando in Florida , the company 's flagship park , but the streets of New York and Pasadena during the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade and the Rose Parade . Southwest Airlines , which owns a plane with a killer whale painted on it , also received a taste of the "  Blackfish " backlash . A handful of protesters presented a petition to an airline spokeswoman asking it to end its business relationship with SeaWorld . Southwest responded in a statement it was not contemplating changes to its multi-year contract with the entertainment company . Perhaps the largest fallout was in the form of a virtual cavalcade of musicians backing out of SeaWorld 's "  Bands , Brew & BBQ " concert series . Willie Nelson , Trace Adkins , Trisha Yearwood and Joan Jett are among those who declined to perform at the theme park over the controversy . SeaWorld has battled back against the claims "  Blackfish " makes , calling the film grossly one-sided and the product of animal activists . The company has declined CNN 's repeated requests for interviews , but has responded to written inquiries . "  Blackfish is billed as a documentary , but instead of a fair and balanced treatment of a complex subject , the film is inaccurate and misleading and , regrettably , exploits a tragedy that remains a source of deep pain for Dawn Brancheau 's family , friends and colleagues , " SeaWorld said in a statement . "  To promote its bias that killer whales should not be maintained in a zoological setting , the film paints a distorted picture that withholds from viewers key facts about SeaWorld -- among them , that SeaWorld is one of the world 's most respected zoological institutions , that SeaWorld rescues , rehabilitates and returns to the wild hundreds of wild animals every year , and that SeaWorld commits millions of dollars annually to conservation and scientific research . " In January , Brancheau 's family distanced themselves from the documentary . "  Blackfish is not Dawn 's story . Dawn Brancheau believed in the ethical treatment of animals . Dawn followed her dreams and became a marine animal trainer . She loved the whales and was proud of her work as a trainer , " a statement on a charity website dedicated to the slain trainer said . "  Dawn would not have remained a trainer at SeaWorld for 15 years if she felt that the whales were not well cared for . Trainer safety was important to Dawn , and it remains important to us as well . Our family always supported Dawn and we continue to support Dawn 's friends and co-workers who currently care for the animals she so loved . " Former killer whale trainer Mark Simmons appeared in "  Blackfish , " but after its airings has gone on to become one of the film 's most outspoken critics . "  SeaWorld has exemplified the best in care of their animals and personnel for nearly six decades , " Simmons said . "  The Blackfish crusade against SeaWorld and zoological care in general is engineered by a perfect marriage between sensational animal rights organizations and disgruntled ex-SeaWorld employees . " Meantime , the marine park giant announced record fourth-quarter results and record annual revenue results in January , indicating there appears to be no real impact on its business . But some animal activists say behind the scenes , SeaWorld is worried . The company launched expensive full-page ads in America 's top newspapers and local publications where its parks are located . A promoted link at the top of a Google search takes Internet users to a section within SeaWorld 's website called , "  The truth about Blackfish . " Others have even suggested recent financial moves hint of trouble . In December , SeaWorld 's largest investor , the Blackstone Group , sold its majority ownership the month before SeaWorld 's own chairman sold more than a million dollars ' worth of his SeaWorld stock . Financial analysts cautioned that both cases may be routine investment transactions and not an indicator of any concerns . Last weekend , SeaWorld kicked off its concert series with Kid Rock and Alan Jackson , and despite the protests outside -- inside , the crowd was robust . The next scheduled acts , Gretchen Wilson and Bill Engvall , are also expected to perform before an at-capacity crowd , the company said . The show , much like the debate Blackfish continues to spark , goes on .	"  Blackfish " tells the story of a SeaWorld trainer who died in 2010 The movie sparked heavy backlash against the marine park company SeaWorld calls movie "  one-sided , " an exploitation of trainer 's death The park announced record 4th-quarter , annual revenues in January
Washington  CNN  -- Within hours of President Barack Obama 's announcement that Osama bin Laden had been killed , politics entered the fray . A small but vocal group of Republicans including former Bush administration officials began claiming that information obtained from waterboarding and other now-prohibited enhanced interrogation techniques led to the successful assault on bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan . Debate rages about role of torture Interviews and commentaries by conservatives , including former Vice President Dick Cheney repeated the contention , citing media reports rather than direct information . A closer look shows no obvious evidence of a direct connection , at least to waterboarding , the simulated drowning technique considered to be torture under international law . While administration officials , former interrogators and others concede that thousands of pieces of information collected over the past nine years eventually brought U.S. Navy SEALs to bin Laden , no one has cited specific information that came from the harsh interrogations labeled torture . That does n't stop defenders of enhanced interrogations from trying . Republican Rep. Peter King , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said that waterboarding alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed caused him to eventually provide information on the al Qaeda courier killed with bin Laden in the raid . Was bin Laden 's killing legal ? Mohammed was captured in 2003 , and another high-value suspect , Abu Faraj al Libi , was captured in 2005 . "  I think it 's fair to say that it 's a long way to getting bin Laden , but the first step along that road began with the intense interrogation " of Mohammed and al Libi , King said . However , as CNN Senior Political Analyst Gloria Borger reported Wednesday , Central Intelligence Agency operatives already knew the courier 's nickname when they interrogated Mohammed and al Libi . According to Borger 's report , the detainee who initially provided the courier 's nickname may have been subjected to harsh interrogation , but not waterboarding . Later , Mohammed lied to his interrogators about the courier , who was described as his protege , and intelligence personnel concluded that the courier was important because Mohammed was trying to cover for him , a senior U.S. official said . U.S. intelligence eventually uncovered the courier 's identity four years ago "  from a different part of the world , " the senior U.S. official said . Trail to bin Laden started with courier King argued that Mohammed only talked after being waterboarded , and even though he lied about the courier , the fact he talked at all showed the value of waterboarding . To Deputy National Security Adviser Denis McDonough , no such connection exists . "  This whole idea about somehow whether EITs  enhanced interrogation techniques  played into that , I think , is just not consistent with the facts , and , also , a little bit of a sideshow , as far as I 'm concerned , " McDonough said . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Wednesday that locating bin Laden required years of painstaking work that eventually led to discovery of the address of the Pakistan compound last August . "  I can say with certainty that no single piece of information , with the exception of the address of the compound , was ... singularly vital to this , because we 're talking about tiny bits of information that were compiled by unbelievably competent professionals over nine and a half years , " Carney said . "  And it 's impossible to know if one piece of information came from one source and was corroborated in another way ; if , you know which thread held the cloth together , with the exception of the location of the compound . " Carney acknowledged that some information came from terrorism detainees , which he called one of many ways that information was gathered . "  Now , I ca n't categorically rule out that one piece of information " played a key role , "  because we do n't know , " Carney said . Mark Fallon , a former interrogator at the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , terrorist detention facility , rejected claims that enhanced interrogation techniques led to bin Laden 's capture . "  I think some people are trying to rewrite history here , " Fallon told MSNBC , adding that he was privy to information from Mohammed and was n't aware "  of any substantive information or intelligence that was a derivative product of waterboarding . " One of Obama 's first acts as president was to halt waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques of the Bush administration . The issue was one of the most contentious of the Bush presidency , with critics accusing the administration of legalizing torture while supporters called the enhanced interrogations necessary for combating terrorism . Now , those who were under fire for the interrogation policies are claiming vindication and calling for their return . John Yoo , a Bush administration lawyer who wrote the memo justifying the enhanced techniques , said in a posting Monday on the National Review website that the policy had worked . However , his posting only cited media reports based on anonymous sources , rather than any specific information gleaned from interrogated detainees . Marc Thiessen , a visiting fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , made similar assertions on the group 's website , but began his commentary by attributing his information to news reports . Cheney , interviewed on ABC and Fox , said he assumed enhanced interrogation techniques played a role in bin Laden 's demise , but added he had no proof . Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that information was key to the fight against terrorism . "  Now let 's remember that in the early days , we knew very little about how al Qaeda operated and the roundup of their field generals like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed led us not just to learn that there was a courier -- I remember when they learned there was a courier who might be a link to Osama bin Laden -- but we also learned from those people about the structure of al Qaeda , " Rice said . However , Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein , who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee , said she was unaware of any information eventually leading to bin Laden 's location that "  came as a result of harsh interrogation practices . " Two conservative senators -- Republicans John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina -- also rejected the claim that waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation played a role in finding bin Laden . "  This idea -- we caught Bin Laden because of waterboarding -- I think is a misstatement , " Graham said , citing instead the years of difficult intelligence work . "  I do not believe this is a time to celebrate waterboarding . I believe this is a time to celebrate hard work . " CNN 's Gloria Borger contributed to this story .	Conservatives say Bush-era policies are vindicated Democrats reject that any valuable intel came from waterboarding The White House emphasizes years of tracking down countless leads
CNN  -- Hundreds of white supremacist groups are active in the United States today and are experiencing a kind of resurgence , experts say . They are in the spotlight this week in the wake of a deadly shooting at a Sikh temple outside Milwaukee . Authorities have said they are looking into whether the gunman , who was killed , had ties to such a group . Who are Sikhs ? "  I know they 're out there . I try not to alarm the public too much , but it 's something that really needs to be taken a hold of now because more and more we see facts coming out that this is happening more often and more often , and it 's not going to stop anytime soon , " said David Gletty , who worked as an undercover informant on extremist groups for the FBI . Currently , there are more than 1,000 hate groups in the United States , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks them and says it was tracking the Wisconsin gunman for years before the attack . Wade Michael Page , 40 , was a "  frustrated neo-Nazi , " said the center . His tattoos included the Celtic cross adopted by white supremacist groups , and he was a member of two "  racist skinhead " bands , it said . In addition , he was associated with Hammerskin Nation , according to Mark Potok , director of the center . "  Hammerskins are the scariest , most violent skinhead group out there . So Page was in the middle of a scene that really was very violent , hyperpolitical . And he was not on the fringes of this scene . He was really in the thick of it . " On its website , Hammerskin Nation says it is "  a leaderless group of men and women who have adopted the White Power Skinhead lifestyle . " It adds , "  We must secure the existence of our people and a future for White Children . " Jack Levin , a professor of sociology and criminology at Northeastern University in Boston , pointed to several factors behind the strength of white supremacist groups , including a flagging economy and the election of the country 's first black president . "  During tough economic times , the credibility of mainstream , conventional institutions and leaders declines dramatically and what happens is that more and more Americans have given up resolving their problems in the middle and have gone to the extremes , " he said . Remembering the shooting victims But there 's a twist . While the number of white supremacist groups is rising , the overall impact on membership is not clear , said Levin . That 's because the groups , while there are more of them , are smaller , he said , adding that their splintering makes the cells more dangerous and difficult to disrupt . "  It 's harder for the FBI to find an informant . It 's more difficult for them to infiltrate . A small number of good friends can do incredible damage , " said Levin . Mark Pitcavage , director of investigative research at the Anti-Defamation League , said right-wing extremism is experiencing a resurgence . But to grow , white supremacist groups have to buck a long-term trend toward inclusion , he said . "  For the white supremacist movement to expand , that 's swimming upstream . " A kinder , gentler KKK ? And that 's hard . According to Levin and Gletty , one of the principal ways the groups recruit is through far-right music . "  The music is a very creative tool and a very important tool for bringing in the youth . They bring in these kids that are on the outskirts of society that feel rejected by society ... They brainwash them into believing that hate is the way to go and following them is the only way to go , " said Gletty . "  There are many teenagers who commit what I would call thrill hate crimes , " said Levin . "  Often , they 're inspired by the white power rock lyrics and the literature of white power groups . They may not themselves be members of these organizations , but they are influenced by them . " In such a way , white supremacist groups can have an impact greater than their numbers . "  We have 300 million  people  in this country , so even the fringe of the fringe is a lot of folks , " said Pitcavage . Potok said he believes that in the coming months and years , "  We are looking at the very real possibility of more domestic terrorism along these lines . We 've seen it in Europe as well as here . I think this is accelerating , not decelerating . "	NEW : Page was associated with "  the scariest , most violent skinhead group , " the director of the SPLC says Authorities are looking into whether the gunman , who was killed , had ties to such a group There are more than 1,000 hate groups active in the United States , a rights group says Some recruit through music
A top local police official in Mexico was arrested in connection with the disappearance of 43 college students , authorities said . Investigators apprehended Cesar Nava Gonzalez , the former deputy director of the Cocula police department who had been on the run since the September disappearance of the students , the federal prosecutor 's office said . Nava allegedly was called to the neighboring town of Iguala , in Guerrero state , and allegedly helped round up the 43 students and hand them over to a drug gang to be massacred , authorities said . The police chief of Iguala still has not been apprehended , authorities said . The Prosecutor General 's office informed families of the missing students about Nava 's arrest on Friday , a day after massive protests to denounce political corruption and impunity in the case . The 43 missing students went missing September 26 after they and others traveled in buses about 77 miles from their rural teachers college in Tixtla to Iguala . They went there to protest a speech by the mayor 's wife . But a violent clash with police left six people dead , including three other students . Authorities believe the 43 students were captured by Iguala police and turned over to a gang in cartel territory and then executed in Cocula , 14 miles away . The gang burned the bodies and dumped them in a river , but their corpses have yet to be found , authorities say . A mayor arrested , too So far , authorities have also charged Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca as the "  probable mastermind " in the 43 students ' disappearance , and he has been charged with six counts of aggravated homicide and one count of attempted homicide , authorities said . In all , at least 75 people have been arrested in connection with the disappearances and the deaths , and the governor of Guerrero has taken a leave of absence amid scorching criticism that he responded too slowly to what 's been called one of the most serious human rights abuses in recent Latin American history . Federal authorities say they heard confessions from drug traffickers indicating that the college students were rounded up on the orders of the Iguala mayor and then delivered to the drug gang to be murdered . Families do n't accept the official version and demand proof of what happened . Mexicans have rallied to support the families , and on Thursday , tens of thousands of people converged on Mexico City to vent their anger and frustration in a protest that ended in violent clashes with police . The 43 missing students attended la Escuela Normal Rural de Ayotzinapa , a small college devoted to training students to become teachers in Mexico 's impoverished countryside . Leftist school The school features Marxist murals in red and black that highlight Communist revolutionary Vladimir Lenin of Russia and Marxist revolutionary Ernesto "  Che " Guevara of Argentina . The rural teachers ' colleges , sometimes labeled normal schools , are called "  devil schools " by critics , according to Luis Hernandez Navarro , editor of La Jornada , one of Mexico 's major newspapers . "  These are schools that are poor , and for the poor , to teach the poor , " Hernandez told CNN . "  These schools are the gateway to move socially for the poor , rural students , " Hernandez added , "  and they are one of the few escape routes that farmers have for their children to become teachers and prosper . " The school has been in the government 's cross hairs , and business groups have requested they be closed , he added .	Officials tell families of missing students about the arrest after a day of protests Families reject official accounts and demand proof Cesar Nava Gonzalez had been on the run since the students disappeared , authorities say Nava allegedly helped round up the 43 students and hand them over to a drug gang
CNN  -- Last month 's assault and massacre at the In-Amenas gas plant in Algeria by an al Qaeda battalion led by Moktar Belmoktar put into sharp focus the growing threat of Islamist jihadists in north and west Africa . It also brought back vivid memories of my own 130-day kidnap ordeal also at the hands of Belmoktar 's al Qaeda group in Niger and Mali in 2008/09 . Here is an extract from my book ... A Season in Hell TORTURE With some ceremony , a DVD was produced and inserted into the laptop drive and we were maneuvered around to have pride of place in front of the screen . The others pressed around , the younger ones in front . There were three or four pre-pubescent boys among them , their faces rapt with anticipation as their screen-lit faces excitedly tried to watch us and the laptop simultaneously . ` Mr. Marlboro ' : The veteran jihadist behind the attack in Algeria Soon we heard a loud pulsing , urgent , musical beat and the screen was filled with a black flag , the lower half of which was covered with white Arabic script and in the upper portion , there was a globe surmounted by an AK-47 assault rifle ; the Al Qaeda banner . Using the traditional and mandatory Islamic opening , a voice intoned in Arabic , "  In the name of Allah the most merciful ... " and the centre of the screen began to fill with images and vignettes of all kinds of horrors : those aircraft slamming into the twin towers . US and allied vehicles being destroyed in Iraq and Afghanistan by IEDs  Improvised Explosive Devices  ; video cameras slaved to the sights of Dragunov sniper rifles blasting the heads off GIs and then murdering those who came to their assistance ; suicide bombers driving explosive-laden trucks through fences and into buildings or crowds immediately followed by massive explosions . Sometimes such scenes would carry sub-titles giving the date and location of the horror . In other instances , there would be clips of the happy , excited suicide bomber explaining his joy at the prospect of martyring himself for such a noble purpose . Power struggle : The North African gas industry targeted by militants There would also be clips of their "  Great Emir " , Bin Laden , uttering in his quiet and reasonable sounding voice his latest threats to tear the heart out of the degenerate West . Then some stocky , heavily bearded , white robed and turbaned American , who we were told was Adam Gadahn , a Jewish Californian convert to Islam and Al Qaeda , made his first of many appearances . Gadahn was ridiculing -- in English , with Arabic sub-titles -- the American President and issuing dire warnings aimed at US audiences of the disasters that would befall America if the USA and her allies did not quit "  Muslim lands " . Read more : Algeria crisis is a wakeup call for America While Bin Laden was lionized by the young men around us , the star of each show was the brash , in-our-face  and happily defunct  Abou Musab al-Zarqawi , a Jordanian who was the former leader of the Iraqi franchise of Al Qaeda . Zarqawi had walked their talk regarding cleansing "  Muslim lands " of the presence of infidels with passion , utter ruthlessness and without compromise . He was their man of action . He did , in their view , what others merely talked and fantasized about . The scene the young ones loved best on what we came to call "  TV Night " , was Zarqawi standing , legs planted wide , with a fierce and vicious open-mouthed grin on his face , firing the entire 100 round magazine of a SAW  a Belgian light machinegun  , just past the camera with the sound jacked way up . We could almost hear his scream of whatever the Arabic equivalent is of "  GET SOME ! " Read more : Algeria hostage crisis may be future of terrorism Each time an episode of mayhem and destruction would occur on the screen , the crowd pressing around Louis and me would shout , "  Allahu Akbar " and immediately swivel their eyes to watch how we were enjoying the show . Without my glasses , I could read none of the signs or sub-titles , so Louis would read them out loud until I quietly asked him to stop . The video did not need a great deal of interpretation . Obviously , these propaganda videos were intended to pump up the boys , to remind them that they were part of a large global cause in which sacrifice was a major element . And it was having the desired impact ; particularly for the younger mujahideen whose eyes glistened with excitement as they watched the Western infidels being butchered and humiliated over and over again . The senior members of the Group were less caught up in the show and the laptop operator was choosing the clips to be displayed with some care . I could only imagine what he was skipping and I did not for a moment presume that they were being avoided out of generosity but rather cold , hard pragmatism . They did not want to break their hostages , at least , not yet . In many ways , both for the assembled Belmokhtar Group of AQIM , and for me , the scenes that elicited the strongest emotion were the all-too-familiar images of black-hooded , orange-clad figures , chained hand and foot , shuffling around those tiny cages in Guantanamo . These were indignities perpetrated by my side -- the ` good guys ' . Those scenes of German Shepherds , fangs bared , straining to get at broken men cowering in corners and those piles of horrified naked bodies forced into obscene intimacy and , always , the iconic black-hooded figure , mutely perched barefoot on a box in a short black poncho with wires dangling from his outstretched fingers in the disgraceful Abu Ghraib prison in Baghdad , made me , in the midst of my own mental anguish , feel deep shame . The leaden and menacing stares of our Al Qaeda captors eloquently made a mockery of our aggressive Western claims to harbour higher or superior values . The look on their faces declared that we had abandoned any alleged moral high-ground , which they , at least for the moment , sought to occupy with regard to their treatment of Louis and me , if only to demonstrate to themselves their own moral superiority . It is therefore at least paradoxical that those wretched videotapes and photos of Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib may have resulted in Louis ' and my captivity being less violent than it otherwise might have been , for it seemed to me that we were spared worse treatment because our abductors were anxious to demonstrate that they did n't stoop to such stuff , which , of course , we know is not generally the case . That particular myth , however , with that particular Group of AQIM hostage-takers , probably served us well . Thus , I found that the most appalling of those TV Night videos images were not the mass murders and individual assassinations perpetrated by Al Qaeda and their allies against our soldiers and civilians , which were never easy to behold , but less difficult to understand . That was simply Al Qaeda being Al Qaeda . That was what they were . Rather , it was the intimate and almost palpable proof of our side 's methodically applied , officially sanctioned , and so casually administered barbarity , that had been parsed into the bureaucratic banalities and legal niceties of officially sanctioned abuse and torture which was so hard to absorb . Viewing such scenes , I could not help but believe that if we were capable of such outrages and so carelessly willing to resort to torture-as-entertainment , then we had indeed strayed into truly dangerous ethical territory . The ease with which faux-legal language was coined in Washington and unopposed throughout the West in a cursory attempt to legitimize the illegitimate ; the arbitrary manner in which long-standing international conventions were set aside ; and the glibness with which word-games and were employed to condone such practices , should have stunned us all . The methodical development of "  black sites " and concepts like "  extraordinary rendition "  sub-contracting torture  and "  enhanced interrogation " ; the invention of ersatz juridical explanations of why was not torture , and other such despicable behaviour , indeed made a mockery of our Western pretensions to be champions of human rights and international justice . Further , without a shred of doubt , they have massively increased recruitment to the Islamist cause and markedly amplified the threat against Western interests and the security of individual Americans and their friends and allies . If the dreadful events of 11 September 2001 could so easily dismantle the bulwarks of free , just and open societies which had taken us centuries to build , then , yes , our claims to a higher moral standard were in fact a sham , and surely there were no effective limits to what we were prepared to visit upon our enemies , or merely anybody who got in our way . No , these were not made-in-Canada practices , justifications and facilities , but how easily we in our country and our friends throughout Europe abandoned our much-vaunted principles and meekly , often enthusiastically , went along . The bulk of our usually vocal human rights advocates and politicians were muted or stunned into silence when the need to avenge the insult and atrocity of 9/11 was allowed to pervert the law and sully the reputation of our friends and neighbours ; perversions which have done and continue to do the West incalculable harm throughout the world . We are clearly guilty by such association . And Louis and I were reaping the consequences . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert R. Fowler .	Massacre in Algeria put into focus the threat of Islamist jihadists in Africa Fowler spent 130 days held hostage by al Qaeda group in Niger and Mali He shares his experience in an extract from his book , "  A Season in Hell "
CNN  -- Hours before Colorado shooting suspect James Holmes faced another court hearing , his lawyers Thursday asked the presiding judge to reject a request by media organizations , including CNN , to unseal the full court record in the case . In a document submitted to Arapaho County District Judge William Sylvester , Holmes ' lawyers said unsealing the entire court record would jeopardize the ability of the defendant to get a fair trial . Sylvester has allowed the public release of documents in the case but kept many others under seal . CNN is one of 17 news organizations asking Sylvester to make the rest of the court record public , particularly affidavits for probable cause involving search warrants that already have been executed . Read more : Why did Colorado shooting suspect avoid social media ? Holmes ' lawyers also called Thursday for a court website to stop listing publicly available documents in the case . "  While documents that are unsealed may be accessible at the courthouse , posting them online in a specially-dedicated section of this website is inconsistent with both the judicial branch 's obligation to ensure that Mr. Holmes receives a fair trial somewhere in the state of Colorado , as well as with this Court 's orders limiting pre-trial publicity in this case , " Holmes ' lawyers argued . Holmes , 24 , is accused of opening fire in an Aurora movie theater during a screening of the new Batman film on July 20 , killing 12 people and wounding 58 . He was charged last week with murder and attempted murder , and also faces two weapons charges . At his initial court appearance last month , the former doctoral candidate had hair dyed various shades of orange and appeared dazed .	Colorado shooting suspect has another court appearance Thursday Media outlets , including CNN , have asked for the court record to be unsealed Holmes ' lawyers say making the court records public could prevent a fair trial
Can you imagine legally growing marijuana in your backyard ? How about walking down to the corner pharmacy to buy a gram or two of ready-to-smoke pot ? Starting Tuesday , this scenario will no longer be a pot smoker 's fantasy in one South American country . Uruguay has published regulations for a new , legal marijuana market , a measure approved by lawmakers there in December . The law and the new regulations make Uruguay the first country in the world to have a system regulating legal production , sale and consumption of the drug . In announcing the marijuana regulations , presidential aide Diego Canepa reminded everyone that the state will control the marijuana market from beginning to end , starting with setting prices . "  The value of the gram of marijuana sold at pharmacies in the regulated market will be set by the President 's office through the control agency , " Canepa said . That 's right . The Uruguayan government has created an agency whose mission is to regulate the pot market , known as the Institute for the Regulation and Control of Cannabis . The proposed price starts at 20 Uruguayan pesos per gram  about 87 cents in U.S. dollars  , Canepa said . People can grow as many as six plants at home and produce a maximum of 480 grams per year , according to the published rules . Cannabis clubs of anywhere between 15 and 45 members will be legal . Another rule allows people to buy as much as 40 grams of marijuana per month at state-licensed pharmacies . Julio Rey , founder of a cannabis club and a spokesman for the National Association for the Regulation of Marijuana , told CNN in December , shortly after passage , that his organization was very pleased with the legislation . "  We will take care of the tools of this law to demonstrate that we , as the public , can objectively look at this project and comply with its proposed legality , " Rey said . This is n't about creating a free-for-all system , Canepa told reporters . It 's about creating rules that will refocus government efforts on prevention and taking the market from the hands of ruthless drug traffickers that only care about money . Opinion : Finally , a nation legalizes pot "  What we now know is that we had a sustained increase in consumption during prohibition . This new reality , as we understand it , is going to change that , and it will be possible to implement better public policy to take care of those who abuse drugs , " Canepa said . For anyone considering traveling to Uruguay to smoke marijuana legally , President Jose Mujica , a big supporter of the law , says go elsewhere . The law does n't give foreigners the right to smoke or even buy the drug . In fact , consumers , sellers and distributors all have to be licensed by the government . In an interview with CNN en Español in 2012 , Mujica explained his reasons for promoting the legislation . "  If we legalize it , we think that we will spoil the market  for drug traffickers  because we are going to sell it for cheaper than it is sold on the black market . And we are going to have people identified , " he said . With the help of state-of-the-art technology , authorities will track every gram or marijuana sold , according to Canepa . Bags will be bar-coded . The genetic information of plants that are legally produced will be kept on file . This will allow police to determine whether illegal marijuana is being commercialized . Governments and drug policy experts will certainly be watching closely how the Uruguayan model develops . The marijuana legislation places the South American country at the vanguard of liberal drug policies , surpassing even the Netherlands , where recreational drugs are illegal but a policy of tolerance is in place .	Uruguay is the first country to regulate legal production , sale and consumption of marijuana New rules legalizing the marijuana market take effect Tuesday President Jose Mujica backed the law and says it will harm drug traffickers The law does n't give foreigners the right to smoke or even buy the drug
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry calls it proof "  beyond any reasonable doubt . " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel says it 's "  very clear . " President Barack Obama says the United States has "  high confidence " that Syria used chemical weapons -- the strongest position the U.S. can take short of confirmation . Britain , France , and Germany say their intelligence backs up the same conclusion . But despite all the talk about conclusive intelligence , questions remain . A declassified report by the White House does not divulge all details of the evidence the United States is looking at . And it remains unclear what the "  streams of intelligence " cited in the report may be and how they were collected . Russia insists there 's no proof . Russian President Vladimir Putin said he wants to see evidence that would make the determination "  obvious . " And Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime says rebel forces were behind any chemical weapons attack . The United Nations , meanwhile , is calling on world leaders to wait for the results of a U.N. probe . Here 's a look at what is known about the intelligence Washington points to . Kerry cites ` concrete ' evidence "  We have declassified unprecedented amounts of information , and we ask the American people and the rest of the world to judge that information , " Kerry told lawmakers Tuesday . It "  proves the Assad regime prepared for this attack , issued instruction to prepare for this attack , warned its own forces to use gas masks . " Physical , "  concrete " evidence shows where the rockets came from , when they were fired , and that not one landed in regime-controlled territory , Kerry said . "  Multiple streams of intelligence indicate that the regime executed a rocket and artillery attack against the Damascus suburbs in the early hours of August 21 , " the White House says in the declassified report . "  Satellite detections corroborate that attacks from a regime-controlled area struck neighborhoods where the chemical attacks reportedly occurred . ... The lack of flight activity or missile launches also leads us to conclude that the regime used rockets in the attack . " The White House released a map along with the report . But the prospect of more details on the evidence seems dim as Kerry said the amount already declassified "  could possibly put at risk some sources and methods , " and that releasing more could "  tempt fate . " U.S. : Opposition does n't have ` the capacity ' "  We are certain that none of the opposition has the weapons or capacity to effect a strike of this scale , particularly from the heart of regime territory , " Kerry told lawmakers Tuesday . The White House report points to Syria 's known stockpiles of chemical agents . And it says the United States assesses "  with high confidence that the Syrian regime has used chemical weapons on a small scale against the opposition multiple times in the last year , including in the Damascus suburbs . This assessment is based on multiple streams of information including reporting of Syrian officials planning and executing chemical weapons attacks and laboratory analysis of physiological samples obtained from a number of individuals , which revealed exposure to sarin . "  We assess that the opposition has not used chemical weapons . " In May , a U.N. official said there were strong suspicions that Syrian rebel forces had used sarin gas . But the findings were not conclusive , the U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry for Syria said at the time , and the opposition Syrian Coalition condemned any use of chemical weapons . The U.S. State Department said at the time it had no evidence suggesting rebels had used chemical weapons . The Russian Foreign Ministry said Wednesday the results of an investigation into a March attack in Aleppo , apparently using chemical weapons , found that the charge used was homemade and similar to projectiles produced by the group Bashaar al-Nasr , part of the opposition Syrian Islamic Liberation Front . Sarin was discovered in samples from the scene , the foreign ministry said . Bashaar al-Nasr has slammed Syria for the recent chemical weapons attack in Damascus , and vowed revenge . U.S. : Syria prepared "  In the three days prior to the attack , we collected streams of human , signals and geospatial intelligence that reveal regime activities that we assess were associated with preparations for a chemical weapons attack , " the U.S. report says . "  Syrian chemical weapons personnel were operating in the Damascus suburb of ` Adra from Sunday , August 18 until early in the morning on Wednesday , August 21 near an area that the regime uses to mix chemical weapons , including sarin . On August 21 , a Syrian regime element prepared for a chemical weapons attack in the Damascus area , including through the utilization of gas masks . Our intelligence sources in the Damascus area did not detect any indications in the days prior to the attack that opposition affiliates were planning to use chemical weapons . " ` Intercepted communications ' "  We have a body of information , including past Syrian practice , that leads us to conclude that regime officials were witting of and directed the attack on August 21 , " the U.S. report says . "  We intercepted communications involving a senior official intimately familiar with the offensive who confirmed that chemical weapons were used by the regime on August 21 and was concerned with the U.N. inspectors obtaining evidence . " Intelligence shows Syrian chemical weapons personnel were told to cease operations in the afternoon of August 21 , and that the regime then "  intensified the artillery barrage targeting many of the neighborhoods where chemical attacks occurred , " the report says . Analyst : ` No way in hell ' U.S. can back up death toll The U.S. report says a preliminary assessment "  determined that 1,429 people were killed in the chemical weapons attack , including at least 426 children . " The assessment "  will certainly evolve as we obtain more information , " it adds . "  Secretary Kerry seems to have been sandbagged into using an absurdly over-precise number , " said Anthony Cordesman , former director of intelligence assessment at the U.S. Defense Department . Now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies , he writes on the CSIS website , "  Put simply , there is no way in hell the U.S. intelligence community could credibly have made an estimate this exact . " It 's unclear whether "  these figures really had an intelligence source , " Cordesman said . "  Some sources indicate they may have actually come from a Syrian source called the Local Coordination Committees  LCC  " -- a Syrian opposition group . A U.S. official told CNN the number is not based on opposition figures . The methodology used to come up with the toll remains classified . Rebel leaders have given similar estimates for the death toll , saying more than 1,300 people were killed . Britain 's Joint Intelligence Organization , meanwhile , says at least 350 people were killed . It does not say how the figure was determined . A French government report notes that body counts by several sources , including Doctors Without Borders , estimated at least 355 deaths . "  Other technical counts , using different sources , estimate the toll to be around 1,500 deaths , " the report says . Britain , France , Germany weigh in A letter from Jon Day , chairman of Britain 's Joint Intelligence Committee , to British Prime Minister David Cameron , also rejects suggestions that the opposition may have been behind the attack . "  We have tested this assertion using a wide range of intelligence and open sources , and invited  the government  and outside experts to help us establish whether such a thing is possible , " Day wrote . No "  credible intelligence " suggests the opposition has chemical weapons , he writes , adding that "  there are no plausible alternative scenarios to regime responsibility . " "  We also have a limited but growing body of intelligence which supports the judgment that the regime was responsible for the attacks and that they were conducted to help clear the opposition from strategic parts of Damascus . Some of this intelligence is highly sensitive but you have had access to it all . " France gives a similar argument . "  The attack of August 21st could only have been ordered and carried out by the regime , " its declassified intelligence report says . Germany 's foreign intelligence agency , the BND , has the same assessment . "  In a secret briefing to select lawmakers on Monday , BND head Gerhard Schindler said that while there is still no incontestable proof , analysis of the evidence at hand has led his intelligence service to believe that Assad 's regime is to blame , " Der Spiegel reports . U.N. probe : Limited scope , no clear deadline The United Nations is pushing all nations to hold off on any action until results of its own examination are in . It 's unclear how soon that may be . "  The U.N. mission is uniquely capable of establishing in an impartial and credible manner the facts of any use of chemical weapons , " Martin Nesirky , spokesman for Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , said repeatedly at a news conference Sunday . But the U.N. probe 's mandate is only to determine whether chemical weapons were used -- not by whom . Obama argued Wednesday that that 's no longer in question . "  Frankly , nobody is really disputing that chemical weapons were used , " he said . Russia - which , along with China , would likely block any U.N. resolution authorizing military action in Syria -- has repeatedly thrown cold water on suggestions that there 's proof of Syria culpability . "  If there are data that the chemical weapons have been used , and used specifically by the regular army , this evidence should be submitted to the U.N. Security Council , " Putin said Wednesday in an interview with The Associated Press and Russia 's state Channel 1 television . "  It should be a deep and specific probe containing evidence that would be obvious and prove beyond doubt who did it and what means were used . " If there was such evidence , Russia might support a resolution authorizing military strikes , Putin said . Syria : Allegations ` false and unfounded ' Syria still insists it never used chemical weapons . "  These allegations are false and unfounded , " Syria 's U.N. Ambassador Bashar al-Ja ` afari said Tuesday in an interview with CNN . He cited the confidence that the United States said it had a decade ago when it argued that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction . It 's an argument Kerry was prepared for before Congress on Tuesday . He noted that he and Hagel were senators at the time of the Iraq vote . "  And so we are especially sensitive , Chuck and I , to never again asking any member of Congress to take a vote on faulty intelligence . And that is why our intelligence community has scrubbed and re-scrubbed the evidence . "	Kerry says the U.S. has declassified "  unprecedented amounts of information " The U.S. points to "  concrete " evidence , intercepts , "  multiple streams of information " Britain , France , and Germany come to similar conclusions Putin calls for "  a deep and specific probe containing evidence that would be obvious "
CNN  -- Retired baseball star Roger Clemens says he 's looking forward to fighting perjury and other charges brought against him Thursday and again denied he ever used performance-enhancing drugs . A federal grand jury in Washington has charged the seven-time Cy Young winner with perjury , obstruction of Congress and making false statements over his insistence to a House committee that he never used steroids or human growth hormone . "  I never took HGH or steroids . And I did not lie to Congress , " Clemens said in a statement posted on the website Twitter . "  I look forward to challenging the government 's accusations , and hope people will keep an open mind until trial . I appreciate all the support I have been getting . I am happy to finally have my day in court . " Clemens left baseball in 2007 after 24 seasons in the major leagues , during which he played for the Boston Red Sox , Toronto Blue Jays , Houston Astros and New York Yankees . He was the first pitcher to win seven Cy Young awards , ranks third in all-time career strikeouts with 4,672 and ninth in all-time wins with 354 . The charges stem the longtime pitcher 's February 2008 appearance before the House Oversight and Government Affairs Committee . Both Clemens ' former trainer , Brian McNamee , and a report by former Sen. George Mitchell stated that Clemens had used banned substances at points in his career . Rep. Henry Waxman , then the committee 's chairman , said perjury and false statements "  are serious crimes that undermine the ability of Congress to perform its duties . " "  Whether he committed a crime will be up to the judge and jury , " the California Democrat said in a written statement . But he said the investigation , which Waxman and then-ranking Republican Tom Davis requested , "  are important actions to protect the integrity of the Committee 's oversight work in this area and to help end the use of steroids and performance enhancing drugs in professional sports . " During the February 2008 hearing , Clemens vehemently denied using performance-enhancing drugs . Steroid use "  is totally incompatible with who I am and what I stand for , " he told lawmakers , adding , "  I can not in good conscience admit to doing something that I did not do , even if it would be easier to do so . " The six-count indictment , returned by a grand jury in Washington , states that Clemens "  did corruptly endeavor to influence , obstruct , and impede " the congressional investigation into the use of steroids by him and other major league players . It includes three counts of making false statements to investigators about the use of human growth hormone , steroids and vitamin B12 , and two counts of perjury stemming from his appearance before Waxman 's committee in 2008 . That testimony put him at odds with McNamee as well as one-time Yankees teammate Andy Pettite , who told a league investigation led by Mitchell that Clemens admitted using human growth hormone . A few weeks later , the committee 's leaders asked the Justice Department to launch a perjury probe of Clemens . Clemens ' lawyer , Rusty Hardin , told reporters Thursday that the pitcher expected the indictment . "  Roger has known from the very beginning that if he chose to publicly deny the accusations in the Mitchell report , that this day would come , " Hardin said . He said he warned Clemens he would be called before the House committee if he issued that denial , and if he repeated it in front of Congress , he would likely face perjury charges If he had used steroids , "  All he had to do was just admit he did it and move on like Andy , " Hardin said . But he added , "  I think people will understand sometimes the government 's wrong . " "  Now that they are ready to move forward , we are too , and we 'll let everything get taken care of in the courts , " he said . Clemens told investigators that Pettite -- who admitted to using human growth hormone on two occasions himself -- must have "  misheard " him , and he accused McNamee of lying "  to save his own skin " as federal authorities began probing the use of steroids in major sports . He filed a defamation suit against his ex-trainer in late 2008 . Clemens said the shots he recieved from his trainer were vitamin B12 , which is an allowed substance . But the trainer never had access to B12 and never injected him with such supplements , the indictment states .	NEW : Pitching legend 's lawyer says Clemens knew "  this day would come " Clemens denies allegations and says he wants his day in court Charges include obstructing Congress , false statements and perjury In 2008 , Clemens testified that he did n't use performance-enhancing drugs
Christmas was the favorite holiday for Marlise Munoz 's family . She , her brother and parents would open presents , go to the movies and shoot fireworks they had saved from July . But this holiday season , says Munoz 's mother , Lynne Machado , has been "  a living hell . " Munoz , 33 , has been brain dead since her husband , Erick Munoz , discovered her unconscious at home on November 26 , Machado said . The family says she is being kept alive on a ventilator at John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth , Texas , even though she would not want her life prolonged by a machine . Texas state law says life-sustaining treatment can not be withheld from a pregnant patient , regardless of her wishes or the age of the fetus . And Munoz was 14 weeks pregnant when she became hospitalized ; now she 's at 18 weeks . Munoz 's family wants to see that law rewritten or repealed . "  I ca n't imagine their intent would be for someone so young in pregnancy , at 14 weeks , to have them on life support until mid-May , " Machado said . Machado hopes to go before the Texas legislature to argue that when it comes to cases like this , "  one size does not fit all , " she said . But the family is not yet at the point of hiring a lawyer to pursue that , she said . "  We 're frankly waiting to see how long this lasts , " she said . "  There 's so much energy just trying to cope with what we see every time we go into ICU . And knowing our daughter is not there , but her body is being kept alive , is hard to see . " Husband of pregnant woman wants her off life support Unknowns about the fetus Machado saw her daughter no more than five hours before she fell unconscious on the kitchen floor at her home . Doctors wo n't know for sure the cause of death until Munoz has an autopsy , but they suspect she had a pulmonary embolism , Machado said . Machado fears that oxygen deprivation could have damaged the fetus . Doctors told the family it has a heartbeat in a normal range , Erick Munoz told WFAA , and at 24 weeks they may know more about its viability . "  We still have about a month to go before we have more answers to questions about what 's going to happen next , " Machado said . Although there are tests at the fetal stage that can pick up on problems , they can not provide certainty about normal development , experts say . "  We do n't have very precise measurements of fetal wellbeing , " Dr. Edmund LaGamma , neonatologist at New York Medical College in Valhalla , New York , who is not involved with the case . Based on the available facts , LaGamma said , there is a possibility of a good outcome for a fetus born to a woman in Munoz 's situation . Doctors will likely examine the appearance of the fetus , looking for indications of developmental issues , he said . For example , microcephaly , often indicated by abnormal growth of the fetus 's head , can be a sign of developmental issues . It 's a lot easier to predict bad outcomes than good , LaGamma said . The tests that doctors could perform , including an MRI of the fetal brain , ca n't assure normal development later . "  It 's like photograph of a baseball player , " he said . "  You can see how they stand . They look muscular . They 've got great position , hold the bat well . But until you put them in action , until you test that function of the brain , you ca n't tell whether it 's going to work well . " A law to protect unborn children The larger situation is a complicated one , involving competing interests and personal choices of individuals , state and federal regulations , as well as the right to life of the mother and child , LaGamma said . Munoz never filled out an advance directive stating what she would want to happen medically in a situation like this , if she could not express her own wishes . But Machado said Munoz had spoken several times to her parents and husband about it . "  We talked about it . We 're both paramedics , " Eric Munoz told CNN affiliate WFAA . "  We 've seen things out in the field . We both knew that we both did n't want to be on life support . " Even if she had signed such a document , though , Texas law would override her wishes because she is pregnant . "  The state has a compelling interest in preserving the life of its unborn citizens , " criminal defense attorney Danny Cevallos told CNN 's New Day . "  And that interest is superior to even the interest of the remaining family that might be charged with raising an ill child . " The hospital that is treating Munoz says it is adhering to the law . "  At all times , we will follow the law as it is applicable to health care in the state of Texas . And state law here says you can not withhold or withdraw life sustaining treatment for a pregnant patient , " J.R. Labbe , vice president of communications and community affairs for JPS Health Network , said . "  It 's that clear . " Arthur Caplan , director of the Division of Bioethics at New York University Langone Medical Center , told CNN 's New Day that he finds the law too restrictive . "  Given these variables , I think the Texas law does n't give enough room to have this discussion we 're having , which is : Are you sure that 's what she would want , are you sure the fetus could live , are you sure the fetus has n't been harmed ? " he said . A difficult Christmas Munoz 's brother unexpectedly died four years ago , at age 22 . Machado and her husband suddenly find themselves without children of their own . They have been taking care of Munoz 's 14-month-old son Mateo for the last week . While out shopping for milk for the boy on Monday , Machado broke down in tears when she came across marshmallows -- one of her daughter 's beloved treats . "  I thought , normally , I 'd pick up a bag for her , " Machado said , crying . "  It was hard to see something as simple as a bag of marshmallows . " Mateo loves marshmallows , too . His grandmother says the tradition will continue with him . Judge : California teen is brain dead after tonsil surgery	Marlise Munoz has been brain dead since November 26 She is 18 weeks pregnant and on life support Her mother and family want to challenge the law in Texas that 's keeping her alive
CNN  -- Filmmaker Roman Polanski has been arrested on an arrest warrant stemming from a decades-old sex charge , Swiss police said Sunday . Roman Polanski attends a film premiere in Paris , France , in June 2009 . The Academy Award-winning director pleaded guilty in 1977 to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor , acknowledging he had sex with a 13-year-old girl , but fled the United States before he could be sentenced . U.S. authorities issued a warrant for his arrest in 1978 . He was taken into custody trying to enter Switzerland on Saturday , Zurich police said . Polanski , 76 , has lived in France for decades to avoid being arrested if he enters the U.S. . He declined to collect his Academy Award for Best Director in person when he won it for "  The Pianist " in 2003 . He was en route to the Zurich Film Festival , which is holding a tribute to him , when he was arrested by Swiss authorities , the festival said . Polanski was nominated for best director Oscars for "  Tess " and "  Chinatown , " and for best writing for "  Rosemary 's Baby , " which he also directed . "  Roman Polanski , who is one of the greatest film directors of all time , would have been honored for his life 's work in Zurich today , " the film festival said in a statement . "  However yesterday , on Saturday , he was taken into custody while attempting to enter Switzerland due to a request by U.S. authorities in connection with an arrest warrant from 1978 . " The Swiss Justice Ministry said Polanski was put "  in provisional detention . " But whether he can be extradited to the United States "  can be established only after the extradition process judicially has been finalised , " a ministry spokesman said in an e-mail . "  It is possible to appeal at the federal penal court of justice against an arrest warrant in view to extradition as well as against an extradition decision , " the spokesman wrote . "  Their decisions can be taken further to the federal court of justice . " Polanski was accused of plying a 13-year-old girl with champagne and a sliver of a quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts , including intercourse , with her during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house . He was 43 at the time . Nicholson was not at home , but his girlfriend at the time , actress Anjelica Huston , was . According to a probation report contained in the filing , Huston described the victim as "  sullen . " "  She appeared to be one of those kind of little chicks between -- could be any age up to 25 . She did not look like a 13-year-old scared little thing , " Huston said . She added that Polanski did not strike her as the type of man who would force himself on a young girl . "  I do n't think he 's a bad man , " she said in the report . "  I think he 's an unhappy man . " Polanski pleaded guilty to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor . There have been repeated attempts to settle the case over the years , but the sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to return to attend hearings . Prosecutors have consistently argued that it would be a miscarriage of justice to allow a man to go free who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child . " Polanski 's lawyers tried earlier this year to have the charges thrown out , but a Los Angeles judge rejected the request . In doing so , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider his ruling if Polanski shows up in court . Espinoza also appeared to acknowledge problems with the way Polanski 's case was handled years ago . According to court documents , Polanski , his lawyer and the prosecutor thought they 'd worked out a deal that would spare Polanski from prison and let the young victim avoid a public trial . But the original judge in the case , who is now dead , first sent the director to maximum-security prison for 42 days while he underwent psychological testing . Then , on the eve of his sentencing , the judge told attorneys he was inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days . Polanski fled the United States for France , where he was born . In the February hearing , Espinoza mentioned a documentary film that depicts backroom deals between prosecutors and a media-obsessed judge who was worried his public image would suffer if he did n't send Polanski to prison . "  It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " said Espinoza . But he declined to dismiss the case entirely . Legal experts said such a ruling would have been extremely rare . Polanski 's victim is among those calling for the case to be tossed out . Samantha Geimer filed court papers in January saying , "  I am no longer a 13-year-old child . I have dealt with the difficulties of being a victim , have surmounted and surpassed them with one exception . "  Every time this case is brought to the attention of the Court , great focus is made of me , my family , my mother and others . That attention is not pleasant to experience and is not worth maintaining over some irrelevant legal nicety , the continuation of the case . " Geimer , now 45 , married and a mother of three , sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement . She long ago came forward and made her identity public -- mainly , she said , because she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Following Espinoza 's ruling earlier this year , Geimer 's lawyer , Larry Silver , said he was disappointed and that Espinoza "  did not get to the merits and consider the clear proof of both judicial and prosecutorial corruption . " He argued in court that had "  Mr. Polanski been treated fairly " his client would not still be suffering because of publicity almost 32 years after the crime . Polanski was arrested two days after one of his wife 's killers died . The director 's pregnant wife , actress Sharon Tate , and four others were butchered by members of the Manson "  family " in August 1969 . Polanski was filming in Europe at the time . By her own admission , Susan Atkins held the eight-months-pregnant Tate down as she pleaded for mercy , stabbing the 26-year-old actress 16 times . Atkins , 61 , died Thursday . She had been suffering from terminal brain cancer . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	NEW : Extradition can be fought in court , Swiss Justice Ministry says In 1977 Polanski pleaded guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old girl Oscar winner was en route to Zurich Film Festival , which was honoring him Polanski won Oscar for best writing for "  Rosemary 's Baby , " which he directed
CNN  -- Detroit became the largest U.S. city to exit bankruptcy this week , with the effective approval of a plan to slash $ 7 billion in debt and reinvest $ 1.4 billion to improve city services . The move set in motion the "  Grand Bargain , " an $ 816 million deal that ensured the bankruptcy 's timely and fair resolution , by helping to honor city retirees and preserve the Detroit Institute of Arts . Retired public employees and artwork -- two civic assets rarely thought of in the same breath . But in Detroit -- and , indeed , in countless cities across the country -- the duo constitute an essential part of the city soul . Take Diego Rivera 's Detroit Industry Murals , a work as iconic as any on display in the DIA . The murals personify the spirit of Detroit , where citizens of varying backgrounds came together to build the city with their own hands . It is this spirit of hard work and determination that made Detroit an envy of the world -- and that persists in communities throughout the region today . For much of the last 18 months , though , the pensions of tens of thousands of Detroit 's retirees , along with the world-class art collection at the DIA , were put at risk in Detroit 's bankruptcy . As the museum and retirees led the news , the focus was not the enduring spirit of the murals , nor the toil of Detroit 's workforce . The question , instead , centered on the whether Detroit needed them at all . How much would the city cut from retirees ' pensions plans ? What art could be sold from the DIA ? At the Kresge Foundation , a philanthropy rooted in Detroit and committed to expanding opportunity in cities nationwide , we fundamentally rejected this way of thinking . We refused to stand by while pensioners were dealt a devastating blow to their livelihoods . We could n't keep quiet as assets of one of our community 's greatest treasures were stripped . So we -- along with dozens of partners across the private , public and philanthropic sectors -- contributed to the Grand Bargain . In doing so , we affirmed our commitment not only to Detroit 's future , but to an even Grander Bargain : The notion that government and the citizens it represents can join together in pursuit of the common good . This social compact , and the set of values it embodies , must be embraced as cities look to succeed in the 21st century . With Detroit 's bankruptcy now behind us , it 's time to step back and reflect . Why did so many put so much money into art and pensions ? And what can we take from this chapter in one of America 's greatest cities ? First , the Grand Bargain is a study in collaboration between diverse -- and even unexpected -- stakeholders . When our group of foundations first announced this investment in January , we hoped our involvement would bolster the spirit of positive engagement and creativity in Detroit , encouraging others to invest strategically across the region . It did . Local and national philanthropies , retirees and unions , elected officials on both sides of the aisle and from all corners of Michigan , businesses from the "  Big Three " automakers to JP Morgan Chase , cultural advocates , a groundswell of Detroit residents -- all came together to forge this compromise , underscoring that no one entity , or sector , can do it alone . In an age of budget constraints and political polarization , cooperation is not only possible , but indeed critical to solving our most pressing urban problems . Second , this deal highlights the need to move beyond accepted ways of thinking â $ " to reject the status quo , particularly when it is shrouded in pessimism . It 's one thing to pay lip service to Detroit 's most vulnerable residents and a vital civic asset . It 's entirely another to develop a legal framework and garner the support necessary to do so . Revitalizing American cities will require the same nimbleness , innovation and risk-taking that were on display in Detroit . It will require real risk -- of resources and reputation . Third , our investment says something about the values we , as foundations , think are essential to prosperity and inclusion . Shoring up pension funds helps families , bolsters the local economy and relieves pressure on municipal operating budgets . Treasured cultural beacons like the DIA strengthen metropolitan areas , attract residents and visitors alike , and add to citizens ' connection to the city . And in Detroit , supporting the dignity of retired city employees and preserving the art were , above all else , essential to hastening the city 's bankruptcy and putting it back in the starting blocks . There 's no doubt that Detroit 's emergence from bankruptcy has been hard . We faced tough questions about the accountability of non-elected decision-makers ; and about the feasibility of improving Detroit 's public services , remediating blight and rebuilding the tax base . Retirees who negotiated in good faith still face pain and hardship . The road ahead will be challenging , as institutions need rebuilding , communities need repairing , and the trust of citizens needs restoring . But it is the positive characteristics of the Grand Bargain that form the basis of Detroit 's future -- and that serve as inspiration for other cities to tackle similar , seemingly insurmountable challenges . Resilience and hope triumphed in Detroit . All strands of our community joined to weave a fabric of possibility that will forever change this city . There have been times over this last year when our aspirations to get back to work seemed beyond reach . But the stakes were too high to fail ; there was simply too much potential to give up . In Detroit , each person , institution , and community rose to the challenge . It 's time to do that once again -- not just in the Motor City , but across the nation . If there 's a lesson from Detroit 's bankruptcy , it is that . We can , and we will , protect our cities .	Rip Rapson : Detroit exited bankruptcy this week , saved pensions , city 's art collection He says ` Grand Bargain ' bonded varied stakeholders committed to Detroit 's future Plan prioritized workers , arts , civic life to health of city , but still challenges , he says Rapson : Other cities should learn to draw communities together , think outside box
CNN  -- Southwest Airlines was inspecting 44 planes Wednesday after an "  ambiguity related to required testing " was found during a review of records , the airline said . Earlier this week , Southwest placed three employees on administrative leave and began conducting an internal investigation into the allegations that it flew planes without proper inspections . The House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , which initiated an investigation months ago , issued a statement on Southwest 's decision . "  This action by Southwest Airlines raises serious questions about whether -LSB- the Federal Aviation Administration -RSB- adequately followed up on the discovery a year ago that Southwest had failed to make required inspections , " the statement said . The FAA should have "  immediately undertaken a review of the airline 's records . " "  Had such a review been conducted , FAA would have found or prevented the ` ambiguity ' in Southwest 's maintenance , which Southwest has discovered after its own review of its records this week , " the committee statement said . The 44 planes included five that were already out of service for scheduled maintenance checks plus one that "  was already retired , " the company said in a news release Wednesday afternoon . Watch what 's to be expected " Taking the other 38 planes out of service for inspection resulted in the cancellation of "  approximately 4 percent of today 's Southwest flights , " the release said . "  Due to good weather conditions , the decision caused minimal schedule disruptions and the airline is running more than 90 percent on time , " it said . By midafternoon , it said , "  a portion of the aircraft have been inspected , cleared , and returned to service . The airline expects to have all of these aircraft inspected by early this evening . " It said other such service interruptions could occur in coming days because of "  the ongoing internal review of Southwest 's maintenance programs , policies , and procedures . " Linda Rutherford , another Southwest spokeswoman , said the inspections take 90 minutes . Southwest Airlines CEO Gary Kelly said in a statement released Tuesday : "  Upon learning last month of an investigation with respect to our handling of this inspection and an airworthiness directive , I immediately ordered an independent and comprehensive investigation by outside counsel . " Southwest did not say whether the inspections were of the plane 's fuselages or rudders , both of which were mentioned in a CNN exclusive investigation released last week . According to detailed congressional documents obtained by CNN , Southwest Airlines flew some planes in violation of mandatory safety checks . Last week the Federal Aviation Administration initiated actions to seek a $ 10.2 million civil penalty against the airline for allegedly operating 46 airplanes without conducting mandatory checks for fuselage cracking . The amount of the proposed penalty "  reflects the serious nature of those deliberate violations , " the FAA said in a statement . The FAA has said Southwest operated 46 Boeing 737s on nearly 60,000 flights between June 2006 and March 2007 while failing to comply with an FAA directive requiring repeated inspections of fuselage areas to detect fatigue cracking . The FAA also alleges that after Southwest discovered it had failed to comply , it continued to operate the same planes on an additional 1,451 flights in March 2007 . The airline later found that six of the 46 planes had fatigue cracks , the FAA said . Documents provided to CNN show that another 70 Southwest jets were allowed to fly past the deadline for the mandatory rudder inspections . Those documents also say that 47 planes -- one more than reported by the FAA -- flew without their mandatory fuselage inspections . In some cases , according to the documents the FAA provided to congressional investigators , the planes flew for 30 months past government inspection deadlines and should have grounded them until the inspections could be completed . The documents were prepared by two FAA safety inspectors who have requested whistle-blower status from the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee . Both inspectors have been subpoenaed to testify before the committee . Rep. James Oberstar , D-Minnesota , who heads the committee and who has called the situation "  one of the worst safety violations " he has ever seen , is scheduled to hold a hearing April 3 to ask why the airline may have allegedly put its passengers in danger . The whistle-blowers say FAA managers knew about the lapse in safety at Southwest , but decided to allow the airline to conduct the safety checks on a slower schedule because taking "  aircraft out of service would have disrupted Southwest Airlines ' flight schedule . " "  I am concerned with some of our findings as to our controls over procedures within our maintenance airworthiness directive and regulatory compliance processes , " Kelly said Tuesday . "  I have insisted that we have the appropriate maintenance organizational and governance structure in place to ensure that the right decisions are being made . " In addition to putting three employees on administrative leave , Southwest has hired a consultant to review its maintenance program controls and is working closely with the FAA on its current audit of the fleet . "  These are important and necessary steps , " Kelly said . "  We have been a safe company . I believe we are a safe company . I am committed to making sure we become safer still . " The mandatory checks for fuselage cracks were required after the cabin of an Aloha Airlines 737 tore apart in midair in 1988 , killing a flight attendant . The incident was blamed on cracks in the fuselage that grew wider as the plane underwent pressure changes during flight . Southwest Airlines has never had a catastrophic crash . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	NEW : Spokeswoman : 44 planes grounded to see if they need further inspections Lawmaker calls April 3 hearing , says it 's "  one of the worst safety violations " he 's seen FAA says Southwest jets made almost 60,000 flights without fuselage inspections Whistle-blowers say FAA knew of violations but did n't want to disrupt service
London  CNN  -- Voice mails left by Paul McCartney for his then-girlfriend Heather Mills were illegally accessed and heard by a former employee of a major British newspaper group , Mills told an independent investigation into press ethics Thursday . The former Beatle left about 25 messages for her one night in 2001 , including one where he sang to her , as he tried to make up with her after a quarrel , she said . "  One of them said , ` Please forgive me , ' and he sang a little ditty of one of his songs onto the voice mail , " said Mills . The former Trinity Mirror group employee later phoned her and said he had heard her voice mail . She responded angrily , she testified before the Leveson Inquiry , saying there was no way he could have heard the message unless he had obtained it illegally . Mills said the man laughed , and she said she told him : "  I promise you , if you report this story , even if it 's true , you have obtained the information illegally , and I will do something about it . " "  And he never reported the story , " she added . The inquiry is not releasing the name of the person who heard the message because he is under police investigation , said Robert Jay , the chief counsel to the Inquiry . But it was not a Daily Mirror journalist or anyone working under the supervision of its then-editor , Piers Morgan , Jay said . Morgan now hosts a CNN talk show , "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " The voice mail in question was a critical point when Morgan testified in December before the Leveson Inquiry . The probe was set up in response to widespread anger in Britain at the revelation that a murdered 13-year-old girl 's phone was hacked by journalists in search of stories -- and that many other crime and terror victims , politicians and celebrities had also been targeted . Rupert Murdoch 's News of the World tabloid has been the focus of much of the anger , and Murdoch 's son James ordered it shut down over the scandal . But accusations have been leveled against other newspapers as well , including the Daily Mirror . Testifying in December , Morgan said he did not believe phone hacking had taken place when he was editor of the tabloid , prompting Jay to follow up : "  You do n't believe so or you are sure ? " "  I do n't believe so , " Morgan responded by video link . Jay pressed Morgan particularly hard about his having written in 2006 that he had heard a message McCartney left for Mills , trying to make up after a quarrel and singing to her . Morgan refused to say who played the message for him or where , but he admitted under sustained questioning that he believed it was a voice mail . "  Did you know that was unethical ? " Jay demanded . "  Not unethical , no . It does n't necessarily follow that it was unethical , " Morgan said , insisting he would not "  go down a trail that will lead to the identification of a source . " On Thursday , Mills said she had never authorized Morgan to access her voice mail or to listen to a recording of it . "  Never , ever , " she said . She said she had never made a recording of any of the messages . "  No , no . They were deleted pretty much straight away , " she said . Brian Leveson , the judge leading the inquiry , intervened to ask if she had ever authorized anyone to listen to her voice mail . "  No , " she said . Mills and McCartney divorced in 2008 . Morgan has said in the past that he has never hacked a voice mail and vigorously denied ever ordering phone hacking . Morgan said Thursday , "  I have nothing further to add to the evidence I gave to the Leveson Inquiry . " The publisher of the defunct News of the World paid out hundreds of thousands of pounds Wednesday to settle lawsuits over phone hacking from celebrities and politicians , including former Tony Blair spokesman Alastair Campbell . Piers Morgan is a former editor the News of the World , but left in 1995 -- about seven years before the Milly Dowler hacking -- and went to the Mirror , which he edited until 2004 . With Wednesday 's settlements , News Group Newspapers has settled 59 of the 60 lawsuits against it . But former child singing star Charlotte Church , who has testified publicly about the damage phone hacking did to her personal life , has refused to settle . Her case is expected to go to court as soon as this month . In addition to the Leveson Inquiry , police are carrying out three separate investigations into elements of the scandal : phone hacking , e-mail hacking , and police bribery . Two parliamentary committees are also investigating the scandal . Both James and Rupert Murdoch , as well as senior executives at News International , have testified before British lawmakers examining allegations of wrongdoing . There have been 13 arrests in connection with Operation Elveden , the Metropolitan Police investigation into bribery of police officers by journalists . There have been 17 arrests in relation to Operation Weeting , the phone-hacking inquiry . Three people have been arrested in connection with both investigations . No one has been charged . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Jonathan Wald contributed to this story .	Heather Mills says a journalist called her , having heard the voice mail It was not Piers Morgan or one of his employees , the inquiry lawyer says The Leveson Inquiry is probing press ethics after a phone-hacking scandal Rupert Murdoch 's news group has settled 59 of 60 phone-hacking lawsuits
CNN  -- After almost two years in captivity , Peter Theo Curtis is finally home . The American released Sunday after being held in Syria briefly addressed a gaggle of reporters in Cambridge , Massachusetts , on Wednesday . "  I had no idea when I was in prison so much effort was being expended on my behalf , " he said , explaining that he was grateful for those who tried to secure his release from Islamist militants . "  Total strangers have been coming up to me  saying  , ` Hey , we 're just glad you 're home , ' said Curtis , who was dressed in jeans , sandals and a T-shirt . "  I suddenly remember how good the American people are and what kindness they have in their hearts , " he added . "  I 'm overwhelmed by emotion . " The 45-year-old professional writer thanked journalists for expressing such great interest in him , but he said he had to bond with his mother and he just could n't bring himself to give an interview now . "  That 's all I can say to you , " he said , promising to give interviews later and "  help you guys do your job . " "  I will respond , " he said , "  but I ca n't do it now . " He then stepped away from the cameras . An end to a traumatic ordeal Curtis flew Tuesday from Tel Aviv , Israel , to the United States , stopping in Newark , New Jersey , before reuniting with his mother in Boston , his family said earlier in a news release . "  I have been so touched and moved , beyond all words , by the people who have come up to me today -- strangers on the airplane , the flight attendants and , most of all , my family to say welcome home , " Curtis said . Curtis ' mother Nancy , said she was "  overwhelmed with relief " that he had returned . But given the recent death of American journalist James Foley , who was beheaded by militants with ISIS , she could n't bring herself to celebrate . Curtis was believed to have been captured in October 2012 and held by al-Nusra Front , a rebel group with ties to al Qaeda . Al-Nusra is a different rebel group than ISIS . "  I do n't think anybody 's in the mood of celebration . You know , we 're relieved , " Curtis earlier told CNN outside her home in Cambridge , Massachusetts . "  But after the events of the last week and knowing those other children of my friends are in danger , you know , I have very conflicted emotions . I 've come to know the other families as well , and these kids have a lot in common . " Matt Wormser , a Vermont resident and Peter Theo Curtis ' former high school roommate , said it was a "  very bittersweet time " for friends and relatives of the freed hostage . "  It 's been tremendously difficult for Nancy , " he said . The first person Curtis contacted after confirming that her son had been released was Foley 's mother , Diane , she told "  ABC World News Tonight . " "  You learn to get over the panic , " Nancy Curtis told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  You learn to just take each hour as it comes . " Handing over a prisoner The United Nations said Peter Theo Curtis was handed over Sunday to U.N. peacekeepers in the Golan Heights , which is under Israeli government control , and was given a medical checkup . State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Curtis was brought to Tel Aviv , for medical evaluations . Harf said he appeared to be in good health . Curtis made a brief call to his mother Sunday , Nancy Curtis said . "  He said , ` Mom , they 're just being so nice to me . They put me in this wonderful hotel , and I 'm drinking a beer , and there are women out there , ' " she recalled . "  Because he 's been in a cellar for two years , and he has n't seen anything , no street life or obviously no women to be seen , and so he was really excited , and he was thrilled to be in Tel Aviv and frustrated that he ca n't go out because the place apparently is surrounded by paparazzi . " Curtis expressed gratitude to many for helping secure her son 's release , including the FBI , Secretary of State John Kerry , Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , Atlantic Media Chairman and owner David Bradley , U.N. Ambassador Samantha Power and , especially , the government of Qatar . "  Here 's this extraordinary woman , and she said , ` We are going to get Theo free , ' and after we made those contacts , things moved rapidly , " Curtis said of Alia Al Thani , Qatar 's permanent representative to the United Nations . Qatar recently helped arrange the exchange of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , the only U.S. service member held by militants in Afghanistan , for five Taliban detainees held in the U.S. military base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The United States was not involved in negotiations for Peter Theo Curtis ' release but was aware of private efforts to secure the release , two U.S. law enforcement officials said . Harf said Qatari officials "  told the family very clearly that they did not pay ransom " -- something the United States government , as a policy , does n't do when dealing with kidnappers and terrorists . An author and journalist Curtis is an author and freelance reporter who writes under the name Theo Padnos . He contributed articles about the Middle East to various publications , including the New Republic , The Huffington Post and the London Review of Books . He has also published two books : "  My Life Had Stood a Loaded Gun , " a memoir about teaching literature to young offenders at a correctional facility in Vermont , and "  Undercover Muslim : A Journey into Yemen , " which investigates Islamic extremism . He was born in Atlanta and graduated from Middlebury College in Vermont . Curtis holds a doctorate in comparative literature from the University of Massachusetts and is fluent in French and Arabic , according to a statement from his family . He also speaks German and Russian . "  He had spent six years living in the Middle East , " Nancy Curtis said . "  He is very interested in the culture ; he is fluent in Arabic . And he sees himself as someone who can help interpret what 's going on there . He 's particularly good at relating to ... confused young people who are trying to give meaning to their lives . Some of them get sucked up into this world of jihad . " Fears heightened for Western hostages Why freelance reporting is so dangerous Foley 's murder : ' A message to Britain ' CNN 's Marisa Marcellino and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Peter Theo Curtis thanks journalists but declines to make more than a few statements He apologizes to journalists that he ca n't say more , says he wants bonding time with mother Islamist militants had held the 45-year-old journalist in Syria for nearly two years Nancy Curtis says the release is bittersweet , coming shortly after another journalist 's beheading
