CNN  -- When the Burj Khalifa officially opened in Dubai on Monday , much of the world press noted the irony of the world 's tallest building unveiled just weeks after the emirate 's debt crash . But a look at the history of record-breaking skyscrapers and business cycles suggests otherwise -- the opening of every single "  world 's tallest " building in the past century has coincided with an economic downturn . One person who was n't surprised by the economic woes greeting the dedication of the Burj Khalifa  renamed Monday from Burj Dubai in honor of the sheikh of Abu Dhabi , which recently threw Dubai a $ 10 billion lifeline  was Auburn University economist Mark Thornton . He predicted tough times for the emirate two years ago in a blog entitled "  New Record Skyscraper  and depression ?  in the making . " He noted that economic depression or stock market collapse usually occurs prior to completion of such skyscrapers . "  Maybe the economic damage will be confined to the UAE , " he wrote in his post on August 7 , 2007 -- the summer in the United States when subprime mortgage defaults started to rise , auguring the start of the Great Recession . The opening of these epic edifices is a strikingly reliable indicator of a business downturn : * The 186-meter Singer building opened in New York in the wake of the market panic of 1907 . * The Empire State Building opened in 1931 , taking the mantle of world 's tallest building briefly held by 40 Wall Street and Chrysler Buildings . All of these New York buildings were conceived before the 1929 Crash , and opened after the Great Depression had begun . * The two towers of the World Trade Center were opened in 1972 and 1973 , and the Sears Tower  since renamed Willis Tower  opened in 1974 -- when the U.S. was mired in "  stagflation " of growing unemployment and inflation . * Petronas Towers opened in 1998 in Malaysia , just as the Asia Financial Crisis was sweeping through the region . This correlation was first noticed by market analyst Christofer Rathke , who while based in Tokyo in the 1980s noticed the spate of building huge building projects in Japan just as its economic bubble burst . "  It seemed strikingly similar to what happened during the building of the Chrysler Building in New York , " he said . Digging deeper , he found that long-running bull markets always preceded the building of these tall structures . In 1999 , Hong Kong-based analyst Andrew Lawrence wrote a widely read research paper called "  The Skyscraper Index " which furthered the argument that super-tall buildings augur bad times . The index has been treated as a novelty indicator -- much like the Super Bowl index  if a team from the NFC division wins , U.S. stock markets on average finish the year ahead  , Thornton said . But Thornton argues in his 2005 research paper , "  Skyscrapers and Business Cycles , " that the correlation is real : Skyscrapers are a physical manifestation of the bull markets that build them . "  It has all the components that are involved in a major boom or bust cycle , " Thornton said . The components that give rise to the skyscrapers give rise to the boom : loose monetary policy and easy credit drive up land prices , "  and people want to build higher to offset that , " he said . "  You have easy credit and low interest rates fueling stock prices , and this creates an overly speculative market place . "  Monetary inflation and credit tends to increase the size of companies , who grow from local , regional to an international presence " -- creating both the wealth to build and the customer demand , Thornton said . And , of course , rising wealth inflates egos . "  There is an issue of vanity -- people want to build something a little higher , and  customers  want to locate in those prestigious places , " Thornton said . "  It definitely improves the value of your business card . " The skyscraper correlation is "  has a very polarizing effect on people " in the tall building industry , said Steve Watts , a partner with Davis Langdon & Seah international and co-chair of economics committee of the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat , the international body which officially ranks the world 's highest structures . "  It annoys a lot of people , but I personally think that the economics the theory is based on is sound , " he said . However , Watts points out that the economic life of iconic structures outlasts the boom times that created them and the bust that follows . "  Compared to a 10-story office block , which probably has a life cycle of 20 years , some of these towers have lifecycles of 70 years or more , " he said . The past decade since the completion of the Petronas Towers "  has been a period of time for unprecedented success of tall buildings , " he said , but with the ribbon-cutting of the Burj Khalifa and the economic downturn , he believes the go-go times in the high-rise race are over -- for now . "  My personal view is it will be a while before you 'll see any other building built that beats the Burj , " he said . If the skyscraper effect is true , that could be good news for the world economy .	The opening of every single "  world 's tallest " building in the past century has coincided with an economic downturn The Burj Khalifa opened just weeks after Dubai had to receive a $ 10 billion bailout Some researchers say skyscrapers are a physical manifestation of a boom and bust cycle in business
CNN  -- Park Geun-hye made history Monday by becoming South Korea 's first female president , pledging to secure South Korea against the threat of an increasingly hostile North Korea at the same time as mending bridges with Pyongyang . "  North Korea 's recent nuclear test is a challenge to the survival and future of the Korean people , and there should be no mistake that the biggest victim will be none other than North Korea itself , " she said . "  I urge North Korea to abandon its nuclear ambitions without delay and embark on the path to peace and shared development . " Opinion : Why Madam president may not be gender game changer Reiterating her policy of ` trustpolitik ' - a policy based on deterrence combined with cautious approaches to North Korea - she said she intended to "  lay the groundwork for an era of harmonious unification where all Koreans can lead more prosperous and freer lives and where their dreams can come true . " "  I will move forward step-by-step on the basis of credible deterrence to build trust between the South and the North . " She said South Koreans stood at a new juncture , confronting the difficulties of the global financial crisis as well as the threat from the North . "  I will usher in a new era of hope whereby the happiness of each citizen becomes the bedrock of our nation 's strength which in turn is shared by and benefits all Koreans , " she said . When she was elected last December , Park broke barriers in the patriarchal East Asian nation , though she is deeply connected to its past . Her father , Park Chung-hee , was one of the founders of modern Korea who took power after a coup d'etat and ruled heavy-handedly for 18 years before being shot dead by his intelligence chief in 1979 . Read more : Park faces tough challenges His memory still divides South Korea -- some regard him as the cornerstone of South Korea 's present prosperity , others see him as a dictator who ignored human rights and crushed dissent . Although she has apologized for human rights violations during his rule , Park has been criticized for not doing enough to distance herself from his legacy . Still , any concerns about her family 's past were n't enough to prevent 52 % of voters from elevating her to the presidency . Park , 61 , and her opponent , the Democratic United Party 's Moon Jae-in , offered similarly moderate plans during the campaign , addressing income inequality , reining in the power of family-owned conglomerates and improving relations with North Korea . On North Korea , Park distinguished herself from former President Lee Myung-bak , who demanded an end to Pyongyang 's nuclear arms program as a condition of economic aid , by offering a softer , carrot-and-stick approach . She visited the North Korean capital in 2002 and met with its late leader Kim Jong Il . Since then , his son Kim Jong Un has taken over in Pyongyang , continuing a policy of defiant work on the country 's budding nuclear program , including a test earlier this month that drew widespread international condemnation . "  Precisely because trust is at a low point these days , South Korea has a chance to rebuild it , " Park told Foreign Affairs magazine before she won the election . "  In order to transform the Korean Peninsula from a zone of conflict into a zone of trust , South Korea has to adopt a policy of ` trustpolitik , ' establishing mutually binding expectations based on global norms . " Domestically , Park campaigned as a fiscal conservative , advocating tax cuts for business to boost investment and jobs and vowing to restructure welfare programs . At the same time , she promised soon after winning election "  to take care of our people one by one . " In a speech at the headquarters of her Saenuri political party Thursday morning , she invoked a phrase coined by her father , who also served as president in an era when he was encouraging people to pull South Korea out of poverty . "  I would like to re-create the miracle of ` let 's live well ' so people can worry less about their livelihood and young people can happily go to work , " Park said . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report .	The inauguration of Park Geun-hye is held in Seoul , South Korea Park becomes the East Asian nation 's first female president Her father was Park Chung-hee , who ruled South Korea from 1961 to 1979 She 's vowed a softer approach to North Korea , hoping to build a "  zone of trust "
As world powers are gathering in Vienna this week for a final round of nuclear talks with Iran , Western diplomats put their chances of a comprehensive deal at 50 percent at best and a breakthrough before the Nov. 24 deadline appears highly unlikely . While an accord might not be met by next Monday 's deadline , diplomats say it is possible to agree on the outline of a deal . They say an extension of the talks to resolve the remaining issues and work out the details is the most likely scenario . Though nobody is talking publicly yet about the prospects for an extension , one senior administration official said a continuation of the talks was far preferable to a total collapse of the process . "  We are striving for a final deal , but if that does n't happen , do we walk away and throw away all of the progress that has been made over these nine months , " the official asked rhetorically . "  We just ca n't do that . " The parties have been tight-lipped about the details of the negotiations , most of which are highly technical . While diplomatic sources say progress has been made on all issues , the main sticking points continue to center around Iran 's uranium enrichment capacity and the pace at which decades long sanctions against Tehran would be lifted in exchange for intrusive inspections and curbs on its program . A deal would help end decades of mutual mistrust between Iran and the West , paving the way for better relations and potential cooperation . But failure could lead to an unwanted military confrontation in a region already wracked by violence , instability and political chaos . Negotiations are aimed at reconfiguring Iran 's nuclear program in an effort to extend the time Iran would have enough fissile material for a nuclear weapon , otherwise known as the "  breakout time . " Experts say at present it could take Iran as little as three months . The six world powers want to extend that to at least a year , giving the international community time to intervene . As the number of outstanding issues has dwindled , the differences over the remaining ones have grown sharper . Diplomats caution nothing is truly agreed to until everything is hammered out -- comparing the negotiations to a complex "  Rubix Cube " - like puzzle . Take Iran 's enrichment program . A key component of extending Iran 's breakout time centers around limiting the amount of enriched uranium Iran is able to produce and keep on hand . The U.S. and its allies have demanded major cuts in the amount of centrifuges Iran can keep to enrich uranium . At the onset of negotiations , Iran demanded to keep all 19,000 of its centrifuges , while the US and its allies wanted to cut the number to as low as 1,500 . Now diplomats say the six world powers are prepared to accept around 4,500 centrifuges . That 's still far from the roughly 8 to 10,000 Iran seems prepared to accept . But that magic number of centrifuges is also dependent on an agreement by Iran to reduce its stockpile of already-enriched uranium . Diplomats say Iran has indicated a willingness to ship much of its estimated 28,000 pounds of enriched uranium to Russia , where it would be converted into nuclear fuel for civilian usage . This would also help to extend Iran 's breakout time and could unlock the stalemate over how many centrifuges Iran can keep . Another goal is to prevent Iran from acquiring enough plutonium to give it a second route a nuclear bomb through its heavy water reactor at Arak . The reactor was under construction , but work stopped in this past January under the interim deal reached between Iran and the six world powers . If fully operational , the reactor could reprocess fuel into plutonium . Diplomats say proposals have been introduced to "  modify " the plant to prevent plutonium from ever being produced . One option under discussion involves converting the plant into a light water reactor which could be used for civilian purposes . Adding to doubts about a final deal are charges by the UN 's nuclear watchdog that Iran has not handed over past research on the military dimension of its nuclear program . World powers want the International Atomic Energy Agency to conclusively rule on whether Iran has worked on designing an atomic bomb . Iran denies the charges , saying its nuclear program is solely for peaceful purposes . But a recent IAEA report , obtained by CNN , said that Iran has failed to address the suspicions by explaining its activity on high explosives testing and other nuclear activity . Despite a pledge in May to Iran come clean with the IAEA about the activity , the report said Iran "  has not provided any explanations that enable the agency to clarify " the outstanding questions . Iran has demanded an immediate lifting of all sanctions once a deal is struck , while American and European diplomats want a gradual lifting of sanctions once Iran demonstrates it is adhering to its end of the deal . The duration of the deal is also in dispute -- Iran wants a settlement of all issues after five years , but world powers are calling for at least ten . A senior U.S. administration official briefing reporters ahead of the talks predicted that neither Iran 's supreme leader nor the six world powers would reveal their actual bottom line until the eleventh hour . "  We are at a very , very difficult point in this negotiation , " she said . "  We all knew that tough decisions -- the toughest decisions -- would not be taken 'til the end , and that is likely to be the case , if they can be taken at all . " While an accord might not be within reach by next Monday 's deadline , diplomats say it is possible to agree on an outline . President Barack Obama and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani face domestic political pressure to strike a deal . An extension could sharpen opposition both in the U.S. and in Iran . Republicans take control of the Senate in January and lawmakers have threatened fresh sanctions on Iran if a deal is not reached . Although Obama has the power to veto , just the prospect of additional sanctions could drive Iran away from the table . Rouhani and Foreign Minister Javad Zarif , the lead Iranian negotiator , are under fire from conservatives and lawmakers who were skeptical of the interim deal and have said a final agreement must be ratified by parliament . Earlier this month 200 Iranian members of parliament signed a statement demanding that Iranian negotiators "  vigorously defend " the country 's nuclear rights and ensure a "  total lifting of sanctions " . As the clock ticks down , western diplomats say a deal will hinge on an Iranian political decision that needs to happen this week . "  We do n't think any side wants to walk away , " one Western diplomat said . "  But we need to make the Iranians understand that , yes , we want a deal and we are prepared to work hard at getting one , but not at any cost . There are red lines we ca n't cross , and if there is n't enough progress by next week , what will change ? " Iran , too , is making clear it has red lines . Arriving in Vienna for the talks , Zarif said a deal hinged on the political will of the West , making clear Iran would "  be resisting excessive demands " in the final negotiating sessions . "  We are here to find a solution that respects the Iranian nation 's rights and removes the legitimate concerns of the international community , " he said . Despite the posturing on both sides , diplomats did not rule out the potential for a surprise eleventh hour deal , just as negotiators announced an interim deal to continue negotiations in the final hours of talks last year . "  Big rabbits got pulled of small hats last time , " one Western diplomat said . "  I would never say never . "	Talks between Western diplomats and Iran regarding its nuclear program are showing progress The talks have a deadline for a deal of Monday that appears unlikely to be met One issue remains is how many centrifuges is Iran allowed to keep Both the U.S. and Iran are facing political headwinds from home
CNN  -- Twitter , which has a history of complying with court requests for users ' data , appears to be drawing a line in the sand . The company filed a motion in a New York State court on Monday to quash a court order that would force it to hand over data pertaining to a user involved with the Occupy Wall Street movement , according to a blog post from the American Civil Liberties Union . Malcom Harris , the user in question , is being prosecuted by the District Attorney 's office in Manhattan for disorderly conduct during the Occupy movement 's march across the Brooklyn Bridge last year . The prosecution is asking Twitter for Harris 's email address and all his tweets over a three-month period . Twitter , however , countered that the court would need a search warrant to get that information . It pointed to a recent Supreme Court decision which found that attaching a GPS device is considered a search under the Fourth Amendment , which prevents unreasonable searches and seizures . "  If the Fourth Amendment 's warrant requirement applies merely to surveillance of one 's location in public areas for 28 days , it also applies to the District Attorney 's effort to force Twitter to produce over three months worth of a citizen 's substantive communications , regardless of whether the government alleges those communications are public or private , " wrote Twitter in its motion . Twitter also suggested that Harris owns his own tweets and could therefore file a motion to quash on his own , despite the prosecution 's assertion of the opposite . The ACLU is calling Twitter 's move a "  big deal . " "  If Internet users can not protect their own constitutional rights , the only hope is that Internet companies do so , " wrote Aden Fine , senior staff attorney at the ACLU . "  That is why it is so important to encourage those companies that we all increasingly rely on to do what they can to protect their customers ' free speech and privacy rights . " Harris , who tweets under the handle @BigMeanInternet , welcomed the news becoming public . " @BigMeanInternet : Oh sweet , it 's public . Twitter motioned to quash my subpoena all on their own , saying that I do retain rights to my content . " He also expressed gratitude toward Twitter for defending his personal information . "  Twitter 's Terms of Service make absolutely clear that its users own their content , " a spokesperson from Twitter told Mashable . "  Our filing with the court reaffirms our steadfast commitment to defending those rights for our users . " Earlier this year , Twitter gave the Boston Police Department one users ' data . Another user subpoenaed by law enforcement , Jeff Rae , told Mashable that he would be filing his own motion last March . Rae called Twitter 's recent decision "  excellent . " "  I think that this goes to show that Twitter realizes what allowing the state to subpoena accounts can do to their credibility to social and political movements , " Rae told Mashable via email . "  Twitter has one of the better user policies out there  they actually notify their users of subpoenas  , and to see them standing up to fight subpoenas like this is promising . " Do you think Twitter should stand up to court orders such as these ? Sound off in the comments below . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Twitter fights court order to hand over user 's data District attorney wants information on a member of the Occupy Wall Street movement Site says the court would need a search warrant , that users own their content ACLU calls Twitter 's move to fight it "  a big deal "
Sierra Leone  CNN  -- It 's Monday , mid-morning as we drive east down rain-slicked roads . There are no cars , no trucks , and no people . Sierra Leone 's government demanded a shutdown and its citizens are listening . The West African nation crippled by Ebola is responding to the outbreak through a day of prayer and reflection . But that gives little comfort to us . Ebola is a disease that spreads fear faster than it infects . And the emptiness makes us uneasy . We 're headed to Doctors Without Borders or MSF 's treatment facility in Kailahun , a border community in the middle of the Kissi triangle , linking the country with Liberia and Guinea . Simply put , it 's the epicenter of this unprecedented epidemic . Already more than 1,700 people have been infected across the three countries and now Nigeria and possibly more . Ebola can kill up to 90 % of those infected and more than 930 people have already died in this epidemic , dwarfing all previous Ebola outbreaks . The WHO has just declared it a public health emergency . But as we sit down with MSF 's emergency coordinator at their makeshift headquarters , we realize , months since the first infection , no one yet truly knows the outbreak 's full scope . "  We are too late . In an Ebola outbreak you need to be a step ahead . We are two steps behind , " says Anja Wolz . What MSF needs , says Wolz , is n't more doctors -- they have those . What 's needed are more experts out in the communities , to trace the disease and help train local health workers , she says . Ebola virus : 9 things to know about the killer disease Wolz , a veteran responder to outbreaks , much of her staff 's time is focused educating workers on how to respond safely to a virus that can infect with just one drop of bodily fluid . If mistakes are made , the results are deadly . The MSF 's Ebola case management center in Kailahun is tightly sealed . We clumsily balance on one leg and then the other as a technician sprays the soles of our shoes with chlorine . Once inside , orange netting separates the low-risk zone from the high-risk areas . It 's just a few feet , but we 're told that 's more than enough . While Ebola is highly infectious , it is n't particularly contagious , as it 's only spread by direct contact with bodily fluids -- not through the air . Still , we watch the doctors take incredible care as they suit-up in layer after layer of protective gear . Dr. Stefan Kruger and others will enter the high-risk zone several times a day . The heat without the suits is uncomfortable . With the suits it 's nearly unbearable . The medical staff can only go in an hour at a time , after that the sweat in their facemasks becomes a risk . The work is intense , the stress levels are incredibly high , and there 's little doctors can do here except treat the symptoms of Ebola . There is no confirmed cure for the virus . 9 questions about this new Ebola drug Still Kruger says for him there was no question that he needed to be here . "  At the moment , in Kailahun , if MSF was n't here , there would be nothing . That 's good enough reason for me . " The district 's population is nearly 500,000 with just four ambulances . Containing the virus means isolating each patient . For now , that is n't happening -- the center has just 80 beds . "  It is really is frustrating for us because we do n't have the capacity to go everywhere , " says Wolz . Luckily Tenah Naloh came to them . Her husband and son died of the disease and she and her daughter continue to battle in the high-risk zone . To talk to her , we must stand a few feet away , the orange netting , separating us . We know the protocols protect us , but they isolate her . What 's the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? When they are n't treating patients , doctors here spend time in the low-risk zone , talking with their masks off , so that patients can see their faces . But , there 's no way around the isolation that Tenah and others here feel . Doctors here say they know how to contain Ebola . They just need more resources . It 's clear talking to patients like Teneh , the will to beat Ebola is here too . "  We are feeling much better , we are strong and we are going to fight . "	An Ebola outbreak in West Africa has infected more than 1,700 people CNN 's Brent Swails and David McKenzie traveled to an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone MSF workers there say they need more experts in the community tracing the disease Their center is based in a district with a population of 500,000 , and they have just 80 beds
CNN  -- Thailand is no stranger to civil unrest -- just four years ago the same emergency laws brought in this week were used to end political protests that left scores dead and thousands injured . While this year 's state of emergency may not differ in substance , it is being projected by the government of Yingluck Shinawatra as different in style . The 60-day clampdown gives the government the power to implement curfews , censor the news media , disperse gatherings and use military force to "  secure order . " Analysts say in this respect it is no different to the law that Suthep Thaugsuban -- a former deputy prime minister who is now leading anti-government protests -- used in 2010 to bring a violent end to months of protests in the capital Bangkok . But this time , the government says it has no plans to crack down on the protesters that have disrupted the capital Bangkok for weeks . Labor Minister Chalerm Yoobamrung , who will oversee the joint operation between the military and the police , told a press conference this week the government would not use weapons and would not attempt to disperse protesters at night . In 2010 , the military 's attempt to clear protester encampments at night was widely held to have been responsible for the high death toll of around 80 people . The use of the police as a stabilizing force in the deadlock has been widely seen as an attempt by the government to inject a civilian element into the state of emergency . In recent weeks , the government has been praised by foreign governments , including the United States , for its restraint in handling the protests . Despite this , human rights groups fear the state of emergency could boil over if protesters -- who aim to disrupt elections scheduled for February 2 and want to institute an unelected "  people 's council " to run the country ahead of a political overhaul -- ratchet up the pressure . "  This is the same piece of legislation with the same powers , " Phil Robertson of Human Rights Watch told CNN . "  Her  Yingluck Shinawatra  powers are not limited by this . " "  While she says she will not use these powers immediately , it will very much depend on the situation , " he said . "  If she felt that the protesters were instigating violence to stop the elections , she might use some of these powers . "  Our view is that we 're concerned that this  the state of emergency  will be viewed as an escalation by the protesters , but on the other hand governments do have a responsibility to maintain some sense of law and order . "  As long as they do this in a rights-friendly way , I do n't think people will complain about it . Everything will swing on what happens next . " While Thailand has said it remains open for business despite the state of emergency , the US State Department issued a travel alert for Thailand this week , warning U.S. citizens of the "  unpredictable and ongoing demonstration activity " ahead of the elections . According to the Tourism Authority of Thailand , a total of 34 countries and regions have issued travel warnings for Thailand , including China , France , Australia and Japan . The protests have already rattled the nerves of some of Thailand 's biggest investors . On Monday , the president of Toyota 's Thailand unit Kyoichi Tanada told a press conference the company may reconsider up to 20 billion baht  $ 609 million  in investment -- and could even cut production -- if political unrest continues . "  For new foreign investors , the political situation may force them to look for opportunity elsewhere . For those that have already invested , like Toyota , we will not go away . But whether we will invest  further  or not , we are not sure . " Thailand is the biggest auto market in Southeast Asia and is a production and export hub for car manufacturers such as Honda Motor Company and Ford . Despite political instability , Thailand has shown formidable economic growth over the past decade and is still attracting foreign investment from small to medium-sized enterprises . In 2010 , the medium-sized design company Design World Partnership decided to remain in Bangkok despite having its office windows shot out during the crackdown . "  We have to take the long view . If you look at the view over the past five to ten years the growth in Thailand has been phenomenal , " Brenton Mauriello , DWP Chief Executive Officer , told CNN . "  Of course it would be better if it was n't there and in the short-term our business has been affected but it 's not catastrophic , " he said . "  You do n't come to a country like Thailand and invest over a three or four-month period -- it 's a long-term commitment . " He said that his company was expecting the situation to resolve itself and that by April or May it would be business as usual . "  We are now starting to invest back into Australia , " said Mauriello , whose company began in Australia , established itself in Thailand in 1994 and and now has nine offices and 450 staff worldwide . "  I think that shows that if we can do it , anyone can . "	Thailand has a long history of civil unrest , with dozens of governments since 1946 The state of emergency invokes the same powers that were used in the bloody crackdown of 2010 The 60-day clampdown gives the government wide-ranging powers to maintain public order Large investors such as Toyota have said continuing unrest could damage the Thai economy
CNN  -- The winner of Australia 's election , Tony Abbott , on Saturday pledged to form a competent and trustworthy government after he defeated Prime Minister Kevin Rudd . "  I can inform you that the government of Australia has changed , " the conservative challenger told supporters . "  For just the seventh time in 60 years the government of Australia has changed . "  I now look forward to forming a government that is competent , that is trustworthy , and which purposely and steadfastly and methodically sets about delivering on our commitments to you , the Australian people . " READ MORE : Tony Abbott : Australia 's next leader Although final results had yet to come in , Rudd said he had telephoned Abbott to concede defeat . "  As prime minister of Australia , I wish him well in the high office of prime minister of this country , " he said at a party meeting in Brisbane . Rudd was conciliatory in his speech and accepted his share of blame . "  Tonight is the time to unite in the great Australian nation , " he said . "  Because whatever our politics may be , we are all first and foremost Australian . " "  I know that Labor hearts are heavy across the nation tonight . And as your prime minister and as your parliamentary leader of the great Australian Labor party , I accept responsibility . I gave it my all , but it was not enough for us to win . I 'm proud that despite all the profits of doom , that we have preserved our federal parliamentary labor party as a viable fighting force for the future . " According to the Australian Election Commission , Abbott 's Liberal-National Coalition won 86 seats in the House of Representatives , against Labor 's 57 . Any group that wins 76 seats or more can form a simple majority . The Coalition win ends six years of Labor Party rule under Rudd and Julia Gillard who deposed each other in successive leadership challenges . READ MORE : Best Australian election gaffes Before the vote , commentators said the Australian electorate had tired of the apparent disunity within the Labor Party , and were looking for change . "  Rudd 's had his turn , " one voter told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  on polling day . Rudd 's return fails Back in June , Rudd 's Labor colleagues had hoped he 'd bring the same magic to the polls demonstrated in 2007 when he defeated the former Liberal leader John Howard . However , the early lift Rudd brought to the election race quickly faded , and in the final days of the campaign the Labor leader was vowing he 'd fight to the end . Rudd kept a low profile on election day , prompting speculation about when he would turn up to vote . When he finally arrived at a polling station in Brisbane , hecklers shouted slogans slamming the government 's plan to send asylum seekers for offshore processing . "  Hey Kevin we 're talking to you , not PNG , not Nauru , " they shouted . OPINION : Australian parties in ` race to bottom ' on asylum seekers What about Syria ? The focus of this election was very much on domestic issues , including the economy , education and broadband Internet services . The international quandary over the scale of any military response to the use of chemical weapons in Syria seems to have been set aside , for now . Abbott has indicated that , as Australian prime minister , he 'd take a cautious approach to any involvement in foreign conflicts . "  I just think we need to be very careful in a situation like this cause we can easily make a bad situation worse by acting precipitously , " Abbott told the ABC . "  I do n't think we should be getting above ourselves here . We are a significant middle power but no more , " he added . It 's the economy ... In the final days of the campaign , Rudd tried to win over voters with the promise of more jobs , painting Abbott 's planned budget cuts as a sure way to send the economy into recession . In a bid to emphasize his government 's economic credentials , Rudd seized upon the latest GDP figures released earlier this week showing an annual growth rate of 2.6 % . "  As of this year , since we came to office in 2007 , the Australian economy is 15 % bigger than it was , " Rudd said . "  I draw to your attention the fact that the British economy has shrunk 3 % over that time . " Under Abbott , the government would find billions of dollars in budget cuts , including slashing $ 4.5 billion  US$ 4.1 billion  from foreign aid over the next six years . Money saved would be spent on infrastructure projects including motorway upgrades , in a decision slammed by aid groups . "  We are a strong OECD country , yet we are fast becoming the least generous when it comes to reducing global poverty , " said Norman Gillespie , the CEO of UNICEF Australia . Paired with Abbott 's budget cuts is a generous maternity plan pitched to female voters despite opposition from big business and from within his own party . Mothers would be given up to $ 75,000  US$ 68,490  for six months ' maternity leave at a total cost of $ 5.5 billion  US$ 5.01 billion  each year . Other key issues , alternatives Aside from business , the two main candidates were separated by their views on same-sex marriage . Rudd is firmly for it , Abbott , a former Catholic seminarian , insists that marriage should be between a man and a woman . However they were much closer on the issue of asylum seekers . Both main parties advocate sending people who arrive by boat to offshore processing centers where most , if not all , would be potentially resettled if found to be refugees . READ MORE : Australian parties in ` race to bottom ' on asylum Other winners , losers WikiLeaks founder and the leader of the WikiLeaks Party , Julian Assange , failed in his long distance bid for a seat in the Australian Senate . Assange , who co-ordinated his campaign from the Ecuadorean Embassy in London where he 's been holed-up for fear of arrest and extradition , said under the circumstances he was happy with the outcome . "  I think it 's a great result . The party was registered in July -- three months ago . It 's had its leader and primary candidate stuck in an overseas embassy for 400 days in a foreign country , nine hours time difference and with an international banking blockade against it , " Assange told the ABC . He said the WikiLeaks Party , which earned about 1 % of the votes in the state of Victoria , would survive to contest the next election . Meanwhile , reports suggested another outspoken leader of his own party , Clive Palmer , was on track to win a Senate seat . The mining billionaire , perhaps best known outside Australia for his plans to build a replica of the Titanic , founded his Palmer United Party just four months ago . On Sunday , he claimed that preferences from his party helped secure Abbott 's win . Other parties vying for votes included the No Carbon Tax Climate Sceptics Party , the Voluntary Euthanasia Party , the Sex Party , the Australian Fishing and Lifestyle Party and the Australian Motoring Enthusiast Party . None of them recorded a strong showing .	Tony Abbott pledges competent and trustworthy government Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd concedes election defeat Win ends Labor 's six years in power under Kevin Rudd and Julia Gillard Voting is compulsory in Australia , fines issued for people over 18 who fail to do so
Big , bright and bubbly -- comedian Ross Mathews never apologizes for who he is . Between duties as a "  Tonight Show " correspondent and guest appearances on E! 's late-night talk show "  Chelsea Lately , " the 33-year-old covers a lot of ground in the 200-plus pages of his new memoir "  Man Up ! " He shares with readers the story of how he came out to his parents and why overcoming personal insecurities , like his high-pitched voice , were key to his success . Ahead of his memoir 's May 7 release , Mathews sat down with CNN to share a few juicy details and explain why he 's not leaving anything out . CNN : In your book , you say you always knew you 'd write a memoir . You 've been in the business for a little over a decade , so why did you decide to do it now ? Mathews : As I was working in Hollywood and sort of amassing these stories I thought , ` Remember all of this . Write it down . ' It just felt like the right time . Especially with Chelsea 's  Handler  success in the literary world , when she heard I wanted to write a book she said ' I want to publish this . ' It just felt like the perfect time . CNN : You divulge more than a few secrets in the book . Was there anything that you held back or something you thought twice about before printing ? Mathews : Well , you know this book is about me , and the world through my eyes . If I did n't tell every story -- the ones where I was a hero and the ones where I was n't a hero -- then there was no point in telling it . The only time I ever held back is when it was about someone else . I did n't want to throw anybody else under the bus , but I definitely bear everything out about me . I mean there 's nothing off limits in the book . I mean , I tell every sordid detail of my life -- the pretty and the not-so-pretty . CNN : You said that you got your start , in part , because of an attribute you were once ashamed of , your voice . How has that shaped who you are today ? Mathews :  Laughs  OK , listen , at a certain point I just had to realize puberty d * cked me over . So I just said , ` Use it ! Shake your moneymaker . ' My brother used to make fun of me , people in school used to make fun of me and I just realized one day that this is the card you 've been dealt , use it to your advantage . And when I did that , everything changed for me . CNN : A lot of kids and , let 's face it , adults struggle with their insecurities . At what point in your life , did you decide you were going to let go ? Mathews : I do n't know if I can mark the day . I remember feeling it happening , though . It was when I found really great friends in school . Suddenly , I had those moments where I forgot to be insecure . Sometimes I 'd catch myself and be like ` God , I wish I could be like this all the time . ' So I just eventually began challenging myself to feel that way . And not to be too preachy , but I would really recommend to people , if you get the chance , to trust yourselves to leap without a net , because that will build the confidence . You know , you might shock yourself with how much you do n't need a net because you can catch yourself . CNN : You decided to make the very last chapter of the book about the day you realized you were gay . Was there a reason behind that ? Mathews : That was very much on purpose . Again , I define ` man up ' as you are what you are . Love yourself , whatever makes you different , and use it to make you stand out . Mine is my voice and the fact that I 'm gay , well , the fact that I 'm flamboyantly gay . But I did n't want the book to only be about that . I am a gay man , but it 's not only a gay story . Whatever people have to ` man up ' about , that 's their own version . It can be big ears , skin color , freckles , acne , whatever it is , mine is what it was . It 's a universal message . You know , everybody , everybody has that thing that makes them question their worth , their importance , and , you know , this book speaks to that in each of us . CNN : What 's the one thing you hope readers take away from your book ? Mathews : The most important thing to take away , if you step back , is that all these stories -- celebrity stories , stories about being caught stealing clothes from a women 's store in the mall -- every one of these stories has a common thread which is : I never compromised who I was . And when I did , I made sure I never did it again . People should never apologize for who they are and they should never hide who they are . Hating yourself is so 2011 . CNN : If you could interview anyone now , who would it be ? Mathews : I would like to sit down with Oprah , just because I 'd like to talk to her . I want to sit down and like , converse . Like , ` Honey , let 's chat ! ' Actually , just put that in the story . I 'm asking if anybody reading this has Oprah 's e-mail or number , just call her or text her about the book ! Do Uncle Ross a solid . CNN : You started one of the last chapters by saying that one person can change the world . Do you really believe that ? And if so , what 's the one thing you would change ? Mathews : Listen , I know it 's true because I 've lived it , and I 've done it , OK ? I brought butternut squash back . There was a restaurant , they took an item off , I fought , they brought it back , and they named it after me , OK ? And I 'm just one person . And of course it 's silly to say that it 's changing the world , but it 's just an example . It 's the little things you do to say , ` No I 'm not going to stand for that ! I 'm not going to stand for it ! ' Those little things add up . CNN : Is there any other societal issue that weighs heavily on your mind ? Mathews : Yes . I think if I record a program , we have got to have the technology where I could record something on my DVR and like , e-mail it to a friend . I know this is lame , but why have n't they invented that yet ?!?!	Ross Mathews doubles as "  Tonight Show " correspondent and "  Chelsea Lately " guest His memoir "  Man Up ! " is due out on May 7 Mathews : "  This book is about me , and the world through my eyes "
CNN  -- Whether you are shooting with a DSLR or a smartphone , one goal all photographers strive for is photographing a scene that quickly gets to the heart of the story without explanation or embellishment . So how do you do that ? Well , the answer does n't always lie with a fancy camera . Excellent visual communication is primarily driven by your unique visual sense , the time spent shooting and a deep connection to the story . In essence , you must do more than take pictures . You must make them . Images that transcend snapshots require extra effort . Once you 've gone through the above gallery and learned how to compose your images , you may find the following tips helpful to take your photojournalism skills to the next level . Personal projects When I meet someone trying to break into photojournalism , I try to get a grasp of their motivation and inspiration . One of the best ways to do this is to have them show me personal pictures , frames they made that were not for an immediate assignment . It is important to photograph things you care about , even if they may be insignificant to others . What matters is that you get invested in a subject and continue to photograph it over time . This is considered a personal project . Almost every story I have done for CNN was a subject I was interested in and pitched to the editors . For starters , I recommend choosing something simple . I have seen terrific projects that people have done on their relatives or friends , or on the places they live or hobbies they enjoy . You should photograph every aspect of your project . Get the details and get the wide shots that show the entire scene . By dedicating yourself to a project , you 'll become more in tune with the way your camera works . You 'll also begin to understand how to tell a story and how to make informative pictures . A personal project will not only improve your photography skills , it will also prepare you to capture breaking news when it unfolds . One lens It is no secret that most photographers love gear , but it is easy to get bogged down worrying that you do n't have the right gear for the job , or maybe you feel like you could do a better job if you just had that one other thing . I disagree with this premise . Photojournalism is about the subject , not about the camera . Whatever you shoot with , if you find the moment or composition that tells the story , then you 've done well . Many of the greatest photojournalists have worked with very minimal gear . I personally shoot the majority of my work with one lens , roughly a 35mm . It is great for getting close to the subject and allowing me to show bits of the environment they are in . If you focus on mastering whatever equipment you have at your disposal , then you 'll be better prepared for whatever news situation you encounter . Spend time learning all of the options that you can get from a specific lens , and then you 'll find you are able to think less about the equipment and more about subject . Start by figuring out how close you can focus with your favorite lens , then practice shooting tight . Take a few steps back to shoot a wider environmental portrait . Finally , get as far back as you can to show the scene and try different angles on your subject . You 'll find each lens is extremely versatile and you 're only limited by how you can navigate the scene . After you get comfortable with composition , you need to learn how your aperture  and exposure  can help you tell the story . Shooting wide open , using aperture f2 .8 on most lenses , gives you a shallow depth of field that emphasizes the part of the images you are focused on . A good example might be focusing on a single person , isolating him from a crowd . Stopping down , using a smaller aperture like f11 , or f16 , will give you a maximum depth of field , which can help to show a wider scene like devastation from a tornado . Smartphone photography One essential part of being a photojournalist is having access to a camera that shoots large enough files to be useful . For many professionals , this means a few heavy , expensive DSLRs with an array of lenses and other equipment . But for many , this type of photo equipment is out of reach , so point-and-shoot cameras or camera phones are a viable alternative . For small cameras , the same principles of good photography apply . Thoughtful composition , proper exposure and excellent storytelling will help your images get noticed . The smaller cameras do have a few challenges that need to be addressed . Read the manual . Because many of these cameras shoot only in an automatic metering mode , it is more critical that you know how the camera function works . Beware of camera shake . Camera phones are small and lightweight , which makes them easy to carry and unobtrusive to use in chaotic situations , but this also makes them more difficult to hold steady . Consider purchasing a small , flexible tripod , and use it when the light levels are lower . Also , hold and release the "  shutter " button , rather than tap it . This will reduce the amount of camera shake . Shoot in bright light with the sun to your back . This will solve many of the technical limitations of a camera phone . Clean your lens . Your pocket is not really the cleanest place to keep your camera . Do n't use the digital zoom . The digital zoom crops the images , reducing the file size and the overall quality of the image . Set your resolution as high as possible . You can always reduce the file size later . Shoot lots , and edit out the poor images . The more you shoot , the more choice you have when editing . Go easy of the photo editing apps . Tools such as Hipstamatic and Instagram are fun to play with and can lend a certain personalization to your images , but they can harm or destroy the journalistic integrity of your images . As a rule , image alteration should not change the content of the image . Technical alterations , such as color correction or contrast change , are acceptable as long as they do not change the content of the photograph . For more tips on capturing video , check out last year 's Boot Camp video interview with CNN photojournalists Mark Hill and Matt Rond . Then show us your video skills in this week 's Boot Camp challenge on capturing images . Submissions are due Tuesday , September 6 , at noon ET . Until then , if you have any questions , feel free to ask in the comments section , or join us for a round-table discussion of this iReport Boot Camp topic on Thursday , September 8 . CNN 's John Nowak , David Holloway and Mark Hill contributed to this report .	CNN 's iReport Boot Camp challenges iReporters to improve storytelling chops CNN photojournalists share their tips on capturing images Show us your photography skills by noon ET on September 6
CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy in Yemen , which was closed over the weekend because of security concerns , reopened Tuesday , a day after Yemeni forces conducted successful security operations . A statement posted on the embassy 's Web site said "  successful counter-terrorism operations " conducted by Yemeni security forces on Monday , north of the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , addressed "  a specific area of concern and have contributed to the Embassy 's decision to resume operations . " Yemen 's state-run news agency , SABA , reported Monday that two al Qaeda suspects were killed and two others were injured in clashes with a Yemeni anti-terrorism unit However , Mohamed Ahmed al-Haniq , the al Qaeda unit 's leader , and an unknown number of his "  companions " were able to escape during the clashes , SABA reported , citing Yemen 's Interior Ministry . The U.S. Embassy said the threat of terrorist attacks against American interests in Yemen "  remains high , " and it urged American citizens in the country "  to be vigilant and take prudent security measures . " Yemen fertile ground for terror groups A senior State Department official , who did not want to speak on the record because of the sensitive nature of the information , said Yemeni authorities have helped the United States with additional security precautions at the embassy site . The United States ' decision to close its embassy came after intelligence suggested that four al Qaeda operatives were planning an attack on the compound , a senior administration official said Monday . The official said the United States had information that a group of eight terrorists had been planning an attack . Yemeni forces killed three in recent days and another was captured wearing a suicide vest , but the other four were believed to be at large , the official said . It was not immediately clear if the same al Qaeda members in Monday 's clashes were among the group of eight suspected terrorists . U.S. lawmakers have highlighted what they say are the threats posed by terrorists in Yemen . "  As we commit ourselves to the fight in Afghanistan , some of the what I 'll call the enemy forces , the extremist forces , move to new bases of operation such as Yemen , from which they strike us , " said Sen. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , at a news conference with Sen. John McCain in Iraq Tuesday . "  I 've been quoting something that was said to us by an American working in Yemen when Sen. McCain and I visited in August , which was perhaps a bit overstated but it makes a point . He said to me : ` Iraq was yesterday 's war . Afghanistan is today 's war . And if we do not act preemptively now , Yemen will be tomorrow 's war . ' " McCain noted that on the visit he had a "  very strong impression " about the nation 's difficulties , particularly the presence of al Qaeda . "  The government of Yemen is going to need our help in combatting al Qaeda , " McCain , R-Arizona , said . "  There needs to be significant effort made in improving their economy , and we can not allow Yemen to be a base for al Qaeda to mount attacks on other countries in the region as well as the U.S. " On Monday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the situation in Yemen a possible threat to regional and global security , but commended Yemen for taking action against al Qaeda networks . The United States and Britain closed their embassies Sunday . Britain 's Foreign Office also cited security concerns and its embassy remained closed Tuesday . "  The British Embassy in Yemen will remain closed to the public today , " a statement from the embassy said . "  Some embassy personnel will be in and whoever needs to contact the embassy can do it via the phone or e-mail but people wo n't be able to walk into the embassy . " Several other nations also made changes at their Yemen-based embassies Monday , including Japan , France , Spain and Germany . Each cited the need for increased security measures . France closed its embassy to the public , although French Foreign Ministry spokesman Bernard Valero said Tuesday that embassy employees will continue their work . Valero said the embassy will reopen once work to secure the site , already in progress before the latest threat , is finished . Spain also restricted public access to its embassy , the Spanish Foreign Ministry said , adding that the embassy continued to function "  normally . " Japan halted service at the consulate section of its embassy . The Japanese Foreign Ministry said the decision was based on the threat of terror , not a specific threat . Germany said that while its embassy remained fully operational , security measures were increased . The German Foreign Ministry said fewer visitors were allowed into the embassy compound . The wave of concerns follow last month 's alleged attempted terrorist attack by a Nigerian man who boarded a flight in Amsterdam , Netherlands , and allegedly tried to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear as the flight approached Detroit , Michigan . The attempt failed , and other passengers and crew grabbed the suspect . The Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility for the Christmas Day plot . U.S. President Barack Obama has also linked the suspect , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , to the group , which is a combination of al Qaeda networks in Saudi Arabia and Yemen . The AQAP group in Yemen has said that the attempted attack on the airliner was in retaliation for airstrikes against it on December 17 and 24 . However , Yemen has said that AbdulMutallab purchased his ticket on December 16 . The U.S. Embassy in Yemen has come under attack numerous times in recent years . In September 2008 , 10 people were killed -- among them police and civilians , but no embassy employees -- when insurgents opened fire and set off explosions outside the compound .	U.S. Embassy in Yemen reopens after being closed due to threats by al Qaeda U.S. Secretary of State calls Yemen situation a possible threat to regional , global security Great Britain closed its embassy in Yemen France , Spain , Japan and Germany made changes to enhance embassy security
CNN  -- With flights to Paris topping $ 1,000 these days , travel to France can be très cher . But you need n't cross the pond for that Gallic je ne sais quoi . Here are five enclaves in North America where French culture thrives : Montreal , Quebec Settled by French fur traders and later captured by the British , Montreal grew into a bilingual city with dual identities . And while myriad other tonguesare spoken thanks to a thriving immigrant population , it remains the second-largest Francophone city in the world after Paris . You 'll hear bonjours and ca vas in every borough , but the most solidly French neighborhoods are east of Boulevard St.-Laurent -- the de facto border that separates it from the largely English-speaking west side . Linger over an espresso at one of the terrasses  patios  that line Rue St. Denis in the Latin Quarter . Then head to the vaunted L'Express , a classic Parisian bistro in Plateau Mont-Royal , where everything from the zinc bar to the tight quarters to the duck confit will spark flashbacks of Montmartre . Go for : The FrancoFolies is a festival celebrating Francophone music with some 250 live acts . June 14-22 . Quebec City , Quebec Founded by French explorer Samuel de Champlain more than 400 years ago , Quebec City , like Montreal , fell to the British crown a century and a half later . Its Gallic culture , however , remained firmly intact . Today , nearly 95 % of the residents are native French speakers . The city 's gabled roofs , winding streets and ramparts conjure an Old World feel . Vieux-Quebec  Old Town  is the only fortified city in North America north of Mexico . Get the full scoop on Quebec 's French heritage at the Musée de la Civilization , where a new exhibition tells the story of Francophones who pulled up stakes to settle in North America with interactive features such as a hallway meant to evoke a departure dock . Around the corner , the cozy Café Le St. Malo , with its exposed brick walls and roaring hearth fire , serves up the kind of rustic fare you find in the French countryside , such as cassoulet  a one-pot dish of white beans and meat such as pork sausage and duck confit  and boudin noir  blood sausage  . Go for : Quebecois celebrate the arrival of their ancestors in Canada at the Nouvelle France festival . August 7-11 . New Orleans , Louisiana Claimed by France as part of the Louisiana Territory in 1682 , La Nouvelle-Orléans rose from a swamp on the bend of the Mississippi River to become a strategic port city . Named for the Regent of France , Philippe , Duc d'Orleans , the original town developed around what is now known as Jackson Square . After the Louisiana Purchase in 1803 , a mix of nationalities flooded the city , creating the unique French/Creole-infused melting pot that is the Big Easy today . Nonetheless , remnants of its French heritage are evident throughout . For one , snacking on beignets and café au lait at the venerable Café du Monde in the French Quarter is as de rigueur for tourists as taking home Mardi Gras beads . History buffs who ca n't make it to the Louvre to see one of Napoleon Bonaparte 's famous marble bathtubs -- he supposedly signed the Louisiana Purchase while in the tub -- can book Suite 730 at the 100-year-old Le Pavillon Hotel , near the French Quarter , to take a plunge in one said to have been owned by Napoleon  there are three total  . A short walk away on Esplanade Avenue , the Degas House , a bed and breakfast and former home of artist Edgar Degas , hosts "  Bottles and Brushes " evenings , where amateur artists can drink wine , paint and soak up the atmosphere in the studio of the French Impressionist master . Go for : In a nod to New Orleans ' Gallic roots , French statesman Charles de Gaulle gave the city a Joan of Arc statue , an exact replica of one that stands in Orleans , which today presides over the French Market and is feted annually with a parade . January 6 . Saint-Pierre and Miquelon , French territory A remnant of France 's exploits in Canada , these rocky islands some 15 miles off the coast of Newfoundland were deeded to the republic in 1816 under the second Treaty of Paris after a century-long tussle with England . Settlers eager to work in the islands ' rich cod fishery came from Acadie , Brittany and Normandy in France and the Basque country , which includes parts of Spain and France . Another boom came during Prohibition , when smuggling spirits to the U.S. made some islanders rich . Today , the archipelago -- a "  territorial collectivity " of France -- retains much of the character of its mother country . Most merchants close up shop at midday to lunch with their families at home . The baguettes and croissants are the real deal . The euro is the currency of the land , though many businesses accept Canadian and U.S. dollars . You 'll find the most action on the tiniest and most populated island , Saint-Pierre . With its colorful clapboard houses , narrow streets , classic cafes and Peugeots zipping around , it 's Greenland-meets-Normandy . Join the locals as they break for la collation , a light meal , in the late afternoon ; duck into Délices de Joséphine on Rue General LeClerc for a spot of Mariage Frères tea and a Paris-worthy pastry . Go for : Bastille Day , the anniversary of the storming of the infamous prison in Paris in 1789 , is celebrated at Place du Général de Gaulle in St. Pierre . July 14 . Cajun Country , Louisiana Expelled by the British from what are now the Canadian Maritime provinces and northern Maine during the French and Indian War  1754-1763  , many Acadians settled in south Louisiana , spawning a rich culture and their own dialect , Cajun French , that is still very much alive today . In some pockets , such as the small town of Arnaudville , French rules -- on street signs , in radio broadcasts , political ads and even as the sole language of some residents . At the Vermilionville Living History Museum and Folklife Park in Lafayette Parish , a replica of an Acadian village depicts life circa 1765-1890 . For a modern taste of Cajun life , landmark Lafayette restaurants Randol 's and Prejean 's host live Cajun music and specialize in local favorites such as crawfish étouffée . Go for : Unlike the glittery spectacle in New Orleans , Mardi Gras in Cajun Country has changed little since its early days . Revelers on horseback dress up in costumes made from flour sacks or burlap , and ride from house to house collecting ingredients -- including live chickens -- for a communal pot of gumbo . February 12 .	Montreal is the second-largest city of French-speaking natives in the world after Paris The rocky islands of Saint-Pierre and Miquelon off the coast of Canada are still part of France French is the first language of some residents of Cajun country in Louisiana
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea proposed high-level talks with the United States to "  ease tensions in the Korean Peninsula , " its state news agency reported early Sunday . The topics that "  can be sincerely discussed " include easing military tensions , changing a truce treaty to a peace treaty and nuclear matters , according to a statement from the North 's National Defense Commission , as reported by the state-run Korean Central News Agency . It left some details -- like where and when the talks might be held -- up to Washington , and insisted U.S. officials should not lay out any preconditions for talks . "  The United States should  not lose the opportunity that is laid out and should actively agree with our resolute step and good intention , " the commission said . For years , North Korea has been at odds with many in the international community , including the United States , over its missile and nuclear programs . Whether Pyongyang 's offer is accepted -- and if so , on what terms -- and whether the talks happen remains to be seen . Last Tuesday , North Korea called off what were supposed to be the first high-level talks between North and South Korean officials in years . That meeting was supposed to start the next day . High-level talks between Koreas called off South Korea 's unification ministry said the North dropped out after a dispute about who should be involved in the talks , after both sides contended that the other was n't sending a sufficiently high-level official to the delegation The talks were to focus on , among other things , reviving joint economic activities . Amid a spike in tensions , the North in April halted activity at the Kaesong Industrial Zone , a shared industrial complex and major symbol of cooperation between the two countries . North Korea removes missiles from launch site , U.S. official says It was not immediately clear what might be on the agenda if U.S. and North Korean officials meet . Washington has been at the forefront of those demanding an end to its nuclear program , pushing for sanctions and rallying other nations to their side . Tensions in and around the Korean Peninsula surged in December -- one year after Kim Jong-un assumed power after his father 's death -- when North Korea launched a long-range rocket then conducted an underground nuclear test two months later . Adm. Samuel J. Locklear , the top U.S. commander in the Pacific , said in April that North Korea 's missile and weapons programs posed "  a clear and direct threat to U.S. national security and regional peace and stability . " Why North Korean intelligence is so hard to read That same month , North Korea set out demanding conditions for talks . They included calling for the withdrawal of U.N. sanctions against it and a permanent end to joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises . The United States and South Korea "  should immediately stop all their provocative acts against the DPRK and apologize for all of them , " the North 's National Defense Commission said in a statement carried by state-run media , using the shortened version of North Korea 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . But those talks never came to be , with South Korean foreign ministry spokesman Cho Tai-young describing the North 's demands as "  preposterous . " The United States has said that , in order for it to engage in talks , North Korea would have to show a serious commitment to moving away from its nuclear program . If it happens , this will be the second senior-level talks between the U.S. and North since Kim Jong Un took power . The first talks were in February 2012 , when North Korea 's first vice minister , Kim Kye Gwan , held talks in Beijing with Glyn Davies , the U.S. envoy for North Korea policy . At the time , , North Korea agreed to stop nuclear activity at its main facility in Yongbyon and impose a moratorium on nuclear tests and long-range missile launch in exchange for 240,000 tons of food assistance . However , the agreement fell apart after a U.N. sanction in response to North Korea 's failed long-range rocket launch in April 2012 .	NEW : U.S. should not lay out conditions , "  not lose the opportunity , " state news says A North Korean government group makes its offer to the U.S. to "  ease tensions " The U.S. has spearheaded efforts targeting North Korea 's nuclear program The North abruptly called off talks days ago with South Korea
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- It all started with an acoustic guitar and a MySpace page . John Vesely , better known as Secondhand Serenade , began as a one-man acoustic act . Making a name for himself with his honest tales of love and loss , Vesely utilized the then-budding social networking empire to make his music known . Vesely 's songs are an emotional roller coaster that propelled the singer through his self-produced acoustic debut "  Awake " to his 2008 sophomore release "  A Twist in My Story , " which included a full band and production team . His third studio album , "  Hear Me Now , " hits stores Tuesday and will include a more upbeat , electronic feel . Returning to his roots , Vesely self-produced and recorded three new tracks for this latest album in his bedroom with his drummer Tom Breyfogle . Vesely 's West Hollywood location is more than just a home . Vesely 's band mates use it as a crash pad , the singer 's bedroom doubles as a recording studio and his garage/laundry room was converted into the band 's rehearsal space . Vesely talked with CNN from his bedroom studio about the production of his new album , the evolution of his music and maintaining his personal relationship with his fans through Twitter and Facebook . CNN : When did you begin writing material for your third album ? Vesely : This writing process actually started a lot earlier than you would think . One of the songs on the album was one of the first songs I 've ever written . There were a few songs -- like , for instance , a song called Nightmares , on the album ... was a song that I had written for "  Awake , " which was years ago , like four years ago I think . And there 's a song called "  Only Hope in South by Southwest , " when I went right after I signed with the label , so it was well before I recorded "  Twist in My Story . " And some of the songs I wrote literally in the studio . ... I mean , as far as "  Something More " and "  You and I " and all those songs , like literally , "  You and I " I wrote in February and recorded in February . That was like one of the last things we did . CNN : Your second album had a bit of a darker tone , but you 've said your new album is more upbeat and reflective . Did that just come about with the writing of it ? Vesely : The new album 's upbeat feel definitely came along with the writing of it . All the albums have kind of spread out and become a different chapter of my personal story . ... This album is more about me personally rather than telling stories about a relationship . A lot of it is self-reflection and , you know , owning up to the fact that I was n't a great person at some points and I 'm not proud of some things I 've done or some ways I 've acted , and it 's hard when you make mistakes and kind of brush them under the carpet , and leave them for later , and I finally wanted to deal with that in this album . It was a lot about telling people what 's happened and being able to free yourself after that . Once you get that out , you can move on and be happy . I 'm in a really happy place right now because I 'm so focused on music , surrounded by great people and really talented musicians , and I 'm kind of given a second chance now , and I want to really take that and cherish it . CNN : When you first started working with music producers on your second album , did you find you liked that better ? And why did you choose to self-produce some tracks on your new album ? Vesely : I definitely have always liked to do things by myself , just because I like to be a part of it . The more I do , the more it 's my music , personally . Of course , working with a producer is a necessary thing when you 're making music , because they 're trying to put your creative thoughts together , and make it as effective as possible in a song form . ... Being able to do the three tracks on this new album on my own with my drummer Tom -LSB- Breyfogle -RSB- was a great experience because it was the first time that I 'd gotten to produce something except my first album "  Awake , " but that was pretty much just acoustic guitar and vocals , so there 's not much production going on , so to speak . CNN : "  Awake " was just you and your acoustic guitar . Now you 've added a full band and more production . How have your fans reacted to more production and a bigger sound ? Vesely : "  Something More , " it 's the new single , it 's been out on iTunes for little bit now , and we 've gotten a lot of really , really good feedback . And it makes me happy to see -- going from an acoustic background to this more electronic , rhythmic feel -- they still find the beauty and the honesty in the music , and they can appreciate it , and that 's really important . But there 's always people that are n't into it . For instance , some people will -LSB- give it a bad review -RSB- and say , "  What 's going on , what is this ? " Then they 'll continue , "  It 's not a bad song , but it 's totally not Secondhand Serenade . " So it 's not necessarily a bad review they 're giving , it 's just that they ca n't get past the fact that I 'm evolving as an artist and I 'm trying to break out creatively . And that 's OK ; you ca n't please everyone because if I 'd still be playing acoustic right now , everyone would be like , "  OK , we get it , you 're acoustic , what now ? " I think the evolution 's necessary , and it 's natural , and I hope people can appreciate it . CNN : You 've responded to feedback and sometimes criticism from your fans that you 've received online . Why do you think it 's important to address that ? Vesely : I 'm very , very personal with my fans . I Twitter like crazy and I Facebook like crazy , and I respond to them all the time , and it 's something that 's been important to me since the beginning cause that 's pretty much how I got started . They 're like part of my army , they work with me , and I ca n't do any of this without them . I feel it 's important , rather than ignore them and be like , "  Whatever , I 'm still selling the album and still selling the song , and one person 's opinion does n't matter . " You know one person 's opinion , two people 's opinions , or five people 's opinions , even if it 's among thousands or hundreds of thousands of opinions , it still matters .	John Vesely , better known as Secondhand Serenade , started as a one-man acoustic act He self-produced and recorded three new tracks for this latest album in his bedroom Vesely says he maintains his connection with fans via social networking
CNN  -- An official with the Vatican criticized the decision to award the Nobel prize for medicine to British doctor Robert G. Edwards for his work on in vitro fertilization , Italy 's official news agency ANSA reported Tuesday . Ignazio Carrasco de Paula , president of the Pontifical Academy for Life , said giving the award to Edwards was "  completely inappropriate , " according to the news agency . He said Edwards ' work had created a market for human eggs and created problems of embryos being frozen , the news agency said . Edwards , known as the "  father of the test tube baby , " won the Nobel Prize for medicine on Monday . His contributions to developing in vitro fertilization  IVF  "  represent a milestone in the development of modern medicine , " the award committee said . "  As early as the 1950s , Edwards had the vision that IVF could be useful as a treatment for infertility , " which affects about 10 percent of all couples worldwide , the committee said . "  He worked systematically to realize his goal , discovered important principles for human fertilization , and succeeded in accomplishing fertilization of human egg cells in test tubes  or more precisely , cell culture dishes  . His efforts were finally crowned by success on 25 July , 1978 , when the world 's first ` test tube baby ' was born , " the committee said . His work has led to the birth of about four million babies , the committee said in praising his work . The prize is worth 10 million Swedish kronor  about $ 1.5 million  . Born in Manchester , England , in 1925 , Edwards is based at Cambridge University in England . The announcement marked the beginning of a week of prizes , to be awarded for physics , chemistry , literature and peace . The prize in economics will be announced next Monday . CNN Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : A Vatican official criticizes the choice of award recipient Robert G. Edwards , who pioneered in vitro fertilization , wins the prize The announcement kicks off a week of Nobel Prize awards in Sweden His contributions represent a "  milestone , " the committee says
CNN  -- In his weekly address , President Obama said that the Christmas Day airline bomber acted under orders from an al Qaeda branch in Yemen , which "  trained him , equipped him with those explosives and directed him to attack that plane headed for America . " Vowing to hold accountable all those involved in the attempted act of terrorism on Christmas , Obama sent a letter to his Yemeni counterpart , Ali Abdullah Saleh , delivered by Gen. David Petraeus , head of the U.S. Central Command , in which he pledged to double the $ 70 million in counterterrorism aid to the poverty-stricken country in 2009 , a figure that does not include covert programs run by U.S. special forces and the CIA . With the increase in security assistance , Yemen now tops Pakistan , which receives about $ 112 million , a clear indication of the growing threat of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  known as AQAP Yemen-based  in U.S. eyes . American strategy is driven by assumptions that do not fully recognize the complexity and gravity of the situation in Yemen . The first premise is that with increased U.S. security assistance , the Yemen government will take the fight to al Qaeda and uproot it . Secondly , U.S. officials assume that confronting al Qaeda requires mainly counterterrorism measures . What is alarming about the resurgence of this al Qaeda branch is its linkage to Yemen 's deepening social and political crises and failing state institutions . In the last three years , against all odds , the al Qaeda branch has revived the central organization 's declining fortune in the Arabian Peninsula and emerged as a potentially potent force . AQAP numbers between 100 and 300 core operatives -- as many as those in Pakistan , though they are younger and lack the operational skills and sophistication of their Pakistani cohorts . Most are rookies with little combat experience , unlike the previous Afghanistan generation . The structure and composition of the Yemen branch appears to have changed because of the merger with militant elements from Saudi Arabia last January , forming AQAP and revitalizing the jihadist network there . Some fighters had returned from war zones in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan and have supplied military training and ideological motivation and leadership . In 2007 I interviewed several hardened Yemeni and Saudi returnees from Iraq who made it clear that they would target America and Britain if U.S. and U.K. troops do not withdraw from Muslim lands . These hard-liners were neither bluffing nor making empty threats . There are also some signs of cross-fertilization between AQAP and Somalia 's al-Shabab , an al Qaeda like-minded group fighting for control of the war-torn country facilitated by the flow of thousands of Somali refugees to Yemen . That is not the whole story , however . The recent revival of al Qaeda in Yemen is a product of a structural socioeconomic crisis and political divisions and fault lines that have pushed the country to the brink of all-out war . Al Qaeda is a parasite feeding on lawlessness , social and political instability , and abject poverty and despair . Today Yemen is a fragile state with failing institutions and a collapsed economy . Forty percent of the country 's 23 million people are unemployed . More than a third of the population is undernourished and almost 50 percent live in absolute poverty . Yemen , the poorest Arab country , has one of the highest fertility rates . A huge youth explosion  60 percent of the population is under the age of 20  faces a grim future -- and radicalization . With every visit to this stunningly beautiful country , I observe a deteriorating security situation and declining social conditions . It is now common to see many women of all ages clad in black from head to toe begging on the streets of major cities , an alarming sign of social breakdown in an ultraconservative Muslim society where women do not appear in public . The sound of Soviet-made fighter jets often shatters the peace of the early hours of the morning . The jets are on their way to bomb Houthi  Shia  rebels in the Sada'adah province and the Harf Sufian district of Amran province , a mini-civil war in the north that has raged on and off for four years and has claimed more than a thousand lives , most of whom are civilians . A secessionist movement in the south has gained momentum , with a sizable segment of southern public opinion demanding a divorce from the forced union imposed by the north in the early 1990s . What the al Qaeda branch has tried to do is to submerge and embed itself in these raging local conflicts and to position itself as the spearhead of opposition and resistance to the Saleh regime . For example , al Qaeda has allied itself with tribes in the separatist south in the fight against the central government , a radical move because many separatists are socialist and not religiously inclined . Ironically , in 1994 President Saleh relied greatly on jihadists and Islamists to subdue the socialist south and unify Yemen . From his base in Sudan , Osama bin Laden , whose father was born in Yemen , exhorted his men to fight the "  Godless Marxists " in the south , who they massacred . The al Qaeda-Yemen connection goes back to the foundation of the jihadist organization . Yemen has always had powerful Islamist and jihadist movements . In the 1980s , thousands of Yemenis joined the Afghan jihad against occupying Soviet forces and most returned home emboldened and militarized . Unlike their Middle Eastern counterparts , Yemeni returnees were welcomed by the Saleh regime . In the early 1990s when bin Laden set up al Qaeda in Sudan and then in Afghanistan , he heavily and personally recruited Yemenis whom he trusted . Bin Laden , a Saudi , has often said he has a soft spot in his heart for Yemen because of its people 's religiosity and tribal code of honor and hospitality and harsh , mountainous landscape . The Saudi-Yemeni contingent was the largest within the bin Laden organization , as well as in the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay . Many of his bodyguards , personal secretaries , drivers and cooks were Yemenis . AQAP chief Nasir al-Wuhayshi  reportedly killed by a U.S.-directed airstrike on December 24  , once served as bin Laden 's personal secretary . Bin Laden entrusted the protection and transportation of his wives and children to his Yemeni men , a fact that speaks volumes about his mindset . U.S. officials appear to overestimate the capacity of the Yemen government to meet the multiple challenges and threats to its authority and integrity . Its security forces are spread thin . Four years after the outbreak of the Houthi rebellion , the state has failed to resolve it . More importantly , the government can no longer deliver the social goods and patronage , historically solid underpinnings of the Saleh rule . The country has been badly affected by falling oil revenues  Yemen is the smallest oil producer in the Middle East  , pervasive corruption , and the international financial downturn . After more than three decades in power , President Saleh 's ability to co-opt adversaries and maintain friends has shrunk considerably , plunging Yemen into an uncertain future . On its own , counterterrorism will most likely fail in expelling al Qaeda from Yemen 's tribal areas and might trigger a backlash against the Saleh regime and its Western patrons . Of all Middle Easterners , Yemenis voice strong anti-American foreign policy sentiments and take pride in sacrificing blood and treasure in defense of Arab and Muslim causes . Any U.S. policy course that neglects the local context will help al Qaeda sell its narrative to a receptive audience . What Yemen desperately needs is a political and economic vision that tackles deteriorating security and social conditions and empowers state and society , not just the Saleh regime . This vision can not be made in the USA . Yemen 's neighbors , particularly Saudi Arabia and Kuwait , along with the League of Arab States , should take the lead in finding solutions to Yemen 's political and tribal divisions and providing the means to prevent Yemen from becoming a failed state . More than any other country , Saudi Arabia has more to lose by the breakdown of its next-door neighbor . The United States and Great Britain should provide leadership and assistance in shepherding the reconstruction process through and ensuring that inclusive governance , transparency , and accountability are adhered to . A good start is British Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's call for a high-level international meeting this month to discuss ways of combating al Qaeda influence in Yemen . But the most effective means to combat al Qaeda is to to tackle Yemen 's structural social and political crisis and to fully involve Yemen 's Arab neighbors in the talks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fawaz Gerges .	Al Qaeda is benefiting from civil unrest and economic woes in Yemen , says Fawaz Gerges He says sending more aid , focusing on counterterrorism wo n't be a successful policy He says Arab nations should take the lead , with U.S. , Britain helping in the background Gerges : It 's crucial to tackle Yemen 's social and political crisis
CNN  -- Can a photo competition change the world ? Probably not , but when paired with the brainpower of IBM and the problem-solving capabilities of the world 's most advanced artificially intelligent computer systems , it might just stand a chance . Last November , IBM opened its 12th global research lab -- and first on the African continent -- in Nairobi , Kenya . Though the lab employs 25 PhDs from the world 's best universities , as well as Watson -- the AI supercomputer that won Jeopardy against human competitors in 2011 -- the company recognized that in order to truly shape innovation in the continent , it had to first hear from the people who live there . "  If we 're going to solve the grand challenges of Africa it has to start here in Africa with us identifying and underscoring what they are , " says Erik Hersman , founder of Nairobi 's iHub tech hub and CEO of BRCK , and one of the four photo contest judges . To better understand what areas to invest in , IBM launched its The World is Our Lab photo competition , which invited anyone with a camera  or mobile phone  to contribute images that highlight the continent 's grand challenges , city systems and examples of innovation . After three months  and 1,200 submissions  , they chose a winner in each of those three categories . The competition even succeeded in offering the judges a few surprises . "  I saw places in Nigeria I did n't even imagine existed , " says Kenyan Mutua Matheka , official photographer for The World is Our Lab project and another judge in the competition . "  The winners each shared an Africa that most of us did n't know or did n't have access to . " Kenyan TV producer Frank Odwesso won in the City System category with his image of a woman on the back of a "  boda boda , " or bicycle taxi . The judges felt the picture demonstrated how locals in Western Kenya and Nyanza circumvent an unreliable public transport system to create a more efficient means of getting around . Mainly , though , it was the strength of the image that they were drawn to . "  It had the most vibrant colors , and it really summed up Africa to me , " admits Matheka . See the best photos from the competition here Imole "  Tobbie " Balogun won the Grand Challenges category with "  Baby Sitting , " which highlights the very adult responsibilities imposed on many of Nigeria 's children -- either because poverty forces them into jumpstarting their working lives , or because they have to assume the role of caretaker for their siblings . Visual artist Lawrence "  Shabu " Mwangi won the Innovation category , and the competition overall , with "  Digital Migration , " a shot he took of children playing with scrap in Nairobi 's Mukuru slum . "  We have these big dumping sites in Mukuru , and though we try to prevent the kids going to them , they find a way and use the scrap to play with , " says Mwangi , who also grew up in the area . "  These kids were playing a role in the television . None of them have a TV at home , but here they had a chance to be reporters -- they could be anything they wanted to be within that television . I just wanted to capture the happiness in that moment , " he adds . See more from Inside Africa The competition is part of IBM 's $ 100 million Project Lucy initiative , which will employ Watson and other cognitive computing technologies to advance development and create business opportunities in Africa over the next 10 years . Matheka , a former architect and one of the continent 's most respected photographers , says the competition has also shown him how photography has grown in Africa . "  I feel like a lot of African photographers have observed how those in Europe and the U.S. have photographed in Africa , and many us still use that as a template of how Africa should be captured . I think we 're starting to get out of that now , " he says . "  I think photography is starting to feel more approachable , to include the African public and focus on the textures and people of Africa . We 're starting to tell stories for Africans . It 's important , because our stories matter , and we need to hear them and to see our heroes so that we can know what is possible . "	IBM photo competition looked at Africa 's challenges and opportunities 1,200 submissions captured everyday Africa IBM will use Watson computer to help develop ideas to spur development in Africa
CNN  -- Delayed , but a go . That 's what "  Fast & Furious " actor Vin Diesel told fans Sunday night about the franchise 's seventh installment . He posted a message and photograph on Facebook that showed the last scene he and Paul Walker filmed together . "  There was a unique sense of completion , of pride we shared ... in the film we were now completing ... the magic captured ... and , in just how far we 've come ... , " Diesel wrote , announcing a new release date for the film -- April 10 , 2015 . "  P.s. He 'd want you to know first ... , " he said . The movie had been scheduled for a July 2014 release , but production was put on hold following Walker 's sudden death . Walker , 40 , and the rest of the "  Fast & Furious " cast were on a short break for Thanksgiving when he stepped into a red 2005 Porsche Carerra GT for a short ride around a Santa Clarita , California , business park . Investigators believe the car , driven by Walker 's friend , was speeding when it clipped a light pole and was engulfed in flames , killing both men . Walker 's ex-cop character , Brian O'Conner , was central to five of the first six "  Fast & Furious " stories , and his death left the future of the next film in doubt . Millions of dollars are at stake , considering the franchise has sold $ 2.6 billion in tickets around the world since 2001 . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	The film had been scheduled for a July 2014 release Production was put on hold after Paul Walker 's death Walker , 40 , was killed in a car crash last month "  P.s. He 'd want you to know first ... , " writes Vin Diesel
CNN  -- A tanker ship loaded with oil in the Port of Port Arthur , Texas , collided with two barges being towed by a tug boat , resulting in a spill of about 450,000 gallons of crude , according to the U.S. Coast Guard . No injuries were reported , but a 50-block area around the port was evacuated out of caution , as the tanker was carrying a type of oil containing sulfide . The portion of the port where the collision occurred will remain closed until it is deemed safe for workers and other vessels to return , Petty Officer Richard Brahm said . The Coast Guard has deployed 4,000 feet of boom , which helps corral the oil , with 10,000 more feet available for cleanup . Also on the scene are oil skimmers , three boom vessels , four 25-foot Coast Guard boats , the Coast Guard cutter Manowar and authorities from the local police and fire departments . Photos show gash in tanker 's side The spill is in a "  very still " area of the waterway , which is helping contain it , Brahm said . "  There is almost no water flow in the area , so the oil is n't spreading out , " he said . The port is primarily for industrial use , but Coast Guard Capt. John J. Plunkett said there are environmental concerns to marsh areas both up - and downstream of the spill . He said the spill had n't reached those areas . The Coast Guard did not indicate how long cleanup will take . The investigation into the cause of the collision is ongoing . Port Arthur is about 100 miles east of Houston , near the Louisiana border . The biggest oil spill in U.S. history occurred in 1989 when the Exxon Valdez ran aground on a reef in the Gulf of Alaska , resulting in the spill of 11 million gallons of crude .	Coast Guard did not indicate how long cleanup will take ; investigation ongoing No injuries reported , but a 50-block area was evacuated Coast Guard deployed 4,000 feet of boom , four 25-foot boats and other vessels for cleanup
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A new shoe outfitted with a GPS chip aims to offer peace of mind to Alzheimer 's patients and their caregivers . It 's common for people with Alzheimer 's or other types of dementia to wander from their homes . The embedded GPS tracking system will allow the wearer of the shoe to be located instantly online and for their whereabouts to be monitored in real time . The shoe may offer hope to the growing number of people with Alzheimer 's disease . More than 26 million people worldwide live with Alzheimer 's , and the figure is set to exceed 106 million by 2050 , according to researchers at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Health . "  This could not only save lives but potentially save governments billions in search and rescue operations , " Andrew Carle , a professor at George Mason University who was an adviser for the project , told CNN . Patients of Alzheimer 's , the leading cause of dementia , can easily become confused or disoriented , and it 's common for them to wander from their home and not be able to find their way back . The shoe is the latest in a wave of assisted-living devices , from home sensor systems to pill boxes that remind people to take their medication , targeted at keeping Alzheimer 's patients safe . Kathi Cordsen , an iReporter from Fullerton , Calif. , whose aunt has Alzheimer 's , welcomed the development of the shoes . "  It 's really sad how this illness creeps up on a person out of the blue , " she said . "  I think these shoes could help quite a few families to be able to keep -LSB- their loved ones home -RSB- instead of putting them in a home . " What do you think about GPS-outfitted shoes ? Tell us in the SoundOff below Carle , an expert in aging and assistive technologies , said businesses are honing in on ways technology can improve the quality of life for older adults . The market for microchip-based technology alone is worth an estimated $ 5 billion , he said . While tracking devices may help those with dementia live independently , they have also raised ethical concerns about informed consent and personal privacy , according to Gayle Willis of the Alzheimer 's Society in the UK . "  As long as people with dementia are involved in the decision-making progress , assisted living technologies can play an important role to help people live well with dementia , " she told CNN . But , Willis noted , they can not be a substitute for good quality care and more research needs to be done to see what products work best for people . The shoe is a collaboration between GTX Corp. , a firm that specializes in miniaturized GPS tracking devices , and footwear company Aetrex . Details are still being worked out , but GTX Chief Executive Patrick Bertagna expects the shoe to retail for around $ 200 to $ 300 . For a monthly fee of about $ 20 , caregivers will also have the option to subscribe to a GTX service that automatically alerts them when the wearer of the shoe leaves a designated boundary . Sixty percent of Alzheimer 's patients will get lost at least once , said Carle . Because they often will not seek help or respond to assistance , nearly half of them risk death if not found within 24 hours , he said . Electronic wristbands and ankle bracelets have been used to track sufferers of dementia before , but those devices tend to be bulky and uncomfortable . The shoes , on the other hand , are designed to be unobtrusive . Testing of a prototype is expected to be completed by the end of the year and the shoe will likely be rolled out in 2010 .	Shoe with GPS system aims to improve safety of seniors with dementia Alzheimer 's patients often wander from home and ca n't find their way back Device would locate them if they get lost and allow caregivers to monitor them
TUOL SLENG , Cambodia  CNN  -- The trial of a former prison chief with the Khmer Rouge movement resumed inside a packed Cambodian courtroom Monday , with prosecutors painting a grim picture of inmates who were electrocuted , whipped and beaten to death . Duch ran a prison where people were tortured and killed under the Khmer Rouge . Kaing Guek Eav , a former math teacher and a born-again Christian , displayed no emotion as the U.N.-backed tribunal accused him not just of overseeing the torture and killing of more than 15,000 men , women and children three decades ago -- but of actively taking part in some of them . The trial of the 66-year-old man , better known as Duch , resumed Monday just outside the Cambodian capital , Phnom Penh . Spectators , many of them survivors of the abuse , watched the proceedings from an auditorium separated from the courtroom by a large glass window . The proceedings began with Duch offering a basic introduction of himself . Court officials then read out the findings of their lengthy investigation . Prosecutors contend Duch ran S-21 , a prison that had been converted from a school . Here , men , women and children were shackled to iron beds and tortured -- before they were beaten to death , prosecutors said . Many of the victims were military officials or Communist Party members targeted for not going along with the philosophy of the ultra-Maoist Khmer Rouge movement , prosecutors said . Duch faces charges that include crimes against humanity , war crimes , torture and murder . He has admitted his role in the Khmer Rouge 's genocidal reign . Watch why his trial is significant " The movement swept to power in 1975 . Three years , eight months and 20 days later , at least 1.7 million people -- nearly one-quarter of Cambodia 's population -- were dead from execution , disease , starvation and overwork , according to the Documentation Center of Cambodia . The non-profit organization has been at the forefront of recording the atrocities committed during the Khmer Rouge regime . S-21 was one of 189 similar institutions across Cambodia . Duch is the first former Khmer Rouge leader to stand trial . The tribunal , which is made up of Cambodian and international judges , does not have the power to impose the death penalty . If convicted , Duch faces from five years to life in prison . The trial is expected to last three or four months . "  Probably the most important thing about this court is : even after 35 years , you are still not going to get away with it . That is the message , " said Chief Prosecutor Robert Petit . Even though Duch was not a senior leader with the movement , many Cambodians were relieved that one of the regime 's former leaders was facing justice , said Youk Chhang , head of the Documentation Center of Cambodia . "  I think there is a feeling of , well you know , finally -- now it 's finally happening after all these years of waiting -- hearing , fighting , negotiating , " he told CNN last month . "  People have that kind of sense of relief that it 's now moving . When I ask people around the center today , people say , ` Oh , it 's about time . ' " Four of the regime 's former leaders , also accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity , await trial before the tribunal . The regime 's leader , Pol Pot , died in 1998 . "  It all seems so fresh , " said Norng Champhal , who was a starving little boy when Vietnamese forces invaded the prison . He was separated from his mother after a night in the prison and never saw her again . "  It 's hard to control my feelings when I see this , " he said , as he watched footage of the prison taken 30 years ago . "  I wonder whether my parents were tortured like these people , " he said . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	NEW : Duch offers basic introduction of himself ; court officials read probe 's findings Duch 's trial is taking place outside the Cambodian capital , Phnom Penh Prison victims were military officials , Communist Party members Duch , former prison chief , has admitted role in Khmer Rouge 's reign
Pope Francis created 19 new cardinals Saturday in a ceremony in the Vatican 's St. Peter 's Basilica -- the first such appointments since he was elected pontiff last March . The new cardinals come from countries around the world , hailing from as far afield as Brazil , Ivory Coast , Burkina Faso , South Korea and Haiti . The pope presented them with the traditional biretta , or red cap , and ring at a formal ceremony called a public consistory . The scarlet color of the cap symbolizes the cardinals ' willingness to die for their faith . Looking frail , Benedict , the Pope Emeritus , lined up with the existing cardinals for the ceremony in the historic church . When last year he became the first pope in almost six centuries to stand down , Benedict said he would live a life of seclusion and study . His presence in St. Peter 's Basilica alongside that of Francis and the cardinals who will one day vote for his successor is a highly unusual event . Francis spoke Sixteen of the new cardinals are under the age of 80 , making them eligible to elect a new pope when the time comes , according to Vatican Radio . Three of them are over age 80 and "  are chosen for their distinguished service " to the Vatican and the Roman Catholic Church , it said . One of those is 98-year-old Archbishop Loris Capovilla , who was the secretary of Pope John XXIII . He was not present for the ceremony , but will be presented with his biretta in the coming days . Two of the newly appointed cardinals already hold top Vatican positions -- Archbishop Pietro Parolin is its secretary of state , while Archbishop Gerhard Mueller is head of the church 's chief doctrinal office , the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith . No Americans were named among the new members of the college of cardinals , but there is one Canadian , Quebec Archbishop Gerald Cyprien Lacroix . Francis : Not a promotion In a letter sent last month to the chosen clergy , Francis gave some words of advice about remaining humble . Becoming a cardinal "  does not signify a promotion , an honor nor a decoration : it is simply a service that demands a broader vision and a bigger heart , " he said . "  And , although it seems a paradox , this ability to look further and love more universally with greater intensity can be acquired only by following the way of the Lord : The way of lowliness and of humility , taking the form of a servant . " Commenting last month on the clergy named by Francis , Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi highlighted the geographical range and diversity of the countries they come from . "  The choice of cardinals of Burkina Faso and Haiti shows concern for people struck by poverty , " he is quoted as saying by Vatican Radio .	Pope Francis presents the new cardinals with their traditional red cap and ring Pope Emeritus Benedict is present for the ceremony in St. Peter 's Basilica The new cardinals hail from around the world , and most are under age 80 Francis has advised them to follow "  the way of lowliness and of humility " in their new role
New York  CNN  New York state authorities have issued a health alert following a dramatic spike in hospital visits for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies . Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Friday that more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals across the state for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid , known as "  spice " or "  K2 . " "  Spice " and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals that are supposed to mimic the effects of marijuana , according to a statement from the governor 's office . "  Since the exact compounds contained in synthetic cannabinoid products change so frequently , it 's often impossible for users to know exactly what they are putting in their body , " acting New York State Health Commissioner Dr. Howard Zucker said . Symptoms after use have a wide range of severity , from confusion , drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate , seizures and loss of consciousness , according to the New York State Department of Health . Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products to "  mask its true purpose , " the health department statement said . "  Young people may be fooled into thinking that these substances are safe because they are sold over the counter or are in colorful packaging , but they are not made for human consumption , " New York Alcohol and Substance Abuse Service s Commissioner Arlene Gonzalez Sanchez said . "  They are dangerous and can have significant , long-term effects on the brain . " The recent surge is not isolated in New York ; other states across the country have noticed similar trends . Alabama Department of Public Health issued a statement last week acknowledging a rise of synthetic marijuana usage and said there had been 98 overdoses suspected to be linked with "  spice " in the previous month . Mobile County alone has seen seven cases in 2015 so far , more than the entire previous year , the statement said . Mississippi health officials are also concerned that synthetic marijuana is on the rise . Ninety-seven cases over an eight-day span in April were reported to the Mississippi Poison Control Center , a Department of Health press release said .	New York reports 160 hospitalizations related to synthetic marijuana Gov. Andrew Cuomo issued a health alert
CNN  -- This Christmas , do n't feel pressured to attend yet another holiday party . If you 'd rather stay in and enjoy a relaxing day in front of the television , you do have options . For the Christmas-lover , ABC Family will be running a marathon of holiday films , from The Santa Clause to National Lampoon 's Christmas Vacation . But if you 're not as excited about more holiday cheer , there are other options , such as a Doctor Who marathon or an evening spent with Duck Dynasty . We 've rounded up your marathon options below : * Note : Final time is when final episode begins ; all in ET ABC Family Christmas movies  11 a.m. to 9 p.m. Doctor Who  BBC , 8 a.m. -- 5 p.m.  followed by Doctor Who : The Day of the Doctor at 6 p.m. , and additional specials Doctor Who : Farewell to Matt Smith at 8 p.m. and Doctor Who : The Time of the Doctor at 9 p.m. And if you miss them the first time around , the specials will air again immediately after The Time of the Doctor ends . Hawaii Life  HGTV , 6:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. Nightmare Next Door  ID , 2 a.m. to noon Man v. Food Nation  Travel , 9 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.  followed by Man v. Food  1 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Undercover Boss  TLC , Noon to next day Holmes Inspection  DIY , 7 a.m. to 11 a.m.  followed by Holmes Makes It Right  Noon to next day A Christmas Carol on repeat starting at 12:05 p.m.  FXM Duck Dynasty  A&E , 6 p.m. through next day A Christmas Story on repeat starting on Christmas Eve and running until 6 p.m. Christmas Day  TBS "  Oy ! To The World : A Mel Brooks Christmas Marathon " in which Brooks hosts a marathon of his most acclaimed films , from The Producers to Robin Hood : Men in Tights .  Sundance , starting at 6 a.m. "  A Very Quentin X-mas " marathon will feature Quentin Tarantino 's films , such as Reservoir Dogs , Jackie Brown , Kill Bill Vol . 1 and Kill Bill Vol . 2 .  ENCORE , starting at 11:30 a.m. See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	You can get your holiday cheer watching television Choose from Christmas classics like ' A Christmas Story " Or a full day of ` Duck Dynasty ' and other favorite TV shows
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A dancer-choreographer befriended by Michael Jackson when he was a child now calls the late pop icon "  a pedophile and a child sexual abuser . " Wade Robson , who is seeking money from Jackson 's estate for alleged child sex abuse , talked about his claims Thursday on NBC 's "  Today " show . Robson , now 30 , denied in testimony at Jackson 's child molestation trial in 2005 that he had been molested by the singer . Two months after Jackson 's death in 2009 , Robson said they had "  a wonderful relationship " and he called Jackson "  a kind human being . " "  This is not a case of repressed memory , " Robson told "  Today 's " Matt Lauer . "  I never forgot one moment of what Michael did to me , but I was psychologically and emotionally completely unable and unwilling to understand that it was sexual abuse . " The lawyer for Jackson 's estate called the accusations "  outrageous and sad " in a statement given after the Thursday interview.Â "  Mr. Robson has adamantly denied under oath and in numerous interviews over the past 20 years that Michael Jackson ever did anything inappropriate to him , " Jackson estate attorney Howard Weitzman said . "  He now wants us to believe that he committed perjury at least twice and has been lying to anyone and everyone about Mr. Jackson since the early '90s so he can file a claim for money . Â Mr. Robson 's transparent lawsuit comes nearly four years after Michael passed . " Â The accusation came in the form of a creditor 's claim against the estate in a Los Angeles probate court this month . Jackson defender files sex abuse claim Robson said the abuse started when he was 7-years-old , when he often visited Jackson 's Neverland Ranch . It continued until he was 14 , he said . "  He performed sexual acts on me and forced me to perform sexual acts on him , " Robson said . Jackson was acquitted of child molestation charges in 2005 , partly based on the testimony of Robson , his sister and his mother . "  It 's absurd , " said Tom Mesereau , the lawyer who successfully defended Jackson in the trial . "  He was one of the strongest witnesses for the defense at Michael Jackson 's criminal trial in 2005 . He was adamant under oath that he had never been molested at any time . " Robson said his denial to investigators during a 1993 criminal investigation was the result of Jackson 's "  complete manipulation and brainwashing " of him . He denied Jackson ever offered money to keep him quiet . "  He would call me every day and role play and tell me the same sort of things and also tell me then that if anyone ever thought that we did these things , any of these sexual things , that both of us would go to jail for the rest of our lives , " he said . Robson met Jackson in his native Australia when he was just 5 . Jackson invited him for frequent stays at Neverland after Robson and his family moved to Los Angeles two years later . Their visits continued until he was 13 , according to court testimony . Choreographer : AEG considered ` pulling the plug ' on Jackson 's comeback "  From day one of the abuse , Michael told me that we loved each other and that this was love , that this was an expression of our love . And then you follow that up with ` but if you ever tell anyone what we 're doing , both of our lives and our career will be over , ' " he told Lauer . Robson paid tribute to Jackson In an interview with "  Entertainment Tonight " to promote his choreography work on the MTV Video Music Awards in August 2009 . "  I just had a wonderful relationship , " he said . "  I learned so much from him , as an artist and as a kind human being , and it 's my goal to just try and continue as much as I can in my own little world that legacy . "  We talk so much about him as the pop legend , which is important , but it 's nice to remember that he was a man , that he was a father , " Robson said . "  And that 's what it 's really about is a father and his children , and he was a wonderful dad . " But it was becoming a father himself two and a half years ago that caused Robson to change his story about Jackson , he said . He said he "  collapsed into two nervous breakdowns , terrifying nervous breakdowns " in his son 's first 18 months . "  At that point I had no idea what was wrong with me , what was going on , " he said . "  During the second one , this thing happened where I started looking at him and imagining him being a victim of the sexual abuse that I was at the hands of Michael . For the first time in my life , I began to realize that my completely numb and unexplored feelings in relationship to what Michael did to me might be a problem and maybe I need to speak to someone about it . " The accusations created a major stir among Jackson fans , many calling Robson a traitor to the man who made his career . They argue his motivation is money from Jackson 's estate . "  I understand completely how hard it is to understand this , " he said . "  That being said , the idea that I would make all of this up and put myself , my wife , my son , my entire family through this extremely stressful and painful experience all for the sake of money is completely incomprehensible . " Witness : ` Everybody was lying ' after Jackson died Robson said the court claim is about healing . "  I 've lived in silence and denial for 22 years , and I ca n't spend another moment in that , " he said . "  In order to truly heal I have to speak my truth and speak the whole truth . That 's one thing you 'll never see from me . I 'm never going to go away with this for the sake of money . I 'm never going to be silenced for money . That 's not going to happen . " Lauer asked Robson what comes to mind now when he thinks of Michael Jackson . "  Heartbreak , pain , anger and compassion , " he said . "  There 's no excuse for what he did to me and I believe many others , but he was a troubled man and every effect has its cause . The image that one presents to the world is not the whole explanation of who someone is . Michael Jackson was , yes , an incredibly talented artist with an incredible gift . He was many things . And he was also a pedophile and a child sexual abuser . " The 2005 trial in Santa Barbara County , California , centered on charges that Jackson had molested a 13-year-old cancer survivor who often visited his ranch . He was also charged with plying the boy with alcohol and conspiring to abduct , extort and falsely imprison the child and his family . He was acquitted on all counts . "  I 've known Michael for a long time . I 've spent many hours talking to him about everything . I trust him . I trust him with my children , " Joy Robson , the mother of Wade Robson , testified when called as a prosecution witness . Robson said she let Wade , who was then 7 , and daughter Chantal sleep in Jackson 's bedroom from the first visit .	Accuser "  denied under oath " he was molested , Jackson estate says Wade Robson is seeking money from Jackson 's estate for alleged child sex abuse Robson defended Michael Jackson in his 2005 criminal trial "  This is not a case of repressed memory , " Robson tells NBC
CNN  -- It 's Memorial Day weekend , which can only mean one thing : time to sit inside an air-conditioned movie theater . To get ready for summer-blockbuster season , here 's a roundup of the most buzzed-about movies being released through July : "  Sex and the City 2 " Opened Genre : Romantic comedy Fans of the series will likely strut to theaters , despite the sequel 's less than complimentary reviews . "  Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time " Opened Genre : Action/adventure "  Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time , " starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Gemma Arteron , is based on the popular video game . It has n't exactly been receiving rave reviews , but it stars Jake Gyllenhaal -- did we mention that already ? "  Get Him to the Greek " Opens : June 4 Genre : Comedy Here 's hoping that the "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall " spinoff , featuring everyone 's favorite fictional rock star , Aldous Snow , is as funny as the original . "  Killers " Opens : June 4 Genre : Action/adventure Katherine Heigl and Ashton Kutcher star in "  Killers , " a story about a happy couple who suddenly find they 're being targeted because of Kutcher 's old work as an undercover assassin . "  The Karate Kid " Opens : June 11 Genre : Family/action This summer flick is a remake of 1984 's "  The Karate Kid " and stars Will Smith 's son , Jaden , and Jackie Chan . "  The A-Team " Opens : June 11 Genre : Action "  The A-Team , " starring Bradley Cooper , Liam Neeson and Jessica Biel , is based on the 1980s TV series that starred Mr. T. "  Toy Story 3 " Opens : June 18 Genre : Animated "  Toy Story 3 " is the biggest animated film out this summer , coming on the heels of "  Shrek Forever After , " which was released last week . The 3-D movie once again features the voices of Tom Hanks and Tim Allen as Woody and Buzz Lightyear . "  Jonah Hex " Opens : June 18 Genre : Action/thriller The thriller , directed by Jimmy Hayward , stars Josh Brolin , John Malkovich and Megan Fox . "  Grown Ups " Open : June 25 Genre : Comedy It just would n't be summer without an Adam Sandler movie at the box office . The comedy 's tagline , "  Boys will be boys ... some longer than others , " is n't exactly shocking for the star . If it ai n't broke . ... "  Knight and Day " Opens : June 25 Genre : Action/comedy Cameron Diaz and Tom Cruise star as a fugitive couple on the run in "  Knight and Day . " "  The Twilight Saga : Eclipse " Opens : June 30 Genre : Fantasy June 30 will be an exciting day for Twihards . The third installment of the "  Twilight " franchise once again stars Kristen Stewart , Robert Pattinson and Taylor Lautner . "  Despicable Me " Opens : July 9 Genre : Animated "  Despicable Me " features the voices of Steve Carell , Kirsten Wiig , Russell Brand and Jason Segel . The flick is about supervillain Gru  Carell  and his plans to steal the moon . "  Inception " Opens : July 16 Genre : Sci-fi/action "  Inception , " which was directed by "  The Dark Knight 's " Christopher Nolan , stars Leonardo DiCaprio , Cillian Murphy and Ellen Page . The film takes place in a world where technology enables people , such as Dom Cobb  DiCaprio  , to enter the minds of others . "  Salt " Opens : July 23 Genre : Action Angelina Jolie stars as Evelyn Salt , a CIA officer accused of being a Russian spy . The movie follows Salt as she resists being captured and attempts to prove her innocence . "  Dinner for Schmucks " Opens : July 23 Genre : Comedy Steve Carell , Paul Rudd and Zach Galifianakis -- need we say more ?	It 's summertime , and the moviegoing is easy The A-Team , " starring Bradley Cooper , is based on the 1980s TV series "  Get Him to the Greek , " starring Russell Brand , opens in theaters next week Angelina Jolie stars as a CIA officer accused of being a Russian spy in "  Salt "
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Riot police descended on scores of anti-government protesters in the streets of Thailand 's capital as violence intensified early Monday . Thai soldiers secure an area early Monday in Bangkok after dispersing protesters . Protesters took over two gas tanker trucks in one Bangkok intersection , ramping up the intensity of the ongoing conflict . "  We 're at a freeway intersection and they 've commandeered two gas tankers that they are threatening to blow up , " CNN Correspondent Dan Rivers reported from the scene . Protesters elsewhere lit fires in the streets , blocked intersections and surrounded the prime minister 's office , where there was no sign of security . Rivers said protesters had slashed the tires of a police van . Video from the scene showed shield-wielding riot police clashing with protesters , and at times people were carried away on stretchers . There were no immediate figures on deaths or injuries . "  What they 're trying to do is face down the government , which so far has appeared -- it must be said -- very weak and unwilling to order the police or the army to use much force , " Rivers said . "  That was , until a few hours ago where . . they have started to crack down on this movement . " Earlier , Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva announced a state of emergency Sunday in the capital and surrounding areas in an attempt to tamp down days of heightening protests . Thousands of "  red shirt " protesters have rallied for days to demand Abhisit 's resignation . The red shirts have given the prime minister repeated deadlines to resign , but those have come and gone . The protesters are loyal to former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a 2006 coup . They have said Abhisit 's government was not democratically elected and want him to resign and schedule elections . iReport.com : "  Red shirts " take to streets Abhisit , who has held the position for four months , has rejected calls to step down . Meanwhile , Thaksin , in a video-link speech from an unknown location , urged his supporters to revolt , according to a report MCOT , a public company run under the supervision of the Thai prime minister 's office . Thaksin said he would return to Thailand to lead people in a march on the capital if necessary , according to the report . Immediately after Abhisit 's state-of-emergency declaration , dozens of protesters stormed the country 's Interior Ministry and pelted Abhisit 's car with rocks , chairs , flags and sticks as he escaped . Protesters climbed atop two military armored cars after laying down on the road and blocking its path . A police officer was led away by demonstrators and beaten , said Sathit Wongnongtoey , an official in the prime minister 's office . The emergency measure will allow officials to arrest and detain protesters without a court order , and to restrict gatherings , authorities said . iReport.com : "  Numerous buses set ablaze " Also Sunday , police arrested a leader of the red shirt movement -- named for the color of their demonstrators ' attire . The leader , Arismun Pongruengrong , was charged with inciting people to break the law , police said . Arismun led demonstrators who forced their way into a hotel Saturday where Asian leaders were to meet . The action prompted the indefinite postponement of the Association of South East Asian Nations  ASEAN  summit in the southern coastal city of Pattaya . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	NEW : Shield-wielding riot police clash with protesters early Monday morning PM declares state of emergency in Bangkok and surrounding area Protesters storm the country 's interior ministry and attack PM 's car
Two veterans in a Veterans Affairs psychiatric facility languished for years without proper treatment , according to a scathing letter and report sent Monday to the White House by the U.S. Office of Special Counsel , or OSC . In one case , a veteran with a service-connected psychiatric condition was in the facility for eight years before he received a comprehensive psychiatric evaluation ; in another case , a veteran only had one psychiatric note in his medical chart in seven years as an inpatient at the Brockton , Massachusetts , facility . Examples such as those are the core of the report released Monday by the OSC , an independent government agency that protects whistleblowers . Read the OSC letterThe agency said it is still investigating more than 50 whistleblower disclosures involving patient health or safety allegations at the VA nationwide , and "  these cases represent more than a quarter of all matters referred by OSC for investigation government-wide , " according to the report . Fear kept the VA scandal a secret The report also slams the VA 's medical review agency , the Office of the Medical Inspector , or OMI , for its refusal to admit that lapses in care have affected veterans ' health . For example , when the office reviewed the Brockton psychiatric cases , it confirmed the patient neglect yet "  denied that ...  it  had any impact on patient care . " "  The VA , and particularly the VA 's Office of the Medical Inspector  OMI  , has consistently used a ` harmless error ' defense , where the Department acknowledges problems but claims patient care is unaffected , " the OSC said . "  This approach hides the severity of systemic and longstanding problems . " In response to the OSC 's letter , Sloan Gibson , the VA 's acting director , issued a statement : "  I respect and welcome the letter and the insights from the Office of Special Counsel . I am deeply disappointed not only in the substantiation of allegations raised by whistleblowers , but also in the failures within VA to take whistleblower complaints seriously . " Gibson said he has directed a "  comprehensive review of all aspects of the Office of Medical Inspector 's operation , to be completed within 14 days . " As part of its review , the OSC looked at whistleblower allegations at 10 VA hospitals , where it found the VA 's review of cases "  appears to contradict its own findings . " According to the OSC , at a VA hospital in Jackson , Mississippi , the Office of Medical Inspector substantiated a number of allegations , including "  improper credentialing of providers , inadequate review of radiology images , unlawful prescriptions for narcotics , noncompliant pharmacy equipment used to compound chemotherapy drugs , and unsterile medical equipment . " "  In addition , a persistent patient-care concern involved chronic staffing shortages , " which led to the creation of "  ghost clinics " in which veterans were scheduled for appointments without an assigned provider and as a consequence were leaving the facility without receiving treatment . Despite the numerous lapses in care at the Jackson VA , the Office of Medical Inspector did not acknowledge any impact on the health and safety of veterans , according to the OSC letter . Monday 's letter also outlined whistleblower complaints ranging from unsterlized surgical equipment in Ann Arbor , Michigan , to neglect of elderly residents at a geriatric facility in San Juan , Puerto Rico , to a pulmonologist in Montgomery , Alabama , who "  copied prior provider notes in over 1,200 patient records , likely resulting in inaccurate health information being recorded . " Other facilities with substantiated complaints include Grand Junction , Colorado ; Buffalo , New York ; Little Rock , Arkansas ; and Harlingen , Texas . The OSC said all these cases are "  part of a troubling pattern of deficient patient care at VA facilities nationwide , and the continued resistance by the VA , and the OMI in most cases , to recognize and address the impact of health and safety of veterans . " The agency also expressed concern that the VA has n't adequately addressed whistleblower complaints of wrongdoing . Referring to the scandal of a secret wait list at the Phoenix VA facility , the OSC found that "  the recent revelations in Phoenix are the latest and most serious in the years-long pattern of disclosures from VA whistleblowers and their struggle to overcome a culture of non-responsiveness . Too frequently , the VA has failed to use information from whistleblowers to identify and address systemic concerns that impact patient care . " At a facility in Fort Collins , Colorado , the Office of Medical Inspector substantiated allegations made by a VA employee , including a shortage of providers that led schedulers to cancel veterans ' appointments . It found that 3,000 veterans were unable to reschedule appointments and that staff was instructed to alter wait times . In May , CNN interviewed Lisa Lee , who worked as a scheduler at the VA clinic in Fort Collins . "  We were sat down by our supervisor ... and he showed us exactly how to schedule so it looked like it was within that 14-day period , " Lee told CNN . "  They would keep track of schedulers who were complying and getting 100 percent of that 14 day  s  and those of us who were not . " Despite its findings in Fort Collins , the Office of the Medical Inspector wrote that it "  could not substantiate that the failure to properly train staff resulted in danger to public health and safety . " In Monday 's letter , the OSC disagreed with that determination , saying the VA 's conclusion in this case "  is not only unsupportable on its own , but is also inconsistent by other VA components examining similar patient-care issues . " Since November 2013 , CNN has been investigating and publishing reports of wait lists and deaths of veterans across VA hospitals across the country . In April , details of the secret wait list in Phoenix , and allegations of 40 veterans dying there while waiting for care , emerged when retired Phoenix VA physician Dr. Sam Foote stepped forward ; Dr. Foote first appeared on CNN with details of what happened in Phoenix . Congress had chances over the years , but action on VA not enough Performance reviews at troubled VA showed no bad senior managers	VA 's acting director says he has ordered review of VA 's medical review agency Office of Special Counsel sends scathing report on veterans care to White House VA 's "  approach hides the severity of systemic and longstanding problems , " agency says As part of review , OSC looked at whistleblower allegations at 10 VA hospitals across the country
CNN  -- Somalia said a senior al Qaeda operative tied to several attacks in East Africa was killed Monday in a U.S. strike in southern Somalia . Saleh ali Saleh Nabhan , pictured on the FBI 's Web site , reportedly was tied to al Qaeda 's East Africa operations . Intelligence sources have confirmed to the Somali government that Saleh ali Saleh Nabhan was killed , Information Minister Dahir Mohamud Gelle said Tuesday . "  We welcome that attack because those people targeted were murderers , and they are unwanted and unwelcome in Somalia , " Gelle said . Nabhan 's death will have "  a major impact " on al Qaeda 's operations in the Horn of Africa , according to one regional analyst . U.S. special operations forces used a helicopter to fire on a car Monday in southern Somalia , killing several people , including one they believed was Nabhan , U.S. officials told CNN earlier . Nabhan , 30 , was born in Kenya and had been tied to attacks that included the 1998 bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , according to the sources . More than 200 were killed , and 4,000 wounded in those attacks , most of them Kenyans . The United States targeted Nabhan in an airstrike in southern Somalia near the Kenyan border in March 2008 , U.S. officials said at the time . In February 2006 , the FBI announced that Nabhan was wanted for questioning in connection with the 2002 suicide bombing of an Israeli-owned hotel and the unsuccessful attack on an Israeli charter jet in Mombasa , Kenya . Ten Kenyans and three Israelis -- including two children -- were killed when three suicide bombers detonated a car bomb outside Mombasa 's Paradise Hotel in November 2002 . The bombing took place within minutes of an unsuccessful missile attack on an Israeli charter jet , which was taking off with 261 passengers and 10 crew members . President Obama signed off on Monday 's operation , a senior U.S. official said . The United States had been monitoring the situation for days and had intelligence that Nabhan was in the area , the U.S. officials said . The officials who talked to CNN are familiar with the latest information on Monday 's strike but did not want to be identified because they were not authorized to talk to the media . The U.S. helicopter flew from a U.S. Navy warship offshore , while the ship kept watch on the operation , one of the sources said . The warship was ready to rescue the American troops if they got into trouble . Farmers in the southeastern town of Barawe , Somalia , said they witnessed the assault . They said helicopters attacked a car and its occupants and that at least two people died . The witnesses said some helicopters landed and that some of the injured or dead were pulled into at least one helicopter . A U.S. official said the troops landed to take away the body believed to be that of Nabhan for positive identification . Nabhan is believed to be an associate of al Qaeda member Harun Fazul , who was indicted in the 1998 bombings of the U.S. embassies . The U.S. military has long sought Nabhan because he is believed to be deeply involved in al Qaeda 's East African operations , a senior U.S. official said last year . "  He was certainly one of the leading al Qaeda figures in East Africa , " said Rashid Abdi , a Somalia analyst for the International Crisis Group , an independent advisory and analysis organization . Nabhan "  has been living in the shadows " in Somalia and not much is known about his recent activity , Abdi said . "  The fact that he is now out of the picture will have a bigger impact on al Qaeda than on Al-Shabaab , " he said , referring to the Islamist militia in Somalia that has ties to al Qaeda . "  He is a man with an important organizational memory , and if a key figure like him is killed , it always has a major impact . " Al-Shabaab is waging a bloody battle against Somalia 's transitional government and is on the U.S. list of terrorist organizations because of its al Qaeda ties . There are growing concerns that Somalia could be the next base for al Qaeda as U.S. forces pound their positions in Afghanistan and Pakistan . CIA Director Leon Panetta recently said the intelligence agency is keeping tabs on the region as a possible destination for fleeing al Qaeda operatives . Journalist Mohammed Amiin Adow and CNN 's David McKenzie , Barbara Starr and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Analyst calls operative "  one of the leading al Qaeda figures in East Africa " Al Qaeda operative Saleh ali Saleh Nabhan killed , Somali official says U.S. special operations forces fired on car from chopper in Somalia , U.S. officials say Officials : Man tied to 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania
CNN  -- When Ji Yeqing awakened , she was already in the recovery room . Chinese authorities had dragged her out of her home and down four flights of stairs , she said , restraining and beating her husband as he tried to come to her aid . They whisked her into a clinic , held her down on a bed and forced her to undergo an abortion . Her offense ? Becoming pregnant with a second child , in violation of China 's one-child policy . "  After the abortion , I felt empty , as if something was scooped out of me , " Ji told a congressional panel in September . "  My husband and I had been so excited for our new baby . Now suddenly all that hope and joy and excitement disappeared . ... I was very depressed and despondent . For a long time , whenever I thought about my lost child , I would cry . " As she lay unconscious , she said , an IUD to prevent future pregnancies was inserted . The issue of forced abortions -- and in some cases , forced sterilizations -- in China has seized the spotlight in recent days with news of escaped activist Chen Guangcheng . Chen , a blind , self-taught lawyer , rose to fame in the late 1990s because of his advocacy for what he calls victims of abusive practices , such as forced abortions , by Chinese family planning officials . He investigated forced abortions and sterilizations in eastern China -- a practice China denies -- and helped organize a class-action lawsuit on behalf of victims , for which he served four years in prison . A fellow activist , Hu Jia , said Chen has taken refuge at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing . "  Chen may be safe for the moment , but the women for whom he risked everything are not , " said Reggie Littlejohn , president of Women 's Rights Without Frontiers , a California-based organization that describes itself as a "  broad-based , international coalition that opposes forced abortion and sexual slavery in China . " "  Forced abortion is not a choice , " Littlejohn said . "  It is official government rape . " On a January 2011 visit to the United States , Chinese President Hu Jintao reportedly denied that China was forcing women to submit to abortions . Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , who gave Hu a list of human rights concerns , said that Hu insisted a forced-abortion policy did not exist , according to media reports . China 's population is the largest on earth , with more than 1.34 billion people . Since its implementation in 1979 , the one-child policy has prevented more than 400 million births in China , according to China 's National Population and Family Planning Commission . About 13 million abortions are performed nationwide each year , the commission has said -- about 35,000 a day . It is unknown how many of those are coerced . But the one-child policy has been blamed for abuses . In some cases , advocates say , fetuses identified as female are aborted , or midwives strangle a female infant with the umbilical cord during delivery , identifying the baby as "  stillborn , " according to All Girls Allowed , a nonprofit group that aims to end female "  gendercide , " educate abandoned girls , rescue trafficked children and defend women 's reproductive rights . Other females are abandoned , left to die or raised as orphans . Chinese traditionally prefer boys over girls because they are seen as better able to provide for the family and carry on the family bloodline . As a result , the practice of aborting female fetuses or abandoning infant girls continues , particularly in rural areas . In November , according to state-run news agency Xinhua , Premier Wen Jiabao , in a speech to the National Working Conference on Women and Children , "  urged banning illegal fetus gender identification and illegal abortion . " "  The social status of the female population indicates the level of social progress  of a nation  , while children are the future and hope of a nationality and a nation , " Wen said . Last summer , Xinhua reported that "  millions of Chinese men of marrying age may be living as frustrated bachelors by 2020 " because of the gender imbalance . In 2010 , China 's sex ratio at birth was 118 boys for every 100 girls , the news agency said . China kicked off a national campaign "  to significantly curb non-medical sex determinations and sex-selective abortions to balance the gender ratio , " Xinhua said . Also during the campaign , "  efforts will be made to raise awareness of gender equality , to severely punish those involved in cases of non-medical sex determinations and sex-selective abortions , and to strengthen monitoring . " Liu Qian , vice minister of the Ministry of Health , said that doctors violating the ban would be stripped of their licenses or penalized , and involved medical institutions would also be punished , according to Xinhua . The one-child policy could contribute to China 's high rate of female suicide , according to All Girls Allowed . China is the only country in the world where the female suicide rate is higher than that of men -- some 500 women a day , the group said , citing statistics from the World Health Organization and the U.S. State Department . In its 2009 Human Rights Report , the State Department noted that "  many observers believed that violence against women and girls , discrimination in education and employment , the traditional preference for male children , birth-limitation policies , and other societal factors contributed to the high female suicide rate . Women in rural areas , where the suicide rate for women was three to four times higher than for men , were especially vulnerable . " Sometimes the consequences are even more severe . In October 2011 , a woman who was six months pregnant died during a forced abortion in eastern China , according to Women 's Rights Without Frontiers . Last month , a woman in the same region was forced to undergo an abortion while nine months pregnant , the organization reported . The baby was born alive , but then was drowned in a bucket , according to the organization . A photo of the infant 's body floating in the bucket was circulated on Weibo , the Chinese version of Twitter , sparking widespread outrage . Chinese officials are prohibited under law from "  infringing on the rights and interests of citizens when promoting compliance with population planning policies , " according to the Congressional-Executive Commission on China , created by Congress to monitor human rights and the rule of law in China . However , the commission in its most recent annual report noted "  reports of official campaigns , as well as numerous individual cases in which officials used violent methods to coerce citizens to undergo sterilizations or abortions or pay heavy fines for having ` out-of-plan ' children , " meaning a family 's second child . In one example from October 2010 , the commission said , a woman in southeastern China who was eight months pregnant with her second child was kidnapped and detained for 40 hours . She was forcibly injected with a substance that caused the fetus to abort . Her husband reportedly was not permitted to see her during this time , the commission said . "  Nothing in human history compares to the magnitude of China 's 33-year assault on women and children , " said Rep. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey and chairman of the commission , during the September hearing at which Ji Yeqing testified . "  Today in China , rather than being given maternal care , pregnant women without birth-allowed permits are hunted down and forcibly aborted . ... For over three decades , brothers and sisters have been illegal ; a mother has absolutely no right to protect her unborn baby from state-sponsored violence . " "  Out of plan " children whose parents do not pay fines may go without household registration , or hukou , which presents obstacles to social benefits including subsidized health care and public education , All Girls Allowed said , citing the commission 's 2010 report . A woman 's family members , including her husband , parents , in-laws or siblings , may also be targeted for violations of the policy , according to Women 's Rights Without Borders , which published a 2005 report compiled from Chen 's notes into cases he was investigating before his arrest . The report alleges arrest , torture , beatings and fines of family members for the violations of relatives . It also documents a case where a woman suffered health problems after being forced to undergo a tubal ligation despite her high blood pressure . Ji told lawmakers her first forced abortion was in 2003 , after officials said she and her husband would be fined $ 31,000 for their second child and fired from their jobs . Her second came in 2006 , despite the fact she and her husband at that time were willing to pay the fine and lose their jobs . She continues to suffer consequences from the abortions . Her husband divorced her , she said , because she could not give him a son  the couple already had a daughter  . After she remarried and moved to the United States in 2010 , she said , she visited a clinic to have her IUD removed and undergo an exam . "  The doctor told me that I had cervical erosion , likely due to the poor medical conditions of my forced abortions , " she said . Liu Ping told a similar story to Congress last year . She said after giving birth to her son , she was required to undergo five abortions between 1983 and 1990 . During the last procedure , an IUD was inserted . "  When I learned of the procedure , I protested that I had a kidney disease and could not keep the IUD , but they completely ignored me , " she said . "  The doctor just gave the bill to my husband and told him to pay . " Her husband was later arrested , she said , and she was given a "  serious administrative warning " at her job and fined six months ' pay . Liu had to report to the factory clinic each month for an exam to make sure she had not removed the IUD on her own or become pregnant again , she said . In 1997 , she missed a monthly pregnancy check because she was caring for her terminally ill mother , she testified . "  Agents from the Family Planning Commission waited at my home to drag me to the exam , " she said . "  When they pushed me to the ground , I fell and hurt my neck vertebrae . My spirit completely collapsed after this one . I attempted suicide , but was stopped by my family from jumping . " Liu was able to move to the United States and she and her husband reconciled after a divorce . "  I feel happiness and joyful , " she told lawmakers . "  But I know in my homeland , China , there are millions of women who are suffering as I did . Each day thousands of young lives are being destroyed . I beg everyone to save them . " CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	China 's one-child policy results in forced abortions and sterilizations , activists say Women tell of emotional and physical consequences from the procedures Activist Chen Guangcheng works to advocate for victims of such practices
New York  CNN  -- A Manhattan mother returned home early Thursday evening to find two of her young children stabbed to death in a bathtub , as their nanny lay bleeding nearby , police said . The mother , 38 , had just returned around 5:30 p.m. to the family apartment on Manhattan 's West Side with her 3-year-old daughter , who she had just taken to swimming lessons , police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . All the lights were out in the residence , so she went downstairs to ask the doorman whether her two other children and their nanny had gone outside . After the doorman said they had not , the mother went back upstairs and started looking around , Kelly said . Peering into a bathroom , she let out a scream upon finding her 1-year-old son and 6-year-old daughter stabbed to death in the bathtub , according to Kelly . The children 's 50-year-old nanny was on the bathroom floor unconscious and bleeding from what appeared to be self-inflicted stab wounds to her neck , Kelly said . A kitchen knife sat next to her , according to police spokesman Paul Browne . A neighbor , Sandy Marcus , told CNN that she called 911 after hearing the mother 's screams . Another neighbor recalled it was hard to ascertain what was going on since "  everybody was screaming . " The children were taken to Roosevelt Hospital and pronounced dead . The father of the children is Kevin Krim , an executive with CNBC , several officials familiar with the investigation said . The nanny is at St. Luke 's Hospital , also in New York , in critical but stable condition , according to Kelly . No charges have been filed yet in the case , he added . Klein described the family at the center of the horror as "  all-American " and "  lovely . " "  It 's like something you read about in the papers , in some distant country , but never on your floor , " she said . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Logan Burruss and Brittany Brady contributed to this report .	NEW : The father is a CNBC executive , officials familiar with the investigation say . The nanny was next to the kids with what appeared to be self-inflicted stab wounds , police say She 's in critical but stable condition , the city 's police commissioner says The slain children were 1 and 6 years old
A federal lawsuit filed Friday seeks to overturn portions of Texas ' new abortion law , considered among the most restrictive legislation in the nation , just weeks before it takes effect . The lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Austin by Planned Parenthood on behalf of more than a dozen women 's health care providers across Texas alleges the law violates the constitutional rights of women and puts unreasonable demands on doctors who perform abortions . The law bans abortions past 20 weeks of gestation , mandates abortion clinics upgrade facilities to become ambulatory surgical centers , tightens usage guidelines for the drug RU486 , and requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing abortion services . The lawsuit specifically targets requirements under the new law that doctors obtain admitting privileges at a local hospital , usage controls on RU486 -- the so-called morning after pill -- and mandates that clinics upgrade to surgical centers . The new law "  would be catastrophic , making essential reproductive health care services for many Texans , especially poor and rural women , practically impossible to access , said Nancy Northup , president and chief executive officer of the Center for Reproductive Rights . Gov. Rick Perry 's spokesman said the lawsuit was not a surprise . "  It 's not surprising that those in the abortion business would oppose these common sense measures to protect women 's health and the lives of children , " said Josh Havens , the governor 's spokesman . "  Every abortion clinic in Texas can choose to meet these standards and continue operation . Those that do n't are clearly putting profits before patients . " The 20-week ban takes effect on October 29 , while enforcement for the rest of the bill begins in September 2014 . The bill originally failed to gain approval because of a Democratic filibuster led by state Sen. Wendy Davis . Perry then called the legislature into a second special session to continue consideration of the bill . Davis to run for governor	The lawsuit was filed in U.S. District Court in Austin It was filed by Planned Parenthood on behalf of women 's health care providers The first part of the new Texas law takes effect October 29 Gov. Rick Perry 's spokesman says the lawsuit was not a surprise
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  Deposed Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi picked up support Monday from the Gulf Cooperation Council , with that regional group of six Arab states calling on the Yemeni people to support Hadi against Houthi militants who forced him from office . Hadi escaped from the capital , Sanaa , on Saturday after being under house arrest for a month following his resignation under pressure from Houthi rebels . After his escape , he released a statement declaring he is still President of Yemen , and calling all political decision made since September illegal and invalid . The statement from the Gulf Cooperation Council Monday echoed Hadi , with council members stressing that all procedures taken by the Houthi after their coup were invalid . According to two presidential aides , Hadi met Monday with an official Saudi delegation that informed him of Saudi Arabia 's recognition of him as the constitutional President of Yemen . Meanwhile the Gulf council -- whose member countries are the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Saudi Arabia , Oman , Qatar and Kuwait -- urged the U.N. Security Council to consider measures against the Houthis , and the council called on the Houthis to release Prime Minister Khalid Bahah along with government ministers who remain under Houthi arrest . A nephew of the President was kidnapped Sunday by Houthi rebels , two security officials in Ibb province told CNN . The nephew , Nasser Ahmed Mansour Hadi , was heading to the seaport province of Aden , where the President fled after escaping from house arrest . Tens of thousands of anti-Houthi protesters took to the streets Monday for the third continuous day in support of Hadi . On Sunday , Sanaa saw large demonstrations calling for an end to the militant occupation of the city , and urging Hadi to stand against the Houthis . "  The Houthis thought they could not be stopped , and it only took hours for them to fall in the eyes of the people . Yemen has a President and the people will stand with him to uproot the Houthi militants from Sanaa , " Ali Al-Saedi , a protest organizer in Sanaa , told CNN . In Taiz , tens of thousands took to the streets to show support for the legitimacy of Hadi as President , and to condemn the continued Houthi takeover of the capital . They carried placards reading "  Out to militant rule , return of government institutions . " Last month , Houthis attacked the presidential palace and ministerial Cabinet , forcing both the President and Prime Minister to resign . Houthi militants then put Hadi under house arrest . Since then , Houthis have failed to form a government or reach a deal with other political factions for the formation of a presidential council . The militants tightened their grip on power over the last month , but the House of Representatives has not met to accept Hadi 's resignation . Hours after Hadi fled Sanaa on Saturday , Houthi officials tried to force parliamentarians to meet immediately to accept his resignation , but their efforts failed . On Monday , a senior aide to Hadi said the ousted President sent a letter to Yemen 's head of Parliament asking that his resignation be withdrawn . The ruling General People 's Congress Party , headed by Yemen 's former President Ali Abdullah Saleh , which holds a majority of seats in Parliament , said it will not push for a Parliament vote to accept the resignation of Hadi . "  Hadi is the President of Yemen , since his resignation has yet to officially reach Parliament . Yemen is still led by a constitutional elected President , " said Abdul Aziz Jubari , the secretary general of the independent Justice and Building Party . Houthis are Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni Muslim country . They had been at war with the central government for more than a decade , but their entry into Sanaa in September brought things to a head , sparking battles that left than 300 people dead before a ceasefire was agreed to that month . Houthis then pressured Hadi to step down last month after he refused to agree to certain political demands . The Houthis ' takeover of Sanaa stunned governments of Western nations , which pulled out diplomatic staff this month . Foreign evacuation continued in the Yemeni capital as Egypt evacuated all its Embassy staff and closed its Embassy on Monday morning . Earlier this month , the United States , along with most European and Gulf countries , suspended operations in their embassies in Yemen amid growing unrest . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Ed Payne , Ben Brumfield and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Aide : Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi has sent a letter to Parliament withdrawing his resignation Hadi was deposed from his post by Houthi rebels last month , but says he 's still President Six member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council say they support Hadi
CNN  -- President Barack Obama and Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney went head-to-head on China , taxes , and jobs on Wednesday as the two campaigned throughout Ohio . Both sought to illustrate what the next four years would be like under their leadership as new polls indicated Obama exceeding 50 % support among likely voters in Ohio , Florida and Pennsylvania . Those are all swing states that combined will account for nearly a quarter of the electoral votes needed to win the White House . Surveys suggest that Romney has lost his edge on the economy , the centerpiece of his campaign to highlight slow growth , trade tensions , and stubbornly high unemployment under Obama 's leadership . The economy remains the top issue for Americans as well when it comes to their vote for president , but Romney says he 's not worried about the new surveys . "  Polls go up and down , but frankly you 're going to see the support that I need to become president on Election Day , " Romney said in an interview with CNN National Political Correspondent Jim Acosta . His campaign pivoted back to the economy on Wednesday after two days of campaign themes centered around foreign policy with tensions over Libya , Iran and Syria dominating headlines as world leaders gathered at the United Nations . Romney 's campaign released a new ad saying Obama 's policies are n't working for most Americans and told a crowd near Columbus that there is a right way and a wrong way toward economic progress . "  I know what it takes to get this economy going again . I care about the people of America , " Romney said . "  And the difference between me and President Obama is I know what to do and I will do what it takes to get this economy going . " At the American Spring Wire plant in Bedford Heights , Romney took a hard line against China over currency manipulation , saying it has pushed U.S. jobs overseas . He said , as president , he would adopt policies favorable to manufacturing in response to lost employment . Manipulating currency can make doing business overseas cheaper . "  And that is why one thing I will do from day one is label China a currency manipulator . They must not steal jobs in an unfair way . " The Obama administration alleges China has illegally subsidized automotive exports and undercut American suppliers . Ohio is a manufacturing center for auto parts . Industry research shows that 800,000 jobs in Ohio are tied to the auto industry , which also has railed against Chinese currency policies . Obama said his opponent 's rhetoric on China was disingenuous . "  He says he 's gon na take the fight to them , he 's going to go after these cheaters , and I 've got to admit , that message is better than what he has actually done about this thing , " Obama said at Bowling Green State University . "  It sounds better than talking about all the years he spent profiting from companies that sent our jobs to China . The candidates also diverged on tax policy and the deficit . Obama vs. Romney : How they 'd handle the $ 7 trillion fiscal cliff Obama said Romney 's economic policies - trickle down economics - would not work . Instead , Obama said he wanted to grow the economy "  from the middle out , " not the top down , to chip away at the budget deficit . "  I want to keep taxes low for middle class families and working class families , but if we want to close the deficit , we have to ask people like me to spend a little bit more , " Obama said . Obama won Ohio by five points in 2008 , but the GOP answered back big in the 2010 midterm elections and took back the governor 's office and five House seats held by Democrats . Early voting in Ohio starts on October 2 , a day before the first presidential debate in Denver . Why Romney is losing must-win Ohio As both Romney and Obama campaigned through Ohio , a Quinnipiac/CBS News/New York Times poll indicated the president leading Romney 53 % -43 % among likely voters in the state . Ohio , with 18 electoral votes , is crucial to winning the White House . In modern times , no Republican has won the presidency without carrying the state . It put George W. Bush over the top in his 2004 re-election and Obama won it four years ago by five points . The Quinnipiac University/CBS News/New York Times survey in Florida indicates the president at 53 % and Romney at 44 % . Florida is another state that Obama turned from red to blue four years ago . Some partisan polling indicates a closer contest . In Pennsylvania , the new Quinnipiac University/CBS News/New York Times survey puts the president at 54 % and the former Massachusetts governor at 42 % . Fresh polls give Obama the advantage in four crucial battlegrounds Poll : Obama up by five points in Ohio CNN 's Kevin Liptak , Ashley Killough , Rachel Streitfeld and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report	NEW : Romney releases new campaign advertisement on the economy NEW : Obama and Romney challenge each other on China trade , key issue in Ohio Latest poll numbers show uphill battle in swing states for Romney Ohio has chosen the winning presidential candidate since 1964
Less than a week after drug lord Rafael Caro Quintero was released from prison because of procedural errors , the Mexican government wants him locked up . The office of the Mexican attorney general late Wednesday said that it has issued a warrant for "  provisional detention , " acting on a request from the United States . A Mexican judge signed off on the request . Once Caro Quintero is detained , the office said , the United States will have 60 days to formally request his extradition . Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam earlier said his office would review the decision of a Mexican appeals court to release the trafficker . Caro Quintero had served 28 years when he was freed Friday because he was tried in the federal system , when his crimes should have been dealt with at the state level . He was convicted of torturing and killing U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agent Enrique "  Kiki " Camarena in 1985 , but the appeals court dismissed that conviction . "  I am studying the reasons of why he was freed , " Murillo said . "  The attorney general 's office will use the resources available to it ... to avoid this type of impunity . " The attorney general told journalists that there was no extradition request in place at the time that Caro Quintero was freed , and it is unclear whether any such request has been filed since last week , according to the state-run Notimex news agency . When asked by CNN , neither the U.S. State Department nor the Justice Department would say whether they had requested Caro Quintero 's arrest . Caro Quintero remained on the DEA 's most-wanted list during his incarceration in Mexico . Because the appeals court had vacated his conviction for Camarena 's murder , any extradition request would have to be for other crimes , Murillo said , according to Notimex . The ruling also dismissed accusations against Caro Quintero of the killings of two other Americans -- John Clay Walker of Minneapolis and Albert Radelat of Fort Worth . The family of one of the Americans killed says they were targeted in retaliation for DEA drug raids . A conviction for drug trafficking was upheld , but Caro Quintero had already completed the prison sentence for that crime , the ruling said . He was indicted in the Central District of California in 1988 on racketeering charges , which were eventually augmented with charges of kidnapping and murder of a federal agent . A second indictment in the same district charges Caro Quintero with conspiracy to import and distribute cocaine and marijuana . He also was indicted in the District of Arizona on drug trafficking charges .	Mexican authorities seeking "  provisional detention " of Caro Quintero Mexico 's attorney general says that Caro Quintero 's release amounts to impunity Caro Quintero , who had served 28 years , was released because of procedural errors
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Jon Hamm has a confession to make : He hates his hair . Jon Hamm poses with his partner , Jennifer Westfeldt , at the premiere of "  The Day the Earth Stood Still . " That may come as a surprise to fans of the actor , whose slick-backed hair is part of his signature look on "  Mad Men " -- the show that just earned him another Golden Globe nomination for best actor in a TV drama . In the new movie "  The Day the Earth Stood Still , " Hamm sports a slightly different ` do , with his bangs combed rakishly over one eye . It was in the context of promoting the sci-fi remake that Hamm revealed his tonsorial frustration . "  It 's the bane of my existence . Goofy hair , " he said in a self-deprecating interview with CNN . "  It never looks good ... It 's a pain . " Hamm says he 's always worn his hair long , but had to cut it for AMC 's TV series , in which he plays a 1960s Madison Avenue ad executive . He says stylists on the show , armed with hair spray and blow dryers , mold his coiffure into a hard shell . Helmet hair has come in handy at work . "  I 've had a piece of the set fall on my head and my hair did n't move , " he said . "  I had seven stitches in my head and my hair did n't move . That 's impressive . " Whether it 's his hair , good looks , acting chops or a combination thereof , Hamm 's star is on the rise in Hollywood . Apart from his co-starring role in "  The Day the Earth Stood Still , " Hamm recently completed work on the murder mystery "  The Boy in the Box . " He hosted "  Saturday Night Live " this fall , he 's due to play Tina Fey 's love interest on "  30 Rock " and he continues to receive accolades for his work on "  Mad Men "  nominations for an Emmy and a Golden Globe so far  . How does that make Hamm feel ? "  Exciting is the right way to say it . It 's been a good year . It 's very exciting , " he said . "  I get to read a lot more scripts . I get to meet interesting people . I get to work with interesting people ... It 's fun to be sort of invited to the party . "	"  Mad Men " star Jon Hamm earned another Golden Globe nomination Hamm says hair is a pain -- especially short and lacquered for "  Mad Men " Actor currently appearing in "  The Day the Earth Stood Still "
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- People sift through debris in the dark , wading through murky puddles formed after frequent , heavy rain showers . Along some streets , groups sit among the stinking piles of wreckage , huddled around small fires cooking food . This is life in Tacloban . Or , more accurately , people 's attempts to hold onto life . So much has changed over the past six days in this Philippine city on the Pacific Ocean , some 575 kilometers  360 miles  southeast of Manila . That 's when , early last Friday , Super Typhoon Haiyan stormed through with sustained winds of 315 kph  195 mph  , and gusts of 380 kph  235 mph  . Aid , troops head to Philippines , but will it be enough ? The evidence of Haiyan 's power is everywhere : Most buildings are damaged , if not destroyed . Bloated corpses of dogs lie on the ground , next to body bags containing human remains . While the intensity surprised some , most residents knew something big was coming . May May Gula , 30 , was among those who 'd heeded officials ' warnings and taken shelter at the Tacloban Convention Center . She and some others managed to get to the building 's higher levels when the devastating storm surge roared in from the sea . That last move may have saved their lives . Many who remained on the ground floor were killed or injured , according to Gula and her friend Lina Reforzado . By Thursday , Gula and her relatives huddled in a room on the building 's ground floor along with members of seven other families . Their homes destroyed , they and others have transformed the building into a living space of sorts . Clothes hang from the upper floors , and makeshift shelters constructed from storm debris have sprung up around it . Man 's desperate search for wife , child in Philippines Finally on Thursday , they tasted rice -- the staple of Filipinos ' diets -- for the first time in a week , after it was given out at the convention center for the first time since the typhoon struck . But they said they did n't know when the next delivery might come . Nor do they know what they 'll do , or where they 'll go from here . Said Gula : "  We really do n't know what we 're going to do next . " There are flickers of "  normal " life around Tacloban . A pig shrieking as it 's being pushed into a building for slaughter . An animal carcass butchered in front of another structure . A few vendors selling pork . But for most , food remains desperately scarce . At the airport , you see large groups hoping to leave this shattered city . A queue of people , taking shelter from the fierce sun and intermittent rain under colorful umbrellas , snakes out of the remnants of the terminal building and into the wreckage-laden parking area . Some seem particularly in need of a quick exit . One man stands holding an intravenous drip for his wife , who sits on a chair clutching a pallid young child . No one knows whether they 'll make it out before it 's too late . How to help CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Tacloban , Philippines , was devastated by Typhoon Haiyan Some sought shelter at convention center , which was hit by storm surge Rice is handed out there for the first time since the massive storm People line up at the airport , hoping to leave the city
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters battled riot police in downtown Seoul early Sunday morning after a rally opposing South Korea 's decision to import U.S. beef turned violent . More than 100 were wounded , the state news agency reported . Police use a water cannon to disperse protesters during a rally against U.S. beef imports in Seoul on Sunday . Clashes broke out after more than 15,000 protesters headed toward the presidential office , news agency Yonhap said . The demonstrators used ropes to pull down police buses that had been parked around the presidential office to block the marchers from entering . Many carried steel pipes and hurled rocks at officers . Police fired back with water cannons and fire extinguishers . South Koreans have protested regularly since April when the government announced it would resume importing beef from the United States after a five-year ban . That ban was instituted over a case of mad cow disease in 2003 . Watch police and protesters battle in streets " The widespread public protests essentially paralyzed the government of President Lee Myung-bak , who replaced seven top aides this month and plans to reshuffle his cabinet . After a series of negotiations , Seoul and Washington came up with a revised agreement on June 21 -- one that limits imports to cattle less than 30 months old . Animals more than 30 months old are considered at a greater risk for mad cow disease , which can be transmitted to humans . The revised agreement also excludes the import of certain parts believed more susceptible to mad cow disease . The initial deal would have allowed the import of all U.S. beef imports . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , during a visit to visit to Seoul as part of an Asian tour , emphasized Saturday that American beef is safe and that her government will continue efforts to win consumer confidence . The assurance did little to placate demonstrators who took to the streets late Saturday night , leading to the latest riots . Scientists believe mad cow disease spreads when farmers feed cattle recycled meat and bones from infected animals . The U.S. banned recycled feeds in 1997 . Eating meat products contaminated with the illness has been linked to variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , a rare and fatal malady in humans . Until the 2003 ban , South Korea was the third-largest market for U.S. beef exporters . The U.S. beef industry has lost up to $ 4 billion since the market closed , according to the U.S. Meat Export Federation . The imports are expected to resume this month .	About 15,000 people stage street demonstration in Seoul Rally turned violent after some protesters tried to drag away police buses Riot police fired water cannons and sprayed fire extinguishers to repel them
CNN  -- In Japanese legend they are known as The Kamikaze -- the divine winds -- a reference to two mighty typhoons placed providentially seven years apart which , in the 13th century , destroyed two separate Mongol invasion fleets so large they were not eclipsed until the D-Day landings of World War II . Marine archaeologists now say they have uncovered the remains of a ship from the second fleet in 1281 -- believed to have comprised 4,400 vessels -- a meter below the seabed , in 25 meters of water off the coast of Nagasaki , Japan . Scientists are hoping they will be able to recreate the complete Yuan Dynasty vessel from Kublai Khan 's lost fleet using a 12-meter-long section of keel . The Mongols ruled China from 1271 to 1368 . According to Yoshifumi Ikeda , a professor of archaeology at Okinawa 's University of the Ryukyus , and head of the research team , the section could go a long way to helping researchers identify all the characteristics of the 20-meter warship . "  This discovery was of major importance for our research , " Ikeda told a news conference . "  We are planning to expand search efforts and find further information that can help us restore the whole ship . " Discovered using ultrasound equipment , the research team says it is the first wreck from the period to have an intact hull , the planks of which are still attached to the keel with nails . Scientists say its good state of preservation -- they were even able to establish that the planks were originally painted a whitish-gray -- is due to the fact it has been covered by sand . "  I believe we will be able to understand more about shipbuilding skills at the time as well as the actual situation of exchanges in East Asia , " Ikeda told reporters in Nagasaki . How to survive a shipwreck More than 4,000 artifacts , including ceramic shards , bricks used for ballast , cannonballs and stone anchors have been found in the vicinity of the wreck , linking it to the Yuan Dynasty invasion fleet . Ikeda said there were no immediate plans to salvage the hull and the first step was to conserve the find by covering the sites with nets . The Kamikaze -- perhaps better known as the nickname given to the Japanese suicide pilots of the Pacific War -- were a nation-defining event for Japan and set the limits of Mongol expansion in the east . Historians say the first Chinese attempt to invade Japan in 1274 ended in disaster . Having initially engaged a numerically superior Japanese samurai force at the Battle of Bun ` ei in First Battle of Hakata Bay , the Chinese retreated to their fleet of 300 ships and some 500 smaller craft after just one day of battle on land . A typhoon destroyed a third of the fleet that night and the remnants limped back to port in Korea which was then a vassal state of China . Seven years later , Kublai Khan amassed an impressive armada of 4,400 ships carrying 40,000 Korean , Mongol and Chinese troops in a bid to finally subjugate Japan . The Japanese , convinced of a second invasion , had spent the intervening years building strategic seawalls which made it difficult for the Chinese to land . Unable to gain a beachhead after initially taking the island of Iki and Tsushima , the fleet was decimated by a two-day typhoon that hit the Tsushima Straits . It is believed about 80 % of the fleet was destroyed and the Khan 's troops either drowned at sea or slaughtered on the beaches by samurai . According to a contemporary account cited in the book "  Khubilai Khan 's lost fleet : In Search of a Legendary Armada , " by maritime archaeologist James P. Delgado , the losses were so great that "  a person could walk across from one point of land to another on a mass of wreckage " .	Marine archaeologists have found a shipwreck dating from the 13th century off the coast of Japan The vessel is thought to have been part of Kublai Khan 's massive invasion fleet More than 4,000 artifacts , including pottery shards , cannonballs and anchors were found near the wreck
Atlanta  CNN  -- Hickory Ridge landfill was once a mountain of trash sitting idle on the outskirts of Atlanta , Georgia . But now , with its 10 acres of solar panels , the old landfill has been given a new lease of "  green " life . "  When a landfill is  finished with  taking waste , it basically is dormant and there 's not a lot of uses for the property , " says David Stuart , area environmental manager of landfill owners , Republic Services , Inc. . "  But its natural attributes -- being a tall structure , out of the shadows of the tree line -- gives it a unique advantage as a solar project , " he added . The Spectral PowerCap designed by the Carlisle Energy Services is lined with 7,000 flexible solar strips which produces one megawatt of energy . The electricity generated is collected in each panel much like a solar calculator would , says Stuart . But rather than powering a keyboard it goes towards helping power the local grid . Beneath the solar panels , gas pumps have been driven deep into the ground collecting methane gas , which is also used for power production . The liner made of thermoplastic polyurethane is similar to that used on commercial rooftops and is designed to keep water out and methane gas in . As the waste breaks down the liner flexes to maintain a snug fit . Installing the solar panels is initially more expensive than the usual method of closing landfills , but the solar liner pays off with lower maintenance costs . And if there are any problems that happen with the landfill liner system its very visible and very easy to repair . A similar solar landfill project is underway in Madison County , New York where the energy generated from the eight acres of panels is being used to run the recycling center next door . According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency there are around 100,000 closed landfills in the U.S. providing thousands of acres of property that could be used for renewable energy development . Many are close to urban areas and power lines . Landfills are a constant reminder of the waste we produce but projects like these could help dispose of the view that they are simply costly eyesores .	Former landfill in the U.S. using solar sheets to power local homes Ten acres of plastic sheets fitted with photovoltaic cells Waterproof sheets also trap methane which is also collected EPA estimate there are 100,000 closed landfills in the U.S.
CNN  -- Six Russian soldiers were killed and another 12 injured by an explosion during the disposal of ammunition at a firing range , the Russian Defense Ministry said Tuesday . A commission , led by Southern Military District Commander General Alexander Galkin , has been ordered to the scene at the Ashuluk firing range by Russian Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov , a press statement said . Criminal and military investigators were dispatched to the explosion site , which is located in the southern region of Astrakhan , according to the Russian Investigative Committee . The explosion is the third this summer at a Russian munitions depot . In early June , a series of explosions and a subsequent fire at an artillery depot in the region of Bashkortostan injured twelve people and burned down 40 buildings . One hundred people were left homeless . A day later , fifty-seven people were treated for injuries related to a fire at an army munitions depot in Russia 's western Ural Mountains region , authorities said . It started after munitions stored in wooden containers exploded , said Grigory Rapota , the plenipotentiary representative in the region for Russian President Dmitry Medvedev . The fire forced the evacuations of 28,000 people within a 10-kilometer  6.2 mile  radius of the depot at the military base in Pugachevo , located east of Moscow .	The explosion occurred during the disposal of ammunition An investigation is ordered by the Russian Defense Minister It 's the 3rd blast at a Russian munitions depot this summer
CNN Student News  -- April 12 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day When relaying a story to someone , is video the best form of proof ? Or can you think of a better kind of evidence ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . What U.S. state is sometimes known as the "  Land of Lincoln " ? * * 2 . Who is the current leader of North Korea ? * * 3 . What ancient empire once reached three continents and ruled over one out of every four people on Earth ? * * 4 . Who was the only woman who has served as the United Kingdom 's prime minister ? * * 5 . What Supreme Court case , decided in 1954 , led to the integration of many U.S. schools ? * * 6 . Capt. Emil Kapaun posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions as chaplain during what war ? * * 7 . What ship was the fastest ocean liner to cross the Atlantic ? * * 8 . On what continent would you find the Karakoram mountain range ? * * 9 . What color jacket is awarded to the winner of the Masters Golf Tournament ? * * 10 . Uhuru Kenyatta was recently inaugurated as president of what African country ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- The United States and its allies are n't "  blind " or "  stupid " when it comes to negotiations with Iran , Washington 's top diplomat said Sunday after nuclear talks with the Islamic republic broke up without an agreement . "  We are absolutely determined that this would be a good deal , or there 'll be no deal , " Secretary of State John Kerry told NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  This is a new overture , and it has to be put to the test very , very carefully , " he added . But Israel 's prime minister cheered the failure of the talks , saying the agreement reportedly on the table would have been a "  jackpot " for Iran . Iran 's president , meanwhile , tried to reassure his parliament that he wo n't trade away Tehran 's ability to produce nuclear fuel in any agreement to lift international sanctions . After two days of foreign minister-level talks , negotiations between Iran and the five U.N. Security Council members plus Germany ended in Geneva , Switzerland , early Sunday . The European Union 's foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton , told reporters , "  A lot of concrete progress has been achieved , but some differences remain . " Negotiations are set to resume November 20 , with Ashton and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif attending . "  I think we are all on the same wavelength , and that 's important , " Zarif said . "  And that gives us the impetus to go forward . " Iran insists its aims are peaceful Iran has refused U.N. Security Council demands to halt its production of enriched uranium , which can be used to power nuclear reactors or in extremely high concentrations , to make an atomic bomb . It insists it wants to build civilian power plants , but Western powers and Israel accuse it of harboring ambitions for a nuclear weapon . U.N. inspectors reported in 2011 that they could no longer verify the Iranian program was strictly peaceful . Iran 's refusal to stop enriching uranium has led to sanctions that have crippled its economy , slashing its crude oil exports and triggering widespread inflation at home . But President Hassan Rouhani , whose overtures to the West since taking office in August raised hopes of a deal , said Sunday that Tehran has its own "  red lines " that his government wo n't cross . "  The rights of the Iranian nation and national interests are our red lines , and those rights include nuclear rights within the framework of international law , as well as enrichment on Iranian soil , " Rouhani told lawmakers , according to the semi-official Fars news agency . But nonproliferation expert Joseph Cirincione told CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " that the outlines of a deal appear clear , and he expected one would be clinched "  very soon . " "  We 've seen some remarkable developments over the last couple days , including the normalization of U.S and Iranian dialogue , " Cirincione said . "  We now take it for granted that the secretary of state should talk to Iran 's foreign minister , but that had n't happened in 34 years until last September . " What 's on the table in talks Two senior U.S. administration officials said that in the proposal on the table , Iran would agree to stop enriching uranium to a concentration of 20 % -- well above the level needed to fuel a nuclear power plant , though still far below what 's needed to produce a nuclear weapon . Tehran would render most of its existing stockpile of 20 % enriched uranium unusable under the proposal . In addition , it would agree not to use its advanced IR-2 centrifuges , which can operate five times faster than older models used in its enrichment plants . And it would n't activate a heavy-water reactor at Arak , which can be used to produce plutonium . That 's a demand that France in particular insisted upon , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said . Iran 's nuclear capabilities The officials said that in return , the P5 +1 powers of the United States , Britain , France , Russia , China and Germany would unfreeze some Iranian assets held in banks overseas and consider easing sanctions banning trade in gold , precious metals and petrochemicals . Other sweeteners were also under consideration , they said . One of the officials said the deal was designed to delay the point at which Iran could develop a nuclear weapon while providing temporary , reversible sanctions relief . But Fabius told radio station France Inter on Saturday that while Paris wanted a deal , it would n't agree to a "  fool 's game " -- and that the proposal on the table at that time was unsatisfactory . "  Thank God for France , " U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham , a leading Republican who is pushing for another round of sanctions on Iran , told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " The Democratic chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez , told ABC 's "  This Week " that the United States "  ca n't want the deal more than Iranians . " Graham : New sanctions on Iran needed And Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who had criticized the negotiations last week , told CBS 's "  Face the Nation " that Iran should have to dismantle its existing centrifuges and the Arak reactor as part of any agreement . "  Iran gives practically nothing , and it gets a hell of a lot . That 's not a good deal , " Netanyahu said . He said other Arab states shared his opinion . "  And you know , when you have the Arabs and Israelis speaking in one voice -- it does n't happen very often -- I think it 's worth paying attention to . " Kerry : We know what we 're doing Kerry told NBC that critics are underestimating the negotiators . "  Some of the most serious and capable , expert people in our government , who have spent a lifetime dealing both with Iran as well as with nuclear weapon and nuclear armament and proliferation , are engaged in our negotiation . We are not blind , and I do n't think we 're stupid , " Kerry said . "  I think we have a pretty strong sense of how to measure whether or not we are acting in the interests of our country and of the globe , and particularly of our allies like Israel and Gulf states and others in the region . " The State Department dispatched a top Kerry deputy , Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman , to Jerusalem to discuss the Geneva talks with Israeli officials , a senior State Department official told reporters on condition of anonymity . For years , international leaders have been fearful of the instability a nuclear-armed Iran could bring to the Middle East . Those fears , for example , include the possibility of a pre-emptive Israeli strike that could spark a broader conflict . In the past , Iran has threatened Israel with military attack . They also include concerns that an Iranian bomb could spur other countries in the region to seek nuclear weapons of their own , leading to a spiraling arms race in the region . Israel is widely believed to possess nuclear weapons , though it has never declared itself to be a nuclear power . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto , Karl Penhaul , Elise Labott and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	"  This would be a good deal , or there 'll be no deal , " Secretary of State John Kerry says Nuclear talks with Iran broke up without agreement early Sunday French FM says Paris was n't interested in a "  fool 's game " President Hassan Rouhani says Iran wo n't trade uranium enrichment
CNN  -- Andre Villas-Boas ' troubles as Chelsea manager deepened on Saturday as he watched his side go down to a 1-0 defeat at West Bromwich Albion in the English Premier League . An 82nd minute strike by defender Gareth McAuley was enough to sent the Blues ' crashing to a seventh league defeat . The result also means they lose ground on London rivals Arsenal in the race to finish fourth place and secure Champions League football next season . "  It was n't good enough and it 's not been good enough for quite some time . We do n't win enough games and they are not numbers that make us proud . In football there is joy and there is pain , " Villas-Boas told BBC Sport after the game . Robin van Persie 's deft injury-time volley gave Arsenal all three points against Liverpool at Anfield . Liverpool were awarded a penalty in the 19th minute when Tomasz Szczesny brought down Luis Suarez , but made amends palming Dirk Kuyt 's spot kick to safety . But four minutes later the Reds went ahead when Laurent Koscielny turned the ball into his own net as he tried to divert Jordan Henderson 's cross . But the lead did n't last long as van Persie headed home his first from a Bacary Sagna cross in the 31st minute . The game looked to be heading for a draw when the Dutch striker caressed the ball past Pepe Reina in the second minute of injury time to leave Liverpool 10 points adrift of a Champions League place . Arsenal are now three points clear of Chelsea in fourth place with 49 points . League leaders Manchester City enjoyed a comfortable 2-0 win against Bolton Wanderers at the Etihad Stadium . A 23rd-minute own goal by Icelandic defender Gretar Steinsson handed Roberto Mancini 's team the lead . Mario Balotelli 's 14th goal of the season in the 69th minute ensured all three points and a five-point lead at the top of the table . Nearest rivals Manchester United play Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on Sunday . Bolton remain mired in trouble , level on 20 points with bottom side Wigan who also lost on Saturday going down 2-0 at home to Swansea City who despite the win stay in 14th place with 33 points . Stoke City made it back-to-back wins in the league with 1-0 victory over Norwich at the Britannia Stadium -- a result which keeps them in eighth place . Queens Park Rangers drew 1-1 with Everton at Loftus Road to rise to 16th in the table . West Brom 's win means Everton drop to 11th . An 85th-minute header from David Dunn earned Blackburn Rovers a point against Aston Villa who took the lead through Charles N'Zogbia in the 24th minute . Steve Keen 's team remain in 18th with 22 points while Villa stay in 15th . Newcastle United take on Sunderland in the northeast derby on Sunday while Wolves travel to Fulham .	Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas under further pressure after 1-0 defeat at West Brom Robin van Persie brace hands Arsenal 2-1 win over Liverpool at Anfield League leaders Manchester City move five points clear with 2-0 win over Bolton
CNN  -- Last week 's Thailand Open champion Guillermo Garcia-Lopez continued his fine run of recent form by reaching the quarterfinals of the Japan Open in Tokyo on Wednesday . The world number 39 , who beat Rafael Nadal in the Thailand semifinals last week , saw off another Spaniard -- sixth seed Feliciano Lopez -- 7-6 6-4 to move into the last eight . Czech Radek Stepanek is also through to the quarters after Swiss opponent Marco Chiudinelli retired due to a lower back injury . Stepanek was leading 5-7 7-6 4-1 and had hit 12 aces after two hours and 24 minutes of action . Meanwhile , Russian Dmitry Tursunov defeated 2007 runner-up Richard Gasquet 7-6 1-6 6-4 in two hours and four minutes reach his first ATP Tour quarterfinal since July 2009 at Indianapolis . Tursunov will now play either world number one Nadal or Milos Raonic of Canada for a semifinal place . Elsewhere , recent Metz Open winner Gilles Simon has reached the last eight of the China Open after fighting back to beat German qualifier Michael Berrer , the conqueror of Tomas Berdych in the first round , in three tough sets . The Frenchman scraped through 6-7 6-4 7-6 in three hours and seven minutes , with the help of 16 aces . American John Isner is also through to the quarterfinals after winning a big-serving encounter against Philipp Kohlschreiber of Germany 7-6 3-6 6-3 . Russian fourth seed Nikolay Davydenko continued his progress with a 7-5 7-5 success over Marin Cilic of Croatia , while top seed Novak Djokovic was handed a bye into the last eight when opponent Mardy Fish was forced to withdraw with an injury to his left ankle .	Thailand Open champion Guillermo Garcia-Lopez continues his fine run of form He sees off saw off sixth seed Feliciano Lopez 7-6 6-4 to move into the last eight Czech Radek Stepanek and Russian Dmitry Tursunov also through to the last eight
COLORADO CITY , Arizona  CNN  -- A 16-year-old girl in Arizona has alleged sexual abuse in a Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints community , sources in Arizona told CNN Friday . Warren Jeffs is the jailed leader of FLDS groups in Arizona , Utah , Texas and elsewhere . Authorities are investigating calls made by a teenage girl alleging abuse in her home by a male relative , according to the sources , who said the calls were similar to those made last week to Texas authorities from the polygamist sect 's ranch in Eldorado , Texas . The Texas calls prompted a law enforcement raid in which more than 400 children were taken into state custody . The sources told CNN the Arizona calls came from a teenager in an FLDS household . Church members openly practice polygamy in Colorado City and in Hildale , Utah -- two towns straddling the Arizona-Utah state line . Warren Jeffs , the 52-year-old leader and "  prophet " of the 10,000-member sect , was convicted in Utah last year on two counts of being an accomplice to rape , charges related to a marriage he performed in 2001 . He faces trial in Arizona on eight charges of sexual conduct with a minor , incest and conspiracy . Critics of the sect say it forces girls as young as 13 into arranged marriages . E-mail to a friend	Authorities investigate calls by girl alleging abuse by male relative Calls reportedly similar to those that sparked raid at Texas polygamist ranch Arizona polygamist sect also led by jailed "  prophet " Warren Jeffs More than 400 children removed from sect 's compound in Texas
CNN  -- Country singer Trace Adkins suffered "  a setback in his battle with alcoholism " and has entered a rehab facility for help , his representative told CNN on Thursday . Adkins , 52 , was on the "  Country Cruising " cruise in the Caribbean this week , according to the cruise line 's website . On Sunday as the ship sailed out of Miami to start the trip to Mexico , Adkins posted a tweet : "  Up here in my suite , overlooking the pools . Behave yourselves . " His shipboard shows and the voyage were scheduled to end this weekend , but his representative confirmed to CNN that the singer is no longer on the cruise . "  Trace has entered a treatment facility after a setback in his battle with alcoholism , " his rep said . "  As he faces these issues head on , we ask that his family 's privacy will be respected . " Adkins , who towers above most people at 6-foot-6 , worked as a pipe-fitter on an offshore drilling rig before becoming a country music star in the mid-1990s . He is a member of the Grand Ole Opry . He 's sold about 10 million albums in the past two decades . His top hits include "  Ladies Love Country Boys " and "  You 're Gon na Miss This . " His autobiography -- "  A Personal Stand : Observations and Opinions from a Freethinking Roughneck , " published in 2007 -- details a long list of close calls with death and battles with personal demons . His tough-guy image helped when he was cast as a biker in the movie "  The Lincoln Lawyer " with Matthew McConaughey in 2011 . He is the father of five daughters , but told CNN 's Piers Morgan in 2011 that he would never win a father of the year award because of the demands of his career keeping him from his family . Adkins was a finalist on NBC 's "  Celebrity Apprentice " in 2008 , but lost out to Piers Morgan . He won the "  All-star Celebrity Apprentice " last May , raising $ 1.7 million for his charity , the American Red Cross . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Adkins left the "  Country Cruising " cruise for rehab Rep : "  As he faces these issues head on , we ask that his family 's privacy will be respected " He was a pipe-fitter on an offshore rig before becoming a country music star Adkins has sold about 10 million albums in the past two decades
CNN  -- Shouting condemnation and promises of retaliation , Syria , Iran and Hezbollah on Thursday condemned Israel 's decision to send warplanes into Syria , calling its airstrike a day before "  inhuman " and "  barbaric . " Russia also condemned Wednesday 's attack , saying it would represent an unprovoked violation of United Nations charter if confirmed . Syria 's Foreign Ministry summoned the commander of U.N. forces in the Golan Heights on Thursday to formally complain about the incident , while Iran 's deputy foreign minister , Hossein Amir Abdollahian , warned the attack would have "  dire consequences " for Israel , according to Iran 's semiofficial Mehr News Agency . Just last week , Abdollahian warned that Iran would consider any attack on Syria as an attack on itself , Mehr reported at the time . Meanwhile , a U.S. official said reports that Israel had struck a Syrian research facility were wrong , instead saying warplanes hit only one target : a convoy carrying surface-to-air missiles . A source said Wednesday that Israeli fighter jets had struck a Syrian convoy suspected of moving Russian-made missile parts that could have been used to attack Israel . A senior U.S. official said the weapons were bound for the militant group Hezbollah in Lebanon . Syria and Iran back the group , which the United States has designated as a terrorist organization . World leaders seeks $ 1.5 billion for afflicted Syrians However , Syria 's military said Wednesday and again Thursday in state-run media that Israel had struck at a defense research facility near the capital of Damascus , killing two workers and injuring five others . The report in Syrian state media tied the attack to Syria 's ongoing rebellion , saying Israel struck the site after repeated attempts by what the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad refers to as terrorist groups failed to capture the facility . Experts say al-Assad 's regime is faltering after nearly two years of fending off the persistent rebellion , and a former high-ranking Israeli Intelligence official said Hezbollah probably wants to take hold of all the weapons it can before that happens . Providing Hezbollah with Syrian arms would better equip it to attack Israel , the official said . In recent years , Syria has transferred to Hezbollah Scud missiles that can carry chemical weapons . U.S. authorities say they do not believe the strike was linked to growing concerns about Syria 's chemical weapons , the senior U.S. official said Wednesday . The attack was not particularly surprising , said senior Brookings Institution fellow Michael O'Hanlon . "  At first glance , it likely wo n't be seen as a large escalation , though there 's still a possibility for retaliation . " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland and White House spokesman Jay Carney declined to comment on the airstrike Wednesday . Carney referred questions to Israel , which also has been tight-lipped about the strike . Teen refugee : Prince Charming is dead On Thursday , Syria took its case against Israel to Maj. Gen. Iqbal Singh Singha , the commander of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force in the Golan Heights , former Syrian territory seized by Israel in 1967 . Foreign Ministry officials demanded a U.N. response to the incident , which it said violates the U.N. charter and the 1974 agreement between Syria and Israel negotiated after the Yom Kippur War . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's office issued a statement Thursday expressing "  grave concern " about the incident , but said U.N. officials lacked details about exactly what had happened . Russia , a Syrian ally , said it also had "  grave concern " about Wednesday 's airstrike . "  If the information is confirmed , we are dealing with unprovoked attacks on targets situated on the territory of a sovereign state that grossly violates the U.N. Charter and is unacceptable whatever motives are used to justify it , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said Thursday . Iran also backed its close ally . The semiofficial Iranian Student News Agency quoted Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi as saying the attack was "  in line with the West 's policies of undermining the victories of the Syrian government . " Syria 's ambassador to Lebanon , Ali Abdul Karim , said Syria reserves the right to a "  surprise retaliation " against Israel , according to Hezbollah 's official website , Moqawama . "  I can not predict this , and this depends on the relevant authorities to decide on appropriate retaliation and decide the manner and place , " Moqawama quoted him as saying . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : United Nations secretary-general expresses "  grave concern " about airstrike Iran , Russia and Hezbollah condemn the attack Syrian reports that strike hit research center are wrong , U.S. official says Sources say the airstrike hit a convoy hauling missile parts
CNN  -- Ukraine 's Foreign Mnister Andrii Deshchytsya on Monday asserted that the situation in his country "  is almost like ... a war . " With Russian forces effectively having taken control of Crimea , this is Europe 's biggest geopolitical crisis for at least two decades . Russia is currently drafting counter-proposals to a U.S. plan for a negotiated solution . This will seek to challenge Washington 's support for the new government in Kiev that Moscow believes was installed in a coup and has plunged a significant part of the country into chaos . From Washington 's perspective , Russian troops  up to 25,000 would normally be stationed in Crimea , according to Russian state media , but it 's unclear how many are in the region now . Ukrainian authorities have said more Russian soldiers have come into Crimea  must pull back from Ukraine . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is also attempting to secure support for the placement of international monitors , and has also called for Moscow to use its influence to stop the March 16 referendum in Crimea  which was annexed into the Ukraine in 1956 by Soviet leader Nikita Khruschev  on whether it should join the Russian Federation . In seeking to frame Russia 's actions in Crimea , various historical analogies with Nazi Germany have been made , including last week by former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The use of analogies by politicians in international crises is commonplace . In the complexity and uncertainty of fast moving day-to-day events , policymakers often seek to draw what they perceive as key lessons of the past in seeking to guide and provide rationales for their actions . For much of the period since the 1970s , for instance , many U.S. officials were fearful of "  another Vietnam " referring to the disastrous U.S. intervention in that Asian country . This tended to reduce willingness to deploy U.S. military force internationally unless any action  such as the 1991 Gulf War  had clear , attainable objectives that could swiftly be achieved with a minimum of casualties . The Vietnam debacle also became a key frame of reference when the U.S.-led intervention in Iraq faltered after 2003 . This was despite the fact that the two experiences  Iraq and Vietnam  were dissimilar in many respects , including the nature of the insurgencies , and U.S. objectives in each country . However , the most widely used historical analogy is that of Munich and Nazi Germany . The widely seen implication for foreign affairs of the ill-fated 1938 UK-French agreement with Adolf Hitler is that appeasement with aggressors does n't work . Numerous politicians claim to have been influenced by Munich , including George W. Bush during the "  war-on-terror , " Margaret Thatcher over the Falklands conflict , Lyndon Johnson concerning Vietnam , Anthony Eden and Guy Mollet during the Suez crisis , and Harry Truman over Korea . Moreover , the continuing salience of Munich is illustrated by the fact that , only last month , Philippine President Benigno Aquino compared what he claimed was China 's recent belligerent behaviour with Nazi Germany 's expansionism by openly questioning "  at what point do you say , ` Enough is enough ? ' " While military action appears to have been ruled out by Western policymakers in Ukraine , the fact that Munich is informing the thinking of some politicians is reflected in Clinton 's comments last week . She noted that "  the claims by President Putin and other Russians that they had to go into Crimea and maybe further into Eastern Ukraine because they had to protect the Russian minorities , this is reminiscent of claims that were made back in the 1930s when Germany under the Nazis kept talking about how they had to protect German minorities in Poland and Czechoslovakia and elsewhere throughout Europe . I just want everybody to have a little historic perspective . " These remarks , which were qualified by Clinton , have been supported by leading Republican Senators John McCain , the party 's 2008 presidential nominee , and Marco Rubio , who is widely anticipated to run for president in 2016 . McCain has gone even further , asserting that the emboldened stance of Russia in Crimea reflects the "  fecklessness " of the Obama administration 's foreign policy . While some see very strong similarities between Russia 's incursion into Ukraine , and Nazi Germany 's expansionism , the fact remains that use of analogies can be fraught with difficulty for policymakers . On a fundamental level , for instance , not all military actions end up like Vietnam , while not all diplomatic agreements turn out like Munich . As history shows , there is thus a danger that policymakers misinterpret past crises just as frequently as they learn the right lessons . For instance , Suez and Vietnam underscore how Munich was used to guide or justify major foreign policy blunders by the United States , the United Kingdom and France in the 1950s and 1960s . Another example is U.S. President John F. Kennedy during the Cuban Missile Crisis who was influenced by Barbara Tuchman 's "  The Guns of August " book . This argued that World War I started as a result of miscalculation and mistakes from all sides . Kennedy believed the events of October 1962 were reminiscent of the lead-up to that conflict and , wisely , sought to deploy a range of diplomatic options with the Soviets , overruling advice of military advisers for a quick military strike on Cuba . However , an increasing number of academics now believe that Germany actively sought war , and that Tuchman 's thesis is wrong . In this sense , it has been argued that Kennedy 's actions  which were prudent in the context of Cuba , and may have saved the world from nuclear war  were based on a misreading of World War I history . In the case of Ukraine , Munich is by no means the only historical lens through which to interpret what is happening in the country . And , even if it were , there are clear differences between the 1930s and today , including in the interdependence of the global economy , wider dissimilarities in the global balance of power , and the fact that Russia has an extensive stockpile of nuclear weapons . In the unpredictability and tension of the current moment , it is certainly the case that , like Kennedy in 1962 , calm , clear and careful decision-making is now needed by Western  and indeed Ukrainian  politicians as they think through the array of non-military options they have at their disposal , including sanctions . History can provide an especially useful framework in addressing similar or identical policy challenges , but to avoid potentially major misjudgement attention also needs to be given by policymakers to any significant differences between past and present conditions . INFOGRAPHIC : Comparing Ukraine and Russia 's military forces The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Hammond .	Andrew Hammond : Ukraine is Europe 's biggest geopolitical crisis for two decades Russia is drafting counter-proposals to a U.S. plan for a negotiated solution , he says Hammond : The use of analogies by politicians in international crises is commonplace The most widely used historical analogy is that of Munich and Nazi Germany , he writes
CNN  -- A diplomatic source told CNN that the courier who was in close contact with Osama bin Laden and who eventually led the United States to him was a Kuwaiti named Abu Ahmad . U.S. officials have said that when the identity of the courier -- who they have not named -- was established in 2007 the U.S. began a path to the house in Abbottabad , Pakistan , where the al Qaeda leader was living . Analysis of assessments of detainees held at the U.S. Navy 's detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , include several mentions of a man by the name of Abu Ahmad al Kuwaiti , who was reportedly close to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -- also a Kuwaiti . The information on the detainee assessments came from U.S. Defense Department documents published by WikiLeaks . Since the operation that killed bin Laden , U.S. officials have described the courier they were tracking as a protege of Mohammed and another senior member of al Qaeda , Abu Faraj al Libi , a Libyan detainee who was named as al Qaeda 's third most senior leader when he was captured in May 2005 . Bin Laden killing caps decade-long manhunt One assessment -- compiled in October 2008 -- concerns a Saudi citizen called Maad al Qathani , the man who was intended to be the "  20th hijacker " on 9/11 but who failed to gain entry to the United States . It said : "  Detainee is associated with other key al-Qaida members including senior operations planners Khalid Shaykh Muhammad . " The document later said that al Qathani "  received computer training from al-Qaida member Abu Ahmad al-Kuwaiti in preparation for his mission to the U.S. " Al Kuwaiti was then "  a senior al Qaeda facilitator and subordinate " of Mohammed . The assessment added : "  Al-Kuwaiti worked in the al-Qaida media house operated by KU-10024  Mohammed  in Kandahar and served as a courier . " No obvious replacement to succeed bin Laden as al Qaeda 's leader Al Qathani reportedly spent about three months in basic training with al Qaeda from December 2000 to February 2001 when he was introduced to bin Laden . Establishing al Qathani 's association with Mohammed , the assessment continued : "  Detainee stated UBL told him that since he  detainee  loved to serve his religion , he must go to KU-10024 , who will ask him to "  do things . " It was the first of several encounters with the al Qaeda leader , to whom al Qathani swore a personal oath of allegiance . The document established that al Kuwaiti was close to bin Laden and traveled with him . "  Al-Kuwaiti was seen in Tora Bora and it is possible al-Kuwaiti was one of the individuals detainee reported accompanying UBL in Tora Bora prior to UBL 's disappearance , " it says . In an assessment of al Qathani 's intelligence value , the document noted that he "  had access to the inner circles of al-Qaida through his interactions with senior al-Qaida members including UBL ,  Ayman al -  Zawahiri , KU-10024  Mohammed  and others . " Al-Zawahiri was al Qaeda 's No. 2 man under bin Laden . Another detainee assessment also mentioned al Kuwaiti . It was of an Indonesian member of al Qaeda called Riduan Isomuddin , who had spent nearly two years in the 1980s fighting jihad in Pakistan and Afghanistan . He also knew Mohammed , according to the assessment , which said that "  in November 2001 , detainee and his wife left Kandahar for Karachi . They stayed at the Abu Ahmad al Kuwaiti guest house for two weeks . " Al Qaeda operated a network of guest houses  or safe houses  in Afghanistan and Pakistan before and immediately after the 9/11 attacks . Isomuddin was captured in August 2003 in Thailand by a joint Thai-U.S. operation and is described in the assessment as a "  high-value detainee . " CNN has been unable to confirm with U.S. officials the identity of the courier , but several factors point to al Kuwaiti as the courier who inadvertently led the United States to bin Laden 's hiding place : al Kuwaiti 's reported history with the organization , his access to senior leaders , his description in the Guantanamo assessment as a courier , and the fact that he was never captured . CNN has been unable to establish whether he was at the compound when U.S. forces staged their raid or whether he was killed in the operation .	U.S. officials have said the identity of the courier was established in 2007 Once the courier was known the U.S. began a path to the house where bin Laden lived CNN unable to establish whether the courier was at the compound during raid Bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces early Monday
London  CNN  -- A notebook full of work-in-progress versions of some of Dylan Thomas 's key poems has been rediscovered more than 70 years after the poet 's mother-in-law ordered it to be burnt . The book , in Thomas 's cramped , neat handwriting , includes 19 poems in varying states of completion , some with large sections scratched out and revised , and offers a valuable insight into his creative process . Hailed as a "  terrific discovery " by one leading Thomas expert , the workbook is set to sell at auction for upwards of Â # 100,000  $ 156,430  , capping off the writer 's centenary year and tantalizing poetry scholars around the world . Thomas , one of the leading poets of the 20th Century , is thought to have discarded the notebook during a stay at the home of his mother-in-law , Yvonne Macnamara , at some point in the late 1930s . Thomas and Macnamara did not get on , and he wrote to a friend of his dislike for both her and the place -- Blashford in Hampshire -- in southern England . "  This flat English country levels the intelligence , planes down the imagination , narrows the a 's , my ears belch up old wax and misremembered passages of misunderstood music , I sit and hate my mother-in-law , glowering at her from corners and grumbling about her in the sad , sticky , quiet of the lavatory . " Macnamara gave the workbook to her maid , Louie King , and told her to dispose of it , but King opted to save it from the flames , and instead stashed it away for decades . A handwritten note from King on the cover explains : "  This Book of Poetry by Dylan Thomas was with a lot of papers given to me to burn in the kitchen boiler . I saved it and forgot all about it until I read of his death ... " King died in 1984 , and the book has remained among her family 's possessions , hidden away in a drawer ever since , and unknown to Thomas scholars who pore over every other scrap of his work . John Goodby , the editor of Thomas 's "  Collected Poems , " said the discovery was "  probably the most significant find since Thomas 's death in 1953 when various papers were bought up , and perhaps even since 1941 , when he sold some of his notebooks to the University at Buffalo . "  For some of the poems included , we 've never had manuscript versions before , and they show significant changes were made ; most of them are fair copies of finished poems , but some are more like worksheets -- they allow us to see how he arrived at a certain phrase , to see what he 's up to . " All the works included eventually made it into print , some in his first collection , "  18 Poems , " in 1934 , and the rest in his second anthology , "  25 Poems , " in 1936 , which suggests the manuscript dates to a critical point in his life . "  At this particular period in his career , his works are like abstract paintings or music : everything is about the words , the language -- they 're not anecdotes or narratives , " he explained , adding that Thomas had likely discarded the notebook because all the poems in it had been published : "  He 'd used it up . He was always leaving things behind . " As literature fans in Thomas 's native Wales and around the world celebrate the centenary of his birth , the notebook is being put up for sale at Sotheby 's auction house in London in December , where it is expected to go under the hammer for between Â # 100,000 and Â # 150,000  $ 156,430 to $ 234,640  . Rosie Chester , of Sotheby 's , said that as a "  way of understanding Dylan Thomas 's writing process " it was likely to appeal to anyone with a love of his work . "  It will be very exciting to see where it ends up , " she told CNN . Goodby , professor of English language and literature at the University of Swansea  Thomas 's hometown  said major libraries and university collections around the world would love to own the book . "  Personally , I 'd like to see the National Library of Wales or the British Library put in a bid , to stop it from leaving the country , if possible , " he said . The University at Buffalo , New York , and the Harry Ransom Center in Austin , Texas -- both already home to large Dylan Thomas collections -- may also take an interest , Goodby added . "  From my point of view the worst thing would be for it to end up in the hands of a private collector who locks it up in a bank vault for 50 years , " he said , admitting he was desperate to get a closer look at the book after being given a sneak peek ahead of the sale . "  It was hard to keep my hands off it -- I just want to pore through it , to be able to read every word in his crabbed , backwards-sloping hand -- it is such a covetable object . " Dylan Thomas was born in Swansea , south Wales , in 1914 ; he found fame with his "  play for voices , " "  Under Milk Wood , " and poems including "  Fern Hill " and "  Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night . " Thomas was also known for his hard-drinking lifestyle . He collapsed at New York 's Chelsea Hotel in 1953 , shortly after reportedly announcing : "  I 've had 18 straight whiskies . I think that 's the record ! " and died in hospital several days later .	A long-lost notebook full of poems by Dylan Thomas is to be sold at auction Book was discarded by Thomas and due to be burnt , but was saved by a housemaid Manuscript contains working versions of some of the poet 's key works Sale likely to attract attention , bids , from universities and libraries in UK , U.S.
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Glastonbury festival held in Somerset , England every year is the world 's biggest open air arts and music festival . A fan gets into the spirit of the Glastonbury music festival . It attracts around 140,000 music fans who spend between three and five days camping and listening to hundreds of musicians on Worthy Farm . The festival is famed for its mud-fueled mayhem and heavy rain . However , this year revelers managed to escape from the downpours with plenty of sunshine blazing , but with the occasional rain . Among the highlights this year were the newly reformed Brit-pop band Blur , ` The Boss ' , Bruce Springsteen , dance queen Lady Gaga and The Prodigy among many others . Past performers include rapper Jay-Z , David Bowie , Rod Stewart , Paul McCartney and Shirley Bassey . The festival was started by farmer Michael Eavis in 1970 , the day after Jimi Hendrix died . Around 1500 people attended , paying less than two dollars in entry fees including free milk from the farm . Today tickets cost around $ 240 . Each year many of the festival goers stay on an extra day to help volunteer in the cleaning up process which will see more than 1600 tonnes of rubbish removed from the site over the next three weeks . After the clear up , the site will return to a working dairy farm until next May when preparations for Glastonbury 2010 will begin .	The first Glastonbury Festival was held the day after Jimi Hendrix died in 1970 . Glastonbury saw over 140,000 people camping over 900 acres of farm land . An estimated 3 million gallons of water were drunk , 2,500 toilets were used . British singer Lily Allen attended her first Glastonbury aged just five weeks old .
CNN  -- Misty Croslin , the last person known to see a 5-year-old Florida girl before she was reported missing in February 2009 , was sentenced to 25 years in prison Friday on an unrelated drug charge . Circuit Judge Wendy Berger also ordered Croslin to pay $ 500,000 and to follow her prison time with five years of drug-offender probation . Croslin had pleaded no contest in the St. Johns County courtroom to a single count of trafficking oxycodone . She faces sentencing on October 19 in a Palatka , Florida , courtroom for a conviction on similar charges . At the time Haleigh Cummings went missing , Croslin was 17 and residing in the family 's mobile home with her then-husband , Ronald Cummings , Haleigh and her 4-year-old brother . Croslin and Ronald Cummings were both arrested in January along with three others after allegedly selling about $ 3,900 worth of drugs to undercover officers , authorities said . The two divorced after Haleigh 's disappearance . Croslin told police she tucked Haleigh and the brother into bed about 8 p.m. February 8 , 2009 , and went to sleep two hours later . She said she awoke at 3 a.m. to find Haleigh missing and a cinder block propping open a back door . Ronald Cummings reported Haleigh missing when he returned from work at dawn . Authorities previously said physical evidence contradicts Croslin 's account of events that night . However , police have stopped short of naming Croslin as a suspect . In televised interviews , Croslin has said she does not know what happened to Haleigh but believes "  the other side of the family " knows where she is . Police have said Cummings and Crystal Sheffield , the girl 's mother , are not considered suspects . Authorities believe Haleigh is dead and are treating the case as a homicide investigation . In Session 's Aletse Mellado contributed to this report .	The judge also orders her to pay a $ 500,000 fine Croslin is the last person known to see 5-year-old Haleigh Cummings She faces sentencing in mid-October in another courtroom for similar charges
CNN  -- For most comics , filling three-fourths of the Ha Ha Room in Nowheresville , Large-Square-State , is an accomplishment worth celebrating ... alone , of course , in a guest room at the Holiday Inn with a bottle of gin . Not the case for Russell Peters . In fact , as one of the top-earning comics in the business , Peters enjoys worldwide popularity that 's hard to match , selling out arenas  yes , arenas  from Canada to Australia and everywhere in between . Focusing on race and class , Peters draws from being Indian and Canadian , and he believes audiences around the globe like him because he 's an outsider . "  It 's like I 'm reporting live from a party I should n't be at , " he says . "  There 's the cool kids , and then there 's the nerdy guy who snuck in wearing a hat . I 'm the nerdy kid who 's wearing the hat . " What makes Peters ' success even more amazing is that , aside from the occasional stand-up comedy special , you probably have n't seen him on TV or in movies . Sure , he 's done a bit of acting , but a quick glance at the titles on his IMDb page does n't reveal any blockbusters . That said , "  The Legend of Awesomest Maximus " does stand out as a potential must-see . I mean , after all , it features Ian Ziering playing a character named Testiclees . So it must be good ! When the 40-year-old Peters -- who has penned a memoir called "  Call Me Russell , " in which he chronicles the unlikely path of his career from scrawny loser to comedy megastar -- met with CNN , he walked into the room wearing a T-shirt adorned with the image of that Internet-famous fat kid whose own shirt reads , I F -- ON THE FIRST DATE . Cute . Funny . But kinda sucks for a video editor . Hence the blur in the video . Thanks , Russell . You better Tweet the hell out of this ...	Comedian Russell Peters sells out arenas in countries around the world He feels like an outsider because he is Indian and Canadian His comedy focuses on race and class
JERSEY CITY , New Jersey  CNN  -- Alfa Demmellash grew up on less than a dollar a day , and against the backdrop of torture and murder . But these days she 's living the American dream and helping others do the same . Alfa Demmellash helps low-income entrepreneurs in New Jersey start or grow their businesses . "  Entrepreneurs are at the very heart of what the American dream is all about , " says Demmellash , a native of Ethiopia . And from her small office in Jersey City , her nonprofit , Rising Tide Capital , is helping small businesses flourish . Robin Munn , who runs a flower shop in Jersey City , says the skills she learned through Demmellash helped her transform the way she operates her business . "  I was thinking about closing , but once I started taking the classes I found that the fire came back . " Kim Bratten , a 39-year-old painter and mother of six , says she 's seen her yearly income increase by 50 percent since she started working with Demmellash and her team . "  They put hope back into the community , " Bratten says . Watch small business owners describe how Demmellash has helped them " Demmellash 's own struggle began in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , amid instability and unrest . Thousands of Ethiopians -- including her aunt -- disappeared or were tortured and/or killed under the ruling military regime . When Demmellash was 2 , her mother fled the country , leaving the toddler in the care of her grandmother and aunt . Demmellash lived on less than a dollar a day but never considered herself poor . Watch Demmellash talk about her childhood " Nearly a decade later , Demmellash and her mother reunited in Boston , Massachusetts . But Demmellash found her mother was n't living the American dream she 'd envisioned . "  I -LSB- thought -RSB- I would find my mom in a beautiful mansion with trees -LSB- and -RSB- gold everywhere , " recalls Demmellash , now 29 . "  I was shocked when I found her in her tiny apartment ... working very , very hard . " Her mother had worked as a waitress during the day and a seamstress at night to earn money to bring her daughter to the United States . Watching her mother sew beautiful gowns for low profits , Demmellash thought there had to be a way for her to increase what she was making as a seamstress . "  Even though she had the skills , she did not necessarily have the business skills , " she says , adding that her mother 's pricing "  was completely off . " Still , her mother worked tirelessly to keep her daughter adequately fed , clothed and in school . Demmellash was later admitted to Harvard University , which she was able to attend with the help of "  wonderful financial aid . " At Harvard , Demmellash and classmate Alex Forrester discussed what their generation could do to alleviate poverty on a local level . They set out to learn what resources people needed -- or as Demmellash says , "  to find people like my mom . " In 2004 , the pair started Rising Tide Capital  RTC  to help those who had ideas and abilities but needed the education and support to launch or grow their businesses . "  You hear a lot of talk about Main Street and Wall Street , but no one really talks about how exactly you go about helping the Mom-and-Pops , " says Demmellash . The group runs the Community Business Academy , an intensive training session coupled with year-round coaching and mentorship to help individuals "  really work on the hands-on management side of their business , " Demmellash says . The organization supports underserved populations , including women , the formerly incarcerated , minorities , unemployed and working poor , and immigrants and refugees . Demmellash and Forrester -- now married -- have helped 250 entrepreneurs and small-business owners in New Jersey so far , 70 percent of whom are single mothers . RTC raises money from corporations and works with local governments for funding in order to provide classes and support its participants at affordable costs . Participants pay a small materials and registration fee based on their income range : either $ 100 or $ 225 for the course that Demmellash says would cost thousands of dollars otherwise . The organization has also built partnerships with micro-lenders , so when students are ready , the lenders provide financing . "  The ability to become self-reliant , to have economic hope , -LSB- that is -RSB- the fabric of this country and we have to fight for it , " Demmellash says . Many of RTC 's students use the increased earnings from their new business to supplement their wages , allowing them to better provide for their families and transform the face of their communities , according to Demmellash . "  There are thousands of entrepreneurs , millions across this country , who do incredible things and make money to put food on the table , to pay their bills , and to save for the future and their children , " she says . "  If we were to literally bank on them , invest in them -LSB- and -RSB- support them ... that 's the kind of stuff that changes lives and strengthens families . " Want to get involved ? Check out Rising Tide Capital 's Web site and see how to help .	Alfa Demmellash helps low-income entrepreneurs start or grow their businesses Her nonprofit , Rising Tide Capital , primarily serves single mothers Demmellash , an Ethiopia native , was inspired by her mother 's struggle Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- A chain of Phoenix-area car washes that 's raised thousands for local charities , including numerous law enforcement agencies , found itself the target of a sweeping raid Saturday by law officers . Special agents from Immigration and Custom Enforcement 's homeland security investigations unit conducted raids at 13 Danny 's Family Car Wash locations in central Arizona , plus three locations tied to its outsourced staffing service provider , HR Betty , said ICE spokesman Andrew Munoz . "  We are ... going after businesses that are a magnet for unauthorized workers , " Munoz said . The action came as part of a criminal investigation into alleged criminal fraud , identity theft and financial violations , according to the agency . Few details were immediately available , though more would come out if an indictment in the case is unsealed . U.S. settles case in immigration raids , must follow new guidelines Authorities began executing federal search and arrest warrants around 11 a.m.  2 p.m. ET  . By 5:30 p.m. , the operation was still ongoing at some locations , according to Munoz . The ICE spokesman said he did not know how many people might be arrested . But those who are detained Saturday are expected to make their initial appearances in federal court on Monday . A phone call placed Saturday afternoon to Danny 's Family Companies corporate offices was not immediately returned , and there was no answer when CNN called one of its car wash locations . Its website , as well as local news reports , tout that Danny 's car wash locations have been sites of numerous fund-raisers . A recent one involved members of the Phoenix , Gilbert , Scottsdale police departments , the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office and various fire departments raised $ 57,000 . The 25-year-old business also has a "  Cop Coffee " program , in which law enforcement officers pay 25Â cents for any coffee or fountain drink inside a Danny 's convenience store . Agents take mother of immigration activist in night home raid	NEW : The operation was still ongoing at some sites 6Â 1/2 hours after it began , official says ICE investigators raid 13 Danny 's Family Car Wash locales in Arizona It 's part of a probe into alleged criminal fraud , identity theft and financial violations ICE targets "  businesses that are a magnet for unauthorized workers , " spokesman says
Washington  CNN  -- With a rapidly deteriorating situation on the streets of Cairo , the U.S. State Department is urging Americans who want help getting out of Egypt to "  take advantage of U.S. government charter flights while they are available . " "  As you know , we can not demand that an American leave , however , we certainly push for them to leave , " said a senior State Department official , who spoke on background because he was not authorized to use his name . According to the official , the State Department is cutting back on the number of flights Thursday because some of those charters have been leaving with empty seats . On Thursday morning , one flight was fully booked and boarded , and takeoff was imminent , he said . An additional flight was on the ground , the official said , "  but is n't even near halfway full . " About 3,000 Americans have registered to be evacuated . So far , 2,000 have been flown out on U.S. government charters to European locations . Since Monday , the State Department has been running an average of four flights a day . Depending upon demand , more flights could be added , but the official said if circumstances suddenly got worse , they might have to order charters from other cities in the region and that could take time . The State Department is urging U.S. citizens who want to leave to come to Cairo International Airport as soon as possible . They should bring travel documents with them , but even citizens who have passports that expired up to 10 years ago can come , and U.S. consular officials will assist them . Commercial flights from Cairo still are operating , and many Americans , according to the State Department , have already left via commercial airlines , private airlines and other governments ' chartered flights . At last report , the Cairo airport terminal is relatively orderly , according to the department . It continues to assess whether or not flights will operate Friday and possibly Saturday .	The State Department is urging Americans to leave Egypt Charter flights remain available , but many are leaving with empty seats Many commercial airlines are still flying from Egypt
CNN  -- The North Koreans know how to put on a show and this year -- the 60th anniversary of the end of hostilities in the Korean War -- they 've gone all out for the Mass Games . If you 've toyed with the idea of going , this is the summer to do it . It 's a lot easier to get into the Hermit Kingdom than you probably expect and the incredible spectacle that is the Mass Games officially runs until September 8 , though it is often extended . You go in knowing there will be 100,000 performers -- gymnasts , dancers , acrobats -- that the music will be loud and there will be fireworks and strobe lights , but nothing prepares you for the sheer scale of the production . It 's the Beijing Olympics opening night a dozen times over with a camp director and an unlimited budget . Half the people on the tour I went with opted to go a second night , hoping to catch some of the bits they missed the first time around . Why now is the time to go Why go now ? Because this could well be the last year that Arirang will be staged . Arirang is not the Mass Games -- it 's the name of the theme the Games have followed for the last 10 years or so -- a Romeo and Juliet-like folk tale . So while there will almost certainly be a Mass Games next year , it may not follow this theme . What 's more , without any anniversaries or significant dates to celebrate next year , it 's expected to be far more low-key than the great pomp and ceremony that defines this year 's show . Ethical debates persist over whether tourists should visit North Korea , a country with a poor human rights record . Critics say tourist dollars help the repressive government , but others say the tourism money generated in North Korea is minimal . To mark the 60th anniversary of the Korean War armistice -- what North Koreans call the victory in the Fatherland Liberation War -- no expense has been spared . New at the Mass Games Regulars at the world 's largest choreographed gymnastics performance say this year 's show has plenty of new material , with familiar acts given a new twist . "  I 've been about 50 times and 50 % of it was different this year , " says Simon Cockerell of Beijing-based Koryo Tours . "  There are whole new acts and there 's a lot more technology -- the digital screens , the arches on top of the stadium , all that 's new . " That new technology had a major hiccup the night I visited , July 27 -- Victory Day . Five minutes into the 90-minute show there was a total blackout . Power outages are everyday occurrences in Pyongyang , but to have one at such a high-profile event was unusual . The spectacle was just kicking off -- a wall of students on the far side of the stadium , the "  human pixels , " were flipping through books of colored cards to flash up messages and images , giant strobe lights rolled across the arena , the music was pounding , thousands of performers surged across the stadium -- and we were plunged into darkness . Only the night before North Korean leader Kim Jong Un had sat in the stadium watching the very same performance with Chinese Vice-President Li Yuanchao . Fortunately for show managers , the blackout did n't happen then . We sat in silence . No one booed , no one jeered and five minutes later when the power came on and the show began again -- from the beginning -- there was a round of applause . "  People live with blackouts all the time , " says Cockerell . "  It 's a sign that someone has been in North Korea a while when the lights go out and they just keep talking or doing whatever they were doing . " Military messaging dominates North Koreans are big on military motifs and this year they 've gone to town . Even a flower show we visited had scores of missiles and tanks tucked in among the red "  Kimjongilia " blossoms . At the Mass Games , a large gold medal -- to celebrate War Victory -- floats above the May Day Stadium and massive video screens show footage from the Korean War and a video of the long-range rocket launched earlier this year . Given the massive show of military might and boys toys it 's no surprise our tour attracted a fair few of 20-something men , but there 's something for everyone at the Mass Games -- anyone who loves musicals will be on Cloud Nine , there 's plenty of kitsch for the Camp Brigade and it 's a photographer 's dream shoot . Foreigner reactions New Zealander Will Seal , 24 , went to the Games two nights running : "  It was amazing , but I did get slightly concerned about all those kids spending time out of school , it 's a massive undertaking . " He was n't the only one in our group who was left wondering about the 20,000 children who spend months training intensively for the Mass Games . Briton Matthew Durling mused : "  Where else in the world could you martial thousands of school children , without paying them , and have them do something like that ? " The regulars in our group were quick to notice another new element this year -- at the end of the Arirang performance there is a five-minute segment dedicated to international friendship , especially between China and North Korea and Russia . While the "  human pixels " flashed up messages of peace and friendship , as well as a rainbow between Pyongyang 's Arch of Triumph and Beijing 's Tiananmen Square Gate , Lion Dancers , Pandas and Russian Dancers strutted about on stage . The message of friendship with China came at the end of last year 's games , too . But the grand gesture towards Russia this year is new . What does it mean ? One of our guides said it was "  about politics . " Another said it was "  more about economics . " No doubt they 're both right -- politics and economics make for cozy bedfellows and North Korea is waking up to the reality that if it wants to get on , to progress , it needs to start pulling in some hard currency . That 's no doubt why visitors are made to feel so welcome , particularly at the country 's best known tourist attraction . Currency matters Foreigners are n't allowed to use the local currency -- the won -- and must bring cash in with them in either U.S. dollars , euros or renminbi . Renminbi , I discovered however , offers by far the worst conversion rate . First-class tickets go for $ 150  $ 159  , but this was conveniently rounded to 1,500 RMB  $ 195  making it a good 20 % more expensive . Second-class tickets cost $ 100 and third-class tickets are $ 80 . If you go a second night , you get a free upgrade . The only way to see the Mass Games is by joining a tour . Most tours leave from Beijing and the tour company will arrange your North Korean visa , travel to Pyongyang , hotels , meals and Mass Games tickets . There 's still plenty of time to go this summer -- decide today and you could be there in 10 days . The best-established outfit is Beijing-based Koryo Tours , which has been taking groups since 1993 and has good relationships in North Korea . Koryo Tours offers a host of itineraries from a two-day Mini Break Mass Games Tour , which includes a Pyongyang city guide and Mass Games entry for $ 790  $ 1,048  to a seven-night Ultimate Tour that takes in the Games as well as trip to the DMZ , Mt. Myohyamg and more for $ 1,690  $ 2,242  . New Korea Tours is a U.S.-based travel agency specializing in travel to North Korea -- available tours include a seven-night trip that takes in the Mass Games for $ 2,690 . Remote Lands is another U.S.-based tour operator that offers trips to North Korea and other Asian destinations .	North Koreans put on a magnificent Arirang show to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the end of the Korean War Half of the show elements are new compared to last year 's show , says a Mass Games regular This year 's show highlights the friendship with China and Russia
Aberdeenshire , Scotland  CNN  In an exclusive interview ahead of his U.S. tour -- and ahead of his 10-year wedding anniversary -- Prince Charles paid tribute to the "  brilliant " way his wife , Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , has taken on the "  real , real challenge " of defining her public role . "  It 's always marvelous to have somebody who , you know , you feel understands and wants to encourage . Although she certainly pokes fun if I get too serious about things . And all that helps , " Prince Charles told CNN . The couple first visited the U.S. together as newlyweds in 2005 , and Camilla was confronted by hardcore Princess Diana fans with abusive placards . Polls at the time found that between 57 % and 73 % of Brits opposed Charles ' new wife being known as queen . If you go back even further , to 1997 , the year Diana died , an Ipsos MORI poll put it at 86 % . Reporter 's notebook : Interviewing the royal couple But there 's been a change in sentiment since they married . A new poll conducted by Comres for CNN found that only 35 % now oppose Camilla being known as queen . Nearly one in four said they liked her more now than they did 10 years ago . This coincides with a change in palace strategy -- away from the aggressive spin machine of the 1990s to simply allowing Camilla to be herself . When she appears in public , she 's either seen supporting her husband or promoting a set of causes she has a genuine connection with . Prince Charles praised how his wife has handled herself . "  She 's done an enormous amount for the whole issue around osteoporosis , which of course runs in her family , " he said , noting that Camilla 's mother and grandmother both suffered from the bone disease . He also points to other issues Camilla is associated with , including literacy and preventing sexual violence . The Duchess of Cornwall , by sticking to what she knows and cares about , is able to connect with the people she meets , which does n't always come across on camera . When Charles and Camilla married in 2005 , there was huge sensitivity around the legacy of Diana , who was expected to be queen herself . With this in mind , royal aides announced that Camilla would not use the title of Queen when Charles becomes King . Instead she would be known as Princess Consort . That still stands , although the public of today looks less likely to oppose the title of Queen .	Prince Charles and Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , preparing for U.S. trip Charles praises Camilla for how she has defined her public role The two are coming up on their 10-year wedding anniversary
Al Aour , Egypt  CNN  Mina Aziz had no real education but he did have a strong back . With marriage on his mind and empty pockets , the 24-year-old left his Egyptian village for Libya . Aziz was one of many Egyptians who go to Libya looking for work , but his journey ended in horror . He was one of 21 Egyptian Christians killed at the hands of ISIS ' Libyan branch . The Islamic militants released a gruesome video Sunday showing the beheadings of at least a dozen of the men on a beach . Thirteen of the dead were from Aziz 's village , Al Aour , roughly 200 kilometers  125 miles  south of Cairo . One mother in the village , Om Beshir , lost two of her sons in the ISIS slaughter . Before their abduction , they had talked about their planned return home to celebrate Christmas . "  They said , Ma , cook all the holiday food , " she tells me . "  But the bastards kidnapped them . Like they deprived me of my sons , I hope God deprives them . " The Egyptian military responded to the horrific killings by bombing ISIS targets in Libya on Monday . The 21 Egyptian Christians were seized in the Libyan city of Sirte in two separate incidents in December and January . Hana Aziz says he was almost taken , too . Masked men came for his cousins and nephew in the adjacent room . Hana Aziz says he witnessed the scene unfold through a crack in the wall , hearing the militants announce they had orders from "  the emir " to arrest all Christians in Sirte . He managed to escape into the desert with 15 others . Now back home in the dusty streets of Al Aour , he is avoiding his family . "  I feel guilty , " he says . "  First of all , the situation was difficult , more than you can imagine . How can your nephew be taken from your hand ? How can you face your brother or your uncle ? What would you tell them ? " Despite the grisly video of the men 's deaths , Hana Aziz takes solace in one aspect of what it shows . "  To the last moment , the name of Jesus was on their lips , " he says . "  As they were being martyred , they were calling God 's name , saying , ` God , have mercy on us . ' The entire village is proud . " Hana Aziz says he wo n't return to Libya , but some of his neighbors probably will . Like other villages in the region , Al Aour is impoverished and work is scarce . Libya offers young men like Mina Aziz a chance to earn money . At his home , his boyish face stares out of a photo clutched by grieving relatives . In the picture , his jeans and dressy black shirt belie the type of labor he did . "  He was a worker , he used to carry sand and rocks , what else could he do ? " says Mina Aziz 's mother , Afaf . "  He did n't have a trade . He would have taken any job offered to him . " CNN 's Ian Lee reported and wrote from Al Aour , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	Thirteen of the 21 Egyptian Christians killed by ISIS in Libya were from Al Aour "  They deprived me of my sons , I hope God deprives them , " one mother says A man who narrowly avoided capture by the militants says he now feels guilty
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . Motherboard.tv is Vice 's site devoted to the overlap between culture and technology . The reports , which are being produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  Motherboard.tv  -- In April of last year the Deepwater Horizon semi-submersible Mobile Offshore Drilling Unit exploded in the Gulf of Mexico , killing 11 men , injuring 17 others and triggering what is generally recognized as one of the greatest human errors ever made and officially the largest unforeseen marine oil catastrophe since people started drilling for oil . By the time the leak was capped in July 2010 , enough oil to fill 4.9 million barrels covered the Gulf in a toxic slick . See the rest of "  Sailing Drone " at Motherboard.tv . Enter Cesar Harada . After visiting the oil spill in June 2010 , the young engineer decided to leave MIT in Boston to develop an open source oil spill cleaning robot , Protei . Our current array of oil spill skimming technologies â $ " mostly private boats retrofitted with skimming equipment and skimmers maintained by the U.S. Coast Guard â $ " are only able to collect three percent of the oil in the Gulf of Mexico and carry health risks to humans and heavy economic costs . Protei is unmanned , autonomous , relatively inexpensive and open hardware  anybody can use , modify and distribute its designs  , making it a potentially powerful weapon in the battle to clean up the Gulf of Mexico while preserving the safety of the workers who would otherwise be exposed to the toxic mess . Already Harada imagines other uses for the sailboat drone , like oceanography and surveillance . In the first episode of our "  Upgrade " series , Motherboard goes to Rotterdam to watch Harada 's ragtag team of scientists and engineers as they hustle to assemble the first Protei prototype and dodge the Dutch harbor patrol for their first water test .	Engineer develops robotic sailboat to clean up oil spills Cesar Harada left MIT to pursue the project after visiting the 2010 Gulf oil spill Motherboard visits Harada 's team as the assemble the first Protei prototype
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Democratic White House hopeful Sen. Barack Obama told CNN on Tuesday his early opposition to the Iraq war proves he has the judgment to lead the country out of the conflict . The Illinois Democrat also said polls show that voters think rival Sen. Hillary Clinton would be better at ending the war because the New York Democrat has blurred the distinctions between the two candidates . "  Everybody had difficult choices to make , and these were difficult choices . I made the right choice , and I think that 's relevant not to the past , but to the future , " Obama said in an interview with CNN 's Candy Crowley of his decision as an Illinois state senator to come out against the war in 2002 . In a speech at that time , five months before the U.S. invaded Iraq , Obama said publicly that Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein "  poses no imminent and direct threat to the United States , or to his neighbors , " that he could be contained , and that "  even a successful war against Iraq will require U.S. occupation of undetermined length , at undetermined cost , with undetermined consequences . " Obama added that such a war would "  strengthen the recruitment arm of al Qaeda . " On Tuesday , in a speech in Chicago , Obama reflected on his early opposition . "  In this campaign , we 've seen who has the leadership to lead the country during difficult times -- I did not only oppose the war but laid out reasons that turned out to be prescient over time , and I think that says something about my judgment , " he said . Obama questioned the judgment of lawmakers who voted to authorize the war -- which includes his two top rivals for the Democratic nomination , Clinton and former Sen. John Edwards . Watch Obama call Iraq ` one big mistake . ' " "  This was a vote about whether or not to go to war , " the Democratic presidential candidate said . "  That 's the truth as we all understood it then , and as we need to understand it now . And we need to ask those who voted for the war : How can you give the president a blank check and then act surprised when he cashes it ? " Of the Democratic presidential candidates who served in Congress during the October 2002 vote to authorize force in Iraq , only Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich voted no . In addition to Clinton and Edwards , Democratic presidential candidates Sens. Chris Dodd of Connecticut and Joe Biden of Delaware voted for the authorization . Asked why his early opposition is n't resonating with more Democratic primary voters , Obama said Clinton has been successful in obscuring the differences between their two records on this issue . "  It 's our job to make these distinctions clear to the American people , because it really ends up speaking to how we 're going to make decisions in the future and how we 're going to make decisions about a series of significant threats and how we are going to make decisions about getting out of Iraq . " Obama also said he is not discouraged by recent polls that indicate he significantly trails Clinton , saying Americans are just beginning to pay attention to the race . "  You know , I recognize that there has been a sense that this campaign has been lasting in perpetuity , but the American people are just starting to focus , " he said . "  We just went up for the first time in New Hampshire on television . We 've got three months of campaigning before the first Iowa caucus , and then we 've got a number of primaries and caucuses after that . So we feel very comfortable with the pace that we 're on . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alexander Mooney and Lauren Kornreich contributed to this report .	Sen. Barack Obama says early opposition to Iraq war show he 's ready to lead Senators who voted to authorize war should have foreseen problems , he said Illinois Democrat says Sen. Hillary Clinton has blurred differences on the war
CNN  -- A Maryland man believed to have shot and stabbed his wife and three young children to death before killing himself with a shotgun was having money problems and left a note saying he suffered from "  psychological issues , " authorities said . Five people , including three young children , were found dead in this house in Middletown , Maryland . Christopher Wood , 34 , may have slashed at least some of his family members in the killings and used a small-caliber handgun on others , Frederick County Sheriff Charles Jenkins said . He was found dead of an apparently self-inflicted shotgun wound at the foot of the bed where the bodies of his wife and 2-year-old daughter lay , the sheriff said . Wood 's sons were 5 and 4 years old , authorities said . His wife , Francie Billotti Wood , was 33 . The boys were found in their beds in a single bedroom , the sheriff said . Authorities did not release the names of the children . "  These are horrific incidents , " said Jenkins , who said he could n't remember another homicide in the past 20 years in Middletown , a one-stoplight town northwest of Baltimore . "  No one should ever have to be exposed to this . " Jenkins told CNN that at least five notes apparently handwritten by Wood were found inside the home . While the notes did n't immediately tell investigators what prompted the killings , they did provide some insight into possible problems . "  There is some indication in at least one of the notes that there might have been some psychological issues with Mr. Wood , " Jenkins said . There was "  a mention of some medication " in that note , according to the sheriff . Jenkins said the sheriff 's office had no record of domestic violence or other family disputes at the Wood 's home . He said investigators also have learned of money problems for Wood , a salesman for CSX Railroad . "  We are aware there were some , maybe , debt problems -- some financial problems , " Jenkins said . Cpl. Jennifer Bailey said deputies went to the home shortly after 9 a.m. after Mrs. Wood 's father called . Her family had not seen the Woods for about a day and her father forced his way into the locked home , finding the bodies , according to Jenkins . Authorities said a shotgun was found next to Christopher Wood 's body and a .25 - caliber handgun was found in a "  container " in the kitchen . The sheriff said other weapons that could have been used to stab and cut the victims were found , but he did not say what those weapons were . Watch sheriff 's department 's statement " Francie Wood 's family were longtime residents of the Middletown area . Her brother had recently retired from a career as a sheriff 's deputy , Jenkins said . The family had moved to town from Florida about four months ago . "  We 're all in shock , " said the Rev. Kevin Farmer , the family 's minister at Holy Family Catholic Church . "  This was a family , though they had n't been with us very long , they are an integral part of our community . " Watch views from the crime scene " He said the road the Woods lived on is a shortcut to the church and he would often see the children while riding a scooter he uses when the weather is good . "  They would always stop and wave and get big eyes as the scooter came by , " he said . "  They were very happy kids . " Jenkins said autopsies will be performed on the bodies over the next few days and that it could be weeks before the results are ready to be released . Jenkins told CNN that at least five notes apparently handwritten by Wood were found inside the home . While the notes did n't immediately tell investigators what prompted the killings , they did provide some insight into possible problems , the sheriff said . "  There is some indication in at least one of the notes that there might have been some psychological issues with Mr. Wood , " Jenkins said . Cpl. Jennifer Bailey said deputies went to the home shortly after 9 a.m. after Mrs. Wood 's father called . The family had not been seen for several days , Bailey said . Authorities said several weapons , including a shotgun , were found inside the home . Christopher Wood had been an employee of CSX Railroad , Jenkins said . He said the sheriff 's office had no record of domestic violence or other family disputes at the Woods ' home . "  In my entire career , just about 20 years , this is probably the worst tragedy I 've ever been a part of or ever seen in Frederick County , " Jenkins said .	NEW : Note indicated father was having "  psychological issues , " sheriff says NEW : Investigators say they 've learned Christopher Wood also had money problems Sheriff : Man apparently killed his wife and three young children , then shot himself Slain mother 's family were longtime residents of the Middletown , Maryland , area
CNN  -- In a 5-4 decision , Supreme Court on Wednesday struck down limits on the total amount people can donate to various political campaigns in an election season , a blow to federal election laws ahead of November 's congressional midterm elections . Jeffrey Toobin , CNN senior legal analyst , answers some questions about how this ruling works and its possible consequences . What exactly does this ruling do ? Are some limits still in place ? The court left intact the law that sets a $ 5,200 limit on the amount individuals can give to any single candidate in a campaign cycle , but struck down the $ 123,000 aggregate limit an individual can give to candidates in that time period . Wednesday 's ruling declares the $ 123,200 limit unconstitutional . So now individuals can give up to $ 5,200 to as many candidates as they like . Does this mean money will influence campaigns more than ever ? Who is most likely to gain ? The decision gives rich people more power to influence campaigns . It expands the influence of people who have a lot of money to give . The end of the $ 123,200 overall limit means that people who have even more money to spend have more ways to spend it . Is this a First Amendment issue ? The protection of political speech ? Chief Justice Roberts ' opinion said that campaign contributions can be regulated by Congress , but only under narrow circumstances . The only permissible laws ban what the court calls quid pro quo corruption -- in other words , bribes in the form of campaign contributions . Because spreading the money around to lots of candidates does not present the risk of bribes to any individual candidate , according to the court , the overall limits had to be struck down . How does this compare with Citizens United ? This decision is similar to Citizens United , with a similar rationale . Citizens United was the 2010 Supreme Court ruling that paved the way for political donations from corporations and special interest groups . The Roberts court believes in a simple idea -- spending money in political campaigns is the equivalent of political speech . Because the First Amendment prohibits most limits on speech , most limits on political contributions are in the process of being struck down . What does this means for the future of campaign finance ? The next big question is whether the court will also strike down the $ 5,200 limit on individual contributions . In fact , very few people ran up against the $ 123,200 limit , so the practical effect of Wednesday 's decision is limited . But lots of people give up to $ 5,200 . Ending that limit would have a huge impact on political campaigns . What are the chances of the court ending the $ 5,200 limit ? Justice Clarence Thomas said in a separate concurring opinion Wednesday that he thought the court should get rid of the $ 5,200 limit , but no other justices joined him -- yet . The decision was 5-4 , so the four dissenters want to preserve campaign finance limits . The real question is whether the four other justices in the majority will join Thomas . It 's hard to say . What 's clear is that the court is looking for new ways to stop the regulation of political contributions -- and it 's already stopped a lot of them . What 's behind all these decisions ? The core idea of the five justices in the majority is that spending money on political campaigns is a form of speech . The First Amendment strictly limits regulation of speech . Once you believe that money is speech , most campaign finance limits become unconstitutional .	High court struck down $ 123,000 overall limit you can give candidates in an election Jeffrey Toobin : Ruling expands influence of rich people most likely to run up against a limit Toobin : Court left intact $ 5,200 limit on what you can give to one candidate Majority sees money in political campaigns as the equivalent of political speech , he says
CNN  -- Tonga 's king is giving up most of the near-absolute power that his family has held for centuries in the South Pacific nation , the country 's news agency reported Monday . The royal dynasty currently headed by King George Tupou V was founded in 1845 . King George Tupou V will let the prime minister guide the day-to-day governmental affairs , Tonga Now reported . He will continue to hold on to judicial powers , including the ability to appoint judges and commute prison sentences . George V , 60 , announced his plans as the country prepares a days-long coronation ceremony that begins Friday . The decision , he said , is meant to prepare the country for parliamentary elections in 2010 . Tonga , with a population of 119,000 , is the only monarchy that remains in the Pacific . Currently , the king appoints the prime minister and 12 to 14 Cabinet ministers . Noble families choose nine others . Voters elect just nine . "  He  is voluntarily surrendering his powers to meet the democratic aspirations of many of his people , " the news agency said . "  They see Tonga 's royal heritage as integral to the country 's culture and identity , but favour a more representative , elected Parliament . The king agrees with them . " Tonga has for years promised to pave the way toward a democratically elected parliament , but reforms have been slow in coming . George V ascended to the throne after the death of his father in September 2006 , and promised to speed up the changes . Two months later , a pro-democracy rally in the capital city of Nuku'alofa led to riots that left eight people dead and the central business district in ruins . Closing a session of Parliament a week later , the king said , "  Let us rebuild a new capital and a new Tonga . " The announcement , the news agency said , is part of that promise . Already this year , two other countries saw the end of monarchy . In March , Bhutan held elections that ended more than 100 years of royal rule in the South Asian nation and transformed it into a democracy . Two months later , neighboring Nepal declared itself a republic following the elections for a new Constituent Assembly that abolished a 239-year monarchy . Tonga is an archipelago of 171 islands directly south of Western Samoa . Less than a third of the islands are inhabited . The present dynasty was founded in 1845 after the Tongan islands were first united .	New Tongan king , George Tupou V , to give up most of near-absolute powers King to let prime minister guide South Pacific nation 's day-to-day affairs Decision to pave way for parliamentary elections in 2010 Tonga , population 119,000 , is the only monarchy in the Pacific region
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- In a housing market plagued by one of the highest foreclosure rates in the country , finding and buying a home would seem to be an easy hunt , especially if you 're armed with federal funding assistance . Lisa Locascio made nearly 30 bids before she was able to buy a home with help from a federal loan program . The sheer mass of real estate available at a record-low price combined with a no-interest loan from the government and an $ 8,000 income tax credit for first-time buyers quickly persuaded 30-year-old Lisa Locascio to make the leap into home ownership . It was n't as easy as she thought it would be , even for someone determined to buy her first home . Locascio 's Realtor and long-time friend , Lance Connolly , started compiling foreclosure listings more than three months ago , as soon as Locascio was approved for a $ 15,000 down-payment loan through the federally funded Neighborhood Stabilization Program . The loan program is aimed at helping would-be home buyers stabilize distressed neighborhoods while also helping banks unload foreclosures . The rules seem straightforward . The Phoenix program offers up to $ 15,000 in financial assistance toward a down payment or closing costs to approved applicants who are , in turn , required to provide $ 1,000 of their own funds toward the purchase of a foreclosed property at 1 percent below appraisal value . The loan has to be repaid when the home buyer sells or refinances . Nationwide , the program has allocated $ 6 billion to 250 cities and housing markets . Each city or market determines specific allocation amounts for locally run programs involving both home purchases and property rehabilitation . Phoenix received more than $ 39 million . However , after rolling out the home ownership assistance portion of the program six months ago , program funding has been used in the purchase of just three homes . Locascio is proud to be the third Phoenix home buyer funded by the program , but she cautions other program applicants , "  It 's been rough . It 's been a long process . " Locascio endured almost 30 rejected bids placed on homes throughout northwest Phoenix before a bank finally accepted a $ 140,000 offer on a 1,100 square-foot home . She admits to tears of frustration and said she almost considered giving up on the program in favor of moving in with family and saving toward a conventional loan . She eventually decided on optimism instead . Speculating in retrospect on why banks rejected so many of her offers , she said , "  I think it 's because the program has n't been out there enough . " Other cities are also having some slow starts or are trying a different tack with their funds . Los Angeles , California , which received $ 32.8 million in funding , has a program similar to Phoenix 's . Four homes have been purchased thus far and two others are in escrow and pending . Miami , Florida , will roll out its home buyer assistance program on Thursday . Chicago , Illinois -- which received $ 55.2 million , more program funds than any other U.S. city -- is using its money in a different way . Instead of an individual or family home buyer assistance program , it is focusing on loans to established organizations and nonprofit groups , which will then assist individual home buyers in buying lender-owned properties in the city . Mercedes Marquez , assistant secretary at the Department of Housing and Urban Development , told CNNMoney that the initial stage of the program has been difficult , in part , because the cities and communities involved in the program have never done this work before . "  It 's a lot of work to implement , " said Marquez , who feels the program is on track overall . CNNMoney.com : Read how the program is progressing around the country Despite her many frustrations , Locascio is being touted as a success story by Phoenix 's deputy housing director , Maria Bears . Bears , who compared some Phoenix neighborhoods to "  ghost towns , " she said , "  It 's a drop in the bucket , but if you 're in a neighborhood and you see one or two homes that are purchased , you are encouraged with each one , and so I see this as a catalyst . " City officials acknowledge there is still a learning curve that must take place between them , the real estate owners  foreclosure owners are typically banks  and lenders . Potential home buyers must also complete an eight-hour class and participate in a one-on-one counseling session on the program to secure qualification . "  I think we 're seeing momentum now . It was a little slow because we had to get a lot of people onboard , " Bears said . Phoenix housing officials hope to help about 900 home buyers before the loan program ends in October 2010 . City officials said the goal can be met , despite what critics and Bears herself are calling a "  slow start . " She said 10 qualified home sales are pending , and data provided by the city housing officials showed 72 area families have qualified for the program and are shopping . "  We 're doing everything we can to get the word out , " Bears said , including a telethon last week aimed at the city 's Spanish-speaking residents . Critics of the program 's slow progress also blame real estate investors for showing a renewed interest in Phoenix . Its beleaguered housing market was originally created , many argue , by those very same investors . Connolly , Locascio 's Realtor , said he hears complaints from his clients who are constantly beaten to the deals by investors . "  From a buyer 's standpoint , -LSB- program participants -RSB- can get outbid with a lower bid from a cash investor . Yeah , that 's pretty frustrating , " Connolly said . Bears confirmed the city 's data reflects the same frustrations . "  Almost half of the resale homes that are happening right now are to investors , so we 're finding that people who are participating in our program are having to make upwards of 20 offers ... to compete with investors , " Bears said . She said cash investors "  have the ability to pick the best of the properties and then sometimes buy packets of properties ... sight unseen . " Locascio is enjoying a backyard view from her new patio . She proudly described her new abode as "  small ... cute . It 's all me . " She said she still believes in the program and encourages participants to be diligent with constant bids and , above all , have patience . "  It 's a give and take , really , but you 're more giving than taking , unfortunately , " she said . "  Hopefully , the next person wo n't go through what I went through . "	Lisa Locascio took three months , nearly 30 bids to buy home Nearly $ 6 billion has been allocated for Neighborhood Stabilization Program Investors are often outbidding potential home buyers for Phoenix properties City officials think program is beginning to take off , hope to help 900 families
Washington  CNN  -- When a scuffle broke out at a candidate forum in Nevada last week between supporters of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Republican rival Sharron Angle , the fight did n't end after tempers cooled . It simply moved over to the social media website Twitter , where the war of words in this nasty race continued . One of Angle 's campaign managers , Jordan Gehrke , posted a tweet , a short message on Twitter , that accused Reid supporters of starting the fight . "  Check out the video here of Reidbots screaming and heckling , " the tweet said . The message included a link to a video that appears to show audience members at the forum shouting down Angle . That same tweet also included a hashtag -- #dumpreid -- made by attaching the # symbol to the message "  dumpreid . " Twitter users who clicked on the #dumpreid link were taken to a feed of anti-Reid tweets . Welcome to the new media world of hashtag politics , where the character attack is compressed into 140 characters -- the website 's limit for tweets -- and instantly blasted out to a campaign 's long list of "  followers . " "  It was inevitable that negative politics would transform itself into social media . That 's exactly what 's happened , " said Larry Sabato , the director of the University of Virginia Center for Politics . "  You do n't even need a complete sentence to change a campaign -- just a phrase can change a campaign , " Sabato added . Why pay for an attack ad when you can post a free attack tweet ? One recent Reid attack tweet -- "  Sharron Angle 's mocks health coverage for ` autism ' " -- includes a link to a video that shows the Republican Senate candidate attacking mandates in the new health care law . Is it the tweet or the video that went viral ? Answer : both . Another Angle tweet , "  Harry Reid 's plan to save the Nevada economy : coked-up stimulus monkeys , " was both acidic and inventive . Not only did it mock the real use of stimulus money to study the effects of illicit drugs on primates . The buzzworthy phrase "  coked-up stimulus monkeys " was picked up by political writers across the country . Campaign staffers are throwing mud via Twitter too . A tweet from an Angle campaign staffer refers to Reid 's handlers as "  13 y/o girls . " And on it goes . Michael Patrick Leahy , a Tea Party activist and co-creator of the hashtag #TCOT  or Top Conservatives on Twitter  said , "  I think we 're about to enter a new era of American political history . " Leahy 's "  Tweeps "  Twitter slang for his followers  who click on #TCOT are transported to a virtual Tea Party , a nonstop feed where visitors tweet back and forth on the latest news in the conservative movement . Leary 's website , tcotreport.com , ranks the top conservatives by number of followers on Twitter . One of those "  top conservatives , " former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , has more than 250,000 followers on Twitter . Her tweets go out not only to her legions of fans , but also to the nation 's top political journalists , who are following Palin 's every tweet . "  She can just put out a tweet and generate headlines in the traditional media , " Sabato said . Those journalists , many of whom are also prolific Twitter users , often "  retweet " or redistribute Palin 's tweets to their own lists of followers . "  The retweeting is how it really gets out there , " Sabato added , noting that last weekend marked the 50th anniversary of the first debate in the epic 1960 presidential race between John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon . #timeshavechanged	Scuffle at Reid-Angle forum moved from the campaign event to Twitter The two campaigns have been duking it out online , in 140 characters or less Mainstream journalists use politicians ' tweets in stories , retweet them
CNN  -- How do you run a business effectively when your supremo is facing bribery charges over a multibillion-dollar deal ? In the case of Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone you step down as director of the sport 's holding company -- Delta Topco -- but continue to run one of the world 's most lucrative sport franchises on a day-to-day basis . The 83-year-old Ecclestone is accused of making a corrupt payment during his sale of the sport in 2006 and was indicted on bribery charges in German . He is set to go on trial in April . He denies the charges and he was not immediately available for comment when his office was contacted by CNN . Following the court 's decision , Delta Topco Limited held a board meeting to plan how best to run the F1 business . "  Mr. Ecclestone has reassured the board that he is innocent of the charges and intends to vigorously defend the case which will commence in late April 2014 , " said a Delta Topco statement . "  After discussion with the board , Mr. Ecclestone has proposed and the board has agreed that until the case has been concluded , he will step down as a director with immediate effect , thereby relinquishing his board duties and responsibilities until the case has been resolved . "  The board believes that it is in the best interests of both the F1 business and the sport that Mr. Ecclestone should continue to run the business on a day-to-day basis , but subject to increased monitoring and control by the board . "  Mr. Ecclestone has agreed to these arrangements . The approval and signing of significant contracts and other material business arrangements shall now be the responsibility of the chairman , Mr. Peter Brabeck-Letmathe , and deputy chairman , Mr. Donald Mackenzie . " Ecclestone is accused of making a corrupt payment to Gerhard Gribkowsky , a banker who worked on the sale of F1 to private equity firm CVC in 2006 . Gribkowsky was jailed for eight and a half years in 2012 after he admitted to taking bribes , an accusation which Ecclestone denies .	Bernie Ecclestone will stand trial on bribery charges , a German court announced The 83-year-old is accused of making corrupt payments during the sale of Formula One He will step down as a director of the company that owns the rights to the motorsport However , Ecclestone will continue to be involved in the running of F1
Imagine the delight at unwrapping your Christmas present in 2043 and discovering you 've been gifted a trip around the Moon . It may seem a little far-fetched right now but it could become a reality if space companies like Virgin Galactic realize their aspirations over the next 30 years or so . Richard Branson and his children are due to fly in his company 's spaceship on its first commercial flight currently slated for 2014 . But speaking to CNN outside a space conference in the UK last week , the company 's CEO George Whitesides said their ambitions extended beyond sub-orbital flights for those first customers . "  If we can make significant progress on the challenge of reusable space access then I think that opens up all kinds of opportunities in the future , " he said . "  One of the directions that might open up is high-speed point-to-point travel on Earth -- so that you could go from London to Singapore in an hour or go from London to Los Angeles in a couple of hours . "  We may be able to open up the opportunity for habitats in low Earth orbit , we could make it more affordable to do longer term flights -- even trips around the Moon . I think he -LSB- Branson -RSB- has high aspirations for a lot of these different activities . " For the moment , Whitesides said the company is focused on completing the test flight program in preparation for the passenger flights that he said Virgin Galactic aims to run on a weekly basis once the service is established . Whitesides later told delegates at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory space conference that about 650 people had signed up for the trip , and over the next couple of years the company would double the number of people who have been into space since Yuri Gagarin 's flight in 1961 which heralded the start of human exploration of space . But Virgin is not alone in developing the space tourism business . It faces competition from other commercial enterprises trying to attract fee-paying passengers -- and many agencies now offer satellite delivery services . Blue Origin , set up by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos , says it is developing technologies to enable human access to space . And another private company , SpaceX , has already delivered payloads to the International Space Station . So with private companies launching services and national space agencies like India 's ISRO joining the exploration of Mars and China setting off to land a probe on the Moon , is a fresh space race emerging ? Whitesides suggests there is a new era dawning . "  This is a great time , " he told CNN . "  There 's a renaissance in space access -- between us and Blue and SpaceX and all these companies -- it 's so exciting . "  I think there 's a very good chance that we 're alive when we actually find another ` Earth ' in another solar system -- how profound is that ? " Scientists may get closer to that goal if proposed missions outlined at the UK conference get off the ground . Professor Giovanna Tinetti explained how one of the European Space Agency 's candidate missions -- a space telescope called EChO -- would help analyze what exoplanet environments are like and whether they might be suitable for life . Delegates also heard about the plan to send a new probe to the Jovian system . The JUICE mission  JUpiter ICy moons Explorer  aims to explore not only the gas giant but also its three moons Ganymede , Callisto and Europa . Space physicist Professor Michele Dougherty said they were interested in finding out if water really is trapped between icy layers on Ganymede and its implications for "  watery worlds " beyond Earth . The search for Earth-like planets is clearly something that fascinates Whitesides too . He believes we will soon be able to detect seasons on other worlds . And he 's unlikely to have to wait until 2043 for his first taste of space adventure , having signed up for a seat in his company 's spaceship . "  I 'm actually a customer as well , " he said . "  My wife and I bought two tickets in 2005 . "  I think it 's important that I fly because just as Richard 's flight is such an important signal to our customers that he believes in the system , similarly I need to do that as well . " READ : Virgin Galactic competes second powered flight READ : What does $ 250,000 ticket to space buy you ? READ : Private space travel . A new era begins ?	Space companies hope to launch regular commercial flights over next 30 years Virgin Galactic plans to double number of people who have been into space since 1961 Virgin faces competition from other commercial enterprises including Blue Origin and SpaceX Delegates at UK conference also heard about plan to send new probe to Jovian system
CNN  -- Serena Williams defeated Caroline Wozniacki for the second time in just over a week to move into the final of the Cincinnati Masters Saturday . The world No. 1 has dominated the Dane in recent times , losing only once in nine meetings , but did n't have it all her own way in Ohio . Like in last week 's Rogers Cup quarterfinal matchup between the pair in Montreal , Williams had to bounce back from a set down before recovering to win 2-6 6-2 6-4 . Both players struggled on their serves leading to an unusually high 15 service breaks throughout the match . The final set witnessed breaks of serve in each of the first five games before Williams pulled away to close out . "  I got off to a little bit of a slow start , but I was definitely in it , " Williams said in quotes carried by the WTA website after the match . "  I was just physically grinding and trying to get in there and really just trying to grind out everything . "  Wozniacki 's  a really good returner and she was getting everything back , and making some good shots . It was n't just on the return , she was able to play some really good points after the return too . "  She 's playing great tennis , even better than what she 's been playing in the last couple years , taking that defense and adding a lot of offense to it and going for her shots . She does both really well . " For her part , Wozniacki was frustrated to lose but encouraged by how far she pushed Williams given her less than stellar record in matchups between the pair . "  I did n't get many first serves in , " Wozniacki said . "  When I did , they were n't placed very well . "  It 's frustrating , because you lose a match 6-4 in the third and you only hold serve once . I actually broke Serena three times in the set , too . I do n't think that really happens very often to her , either . "  I felt like my game was there . I was fighting . I was running . I was trying to take the ball early . I was returning well . Then my serve comes around and I ca n't seem to hold serve . It 's frustrating . " Despite winning 17 grand slams and 61 singles titles in all during a glittering career , Williams has never been able to win the prestigious Cincinnati tournament . She came close last year but lost out after a nail-biting third set tie-breaker to Victoria Azarenka . Williams will now meet the winner of Saturday 's second semifinal between fifth-seed Maria Sharapova and ninth-seed Ana Ivanovic . Ferrer marches on In the first men 's semifinal Saturday , David Ferrer comfortably overcame Julian Benetteua in straight sets 6-3 6-2 . Ferrer fired down 20 winners throughout the course of the quickfire match that lasted little more than an hour and 10 minutes . The Spaniard will now face the winner of Saturday 's second semifinal between Roger Federer and Milos Raonic .	Serena Williams defeats Caroline Wozniacki at Cincinnati Masters World No 1 . wins 2-6 6-2 6-4 to reach Ohio final for second straight year David Ferrer comfortably beats Julian Benetteua to reach men 's final
LAREDO , Texas  CNN  -- Rosalio Reta sits at a table inside a Laredo Police Department interrogation room . A detective , sitting across the table , asks him how it all started . Gabriel Cardona , who shows his tattooed eyelids , worked as a hit man for a Mexican cartel . Reta , in Spanish street slang , describes his initiation as an assassin , at the age of 13 , for the Mexican Gulf Cartel , one of the country 's two major drug gangs . "  I thought I was Superman . I loved doing it , killing that first person , " Reta says on the videotape obtained by CNN . "  They tried to take the gun away , but it was like taking candy from kid . " Rosalio Reta and his friend , Gabriel Cardona , were members of a three-person cell of American teenagers working as cartel hit men in the United States , according to prosecutors . The third was arrested by Mexican authorities and stabbed to death in prison there three days later . In interviews with CNN , Laredo police detectives and prosecutors told how Cardona and Reta were recruited by the cartel to be assassins after they began hitting the cantinas and clubs just across the border . Watch how the teens turned into drug cartel hitmen " CNN has also obtained detailed court records as well as several hours of police interrogation videos . The detective sitting across the table from Reta and Cardona in those sessions is Robert Garcia . He 's a veteran of the Laredo Police Department and one of the few officers who has questioned the young men . "  One thing you wonder all the time : What made them this way ? " Garcia told CNN . "  They were just kids themselves , waiting around playing PlayStation or Xbox , waiting around for the order to be given . " Over a nearly one-year period starting in June 2005 , the border town of Laredo , Texas , saw a string of seven murders . At first glance , the violence looked like isolated , gangland-style killings . But investigators started suspecting something more sinister . Then Noe Flores was gunned down in a clear case of mistaken identity . Investigators found a fingerprint on a cigarette box inside the suspected shooter 's get-away car . That clue unraveled the chilling reality and led police to arrest Gabriel Cardona and Rosalio Reta . Prosecutors say they quickly discovered these two teenagers were homegrown assassins , hired to carry out the dirty work of the notorious Gulf Cartel . "  There are sleeper cells in the U.S. , " said Detective Garcia . "  They 're here , they 're here in the United States . " The cases against Cardona and Reta -- both are in prison serving long prison sentences for murder -- shed new light into the workings of the drug cartels . Prosecutor and investigators say Reta and Cardona were recruited into a group called "  Los Zetas , " a group made up of former members of the Mexican special military forces . They 're considered ruthless in how they carry out attacks . "  Los Zetas " liked what they saw in Cardona and Reta . Both teenagers received six-month military-style training on a Mexican ranch . Investigators say Cardona and Reta were paid $ 500 a week each as a retainer , to sit and wait for the call to kill . Then they were paid up to $ 50,000 and 2 kilos of cocaine for carrying out a hit . The teenagers lived in several safe houses around Laredo and drove around town in a $ 70,000 Mercedes-Benz . As the teens became more immersed in the cartel lifestyle , their appearance changed . Cardona had eyeballs tattooed on his eyelids . Reta 's face became covered in tattoo markings .  Prosecutors say during his trial Reta used make-up to cover the facial markings .  And both sported tattoos of "  Santa Muerte , " the Grim Reaper-like pseudo-saint worshipped by drug traffickers . "  These organizations , these cartels , they function like a Fortune 500 company , " Webb County , Texas , prosecutor Uriel Druker said . "  We have to remember that the United States is the market they are trying to get to . " In Cardona 's interrogation tape , there are clues that "  Los Zetas " are reaching deeper and deeper into the United States . Cardona is asked , "  Where else are the Zetas ? " And Cardona responds , "  I 've heard in Dallas and Houston . " And that 's why the cartel recruited these young Americans . Cardona and Reta could move freely and easily back and forth across the border with Mexico . Just hours before they were arrested , federal authorities taped a phone conversation between them in which Cardona brags about killing 14-year-old Inez Villareal and his cousin , a Cardona rival . Cardona laughs as he describes torturing the two boys and dumping their bodies in large metal drums filled with diesel fuel . He says he made "  guiso , " or stew , with their bodies . As the call ends , Cardona says , "  There are three left to kill , there are three left . "	U.S. teens are accused of acting as Mexican cartel hit men in Laredo , Texas One allegedly told police : "  I loved ... killing that first person " Police detective : "  One thing you wonder all the time is what made them be this way ? " Prosecutors say both teens were given military-style training in Mexico
The rollout of the Affordable Care Act has been unquestionably rocky , but the rush to judgment was over the top . Critics had their knives out even though little data are available on initial program enrollment and success . It 's much too early to declare the program either a failure or a success . Commentators who claim certainty need to be more humble in recognizing how little we know yet and more patient until we know more . All the focus on the website problems obscured those benefits the ACA has already created since its passage in 2010 . More than 3 million young adults have gained insurance coverage after family coverage was extended through age 26 . Since the law passed , closing Medicare 's "  doughnut hole " allowed more than 7 million seniors and disabled people to save an average of $ 1,200 per person on prescription drugs . Consumers have saved about $ 5 billion over the past two years through requirements that insurers spend at least 80 % of the premium dollar on care for patients . And 71 million Americans with private insurance , as well as 25 million enrollees in Medicare , have gained coverage for at least one free preventive service . The years since the ACA was passed have been marked by the slowest three-year period of health care cost growth on record . The ACA does n't bear full credit for this slowdown , particularly given the weak economy . But the fact that the slowdown has persisted even as the economy has improved , and the fact that costs have grown more slowly even within the Medicare program whose enrollees are largely protected from economic shocks , suggests that the ACA is playing some role in this historic slowdown . The early success stories have been ignored in all the attention paid to the implementation problems . The premiums offered on the exchanges cost 16 % less than what the Congressional Budget Office projected them to be . This results in significantly lower costs to people and saves almost $ 200 billion in the federal government budget . Of course , the biggest changes to our system took place New Year 's Day . But it is simply too early to judge their impact . For example , when Massachusetts piloted the approach embodied in the ACA , we had very slow enrollment , with only 123 paying customers signing up the first month our subsidized insurance was available . There was a rush of enrollment right before the individual mandate kicked in , and ultimately over three years the program covered about two-thirds of the state 's uninsured citizens , leaving Massachusetts with a 3 % uninsured rate , the lowest in the nation . So , when will we be able to draw conclusions ? The first date to focus on is March 31 , when we can measure how many people enrolled in private and public insurance . Yet what matters more than total enrollment is the health mix of enrollees , relative to what insurers expected when they provided their lower-than-expected insurance bids . We wo n't really know about this health mix until the end of May , when insurers release their rates for 2015 . I expect that we will see only moderate increases in insurance rates at that point , as the federal government has created risk-sharing programs that should mitigate any "  rate shock " to the market . But we wo n't know for sure until we see the rates . The next key time to check success will be the fall of 2014 , when the government releases its initial figures on the changes in insurance coverage . Although many have made bold claims about how this law will impact coverage by private and public insurance , we simply wo n't know until we see the data from our major household surveys of insurance coverage , available in the fall of 2014 . Ultimately , the projections of the Congressional Budget Office suggest that the ACA will not be fully implemented for three years , the amount of time it took to ramp up to full implementation in Massachusetts . So we wo n't be able to draw final and firm conclusions until late in 2016 . This timetable might seem long , but a change as large as the ACA takes time . We must be patient in evaluating that change . Once the data come in , and enough time for the law to be fully implemented has passed , we can truly draw conclusions about this signature episode in the history of U.S. social policy .	Jonathan Gruber : It 's way too early to declare the Affordable Care Act a failure or a success . Gruber : It 's improved health care since 2010 for young adults , those on Medicare He says a crucial measure on March 31 will be health mix and number of enrollees Gruber : It will take three years to fully implement , like Massachusetts ' law did
New York  CNN  -- The New York Times on Saturday endorsed Christine Quinn , a Democrat , and Joseph Lhota , a Republican , ahead of the primary elections to determine who will run to succeed New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg . The endorsements by the renowned newspaper could have substantial influence on the September 10 primary elections for each party . Quinn , the City Council speaker and one of seven Democrats in the primary race , "  offers the judgment and record of achievement anyone should want in a mayor , " the newspaper said . "  She has shepherded through important laws protecting New Yorkers ' health , safety and civil rights , including measures banning public smoking , protecting tenants and small businesses , and battling slumlords . She sponsored the sweeping 2007 legislation that made the city 's exemplary campaign-finance laws even stronger , " the Times endorsement said . The newspaper gave credit to two other Democratic candidates , Bill de Blasio , the public advocate , and former comptroller William Thompson Jr. , but said the editorial board had already been set to endorse Quinn even before what they believed was her impressive performance in a debate Wednesday . "  We are honored to have the endorsement of the New York Times . The endorsement makes clear that Christine Quinn has n't just talked about being a progressive , she has a long record of fighting for New York 's progressive values and she has delivered results every step of the way , " said Mike Morey , spokesman for the campaign . According to the latest NBC 4 NY/Wall Street Journal/Marist survey released on August 16 , de Blasio and Quinn are currently tied in the polls . If no candidate obtains the required 40 % of the vote , the top two will hold a runoff on Oct. 1 . The crowded Democratic field includes former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner . The Times called Republican candidate Joe Lhota , once right-hand man to Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former chairman of the New York City Metropolitan Transportation Authority , "  the best qualified of the three men seeking the Republican nomination for mayor . " "  Few people know better than Mr. Lhota how city government works . He was an expert budget director for Mr. Giuliani , and then became deputy mayor for operations , " the Times said . "  In 2011 and 2012 , he ran the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which , under his leadership , recovered amazingly quickly from the damage done by Hurricane Sandy , " the paper said . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	New York Times issues mayoral endorsements Primaries are Sept. 10 General election winner will replace Bloomberg
London  CNN  -- In the week between her death and her funeral , Britons are having an awkward time coming to terms with the legacy of Margaret Thatcher , a prime minister who last held office 23 years ago -- meaning no one under 40 could have voted for her , yet the mix of anger and admiration is spread across the generations . The emotional outpouring in this famously undemonstrative nation is matched in recent memory only by the death of Diana , Princess of Wales , when flowers piled up outside royal palaces and Elton John 's mawkish "  Candle in the Wind " surged to the top of the charts . But while Diana was mourned in unity by millions as the "  people 's princess , " Thatcher 's death is being marked in widely different and unpredictable ways . WATCH : Not everyone 's mourning Thatcher 's death It has become an overused adjective in the media that Thatcher was "  divisive . " Some countries might put aside political differences and unite to respect the passing of a leader -- especially the first and only female PM , who won three successive general elections . But in the UK debate about Thatcher is raging almost as fiercely as it did in the 1980s over issues like the privatization of industries , the Falklands War , tax and social policy , her close relationship with American President Ronald Reagan and combative stance against the European Union . To many she was the woman who broke the mold , showing the way for others , and the leader who made "  Britain great again , " according to PM David Cameron . Geri Halliwell , aka "  Ginger Spice " from the 1990s girl band the Spice Girls , spoke for many when she tweeted this tribute : "  Thinking of our 1st Lady of girl power , Margaret Thatcher , a grocer 's daughter who taught me anything is possible ... x. " Halliwell later deleted the tweet in the face of online criticism , but went on to regret the move , describing herself as "  weak " and cowardly . Despite a generation having grown up since she left power , Thatcher 's supporters and critics remain passionate and loud -- including many too young to have known her reign directly . On the day her death was announced , impromptu parties popped up in cities across the land -- especially areas that saw unrest three decades ago such as Birmingham , Liverpool and Brixton , in south London , as well as former coal-mining communities devastated by long-term unemployment . The right-wing Daily Mail tabloid newspaper was again outraged , blaming three decades of "  vitriol and hatred from the left . " And as members of parliament gathered in parliament on Wednesday to honor her from the Conservative benches and recognize or revile her from the Labour side , bosses at the state-funded BBC were grappling with a new problem -- whether to air the song "  Ding Dong ! The Witch Is Dead " from "  Wizard of Oz " on its weekly chart show . The song reached Number 2 in the national charts after it was adopted by an anti-Thatcher group on Facebook and Twitter , prompting a backlash in newspapers that supported Thatcher , like the Mail , which denounced the architects of the protest as "  teachers of hatred " and "  revolting . " In the end , only a 5-second clip of the song was played , a messy compromise that pleased neither side . Meanwhile , soccer clubs , some of which are owned by Thatcher supporters , said it would be appropriate to hold a minute 's silence to honor her memory before kick-off at weekend games . But even Thatcher 's former Sports Minister David Mellor went on the record to say this was a bad idea . The message between the lines was that basically , fans could not be trusted to show respect . The English Football Association later decided against it , and none were held at any major fixtures . "  A minute silence is to mark and remember football people . Great football people . Or moments of national tragedy where all unite , say 9/11 or Remembrance Sunday ... " explained David Conn , a football writer for The Guardian newspaper . "  It was above politics . They have never had a minute 's silence for a political figure . By definition it is divisive . " If the former PM 's death alone was not enough to reopen old wounds , her "  ceremonial funeral with military honors , " planned for next week , certainly has . Like the services for the Queen Mother in 2001 , Diana in 1997 , and the state funeral for wartime leader Winston Churchill in 1965 , the coffin will be transported from Westminster to St. Paul 's Cathedral on a gun-carriage escorted by 700 military personnel , including those who fought in the Falklands conflict against Argentina 's annexation of the remote Atlantic islands . The service is really a state funeral in all but name ; although it is not dictated by parliament there will be plenty of pomp and for the first PM 's funeral since Churchill 's , Queen Elizabeth II will attend . The Guardian reported on Friday though that Thatcher herself wanted a more low-key funeral  "  I 'm not Winston , " she reportedly said  but the current Conservative-led coalition government appears to have over-ridden her wishes . The Daily Mail is not so easily brushed aside though , and at the end of last week was urging its 1 million-plus readers to send off coupons for a full state funeral . In the current climate , police are braced for protests from troublemakers . Why then does Thatcher continue to cause such trouble after her death ? In years to come , it may be significant that she died on the same day many of the coalition 's austerity cuts started to bite . On April 8 , major benefit curbs took effect while the top rate of income tax was cut from 50 % to 45 % for those earning more than Â # 150,000  230,000  , and the coalition government is attracting much flak for its economic policies . The cost of the funeral has also caused a ruckus , with many calling for a more low-key remembrance . "  In a context where there is great ill feeling about her legacy , " said the Bishop of Grantham , Thatcher 's own birthplace , "  we have a situation where we seem to be expecting the nation to glorify that with a Â # 10 million funeral is asking for trouble . People with extreme views will use it to promote their political views . " And if Cameron , Thatcher 's successor as Conservative leader , had hoped that her death would boost his own fortunes , he 'll be disappointed . This week it was revealed that support for the party had sunk to an all-time low . In contrast to his own low personal ratings , his predecessor 's death may remind voters that Thatcher was in a league of her own when it came to political charisma . As The Economist pointed out this week , Churchill may have won World War II , "  but he never created an ' - ism . ' " The end of the Thatcher-era also comes at a point when many politicians are debating to what extent the neo-liberal economic model espoused by Thatcher is to blame for the economic crisis of the last five years and what direction to take next . And while a scab on the wounds inflicted by Thatcherism communities by Thatcher grew during the years since her downfall in 1990 , the death of the "  Iron Lady " has brought them all back into the open . Those on the right are saying "  What the world needs now is more Thatcherism , not less , " while those on the left decry "  her demeanor and every discernible action  that  seemed to be to the detriment of our national spirit and identity . " For the next few days , the front line of this battle appears to have been drawn in British pubs , around its dining tables and on the streets of its cities .	Mixed feelings towards the legacy of the "  Iron Lady " in Britain Debate rages over the former PM 's political policies Impromptu parties celebrating her death have occurred around the country Cost of funeral has also caused ruckus ; many call for low-key remembrance
CNN  -- Pakistan 's much-awaited military offensive in North Waziristan was launched more than a week ago , and followed an attack on Karachi airport that left at least 36 people dead . Due to the strategic calculations of the Pakistani state , North Waziristan has steadily fallen into the hands of motley militant networks , and has become a mountainous zone for the Pakistani Taliban to recruit , regroup and launch attacks against the country . The Pakistani Army conducted a similar operation in the Swat Valley in 2009 , not too far from the tribal areas , that has been a relative success in reclaiming territory . It is unclear which direction the latest operation will go . But a major humanitarian crisis is brewing in the wake of the new offensive . As of Wednesday , the government had registered over 450,000 internally displaced people  IDPs  who have been fleeing the area in view of the aerial bombardments and warnings by military authorities . There are fears the figures could be much higher . Desperate need for shelter The military has taken extraordinary steps , especially in terms of its public relations efforts , to minimize the fallout in public perception . It 's issuing press releases , specifying how many terrorists have been killed , and giving a count of aid distributed . Yet , thousands of families still need immediate support in terms of livelihood , shelter and basic amenities . While the United Nations has stepped in to provide aid , distribution systems have a long way to go in meeting the scale of demand . Beyond North Waziristan , the Pakhtun population follows the age-old custom of accepting and looking after "  guests . " Predictably , many families fleeing the violence are being absorbed into the towns and villages of Bannu , in neighboring Khyber Pakhtunkhwa  KP  province . Bannu town is straining under the pressure of a massive population influx . While local Pakhtuns and civic groups have been engaged , the response of the government authorities has been slow . The disaster management authority  FDMA  in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas  FATA  , underfunded like most government agencies , is battling with the magnitude of the crisis . Government response The government has established one camp in Bannu , but many more facilities are needed , especially during the hot summer season . A meager grant is being offered to each family for their multifarious needs , but very few have received it so far . The political opposition that rules KP has complained of a funds shortage , and voices in the media have criticized the federal government 's inordinate focus on domestic political squabbles and high profile infrastructure projects , ignoring the plight of homeless people . The minister in charge of the government response â $ " the Federal Minister for States and Frontier Regions retired Lt Gen Abdul Qadri Baloch -- has said "  every reasonable need of the IDPs will be taken care of in the best possible manner and money is not an issue . " However , he also urged fellow Pakistanis to "  open their pockets . " Few places to go Pakistan 's ethnic politics also impedes free movement of IDPs . While the country 's constitution allows for freedom of movement for its citizens , the provincial governments of Sindh and Punjab have restricted the inflow of migrants from the north . The provincial government of Sindh says that it is already dealing with two million "  aliens " and has attributed the rise of militancy in the port city Karachi due to earlier in-country migrations . Similarly , Punjab , the home province of Pakistan 's Prime Minister , has refused to host the displaced people . This policy has been termed illegal by political leaders and has caused resentment not just among the IDPs but Pakistan 's Pakhtun population in general . Marginalized population The people of North Waziristan -- and the tribal region FATA -- have been stranded between the military and the militants for more than a decade . They have dealt with historic marginalization , underdevelopment , high poverty levels and , of late , the polio epidemic . An estimated 160,000 children are vulnerable since the Taliban banned immunization in North Waziristan two years ago , terming immunization as a "  Western conspiracy . " A major worry nationally is that the polio virus may spread faster than it has in recent months . According to government officials , Pakistan has reported 65 polio cases from FATA this year of which 50 alone pertained to North Waziristan . Challenge and opportunities These grave challenges require leadership and effective interagency coordination . Pakistan 's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has set up a high level body that monitors the day-to-day situation . But , it is the local authorities that need more funds and broader mandates . The risks of aggravating the already marginalized people are manifold . Increased radicalization is one since the area is an open field for charities affiliated with extremist organizations . There are opportunities as well . Free of Taliban diktat , there is a greater scope for immunization campaigns for the children now . There is also an opportunity to rebuild FATA , which has been governed since the British times as a remote outpost of the Empire with little or no rights for the local population . Earlier reform efforts led nowhere . Political and administrative reforms must follow the military operations . Local governments and courts are needed for the area . Pakistan 's tribal belt has to evolve from its current status as a "  strategic , " semi-colonial arena to a democratic polity . This requires a civil-military consensus . For now , the country must tackle the growing numbers of homeless and avoid another catastrophe in the making . Fleeing Pakistanis crowd border towns , asking ` why were n't we warned ? '	Hundreds of thousands of people are fleeing North Waziristan Rumi : Government has been slow to act to avert humanitarian crisis Army launched strikes in retaliation for Pakistan Taliban attack on airport Civilians caught in the crackdown are crowding nearby town of Bannu
NYON , Switzerland -- Celtic have been fined $ 50,800 by UEFA and AC Milan 's Dida has been banned for two matches after the incident which saw a pitch-invading supporter approach the Brazilian goalkeeper in last week 's Champions League match at Celtic Park . Dida 's theatrical over-reaction has resulted in UEFA suspending him for two matches . The incident occurred when the Scottish side beat Milan 2-1 in Glasgow . A fan ran onto the field in the 90th minute , soon after the home side scored their winning goal , and made what appeared to be minimal contact with Dida . The Milan goalkeeper turned to chase the supporter before dropping to the ground . He was carried off the field on a stretcher and replaced . Dida 's theatrical over-reaction has cost him severely -- but Celtic may choose not to complain about their own punishment , with half of their fine suspended for two years . UEFA did have the power to change the result of the match , although that was always unlikely . UEFA 's control and disciplinary body found Celtic guilty of charges of "  lack of organisation and improper conduct of supporters " , while Dida was found to have breached UEFA 's "  principles of loyalty , integrity and sportsmanship " . Milan have pledged to appeal against the punishment , which as it stands means he will miss the club 's Champions League games against Shakhtar Donetsk . "  It 's a suspension that is absolutely excessive , " said Milan lawyer Leandro Cantamessa . "  It seems to us a very , very unbalanced sentence . It turns Dida into the protagonist of the incident , whereas the protagonist was someone else , and that 's not right from a logical point of view . " Celtic acted swiftly to punish the 27-year-old supporter , who turned himself in and has since admitted a breach of the peace in court and will be sentenced next month . The club banned the fan for life from all their matches , home and away . Celtic chief executive Peter Lawwell said : "  As a club we feel this penalty is proportionate to the incident in question and a fair outcome . " E-mail to a friend	AC Milan 's Brazilian goalkeeper Dida is suspended by UEFA for two matches Dida was banned for his over-reacting to being touched by a Celtic supporter Celtic have been fined $ 50,800 for allowing the fan to run onto the field of play
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel 's government rejected a Qatari offer to re-establish trade relations that would have allowed the Gulf state to provide aid to Gaza , two senior Israeli government officials said Thursday . One official , who did not want to be named citing the sensitivity of the matter , said there had been "  tentative discussions " within the Israeli government on the informal Qatari proposal , which would have linked the re-establishment of economic ties with Israel with Israel 's granting permission for the Gulf state to send reconstruction supplies and other goods into Gaza . The official said that the idea was rejected because it was seen "  as a way of bolstering Hamas " and said American and Egyptian officials had expressed similar concerns . The same official said the proposal did not come as a "  formal request or offer " from the Qatari government but could offer no details on who initially presented the idea . News of Israel 's rejection of the Qatari offer was first reported by Israeli newspaper Haaretz on Tuesday . An official from the U.S. Consulate in Jerusalem could not immediately comment . Qatari officials could not immediately be reached for comment . Another senior Israeli government official said "  we were favorable " to the idea of renewed relations , but that the Qatari "  precondition " of allowing "  large amounts " of goods into the Gaza was a deal breaker . The official said it was not clear who would have overseen the process . The proposal did not address Israel 's concerns "  about the unrestricted flow of material that can be used for defensive fortifications " by Hamas and "  we had to say no , " the official said . The Palestinian territory of Gaza has been subjected to an Israeli and Egyptian blockade since 2007 , when the Islamist group Hamas staged a violent coup ousting the Palestinian Authority government lead by Fatah , a rival political faction . Qatar and Israel maintained trade relations from 1996 until last year . Relations fell apart after the start of Israel 's military operation against Hamas in Gaza at the end of 2008 . The three-week campaign , dubbed Operation Cast Lead , ended with approximately 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis killed . In protest , the Qatari government in Doha ordered the Israeli trade office closed . Qatar was the only Gulf country to maintain official relations with the Jewish state . In a statement released earlier this month after a meeting of Arab leaders , the Qatari Prime Minister Hamad Bin Jassem Bin Jabor Al-Thani criticized Israel 's Gaza policy , saying it contravened international legitimacy . "  We have to concentrate on confronting the Israeli siege imposed on Gaza which is oppressive and it is our duty to save the Palestinians who are part of us and we are part of them , " he said . Qatar has long sought to bolster its role in regional diplomacy . Bringing about a deal to send in construction supplies to Gaza would be regarded by many in the Arab world as a diplomatic coup , though it is unlikely that Egypt would be receptive to such an arrangement . The Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz reported Thursday that Egypt had expressed its opposition to Israel over the Qatari proposal , and that it was ultimately rejected so as not to upset the government of Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak . Egyptian Foreign Ministry spokesman Hossam Zaki told CNN that "  the Israeli newspaper report is a fairy tale and quite illogical . " "  Since when do the Israelis need to consult with Egypt when they want to establish relations with any other party ? " Zaki asked . "  It is clear that the Israelis do not want to offend the Qataris and therefore they  the Israelis  resorted to their usual game in striking a nerve in order to start trouble between Egypt and Qatar , just to make Israel look innocent , " the spokesman added .	Israeli officials say Qatar offered to re-establish trade relations Qatar wanted to provide economic aid to Gaza Israel fears any aid would bolster Hamas , officials say
CNN  -- Zachary Tomaselli , the third man to publicly allege that former Syracuse University coach Bernie Fine molested him , pleaded guilty Tuesday to charges that he sexually abused a teenage boy . Under the terms of the deal , Tomaselli faces a maximum of three years and three months in prison , said defense attorney Justin Leary . Tomaselli originally faced 11 charges , including gross sexual assault , in Maine involving alleged assaults against a then 13 - and 14-year-old in 2009 and 2010 . The two had grown close when Tomaselli was the teen 's summer camp counselor . Seven of those charges were dropped , Leary said , and Tomaselli pleaded guilty to gross sexual assault , unlawful sexual contact and two counts of visual sexual aggression towards a minor . Tomaselli , 23 , had told CNN earlier this month that he planned to plead guilty . "  I take complete responsibility for what I did , " he said by phone from Lewiston , Maine . Tomaselli , who is currently out on bail , is the third man to say publicly that Fine molested him . Mike Lang and his stepbrother , Bobby Davis , have also stepped forward to accuse the former men 's assistant basketball coach of molesting them over several years . Tomaselli said he and Fine watched pornography together before Fine fondled him in a hotel room in Pittsburgh , where he 'd gone to watch a Syracuse game in 2002 . He was 13 years old when the alleged abuse occurred . Police in Syracuse and Pittsburgh are investigating the allegations and looking for other potential victims , authorities have said . When the allegations first surfaced , Fine -- married with a son and two daughters -- called them "  patently false . " He has not commented since . CNN 's Kristen Hamill and Ronni Berke contributed to this report .	Zachary Tomaselli faces a maximum of three years , three months in prison "  I take complete responsibility for what I did , " he tells CNN Tomaselli , 23 , is currently out on bail
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- As Libya entered its fourth week of bloody clashes Tuesday , there was little doubt that the situation had turned into all-out civil war . Rebels have seized several cities from government control and the army has fiercely fought to reclaim some of them . Death toll estimates have ranged from more than 1,000 to as many as 2,000 . Thousands more have fled the country , prompting a human rights group to once again urge both sides to allow humanitarian aid in . "  Both the Libyan government and opposition forces need to allow unhindered access for aid organizations to assist civilians , " Bill Frelick , refugee program director at Human Rights Watch said Tuesday . "  People living in areas of heavy fighting in western Libya are now in dire need of medical aid and other assistance . " Late Monday night , the Gulf Cooperation Council said Libya had rejected its offer of humanitarian aid . The council is comprised of Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Meanwhile , Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi took aim at the rebel-controlled town of Ras Lanuf , launching aerial strikes Monday to crush the uprising against him . Gadhafi 's aerial forces targeted the main road heading into the oil town after launching another air strike earlier , five kilometers  3.1 miles  southeast of the city . The opposition fired anti-aircraft guns in response . The protests against Gadhafi began February 15 as anti-government demonstrators sought the ouster of the 68-year-old Gadhafi who has ruled for nearly 42 years of rule . It started as the kind of revolution that swept neighboring Tunisia and Egypt , but since then the uprising has turned into warfare . And as reports continue to emerge of the government 's use of force against civilians , the international community has been left pondering strategies on how to end the violence . Three members of the U.N. Security Council -- France , Britain , and the United States -- were working Monday on a possible resolution that would include language on a no-fly zone over Libya , diplomatic sources at the United Nations said . And the Gulf Cooperation Council said Monday night they supported such an action . But any kind of military intervention could face sharp criticism from Russia and China , two permanent members of the council that wield veto power . U.S. President Barack Obama said Monday he had a "  very clear message to those who are around Col. Gadhafi . " "  It is their choice to make how they operate moving forward and they will be held accountable for whatever violence continues to take place there , " he said . NATO said it has begun around-the-clock surveillance flights of Libya . "  We 've got NATO as we speak consulting in Brussels around a wide range of potential options , including potential military options , " Obama added . With no clear end to the deadly clashes in sight , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appointed a new special envoy to Libya to discuss the crisis with officials in Tripoli . The fierce fighting has sparked the flight of Libyans and foreigners out of Libya , with nations across the globe scrambling to help people leave . About 200,000 people have fled Libya with nearly equal numbers going to Tunisia and Egypt , the U.N. refugee agency has said . But between 15,000 and 17,000 people are still at a refugee camp near the Libya-Tunisia border . Of those left , the majority are from Bangladesh , the U.N. refugee agency said . The group plans to start running chartered flights to there Tuesday . A man who said he was trapped in Misrata , a city east of Tripoli that has seen heavy clashes , said the rebels were running out of weapons -- but will continue to fight . "  Maybe tomorrow I 'll still be alive , i do n't know . I have nothing to lose , " the man said . "  Nobody believes he will be alive tomorrow . Nobody knows . We need support . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Nic Robertson , Arwa Damon , Salma Abdelaziz , Jomana Karadsheh and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	NEW : Gulf states say Libya has rejected their offer of humanitarian aid NEW : They support a no-fly zone over Libya Human rights group urges both sided to allow aid in 3 members of the U.N. Security Council discuss a possible no-fly zone
London , England  CNN  -- Snow and freezing temperatures hit large parts of Britain Wednesday , forcing airports and railway lines to close down , and forecasters warned that more bad weather was on the way . Most of Britain was covered in snow , with 20 to 30 centimeters  nearly 8 to nearly 12 inches  of snow in the southern parts , and up to 15 feet in the Pennines , the mountain range that runs from northern England north to Scotland . Four airports , including London 's Gatwick , were shut down because of snow and ice . Gatwick said 84 flights were canceled , mainly on British Airways and EasyJet . Bristol , Blackpool , and Exeter airports were also closed . iReport : A snowy day in Chertsey , Surrey British Airways was forced to cancel "  dozens " of flights in and out of London 's Heathrow Airport Terminal 5 due to snow and ice , a spokesman told CNN Wednesday . Both incoming and outbound flights were experiencing significant delays , the spokesman said . BA operates about 400 flights a day in and out of Terminal 5 , the airport 's newest wing . According to BAA Limited , the company that operates the British airports , Heathrow "  overall is fine , " as the facility was alternating runways to keep cancellations to a minimum . Stansted Airport in north London was briefly closed but reopened at midday . Still , it reported 27 flight cancellations . Manchester Airport , which was shut Tuesday , was reopened . Officials said snow was unlikely to affect flights , but warned travelers to expect delays because of Tuesday 's flight cancelations . All major train lines were open , but some train operators were running restricted services because of the weather . They included South West Trains , which runs services between London and some of the hardest-hit areas , such as Hampshire , Surrey and Wiltshire , and Chiltern Railways , which runs between London and Birmingham . Virgin Trains said it planned a regular service , but it warned of the risk of delays and cancelations on routes between London and Birmingham , Manchester , Liverpool and Scotland . Trains in northern England and Scotland were suffering because of the snow . There were no services between the Scottish cities of Inverness and Perth , National Rail said , and no trains between the English cities of Sheffield and Leeds . Frigid temperatures batter the U.S. south Britain 's Highways Agency warned of difficult driving conditions in central southern England and the north of the country . It urged drivers to delay non-essential trips . Dozens of cars were left sitting on the side of the road in Southampton , near England 's southern coast , after drivers became stuck in snow . The Highways Agency warned drivers to avoid the nearby A3 highway , which runs between London and Portsmouth , because of weather conditions . The agency said it was doing continuous salt treatment and snow plowing on major roadways in England . Schools were closed across the country because of the heavy snowfall . Officials said 176 schools were shut in Buckinghamshire and 164 were closed in Oxfordshire just to the northwest of London . About 330 schools in Gloucestershire , 200 in Somerset , and 143 in Wiltshire were closed because of snow , officials said . Hundreds of schools were also closed in Kent , Shropshire , Herefordshire , Worcestershire , Coventry , Bath , Windsor , Maidenhead , Liverpool , and Brighton , officials said . Let us know how you are coping with the cold weather ? The Met Office , Britain 's weather service , said more snow was expected Wednesday for southern and northeast England . It warned of "  very heavy snowfall " in southwest and southeast England and London , with up to a foot of snow possible . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and Phil Han contributed to this report .	Severe weather brought parts of the UK to a virtual standstill because of heavy snow Four airports are shut and others are warning of delays and cancellations Hundreds of schools across the the UK have closed their doors Forecasters are warning of more snow
CNN  -- Roger Federer will surrender his world No. 1 ranking to Novak Djokovic after the 17-time major winner confirmed he is pulling out of the Paris Masters through injury . Federer endured a painful defeat to Juan Martin Del Potro at the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel on Sunday , a match that lasted a grueling two hours and 45 minutes . And after his marathon match , he confirmed he would skip the Paris Masters in order to focus on the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London that start in early November . That decision means he will lose the rankings points he accrued from three tournaments last year , and will be unable to overhaul Djokovic even if he wins his third straight World Tour Finals crown . "  It 's just too much , " Federer was quoted as saying on the official Paris Masters website after defeat in his home town . "  I was trying to make up my mind and I had some niggles I did n't want to take a chance on . I do n't want to take a chance for London . "  I feel very disappointed as I had one of the best weeks of my life there last year , but this is just a last-minute decision . " Djokovic enjoyed a 53-week stay at the top of the rankings after his record-breaking 2011 until Federer regained top spot after taking his seventh Wimbledon title back in July . But Djokovic will now end the year as world No. 1 for a second successive year , the first time that has happened since Federer held it between 2004 and 2007 . With Rafael Nadal out for the rest of the year with a knee injury , Andy Murray is the major threat to the dominance of Federer and Djokovic and the Briton says he is raring to go after missing the Basel tournament . "  I had a full week of rest after Shanghai which I needed , " Murray told the tournament 's official website . "  I 've had a pretty decent preparation for the tournament , which is good . " Murray is one of the strong favorites for the Paris title , and he is gearing up for a big end to his breakthrough year in which he took his first ever grand slam victory and an Olympic gold medal to boot . "  It does n't make sense to come and save energy , " added the U.S. Open champion . "  Having a full week of rest at this stage of the season  is something that  in the past I had n't really had , so I feel so much fresher coming into Paris than I had done the last few years . "  I 'll try to play my best this week and then see what happens in London . I feel better at this stage of the year compared with last year . " Murray will begin his Paris campaign on Wednesday against either French wild-card Paul-Henri Mathieu or Spanish qualifier Ricardo Bautista-Agut .	Roger Federer will surrender his world No. 1 status by missing Paris Masters The Swiss pulls out of the penultimate tournament of 2012 with injury Federer lost the Swiss Indoors final to Juan Martin Del Potro on Sunday Novak Djokovic now guaranteed to retain the top ranking at the end of 2012
The Republican-led House approved a resolution on Wednesday authorizing Speaker John Boehner to sue President Barack Obama over claims he abused his powers at the expense of Congress and the Constitution . The vote was 225-201 . Republicans argue Obama 's executive orders in a number of areas were unlawful because it 's the job of Congress to make or change laws . But they believe his handling of the Affordable Care act gives them the best chance at proving their case , and are basing the suit on that issue . House authorization now allows GOP-leaders to have the unusual challenge filed in federal court . The time frame for that is not clear and many legal experts question whether any judge would take it on . Not a single House Democrat voted for the resolution and five Republicans opposed it . They were : GOP members Paul Broun of Georgia , Scott Garrett of New Jersey , Thomas Massie of Kentucky , Steve Stockman of Texas , and Walter Jones of North Carolina . The vote takes partisan rancor in Washington to a new level less than four months before congressional midterms with control of the Senate at stake . The focus on Obamacare also magnifies politics around the sweeping health law Republicans did n't support and have tried to derail since its approval in 2010 . It also illustrates Obama 's attempts to act on his own with he and Congress getting nowhere on top-shelf legislative initiatives . Dems claim impeachment coming Democrats quickly seized to turn the debate on the lawsuit , saying prior to the vote that the real desire of the GOP is to ultimately impeach Obama . Boehner , who has repeatedly said he disagrees with those pushing impeachment , attempted to shut down that discussion this week . Insisting that Republicans have "  no plans " and "  no future plans " to impeach Obama , Boehner denounced the talk of it as "  a scam started by Democrats at the White House . " But Democrats seized on polls showing a majority of Americans oppose any effort to remove the President from office , and are n't letting go of the issue . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said the lawsuit was "  on a path to nowhere or maybe among some in your ranks , a path to impeachment . " Apparently not satisfied with Boehner 's assurance , Pelosi directed this at him : "  If you do n't want to hear people use the word impeachment , as your people have done , then tell them impeachment is off the table . " CNN poll on suit , impeachment Obama tweaks GOP on impeachment Obama , himself , tweaked Republicans on Wednesday . In Kansas City , Missouri , he noted the House was about to leave Washington for the month of August , but "  the main vote that they have scheduled for today is whether or not they decide to sue me for doing my job . " During debate , Democrats lined up on their side of the chamber and one after the other requested that GOP leaders allow votes on measures to raise the minimum wage , extend jobless benefits , and ensure pay equity . They knew Republicans would n't hold off on the lawsuit to take any of those issues up , but the the theater was designed to underscore their argument that the majority party was focused on the lawsuit rather than legislating . The campaign arm for House Democrats arm has raised $ 7.6 million from appeals to supporters citing the suit and tied it to the threat of impeachment . Rep. Steve Israel , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , defended the aggressive public push and pledged Democrats would continue it through the midterm election in November . "  You bet we 're going to run on a Congress that is just obsessed with lawsuits , suing the President , talking about impeaching him , instead of solutions for the middle class , " Israel told CNN . Americans do n't like suit , impeachment A CNN/ORC International poll released last week showed those Americans surveyed , by a 57 % -41 % margin , opposed the lawsuit . Nearly two-thirds said Obama should not be impeached . Texas Republican Pete Sessions responded to Democratic refrains that the resolution was the first step toward impeachment . He said the House voted in 1998 to impeach Bill Clinton because "  he lied to an FBI agent , he lied to a federal grand jury , and he violated the federal law which was a felony . " But in Obama 's case , Republicans believe he is n't "  faithfully executing the laws , " which he has sworn to do , and "  that is an entirely different process . " Oregon Republican Greg Walden , chairman of the House Republican 's political operation , said "  impeachment is not on table . " And he issued a warning to fellow Republicans at a meeting , saying that any time the GOP raised the issue it only helped Democrats . The Obamacare focus When Boehner announced last month that he would sue Obama , he followed a course many tea party members and conservatives had urged for months . They were especially angered by actions Obama took without consulting Congress to change or delay key Obamacare provisions , to allow children of undocumented immigrants to stay in the country , and to release Taliban prisoners from U.S. custody in exchange for Afghan war prisoner Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl . Initially , Boehner indicated the House would sue over Obama 's decision last summer to delay for a year a central health law requirement for businesses provide health coverage to their employees . The House voted to do the same thing last July , but Republicans argued they did so to protect the integrity of Congress in the face of what they believed was executive overreach . After consulting legal experts , the House resolution was tweaked to give Boehner more flexibility . It specified that the suit can cite the administration 's implementation of any provision of Obamacare . The House 's Office of General Counsel will represent the House in court and the resolution gives it the authority to hire outside lawyers to finalize the legal strategy and file a formal complaint . Many constitutional experts have raised doubts that the courts will take up the case . The legal burden will be on the House to present how it was damaged as an institution by the President 's actions . Analysis : Obama impeachment talk just political theater	Republicans pushing suit over Obama executive actions , 5 Republicans vote no They say the President is violating the law by circumventing Congress Democrats say the suit is just a primer for a Republican-led impeachment of Obama Speaker John Boehner says there are no impeachment plans ; Democrats raising money off it
Beijing  CNN  China 's state prosecutors on Friday formally charged the country 's former security czar with accepting bribes , making him the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges . Zhou Yongkang , 72 , was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets , the Supreme People 's Procuratorate , the highest prosecution authority in China , said . As a member of the ruling Communist Party 's Politburo Standing Committee -- China 's top decision-making body -- Zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people . He retired in 2012 . At the height of his power , Zhou controlled police forces , spy agencies , court systems as well as prosecution offices across China -- and was n't shy in deploying his vast assets to crush dissent and unrest in the name of "  preserving social stability . " Now , prosecutors have accused Zhou of "  taking advantage of his posts to seek benefits for others and illegally accepting huge amounts of money " during his long political career . His alleged actions have caused heavy losses to public assets and greatly harmed national interests , they added . Zhou was notified of his legal rights during the investigation and his lawyer 's views were heard , according to a statement by the prosecutors . His case will be tried in Tianjin , a city near the Chinese capital , Beijing . The president of China 's supreme court recently told reporters there would be "  open " trials for accused former leaders like Zhou . However , the charge of leaking state secrets may allow authorities to shield certain legal proceedings from public view in Zhou 's case . Zhou has not been seen in public since he attended an anniversary event at his alma mater in October 2013 . He was expelled from the Communist Party and arrested last December . State media have painted an intricate web of officials , cronies and tycoons -- some with alleged mafia connections -- orbiting around Zhou before the crumbling of his power structure last summer . Zhou and his family members were said to have accumulated enormous wealth , in a blatant exchange between money and power . He was also found to have affairs with multiple women and allegedly traded power for sex , state-run Xinhua news agency reported last year . Analysts have viewed his shocking downfall as a watershed moment in the secretive world of Chinese politics , now ruled by President Xi Jinping . Xi has been spearheading a massive anti-corruption campaign , targeting both "  tigers " and "  flies " -- high-ranking , and low-level , officials . Zhou is by far the biggest tiger caught in Xi 's dragnet to date . "  The important thing here is that Xi has proven he 's powerful enough to break this taboo of never incriminating former Politburo Standing Committee members , " longtime political analyst Willy Lam , a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong , said last year , when the government revealed its formal investigation into Zhou . Many observers also note Zhou 's patronage of Bo Xilai , a former Communist leader sentenced to life in prison for corruption in 2013 . Bo 's spectacular downfall the year before -- complete with tales of murder , bribery and betrayal -- attracted global attention . State media have cited his subsequent conviction as a prime example of Xi 's resolve to clean up the party . The former Chongqing Communist Party chief 's supporters , however , have long called him a political victim -- the former high-flying politician was once considered Xi 's main challenger for the top spot of Chinese leadership . Political watchers see similarities between the Bo and Zhou cases . "  The people being investigated for corruption are on the losing side of factional struggles , " said Lam , who has predicted a suspended death sentence for Zhou .	Prosecutors formally charged former top official Zhou Yongkang Zhou charged with accepting bribes , abuse of power and leaking state secrets Former domestic security official is the most senior Chinese official to face corruption charges
New York  CNN  -- A New York judge Friday postponed a decision on a proposed $ 657 million settlement for people who became ill after working on the World Trade Center site after the 9/11 terrorist attacks . The settlement , announced Thursday , would cover about 10,000 plaintiffs , said Marc Bern , one of the lawyers representing the workers . The postponement appeared to take attorneys -- and Mayor Michael Bloomberg -- by surprise . Attorneys for both sides and the mayor earlier made statements assuming the proposal would be approved by U.S. District Judge Alvin Hellerstein . The judge is particularly interested in making sure the attorneys ' cut of the settlement is equitable for all parties . "  This will not be a giveaway , " Hellerstein said Friday . "  This will be a fair and just settlement . " Christine LaSala , president of WTC Captive Insurance Co. , which announced the settlement , repeated after the judge 's announcement a statement issued Thursday night . "  This agreement enables workers and volunteers claiming injury from the WTC site operations to obtain compensation commensurate with the nature of their injuries and the strength of their claims , while offering added protection against possible future illness , " she said . The agreement comes after six years of legal wrangling -- a sometimes excruciating wait for his clients , Bern said . Many of his clients worked rescuing victims from the terrorist attacks or removing debris after the World Trade Center toppled . After the work , some found their health deteriorated , with many suffering from asthma , other respiratory issues and blood cancer , Bern told CNN Radio . "  I am quite gratified that we been able to reach a settlement for the heroes of 9/11 , " said Bern . "  The men and women who were exposed at the site have waited a long time for some type of resolution . " The WTC Captive Insurance Co. announced the settlement on Thursday . "  This agreement enables workers and volunteers claiming injury from the WTC site operations to obtain compensation commensurate with the nature of their injuries and the strength of their claims , while offering added protection against possible future illness , " the organization said in a statement . WTC Captive was created with a $ 1 billion FEMA grant and provides insurance coverage to the City of New York and its debris-removal contractors . In the aftermath of 9/11 , New York was unable to get adequate amounts of liability insurance for the rescue , recovery and debris-removal work done at the World Trade Center site . The settlement would provide a system to pay for the compensation of the injury claims made by workers . This would include construction workers , firefighters , police officers and other workers and volunteers . The settlement would also fund a special insurance policy , which provides additional compensation to any plaintiff contracting certain types of cancer in the future . The settlement agreement will be presented to a judge Friday morning who then could give preliminary approval of it by afternoon , Bern said . If the judge gives his OK , Bern 's law firm will send letters to the plaintiffs to tell them what money they are eligible for . "  The payments could range from thousands of dollars to nearly $ 2 million for clients , " Bern said . In order to make a claim , plaintiffs will have to submit proof they were present and participated in the post-9 / 11 efforts . They will also have to present specific medical documentation , including a diagnosis confirming their illness or injury . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said of the resolution , "  This settlement is a fair and reasonable resolution to a complex set of circumstances . Since September 11th , the city has moved aggressively to provide medical treatment to those who were present at Ground Zero , and we will continue our commitment to treatment and monitoring . " A spokesman for the mayor declined further comment . After the 9/11 attacks , individuals who worked or volunteered in the rescue , recovery and debris-removal project were entitled to and have received free medical care , which has been funded by the City of New York and the federal government . Participating in the settlement would not deter access to that care . Former New York firefighter Kenny Specht told CNN 's Campbell Brown , "  You really ca n't put a price on your health , so I hope that this settlement was done the right way and I hope that it was done with people 's health and safety and future in mind . " Specht , 37 , was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2008 . CNN 's Jamie Guzzardo and Patty Lane contributed to this report .	NEW : WTC Captive Insurance Co. announced settlements with more than 10,000 plaintiffs WTC Captive provides coverage to the city and its debris-removal contractors Settlement would provide system to pay for compensation of injury claims
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian President Dmitry Medvedev called on the ruling United Russia party Saturday to endorse Prime Minister Vladimir Putin for president in 2012 . Putin in turn suggested that Medvedev should take over the role of prime minister if the party wins parliamentary elections in December , in what would be a straight swap of roles . Putin has already served two terms as the country 's president from 2000 to 2008 . It had not been clear until now whether Medvedev , his protege , would seek to run for a second term in presidential elections due to take place in March , fueling months of speculation . Addressing the party congress in Moscow , Medvedev said he wanted to answer the important question of who would be the party 's presidential candidate -- and that he believed it should be Putin , the party 's chairman . The ruling party 's endorsement makes it highly likely that Putin will be returned to the country 's top office , observers say . Medvedev 's remarks were interrupted by applause as the crowd gave Putin a standing ovation . "  This applause spares me the need to explain what experience and authority Vladimir Putin possesses , " Medvedev said . He explained the long delay in making clear which of them would run for president next year as an issue of "  political expediency , " saying they had to play by the rules of politics . Medvedev , who said he accepted Putin 's proposal that he stand for prime minister , said the government had succeeded in restoring a country that had been in "  a deep decline , in a systemic crisis " a decade ago . "  By our common efforts we 've managed to preserve and restore our beloved fatherland , our Russia . And we will not give it back to anyone , " he said . "  We will not give it back to those who want to destroy it , to those who deceive people by giving them empty and unfeasible slogans and promises . " In his own speech , Putin said it was a great honor to run for president and that his voice of command "  is not lost . " He said he wanted to see economic growth in Russia increase to 6-7 % in the near future . In the next five years , Russia should be among the five most powerful economies in the world , he said . Putin also set out the task of fully rearming the Russian armed forces in the next five to 10 years . Putin said he was sure the United Russia party , whose election ticket will be headed by Medvedev , would win December 's parliamentary elections . Medvedev would "  be able to build a new , efficiently-functioning and young team of managers , and lead the government so as to continue modernization of all aspects of our lives , " Putin added . For more than two years , Putin and Medvedev have repeatedly said they would decide together which of them would run for the Russian presidency in 2012 , fanning the flames of intrigue . Even during his time as prime minister , Putin has been widely perceived as the senior member of the Russian "  ruling tandem . " Putin had stepped down in 2008 because the Russian constitution at that time limited a president to two consecutive four-year terms . Under amendments to the constitution that came into force on December 31 , 2008 , the presidential term was extended to six years . This means that if Putin is elected in March 2012 for six years , he would be eligible to run for another six-year term after that , potentially keeping him in charge until 2024 . Under the same constitutional amendments the term for parliament members was extended from four to five years . Currently , the United Russia controls more than 300 seats in the 450-seat State Duma , the lower chamber of the Russian parliament . More than 10,000 people attended the party congress , held in Moscow 's Luzhniki Sports Arena . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Putin says Medvedev should be the next prime minister if the party is reelected Putin sets out goals for Russia 's economic growth Putin previously served as president from 2000 to 2008 Presidential elections will be held in March , after a parliamentary ballot in December
A Florida man who said he became addicted to spying on celebrities must spend the next 10 years in a federal prison for hacking their e-mail . Christopher Chaney , 36 , stole nude photos , scripts and personal information from the e-mail accounts of 50 entertainment industry figures , including movie stars Scarlett Johansson and Mila Kunis and singer Christina Aguilera , prosecutors said . The FBI 's Los Angeles office busted Chaney last year during its "  Operation Hackerazzi , " which looked into computer intrusions targeting individuals associated with the entertainment industry . During a hearing Monday in Los Angeles , U.S. District Court Judge S. James Otero sentenced Chaney to 120 months -- 10 years -- in prison and ordered him to pay $ 66,179 in restitution . Chaney pleaded guilty earlier this year to wiretapping charges and has been in custody since March . Without a plea deal , he could have faced 121 years in prison if convicted on all 26 charges , the U.S. attorney said . "  Mr. Chaney is responsible for causing dozens of illegally obtained , private photographs to be posted on the Internet , where they were available for all to see , " said U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. "  This case is a sobering reminder that cybercrime poses a very real threat to every American , and everyone should take steps to safeguard their identities and personal information on the Internet . " Chaney , who is from Jacksonville , Florida , apologized when he was arrested in October 2011 . "  What I 'm most sorry about is that I had to drag my mom into all of this , and my family and my neighbors , and they just want to live their lives , " Chaney told reporters . Chaney told a reporter that he had become "  addicted " to the intrusion and "  did n't know how to stop . " "  I know what I did was probably one of the worst invasions of privacy someone could experience , " he told CNN affiliate WAWS/WTEV in Jacksonville . "  And these people do n't have privacy to begin with . And I was in that little sliver of privacy they do have . " A nude photo of Johansson that was circulated online last year was part of the investigation , Birotte said . Chaney allegedly "  also took financial information , movie scripts and conversations that the celebrities believed to be private , " Birotte told reporters . Chaney said the hacking "  started as curiosity and it turned into just being , you know , addicted to seeing the behind-the-scenes of what 's going on with these people you see on the big screen every day . " "  It just happened and snowballed , " he said , adding that he wishes it had never begun . Chaney said he felt "  almost relieved months ago " when authorities seized his computer because "  I did n't know how to stop doing it myself . I was n't attempting to break into e-mails and get stuff to sell or purposely put it on the Internet . It just -- I do n't know . " Authorities allege that Chaney distributed the photos he obtained illegally and offered them to celebrity blog sites . Some of the files , including private photographs , were posted online "  as a result of Chaney 's alleged activities , " authorities said in a statement . Chaney admitted when he entered his guilty plea that he hacked e-mail accounts by clicking on the "  forgot your password ? " feature to reset passwords . His research of celebrities ' personal information helped him to correctly answer their security questions . "  Once Chaney gained exclusive control of the victims ' e-mail accounts , he was able to access all of their e-mail boxes , " the U.S. attorney 's office said . "  While in the accounts , Chaney also went through their contact lists to find addresses of potential new hacking targets . " While inside the accounts , he changed the settings to forward a copy of each e-mail to his own inbox , the prosecutor said . "  Most of the victims did not check their account settings , so even after they regained control of their e-mail accounts , Chaney 's e-mail address remained in their account settings . " See more entertainment news	Christopher Chaney , 36 , stole nude photos , info from celebrities ' e-mail Federal judge sends "  hackerazzi " defendant to prison for wiretapping guilty pleas "  It just happened and snowballed , " Chaney says of his celeb e-mail hacking Guard your passwords and information , a prosecutor warns
CNET  -- On an otherwise placid holiday weekend , one blog 's commentary on a change to Facebook 's terms of service created a firestorm of banter on the Web : does the social network claim ownership to any user content on the site , even if the user deletes it ? Facebook is addressing users ' concerns about its ownership of images and other content . Facebook reorganized its terms of service last Wednesday . In a blog post , company legal representative Suzie White provided an explanation . "  We used to have several different documents that outlined what people could and could not do on Facebook , but now we 're consolidating all this information to one central place , " White wrote . "  We 've also simplified and clarified a lot of information that applies to you , including some things you should n't do when using the site . " The blog post sounded benign . But the brouhaha arose on Sunday over a revision in the wording of Facebook 's policy over what happens to profile content -- shared items , blog post-like "  notes , " photos -- when members delete their accounts . Consumer advocacy blog The Consumerist phrased Facebook 's fresh policy as "  We Can Do Anything We Want With Your Content . Forever , " pointing out that Facebook 's ToS spruce-up removed several sentences in which the company said its licenses on user content expired upon account deletion . And that 's where the hysteria began . "  Facebook should now be called The Information Blackhole , " one Consumerist commenter proclaimed . "  What goes in never comes out . Be careful what you huck in there . " Truth be told , most Facebook users wo n't give a hoot , the same way that the flurry over the Beacon advertising program in late 2007 was fueled by a few vocal privacy advocates while the general population did n't seem to care about it one way or the other . But for advocates of copyright reform and privacy , not to mention photographers and writers who may want the photos they upload or "  notes " they write on Facebook to eventually lead to some kind of profit , the news was alarming . Some prominent Twitterers and bloggers , like New Yorker music critic Sasha Frere-Jones , announced that they were deleting their Facebook accounts or pulling all uploaded content . So Facebook issued somewhat of a clarification on Monday to explain what the change really meant . "  We are not claiming and have never claimed ownership of material that users upload , " a statement from Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt read . And indeed , Facebook 's terms of service do say that "  User Content and Applications/Connect Sites " are exempt from its claims on content ownership . "  The new Terms were clarified to be more consistent with the behavior of the site , " Schnitt 's statement continued . "  That is , if you send a message to another user  or post to their wall , etc. . .  , that content might not be removed by Facebook if you delete your account  but can be deleted by your friend  . " The statement also noted a few fine points . First , Facebook 's license only permits it to use user content "  in connection with the Facebook Service or the promotion thereof , " indicating that CEO Mark Zuckerberg does not plan to make the site profitable by selling scandalous user photos to the National Enquirer when those Facebook members run for elected office . And second , if that Facebook content was not public , the site will respect the member 's chosen privacy settings . In other words , if your profile and the photos you have uploaded to it are only accessible to people on your friends list , Facebook says it does not have the right to show those photos to anyone outside your friends list . Facebook has expressed disapproval when photographs and profile screenshots normally protected by the site 's login wall or privacy settings have been made public on the Web . The site reportedly threatened gossip blog mogul Nick Denton with an account deletion when one of his properties , Gawker , posted photographs found on a socialite 's Facebook profile . Suffice it to say it would be hypocritical for Facebook to publicly distribute , let alone sell , the same content itself . Things are a little bit murky for sure , though . Unlike the Yahoo-owned Flickr , Facebook does not have extensive copyright preferences , meaning that a professional photographer might want to choose a media-sharing site where there 's less of a gray area as to what can actually happen down the road . But as Facebook becomes more and more of a content-sharing hub , especially now that the Facebook Connect product expands its reach to third-party sites , it 's likely there will be a louder cry among members -- especially those involved in creative industries who use their Facebook profiles for professional promotion or publicity -- for clearer terms . iReport.com : Too much information posted online ? The way they stand now , Facebook 's terms of service claim that the company does not have ownership over content , yet that it does have "  an irrevocable , perpetual , non-exclusive , transferable , fully paid , worldwide license  to  ... use , copy , publish , stream , store , retain , publicly perform or display , transmit , scan , reformat , modify , edit , frame , translate , excerpt , adapt , create derivative works , and distribute " material as long as it does n't violate the privacy preferences set by the user . Considering Facebook content is login-protected by default , the outcry should be quelled somewhat by that "  subject only to your privacy settings " phrasing . Still , this is a debate that might not go away so quickly . Zuckerberg wrote a post for the Facebook blog later on Monday about the issue : "  We still have work to do to communicate more clearly about these issues , and our terms are one example of this , " he wrote . "  Our philosophy that people own their information and control who they share it with has remained constant . A lot of the language in our terms is overly formal and protective of the rights we need to provide this service to you . Over time we will continue to clarify our positions and make the terms simpler . " Zuckerberg continued : "  We 're at an interesting point in the development of the open online world where these issues are being worked out . It 's difficult terrain to navigate and we 're going to make some missteps , but as the leading service for sharing information we take these issues and our responsibility to help resolve them very seriously . " © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Facebook answers users ' concerns about its ownership of images and other content Flap arose after the social-networking site reorganized its terms of service last week Blog phrased new policy as "  We Can Do Anything We Want With Your Content " Facebook : "  We are not claiming ... ownership of material that users upload "
CNN  -- Spanish football club Real Madrid completed the signing of Gareth Bale from English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur Sunday , to end weeks of speculation over one of the off-season 's most anticipated transfer deals . Bale joins the La Liga giants for six seasons , Real said on its website , and he will be unveiled at Real 's Bernabeu Stadium Monday at 1 p.m. local time . Neither club has disclosed the value of the deal but British media outlets Sky Sports and the BBC reported it was a world-record move worth $ 132 million that was greater than the $ 124 million fee Real Madrid produced to lure Cristiano Ronaldo away from Manchester United in 2009 . According to a pair of Spanish newspapers , though , Bale 's switch was n't a world record . El Pais put the transfer value at about $ 120 million on Sunday , just as AS did earlier in the weekend . Whatever the amount , Bale was thrilled while thanking Spurs for some "  special times . " "  I am not sure there is ever a good time to leave a club where I felt settled and was playing the best football of my career to date , " Bale told Tottenham 's website . "  I know many players talk of their desire to join the club of their boyhood dreams , but I can honestly say , this is my dream come true . " Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy said the club had no intention of selling Bale but the "  attention " from Real Madrid and the player 's own wishes ultimately took precedence . Likely in anticipation of Bale 's departure -- and the money on the way -- Tottenham had signed seven players this summer . "  Such has been the attention from Real Madrid and so great is Gareth 's desire to join them , that we have taken the view that the player will not be sufficiently committed to our campaign in the current season , " Levy told Tottenham 's website . "  We have , therefore , with great reluctance , agreed to this sale and do so in the knowledge that we have an exceptionally strong squad to which we have added no fewer than seven top internationals . "  More importantly , we have an immense team spirit and a dressing room that is hungry for success . " The 24-year-old Welsh international has twice been named the Footballer of the Year in England for his outstanding performances for Tottenham , most recently in the 2012-13 season where he scored 26 goals in 44 appearances . But this was not enough to lift the London club into the European Champions League after they finished fifth in the EPL . Speculation about Bale 's future reached fever pitch during over the transfer window that followed . Bale , an attacking player who is normally deployed in a wide position , joined Tottenham from his first club Southampton in 2007 . He has made 41 appearances for his country since his debut in 2006 , scoring 11 goals . "  I am well aware that I would not be at the level I am today were it not for firstly Southampton and then Spurs standing by me during some of the tougher times and affording me the environment and support they have , " Bale said . "  Tottenham will always be in my heart and I 'm sure that this season will be a successful one for them . I am now looking forward to the next exciting chapter in my life , playing football for Real Madrid . " If the British reports about Bale 's fee are correct , it would mark the latest occasion that Real have broken the world transfer record , dating back to the signing of Portugal 's Luis Figo from arch rivals Barcelona in 2000 . The record was again broken when French World Cup star Zinedine Zidane signed from Serie A Juventus in 2001 . The $ 82.58 million fee remained the record until Los Blancos broke it twice in 2009 , first acquiring Brazil 's Kaka from Milan and then Ronaldo , who remains a key figure at the Bernabeu . New manager Carlo Ancelotti will be hoping the attacking combination of Bale and Ronaldo will herald a new era of domination for a club who have won the European Champions League , formerly European Cup , a record nine times , but not since 2002 . Real , then managed by Jose Mourinho , had to play second fiddle in La Liga last season to Barcelona and were beaten in the semifinals of the Champions League by Borussia Dortmund . Bale did n't play in Tottenham 's 1-0 defeat at Arsenal on Sunday .	Gareth Bale has signed for Spanish club Real Madrid Bale leaves from English Premier League Tottenham Hotspur Bale will be unveiled Monday afternoon at Real Madrid 's stadium The fee was n't disclosed but some British outlets say it 's a world record
CNN  -- A 12-year-old boy should get a say in whether he gets circumcised , the Oregon Supreme Court has ruled . The court sent the parental custody dispute back to the trial court "  to resolve the factual issue whether M agrees or objects to the circumcision . " "  M " is the child at the center of a long-running custody dispute between James and Lia Boldt , who divorced in 1999 . Soon after , the father began studying Judaism and later converted . He also started teaching his son about the faith . By then , James had parental custody and told his ex-wife the boy would convert as well , and that to do so , he would have to have the circumcision procedure . The mother objected , saying the child had been raised in the Russian Orthodox faith while the couple was married . Because the two sides disagreed , and were living in neighboring states , the conflict dissolved into ongoing personal and constitutional dispute . James Boldt said that as a Jew and the primary caregiver , he has a First Amendment right to practice his faith as he sees fit for his child . Lia Boldt countered her son does not want to go through with the circumcision , and that it is an invasive , irreversible , and potentially dangerous medical procedure . The state high court seemed especially reluctant to address the issue , saying normally such disputes "  are considered private family matters . " But the justices noted "  these parties can not or will not resolve this matter without resort to the courts . " So rather than offer a definitive ruling , the justices ordered both sides to go to the actual source of the conflict . "  In our view , at age 12 , M 's attitude regarding circumcision , though not conclusive of the custody issue presented here , is a fact necessary to the determination " of whether the mother can press her objections to the procedure , wrote Chief Justice Paul De Muniz for the six-member panel . "  Forcing M at age 12 to undergo circumcision against his will could seriously affect the relationship between M and his father , and could have a pronounced effect on father 's capability to properly care for M. " There was no initial reaction to the decision from the parents or their attorneys . The case is James Boldt v. Lia Boldt  S054714  . E-mail to a friend	Case part of parental custody dispute Father converted to Judaism after splitting with wife Father wanted son to convert after getting custody Russian Orthodox mother says son does n't want procedure
EW.com  -- -LSB- SPOILER ALERT : If you have n't seen Breaking Bad 's series finale , stop reading now . -RSB- Believe it or not , some people actually made it out of the Breaking Bad series finale alive . And even though we wo n't get to see their lives unfold , those survivors still have a  potentially  drug-free lifetime ahead of them . So what comes next ? If chapter one of their stories involved Heisenberg , lots of desert , and even more drugs , what is chapter two  or three  all about ? Here 's how we see the show 's biggest survivors 10 years from now : Badger and Skinny Pete : After burning through almost all of the money that Walt gave them for correctly using laser pointers , Badger and Skinny Pete decided that their drug days were behind them . Plus , the blue stuff was no longer on the market , so everything else kind of sucked in comparison . After getting clean , Badger took his crazy ideas to Hollywood , where producers thought he was insane , but he found a small comedy team that hired him as a writer . He thinks they 're a drama group , but what he does n't know wo n't hurt him . Skinny Pete , after getting clean , replaced drugs with food and now weighs more than 300 lbs ... but his friends still call him Skinny Pete . He moved to Hollywood with Badger and currently works as a bartender at the Hard Rock Cafe . He and Badger  and their girlfriends of the moment  share a duplex . They play video games and order pizza every night . But they now have to order two pizzas because , well , Skinny Pete eats a lot . EW : See full coverage of ` Breaking Bad ' Brock and Jesse : After Jesse escaped the Nazis , he drove straight to the police station . He reported everything , gave the DEA his full cooperation and walked away without ever seeing the inside of a prison cell  blame his puppy eyes  . And while he was at the police station , he got Badger and Skinny Pete to move his money to a safe location . After that was all tied up , he went to see Brock . Turns out , Andrea 's mom had recently died of a heart attack , so Jesse formally adopted Brock . The duo now lives in Phoenix , where Jesse has his own carpentry business . He spends his days making perfect boxes and so much more . He also sells his drawings on the side . Brock , meanwhile , is big into soccer and a straight-A student who only ever gets in trouble at school for his over-use of the word "  bitch . " His favorite breakfast meal is a Grand Slam . Skyler and Marie : Skyler just recently went into remission after having battled lung cancer . She blames the stress of being married to Walt for her smoking , much like Marie blames her recent shop-lifting adventures on how she still misses Hank . But all in all , the sisters are doing well . They live together in a beautiful California home . Skyler has taken to swimming in the morning to start off her day , and she spends the rest of it writing  and still drinking a little too much  . She 's currently writing her second book , a follow-up to the story of a chemistry teacher who started cooking meth to make money for his family . The first one ended with the main characters getting involved with a drug lord , and the second one picks up with a flash-forward to a plane crash . She calls the series Breaking Bad . It 's growing more popular with each book . Meanwhile , Marie is still a nurse . She 's finally back to wearing purple , but Skyler has limited the amount of purple in the home to Marie 's individual room . And hidden in the corner of Marie 's purple room is her very own rock mineral collection . EW : ` Breaking Bad ' - 10 questions we 'll never see resolved Walt Jr. and Saul : Now living on his own after college  he inherited a ton of money on his 18th birthday  , Flynn has taken up residence with his girlfriend in Nebraska , where he works as a lawyer . His mentor ? Some guy who looks a lot like Saul Goodman . Holly : Living in California with mom and Marie , Holly is  not surprisingly  a science prodigy . They suspect she 'll go to college on a full-ride by the time she 's 16 . But whether she 'll use that knowledge for good or bad is yet to be seen . Let 's just hope she does n't unknowingly buy out of a billion-dollar company for $ 5,000 and spend the rest of her life regretting it . After all , everyone keeps talking about how much she reminds them of Walt . She even asks Skyler to cut the crust off of all her sandwiches . Double flash-forward : Holly and Brock team up to create a drug empire ! Too much ? Huell and Kuby : Kuby finally rescued Huell from the hotel room where he filled him in on a little secret : He had been following the Nazis and knew where all of Walt 's money was stashed . So with a few barrels worth of cash in the bank , Huell and Kuby moved to a small island somewhere off the coast of South America . They now spend their days doing absolutely nothing . And yes , they occasionally take naps on large piles of money . Gretchen and Elliott : They gave Walt 's money to Flynn , and now , they keep busy doing what they do best â $ " being rich and therefore throwing elaborate birthday celebrations . And let 's not forget that Kaylee Ehrmantraut is now an official bada ** in training . She wants to be a cop ... at least to start . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	EW imagines the future of ` Breaking Bad ' characters a decade from now Brock is big into soccer and a straight-A student They envision Skyler in remission after having battled lung cancer
OPRAH.com  -- "  And if you think you 're too busy to Twitter , you need to -- " "  And if you think you 're too busy to Twi -- " "  And if you th -- " As Rob typed , the words disappeared in front of his eyes . He tried to continue his blog post , only to see the sentence disappear once more . Finally another message appeared : "  Come to bed ! " From downstairs in our bedroom , I 'd taken over the screen on my husband 's laptop . His amusement at my technical prowess in messing with him outweighed -- marginally -- his annoyance . He closed his computer and joined me in our bedroom . It 's rare for our marriage to go a day offline . The Internet is our shared playground , shared passion and shared livelihood . But what matters to our relationship is not that we both love the Web : It 's that we both use the Web to enjoy what we have in common . Tomorrow marks our 10th wedding anniversary , a major milestone . We 've not only outlasted my own parents ' marriage  eight years  , we 've outlasted CD-ROMS , dial-up modems and floppy drives . And while I like to think we 'd have made it to the big 10 with or without a high-speed Internet connection , the Web has definitely played a major role in finding and stoking the shared joys that sustain our relationship . Oprah.com : What makes a marriage last Develop a creative connection Before we had kids or blogs , we had Sisko , our black lab -- Rob described him as the snooze button on our biological clocks . Our obsession with Sisko was the subject of great amusement and mockery among our friends , not least because we trained him with "  Star Trek " - themed commands . The Web gave us a place to indulge our shared obsession without  audible  derision : We posted online photos from every dog walk , and when Sisko 's ear was torn by a pit bull , we created an online monument to "  Siskogh , " illustrated with photos we manipulated to look like the famous Van Gogh self-portrait . Whether your creative passions are sparked by dogs , doughnuts or Degas , a shared online project is a terrific way of developing or deepening a creative connection to your sweetie . Find new interests Some couples are shaken by the divorce of close friends or the disappearance of their favorite restaurant . Our world was rocked by the cancellation of the last "  Star Trek " series . After a few months of groping for new topics of conversation , I happened across an online announcement for a new pottery studio in our neighborhood . We popped by to check it out , and within a matter of weeks our "  Star Trek " conversations were replaced by discussions of throwing and glazing techniques . Use the Web to search your community 's events calendar and try at least one new activity together each month . Oprah.com : 6 steps to bring our your inner adventurer Play together You may think of a Wii gaming system as the dream birthday gift for a 13-year-old boy , but it was also the dream gift for this 37-year-old girl . Rob got me a Wii for my birthday so I could play Dance Dance Revolution , a game I 'd loved during a few arcade visits over the years . Much to my surprise and delight , he took to DDR too . Instead of sitting on the sofa with our separate computers , we spent that summer 's evenings on our feet , dancing our guts out . The playfulness and physical energy of our dance nights were great for our connection , our health and our passion . Get perspective When I go to a party with Rob , we tend to go in separate directions and talk with different people . The high point of the evening is always when I wander over to his elbow and intrude on his conversation -- seeing the way he connects with , listens to and amuses other people gives me fresh eyes on the qualities I love about him and makes me happier and prouder than ever . The same thing happens when I drop in on his Facebook page or Twitter feed -- there he is , entertaining people with his latest quip , offering a word of support to a great cause or cramming a wise and poignant note into 140 characters . Tracking your sweetie 's blog , photos or Facebook page is a great way to keep him in your heart and enjoy that renewed appreciation for his wonderful qualities . Build a community of supporters It takes a village to sustain a marriage as surely as it takes a village to raise a kid . When you know folks are rooting for you , it helps you get through the inevitable hard times and gives you a community to share and amplify your joys . Your online community can be a great , encouraging fan section , especially if kids or work keep you from getting out much as a couple . Rob and I tweet back and forth so frequently that we get lots of affirmation : "  It 's hard to think of a cuter Twitter couple than @robcottingham and @awsamuel , " one person tweeted recently . "  Even though I do n't know either of them ! " Agree on limits When Rob had surgery to fix his double hernias , I was in the recovery room as he woke from his anesthetic . We checked out his incisions together , and he suggested I snap some pictures with my iPhone . "  Want me to tweet the photo ? " I asked , and he nodded . A few weeks later , a friend commented on the gory snaps , much to Rob 's surprise . The anesthetic had n't fully worn off by the time of our shoot , apparently , and Rob had no memory of the tweeting . In some relationships , tweeting bedside photos would be a major violation ; in ours , it was a cause for amusement . Agree on clear boundaries for what can go online and what needs to stay private , or at least offline . Whether you 're looking at your 10th wedding anniversary in the rear-view mirror , or wondering if that guy you just started dating could be the one you 'll be with 10 years from now , the Web can help nourish your relationship . Love is n't easy , but the Internet can make it a little easier . Oprah.com : The 5-point marriage checklist Alexandra Samuel , Ph.D. , is the director of the Social + Interactive Media Centre at Emily Carr University and the principal of Social Signal , a social media agency that has launched more than 30 online communities . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Tracking your man 's blog or Facebook page is a great way to keep him in your heart Some couples play video games together like Dance Dance , Revolution Check online for community activities you and spouse can do together
EW.com  -- Kal Penn could be returning to a regular TV series role . The "  Harold & Kumar " and "  House " actor has landed a role in ABC 's comedy pilot "  Prairie Dogs . " The show is a single camera sitcom from Jackie and Jeff Filgo  "  That '70s Show , " "  The New Adventures of Old Christine "  about a lowly cubicle worker named Neil  Penn  who has his identity stolen , only to like the fake life he 's been given more than the boring one he was living . He enlists a con man to help him change his life . Penn left his role on "  House " to work for the Obama administration in 2009 , then last year returned to Hollywood . He recently had a recurring role on CBS ' "  How I Met Your Mother . " Penn joins the previously cast Michaela Watkins  "  Saturday Night Live "  in the ABC pilot . See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kal Penn has landed a role in ABC comedy pilot "  Prairie Dogs " The show is about a lowly cubicle worker who has his identity stolen Penn left his role on "  House " to work for the Obama administration in 2009
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A letter penned by George Washington praising the new Constitution sold for $ 3.2 million at an auction , the highest price for a letter by America 's first president . The four-page letter in Washington 's slanting penmanship was written to his nephew Bushrod Washington in November 1787 , according to Christie 's , the company that auctioned it . It was in the possession of an unidentified British descendant of his family , Christie 's said . Washington led the Philadelphia Convention , at which the Constitution was drafted in 1787 . After the Constitution was produced , a nationwide debate ensued on whether to ratify it . In the letter written from Washington 's Virginia estate , Mount Vernon , he endorses the Constitution and highlights the benefits of compromise and of states merging into one nation . "  The central issues must be consolidated -- and local views as far as the general good will admit , must be attended to , " he says in the letter , according to Christie 's . The company said the president confided in his nephew . "  Washington professed neutrality in public , but to Bushrod expressed his unequivocal conviction that the new Constitution must be ratified , in spite of opposition from many special-interest groups , " Christie 's said . The buyer was not identified . Christie 's had earlier estimated that the letter would fetch $ 1.5 million to $ 2.5 million at Friday 's auction . Washington served from 1789 to 1797 , then died of a throat infection two years later . He died at his beloved Mount Vernon at age 67 , plunging the nation into months of mourning . Last year , a 1864 letter in which President Abraham Lincoln replies to the abolitionist pleas of youth sold for $ 3.4 million .	Highest price ever paid for a letter penned by America 's first president Four-page letter sold for $ 3.2 million at auction by Christie 's on Friday Letter was written to his nephew Bushrod Washington in November 1787 Last year , a 1864 letter by President Abraham Lincoln sold for $ 3.4 million
CNN  It 's not easy to squeeze 40 years of show into one anniversary special , but "  Saturday Night Live " gave it a go on Sunday night . From the Jimmy Fallon/Justin Timberlake opening to the return of Eddie Murphy and musical performances by the likes of lightning rod artists Kanye West and Miley Cyrus  who offered a surprisingly charming version of "  50 Ways to Leave Your Lover "  , it was an evening of mockery and fond remembrances for the "  SNL " 40th anniversary special . Why ` Saturday Night Live ' is still awesome Here are some highlights : Jimmy Fallon and Justin Timberlake get musical Could NBC please just give these two their own show already ? We already knew that Fallon and Timberlake are magical , thanks to their "  History of Rap " skits on Fallon 's "  Tonight Show . " On Sunday night , they opened the special episode with a musical number celebrating some of the show 's most famous catchphrases . Three cheers for Timberlake 's Schweddy balls ! Betty White makes out with Bradley Cooper "  The Californians " skit was already pretty awesome , with Taylor Swift and Kerry Washington joining cast members past and present  Laraine Newman even showed up !  , but then 93-year-old White locked lips with 40-year-old Cooper . Wow . The return of Eddie Murphy We wo n't say much about this one even though it was eagerly anticipated . After a 30-year absence from "  SNL , " Murphy returned for all of 73 seconds . Introduced by Chris Rock , the actor received a standing ovation and offered a few words including "  I will always love this show , " and that was that . It was brief and awkward . Welcome back , "  Wayne 's World " Mike Myers and Dana Carvey returned as the beloved characters Wayne Campbell and Garth Algar for an "  SNL " Top 10 . In announcing No. 6 -- musical guests -- Carvey as Garth said , "  I think Beck was one of the best , even better than Beyonce . " That was the perfect segue into No. 5 : "  Kanye , sit down , " a reference to the artist 's recent lament that Beck should not have beat out Beyonce for best album at the 2015 Grammys . West was in the audience , and at one point we got to see him play along as security "  restrained " him . Way to have a sense of humor about it , Ye . Party on ! Excellent ! Celebrity "  Jeopardy! " Will Ferrell as Alex Trebek is always at his best when paired with Darrell Hammond 's borderline-NSFW Sean Connery , but this episode also gave us the delight that is Kate McKinnon as Justin Bieber and Alec Baldwin as Tony Bennett . When the other "  celebs " showed up , it was hard to keep it together . Jim Carrey 's Matthew McConaughey was pretty spot-on .	Sunday night 's special celebrates 40 years of the sketch classic Former cast members such as Eddie Murphy and Laraine Newman appeared Guests included Kanye West , Justin Timberlake and Betty White
Washington  CNN  -- Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan once believed a federal law to ban physician-assisted suicide was a "  fairly terrible idea . " The handwritten remarks were part of more than 46,000 documents released Friday , as Senate lawmakers prepare for confirmation hearings for the 50-year-old Kagan . The memos detailed Kagan 's service in President Bill Clinton 's Domestic Policy Council , which advised the White House inner circle on a range of issues pending in Congress and the courts . As deputy to then director Bruce Reed , Kagan offered legal and political advice on an agenda that included abortion , tobacco legislation , AIDS , consumer protections and healthcare . At issue was a federal challenge to Oregon 's 1994 Death with Dignity Act allowing doctors to prescribe lethal doses of medicine to assist patients to commit suicide . The law , which passed a state referendum by a slim margin , survived multiple court challenges and attempts to blunt its effectiveness , including a second referendum in 1997 that would have repealed it . Sixty percent of Oregon 's voters rejected the repeal attempt . But in early 1998 , the Clinton administration was prepared to support the argument that Oregon 's referendum was acceptable and that federal authorities had no power -- under the Controlled Substances Act  CSA  -- to block doctors from prescribing lethal doses of drugs . In a January 16 , 1998 , memo from the Justice Department , Clinton officials laid out their case , despite internal concerns the law was an improper preemption of federal power . At the top of the document , Kagan added her thoughts . "  DOJ -LSB- Justice Department -RSB- is ready to opine that Oregon doctors who assist suicides are not violating the Controlled Substances Act  This is contrary to an initial DEA -LSB- Drug Enforcement Administration -RSB- ruling , " wrote Kagan . "  We need to decide whether to accompany this ruling with a request for new legislation making assisted suicide a federal crime . I think this is a fairly terrible idea , but I know Begala likes it . " Kagan , in the memo , does not specify why she opposed that idea . "  Begala " is Paul Begala , a longtime Clinton political adviser . He is now a political contributor for CNN and a Democratic party strategist . She signed her remarks with "  Elena . " Conservative groups expressed initial concern over this and other memos outlining Kagan 's often blunt views on hot-button issues . "  It shows her as a political thinker , which was her role at the time , " said Carrie Severino of the Judicial Crisis Network . "  But as someone who has never been a judge , it is something to look out for , if her approach on the bench will be politically driven . It can be hard to change that role , to become a fair arbiter of the law and not be a judicial activist . " The high court the year before the Kagan memo upheld state bans on assisted suicide , concluding there was nothing in the Constitution supporting an individual 's right to die . But the ruling left open the possibility of state referendums supporting the practice , and Oregon 's measure went into effect after numerous appeals and injunctions . The Bush administration in the 2000s -- backed by a Republican-led Congress -- vigorously took up the issue to make assisted suicide a federal crime and to challenge the Oregon law , eventually appealing all the way to the Supreme Court . The justices in January 2006 ruled against the federal government , dismissing the argument the U.S. attorney general has the power to block Oregon 's then-unique law . Medical groups and patient right advocates supported Oregon , while many religious conservatives backed the Bush administration .	Kagan memo on doctor-assisted suicide part of 46,000 documents from Clinton years Notes were response to Justice Department case on Oregon law Conservatives concerned that memo suggests Kagan might by ` judicial activist ' Supreme Court ultimately upheld Oregon assisted suicide law
New York  CNN  -- Pakistan 's foreign minister expressed disappointment Friday over what he called "  a very harsh sentence " for a Pakistani scientist convicted of attempting to kill Americans in Afghanistan . A federal judge issued Thursday the 86-year sentence for Aafia Siddiqui , who was convicted by a jury in February on seven charges , including attempted murder and armed assault on U.S. officers . "  I think she has not been given the benefit of the doubt , " Pakistani Foreign Minister Makhdoom Shah Mahmood Qureshi told CNN Friday . "  But she does have a right to appeal . I 'm sure her family and the government will consult and will think of going with the appeal . " Qureshi said the sentence has sparked reaction in Pakistan , where "  people have protested , people have demonstrated . Many people feel that she is innocent and she was framed and she should have got a fairer chance . " He added , however , that Pakistanis "  also understand the government did its best , and we have our limitations . There is due process of law and we have to stay within the process of law . But there is a disappointment and that has been expressed on the streets of Pakistan . " He spoke to CNN while in New York to attend sessions at the United Nations . "  I 'm disappointed at the sentence , " he said . "  I think it 's a very harsh sentence . " Prosecutors said Siddiqui picked up a rifle and shot at two FBI special agents , a U.S. Army warrant officer , an Army captain and military interpreters while she was being held unrestrained at an Afghan facility on July 18 , 2008 . The agents returned fire , shooting her in the abdomen . Siddiqui was extradited to the United States in August 2008 , after the shooting incident . At her sentencing Thursday morning , the 38-year-old MIT graduate shook her head in defiance and wagged her finger in a "  no " gesture as U.S. District Judge Richard M. Berman laid out the case against her . But Siddiqui was more subdued when Berman allowed her to speak before the packed courtroom filled with family , spectators and foreign and national press . Clad in a khaki suit and a hijab that covered most of her face , Siddiqui repeatedly asked her Muslim supporters to not "  get emotional . " "  I do n't want any violence in my name , " Siddiqui said of the demonstrations in Pakistan , where her case has become a cause celebre . "  If you do anything for me , please educate people about Islam because people do n't understand that it is a religion of mercy . " CNN 's Becky Anderson and Kiran Khalid contributed to this report .	Aafia Siddiqui was sentenced to 86 years in prison She was convicted in February of attempting to kill Americans Pakistan 's foreign minister calls the sentence "  very harsh "
CNN  -- The earthquake in Sichuan , southwestern China , last May left around 69,000 people dead and 15 million people displaced . Now ecologists have assessed the earthquake 's impact on biodiversity and the habitat for some of the last existing wild giant pandas . Giant pandas are more endangered than ever since the 2008 Sichuan earthquake . According to the report published in "  Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment " , 23 percent of the pandas ' habitat in the study area was destroyed , and fragmentation of the remaining habitat could hinder panda reproduction . The Sichuan region is designated as a global hotspot for biodiversity , according to Conservation International . Home to more than 12,000 species of plants and 1,122 species of vertebrates , the area includes more than half of the habitat for the Earth 's wild giant panda population , said study lead author Weihua Xu of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing . "  We estimate that above 60 percent of the wild giant panda population was affected to some extent by the earthquake , " said Xu in the report . In an effort to develop conservation strategies for the panda 's remaining habitat , Xu and his colleagues used satellite imagery to determine the pandas ' habitat loss and fragmentation in the South Minshan region , which is adjacent to the earthquake 's epicenter . Since forests are the main vegetation type used by the pandas , the authors compared forested areas in satellite images from September 2007 , before the earthquake , to images after the earthquake and its aftershocks , in July 2008 . The authors then combined results based on these satellite data with criteria that make forests suitable for pandas , including elevation , slope incline and presence of bamboo . Their analyses revealed that more than 354 square kilometers , or about 23 percent , of the pandas ' habitat was converted to bare land . Of the remaining habitat , the researchers found that large habitat areas had been fragmented into smaller , disconnected patches , which Xu says can be just as harmful as habitat destruction . "  It is probable that habitat fragmentation has separated the giant panda population inhabiting this region , which could be as low as 35 individuals , " said Xu . "  This kind of isolation increases their risk of extinction in the wild , due in part to a higher likelihood of inbreeding . " Xu and his colleagues proposed a plan to encourage pandas to move between patches using specially protected corridors . They also recommend areas to be protected outside of nature reserves and that post-earthquake relocation of affected towns takes panda habitat into consideration . "  It is vital to the survival of this species that measures are taken to protect panda habitat outside nature reserves , " said Xu . "  Giant pandas in this region are more vulnerable than ever to human disturbance , including post-earthquake reconstruction and tourism . When coupled with these increasing human activities , natural disasters create unprecedented challenges for biodiversity conservation . "	New report on affect of 2008 Sichuan earthquake on wild giant panda population Report : 23 percent of habitat has disappeared ; 60 percent of giant pandas affected Estimates that wild panda population in affected region could be as low as 35
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Her gloves held high , Rita Mrwebi dances in the middle of a blue boxing ring . Eyes focused straight ahead , she unleashes a flurry of thudding jabs and powerful hooks . It 's here , inside this small , dark gym at Hillbrow Boxing Club in Johannesburg , where Mrwebi , the South African female welterweight champion , comes to train twice a day . She has n't had a competitive fight for a year but she 's working hard to stay at the top of her game before a big title match in August . "  I 'm looking forward to this fight , " says Mrwebi , who is set to defend her title for the third time . "  It 's a very tough fight because I 'll be defending what is mine and she also wants my title , " she adds . "  I 'm training very hard because I need to defend this title . " Read this : Is Azumah Nelson Africa 's greatest boxer ? There 's a lot at stake if Mrwebi loses next month . Boxing is her main source of income , but with no sponsors or manager , fights are rare . In fact , she only gets to fight about once a year , and though she 's set to take home some $ 5,000 -- win or lose -- for the August match , she ca n't afford to lose her title because that 's what attracts challengers and ultimately brings money . Yet it 's not all about the money . Mrwebi says boxing has also given her purpose whilst growing up in Hillbrow , a notoriously dangerous inner city neighborhood of Johannesburg . "  It did change my life a lot , " says Mrwebi , who did n't finish school and never got to meet her father . "  It kept me strict . It 's a challenging sport ; it 's a very strict sport , " adds the champion . "  It kept me from bad things -- from drugs , from bad friends , having lots of boyfriends . " But Mrwebi is not the only one to have benefited from the Hillbrow Boxing Club . Built in what used to be a gas station , the gym has been a haven for many youngsters in this densely populated part of Johannesburg , known for its high poverty and crime rates . After school , local boys flock to the gym to learn the basics of boxing -- how to move , jab and defend . No fee is required as the goal is to keep the young ones off the streets and out of trouble . "  The Hillbrow Boxing Club has done a lot for the community , " says Mrwebi , whose wins inside the boxing ropes have made her a local star . "  It has saved the community , it has saved Hillbrow , " she adds . "  Hillbrow is not a good place but this gym has produced a lot of boxers , it has produced a lot of champions . We always go outside to look for younger stars , younger children ; we keep them away from drugs ; we keep them away from doing wrongs ; we keep them away from walking over the street , walking around , do n't know what they 're looking for . "  We always go outside and look for them ; we bring them inside the gym and then we train them . " The club was started by George Khosi , a former boxer who 's been with Mrwebi since the very beginning of her career , training her since she was just nine years old . Khosi himself began boxing to avoid a life of crime . By the age of 20 he was fighting professionally across South Africa . Yet his career came to an abrupt end seven years later after a brutal robbery left him with a limp and damaged eye . "  I was very sad , " recalls Khosi . "  I had no career . I ca n't do anything when I 'm crippled . But God listened to me . He healed me . " His dreams shattered , Khosi realized he would never be able to take part in professional matches again . But if he could n't box , he could at lease use his skills to train others . Starting Hillbrow Boxing Club , he says , has brought purpose back to his life . And the gym is now also bringing hope to others in the neighborhood . "  I grew up here in Hillbrow , " says the powerfully built but softly spoken coach . "  I do n't want them to be in the street like I was , " he adds . "  You know sometimes kids , they can get bored ... in the house , so we want them to get out and come here to spend their day . When they get home they are tired . They just sleep . These are big guys . They will forget about doing stupid things outside . They come here and enjoy themselves and then they go home to sleep . " Read this : Playground gets kids back in the swing Back in the gym , Mrwebi continues her rigorous training regime by pounding a punch bag , her hands wrapped in tape . She says she is determined to work hard to make it far in her own career and also impact the next generation of Hillbrow 's boxing hopefuls . "  I 'm hoping that one day I 'll be a successful boxer , a trainer , a promoter so that I can promote other youngsters , " she says . "  So that I can put them somewhere so that they can not suffer like I have suffered . So I 'd love one day to be a promoter , to promote other children , to put them somewhere , to make them something one day . "	Hillbrow Boxing Club in Johannesburg has produced champions Hillbrow is a notoriously dangerous inner city neighborhood After school , youngsters come to the gym to learn the basics of boxing
CNN  -- Gwyneth Paltrow and husband , singer Chris Martin , have split , the couple announced in a joint statement on Tuesday via her website , Goop . While there had been speculation of trouble in paradise over the years , the couple seemed to remain united . "  It is with hearts full of sadness that we have decided to separate , " the statement said . "  We have been working hard for well over a year , some of it together , some of it separated , to see what might have been possible between us , and we have come to the conclusion that while we love each other very much , we will remain separate . " The news comes fresh on the heels of an announcement that Martin , front man for the Grammy-winning band Coldplay , will be joining the hit NBC singing reality show "  The Voice . " It also comes days after a report in the Los Angeles Times that the pair had purchased a $ 14 million John Lautner-designed home in Malibu , California . The couple have been married for more than a decade and are the parents of two children , Apple and Moses . Paltrow and Martin asked for privacy for their family in their statement . "  We are , however , and always will be a family , and in many ways , we are closer than we have ever been , " they said . "  We are parents first and foremost , to two incredibly wonderful children and we ask for their and our space and privacy to be respected at this difficult time . "  We have always conducted our relationship privately , and we hope that as we consciously uncouple and co-parent , we will be able to continue in the same manner . " The statement was signed , "  Love , Gwyneth & Chris . " The Goop site crashed from too many people trying to read the statement almost as soon as the news hit the Web . On social media the reaction was shock and snideness . Paltrow , who most recently guest-starred on "  Glee , " has long riled up feelings of love/hate among fans with her Goop site , which some have viewed as aspirational . "  Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin are getting divorced , citing "  insufferable similarities , " wrote one Twitter user . Another wrote , "  Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow have split up . Guess he 's finally sick of talking to her and her referring to herself in the 3rd person . " The couple divided their time between Europe and the United States and could often be found in paparazzi shots hobnobbing with famous friends including singer Beyonce and her rapper husband , Jay Z . What does "  Conscious Uncoupling " mean ?	The couple released a statement on Gwyneth Paltrow 's website They have been married more than a decade Paltrow and Chris Martin of Coldplay asked for privacy for their family
CNN  -- On Tuesday , Taylor Swift became a card-carrying member of the short hair club . The 24-year-old "  Red " singer shared a photo of her new shoulder-length ` do on Instagram , along with a video of all the people who were watching the big chop in action . Since Swift 's had her trademark long curls since she debuted , we 're not surprised that as many witnesses as possible wanted to see the cut in action . "  We do n't do anything without an audience , do we ? " Swift can be heard joking in the clip .  Fans have watched and rewatched the brief segment to see if they can spot any famous faces in the crowd . We 'll let you decide which of Swift 's rumored former flames appears to be present . Swift was in London performing on Tuesday as part of her "  Red " tour , and the set included an appearance from Ellie Goulding . "  London , I could never thank you enough , " Swift captioned a photo with the British singer . "  See you next time ! PS : short hair , do n't care .  !!!  "	Taylor Swift cut off her trademark long hair on Tuesday The singer shared a video of the hair-cutting soiree She was in London as part of her "  Red " tour
CNN  -- For some Republicans , 2016 is 1992 : Hating Hillary Clinton is chic again . Only more so , since the former secretary of state is also the partner of and potential successor to the last two Democratic presidentsâ $ " Bill Clinton and Barack Obama . Some of us believe , with good reasons , that the Republicans are "  mad-dogging " Hillary Clinton with the Benghazi hearing to damage not only her presidential prospects , but also to damage President Obama 's credibility . Polls show Obama is trusted more than his Washington opponents , especially on the economy . So , to defeat his economic agenda and substitute their own , which has already lost on logic , they 've decided to undermine Obama 's credibility and authority . The Benghazi hearing , which House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , orchestrated and planned for months , is a classic "  killing two birds with one stone " scenario for Republicans . Or maybe three : They see an opportunity to smear Obama , sabotage Clinton and fundraise like giddy televangelists . Benghazi hearing chairman Darrell Issa , R-California , said Clinton is not a target of his committee . That does n't seem to jibe with statements by GOP Sens. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , among others . And further contradicting Issa 's protestation , the National Republican Congressional Committee was boasting that its Clinton/Benghazi fundraising page was the most successful in its history . Benghazi is a rather unseemly subject to turn into a political weapon . It 's one thing to try to drag the former secretary of state through the mud . But the Republicans are trying to drag her through blood -- blood that 's tainted with partisan politics . The Republicans cut the funding for embassy security by $ 128 million in 2011 and $ 331 million in 2012 . Clinton warned that doing so would be "  detrimental to national security . " Republicans scoffed then , scream now . Obama called the Benghazi hearing a circus . He 's right . It 's not a transparent , due process hearing . Democrats have complained they were excluded from much of the investigations , were n't allowed to call witnesses or to look at documents . As Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Maryland and ranking member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , said Wednesday after the White House 's release of approximately 100 pages of e-mails relating to the attacks in Benghazi : "  These documents undercut the reckless accusations by Republicans that the White House scrubbed the Benghazi talking points for political reasons and in fact show just the oppositeâ $ " that the primary goal was to protect the FBI 's ongoing criminal investigation and our nation 's intelligence operations . " Chaffetz : Obama has explaining to do on Benghazi A transparent , due-process hearing would call the witnesses who would testify that the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli mistakenly believed Katibat Ansar al-Sharia in Benghazi had claimed credit for the attack . The group did n't make the claim and later denied any role . But that was an on-the-ground , in-the-moment embassy mistake .  While no friend of the United States , the Benghazi al-Sharia organization has not , so far , been implicated in terrorist activity . It came from mistaken identity : There were two distinct and unrelated Ansar al-Sharia militant groups in Libya . Even Fox News interviewed an expert , J. Peter Pham of the Atlantic Council , who said these groups have no formal affiliation with each other . They are grass-roots up organizations , whereas al Qaeda organizes from the top down . It is suspected that the Ansar al-Sharia in Derna was involved in the attack in Benghazi that killed four Americans . Its leader is a former prisoner at Guantanamo who was released under the Bush administration and deported to Libya for jail . Gadhafi later released him . In a transparent hearing we would learn that the Republicans ' chief witness , Deputy Chief of Mission Gregory Hicks , was likely , even today , in error about which Ansar al-Sharia was involved . It is the difference between a local militant militia group and professional terrorists . Hicks clearly was referring to the Benghazi al Sharia when he testified about his concern that Ambassador Chris Stevens was taken to the hospital that the Benghazi group then guarded . But , this week the same hospital was bombed ; the rival al-Shaira group in Derna , with al Qaeda links , is a reasonable suspect . Getting the facts right matters . Getting the truth matters . Posturing for propaganda points not only misleads us , it endangers us . For whatever the Benghazi hearings are about , they 're not about learning the lessons from this tragedy and improving securities at American embassies and other facilities overseas . They are , in fact , a partisan campaign fundraiser for the Republican Party , and not a fact-finding inquiry to help the State Department and military correct their mistakes . Karl Rove 's American Crossroads super PAC has already taken on Hillary Clinton , spending megabucks on a 2016 attack ad that savages her judgments . Some Republicans , to their credit , ca n't stomach any more from their fellow Republicans . Former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , a Republican , appeared on CBS ' "  Face the Nation " and said he would have handled Benghazi just as Obama handled it . He added a flat , "  No " that he did not think Hillary Clinton would be involved in any kind of a cover-up . Bill Kristol , conservative editor and commentator , told Fox News Sunday , "  I wish the Republicans would just be quiet for a while and that the partisan Republican groups that are fundraising off this would be quiet ... for a while ... and let 's find out what really happened . " Amen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Benghazi hearings aimed at hurting Clinton prospects for 2016 She says hearings cooked up by Boehner . GOP says not aimed at Clinton , but statements belie this She says Dems excluded from much of probe , including calling witnesses who could shed light Brazile : Facts , truth matter , but hearings aimed at fundraising for 2016 race against Clinton
