CNN  -- On Monday , President Barack Obama 's two secretaries of state inadvertently collaborated with Russia 's foreign minister to shape a twist in the Syria debate that a day later is looking more and more like a possible way out of the current crisis . It took an idea from being an off-the-cuff throwaway line through being an informal proposal to the point today where it will be proposed for consideration by the United Nations . Perhaps more importantly for the President , it may help save him from a political showdown in Congress where it seems increasingly likely he can not win while adding a glimmer of hope to a story that for two weeks has been an unrelenting mess for the White House and of deep concern to the American people . The first move came from the current secretary of state , John Kerry . In a statement that was initially seen as a slip of the tongue  probably because it was  , Kerry raised the possibility that if Syria were to give up its chemical weapons , an attack might be avoided . Although the administration almost immediately backed away from the statement and the British foreign secretary characterized it as impossible , the idea quickly began to gain traction . Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem announced that his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov had proposed that Syria 's chemical weapons be put under some form of international control as a way of forestalling a U.S.-led attack . Moallem went further , welcoming the initiative . It turned out Kerry had spoken to Lavrov . And while Washington 's first response was natural skepticism given the misrepresentations of the Syrian government in the past , it became clear that if there was any chance such an initiative could spare the president the political debacle of a failed vote in the Congress -- and possibly spare the country the costs of another military intervention in the region -- some in the administration felt it was worth considering . So , hours after a senior official had told CNN the Kerry statement was a "  major goof , " the press office in the White House was claiming credit suggesting that the "  credible threat " of a U.S. plan had triggered the diplomatic opening . Next up , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who had already been teed up to offer a statement of support for her former boss/potential predecessor , made a brief statement that had to have been carefully cleared with the White House . She called the idea that Syria might give up its chemical weapons an "  important step " if the Russians and the Syrians actively followed up on it . This was yet another sign that the administration was hoping that the morning 's seeming misstep yield an opportunity to step away from a congressional showdown or at least buy some breathing room . Further , while Clinton did not address the specifics of Obama 's proposed Syria intervention , she did say that she would support him . Up until now , her silence on the issue was seen by some as an effort by the likely presidential candidate to distance herself from the Obama team 's muddled handling of the proposed Syria intervention . But Monday 's message not only showed her political loyalty to the president but it also emphasized the outsized influence of her views in America and around the globe . In the wake of her remarks , there were initially reports that other nations , such as France , would welcome giving the Russian initiative a chance . The President framed it as a "  potentially positive development . " Then on Tuesday , the Syrian government formally accepted the Russian proposal . The U.S. and France took the plan to the United Nations to give it the formal backing and oversight of that institution . It is still clearly a long way from being realized but there is momentum . Nonetheless , even should it blow up , appearing to consider it allows Obama to be able to say he had exhausted all diplomatic options to resolve the problem . And for the more the hawkishly inclined , it would also be seen as reminder that military pressure is often key to producing peaceful , political outcomes . Either way , for a moment , an idea that might ultimately seem to be in the interest of Obama , Russian President Vladimir Putin , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and , arguably , the Syrian Opposition  to the extent they no longer might face chemical weapons  gained surprising traction . This was thanks in part to the seeming misstep of America 's current top diplomat , to his swift interaction with his Russian counterpart , and the added weight his predecessor 's views brought to the matter . It is a long-shot proposal started perhaps by accident , promoted by parties who have regularly lied , and cautiously embraced by a U.S. administration whose policies in Syria have been incoherent by any measure . Regardless of whether it amounts to anything or not , it speaks volumes about how bad our options are . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Kerry , Clinton collaborated  accidentally ?  to add hopeful twist on Syria In a "  goof , " Kerry said Syria yielding chemical weapons might avert U.S. strike , Rothkopf says Potential presidential candidate Clinton called it "  important step " and showed her influence Rothkopf : Even if plan fails , it gives Obama cover for trying diplomacy
CNN  -- Opposition candidate John Evans Atta Mills has narrowly won Ghana 's presidential election , the Ghana Electoral Commission said on its Web site . John Atta Mills , left , of the opposition NDC has defeated Nana Akufo-Addo , right , of the ruling NPP in the runoff . The chairman of the Ghana Electoral Commission , Kwadwo Afari-Gyan , said Mills had garnered about 4,521,032 votes , or about 50.2 percent of the total votes cast . Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo , of the incumbent New Patriotic Party , won about 49.77 percent of the total valid votes cast , Afari-Gyan said , according to the commission 's Web site . The two men led a field of eight candidates in the December 7 general election , but neither secured a majority of the votes . Akufo-Addo had held a slight lead in that vote . The runoff election was so close that it could not be decided until the last of the 230 constituencies , the Tain constituency , voted on Friday . "  On the basis of the official results given , the results of the run-off election in the Tain constituency in the Brong Ahafo Region , which was held on the 2nd January 2009 , it is my duty to declare Professor John Evans Atta Mills the President-elect of Ghana , " Afari-Gyan said , according to the government 's Web site . Both parties had alleged irregularities in voting in the Ashanti region and Volta regions , but Afari-Gyan said the commission did not find evidence in "  purely electoral matters " that invalidated the results . Mills , 64 , will replace John Agyekum Kufuor as Ghana 's president on January 7 . Kufuor is stepping down after serving two four-year terms , the maximum allowed . Mills is a law professor who served as vice president from 1997 to 2000 under Jerry Rawlings . He lost to Kufuor in the 2000 and 2004 presidential elections . Ghana , a country about the size of England , is the world 's second-biggest cocoa and gold producer . In 2007 , leaders announced the discovery of oil off its shore . The world recession , however , has hindered growth . Ghana has seen a decline in its exports and will not tap into its oil resources until 2010 . Part of a former British colony , Ghana was among the first African countries to gain independence in 1957 . It endured a series of coups before military dictator Rawlings took power in 1981 . A decade later , Rawlings led the country through the transition to a stable democracy with multi-party elections .	NEW : Opposition candidate John Evans Atta Mills wins presidential election Nana Akufo-Addo of the incumbent NPP has been ousted Runoff election was so close it could not be decided until a final vote on Friday
CNN  -- A blast of harsh winter weather socked Europe Friday , causing travel chaos and sending temperatures into the deep-freeze . From Northern Ireland to Bulgaria , blizzard conditions left airports with heavy delays or shut them entirely . In Belgium , truck drivers were forced to spend a freezing night in their cabs when authorities banned trucks over seven tons from travelling on icy roads . At London 's Heathrow Airport , snow caused the cancellation of many short-haul flights . These cancellations sparked a domino-effect that left passenger aircraft unable to get to the gates , prompting further delays . Hundreds of passengers who did manage to land were still unable to claim their luggage after baggage-handlers ended their shifts . Meteorologists say the cold weather is caused by a negative phase of the Arctic Oscillation , which means that cold Arctic air is flowing into southern latitudes that are normally much warmer . Forecasters do n't expect conditions to change anytime soon . The next wave of snowy weather is expected to bring up to 20 centimeters to some parts of the U.K. , with London expected to receive 5-10 centimeters of snow . The weather system will move across France and Germany on Saturday night and Sunday . Below-normal temperatures are expected to continue in northern Europe into the beginning of next week .	Travel chaos reigns across northern Europe amid harsh winter weather Blizzard conditions have closed airports from Northern Ireland to Bulgaria Cold temperatures are caused by Arctic air flowing into southern latitudes More snow is expected in the U.K. , Germany and France
CNN  -- Elite sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell tested positive for banned substances on a day of shame for athletics . Gay , a former world champion from the U.S. , said Sunday he was told by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency that an A sample from an out of competition test taken in May came back positive . Later Sunday , Powell , a former world-record holder from Jamaica , said he was caught for using the banned stimulant oxilofrine that showed up in a test at last month 's Jamaican trials . Jamaica 's Sherone Simpson , too , revealed she was caught for doping . Gay did n't name the substance found in his system and added that he never knowingly took performance-enhancing drugs . He pulled out of next month 's world championships in Russia . "  I do n't have a sabotage story , " Gay was quoted as saying by Reuters . "  I basically put my trust in someone and was let down . I made a mistake . "  I know exactly what went on , but I ca n't discuss it right now . " Gay and Powell , both 30 , become the second and third high-profile track stars in a month to be embroiled in a doping scandal . Two-time Olympic 200-meter champion Veronica Campbell-Brown was provisionally suspended in June after she tested positive for a banned substance . The Jamaican sprinter reportedly had traces of a banned diuretic , which is used as a masking agent , in a sample she provided to testers at Jamaica 's International Invitational World Challenge in May . British newspaper The Guardian reported the banned diuretic was from a cream she was using in an attempt to recover from a leg injury . Gay was one of the athletes shown on USADA 's website as part of My Victory , "  an initiative in the fight to preserve clean sport . " In a statement Sunday , USADA said it "  appreciates " Gay 's handling of the affair . "  In response to Mr. Gay 's statements , USADA appreciates his approach to handling this situation and his choice to voluntarily remove himself from competition while the full facts surrounding his test are evaluated , " it said . "  The B sample will be processed shortly , and as in all cases all athletes are innocent unless or until proven otherwise through the established legal process , and any attempt to sensationalize or speculate is a disservice to due process , fair play , and to those who love clean sport . " USA Track and Field CEO Max Siegel said it was "  not the news anyone wanted to hear , at any time , about any athlete . " "  As we approach the world championships , we will remain focused on the competition at hand and winning the right way , " he said in a statement . Gay posted the fastest time in the 100 meters this year when he clocked 9.75 seconds at last month 's U.S. trials in Iowa . For an athlete who has struggled with injuries , it provided hope -- and a possible challenge to sprint king Usain Bolt of Jamaica -- ahead of the world championships in Moscow that begin August 10 . Gay won gold in the 100 and 200 meters at the 2007 world championships in Osaka but suffered a hamstring injury a month before the 2008 Olympics in Beijing . He did n't make the 100-meter final . Last summer at the 2012 Olympics in London , Gay finished fourth in the 100 meters , edged by fellow American Justin Gatlin -- Gatlin once served a four-year ban for doping -- by one-hundredth of a second for the bronze . Powell held the world record in the 100 meters for three years prior to Bolt beating it in 2008 . He was part of Jamaica 's victorious 4x100-meter relay team at the 2008 Olympics . "  I want to be clear in saying to my family , friends , and most of all my fans worldwide that I have never knowingly or willfully taken any supplements or substances that break any rules , " Powell said in a statement as reported by the online version of the Jamaica Gleaner . "  I am not now , nor have I ever been a cheat . "  This result has left me completely devastated in many respects . " Powell could have been picked to compete in the relay in Moscow but acknowledged that now was n't a possibility . Simpson , in a statement also reported by the Gleaner , said she tested positive for oxilofrine . She won gold at the 2004 Olympics in Athens in the 4x100-meter relay . "  As an athlete , I know I am responsible for whatever goes into my body , " the 28-year-old said . "  I would not intentionally take an illegal substance of any form into my system . "	Sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell test positive for banned substances Gay last month posted the fastest time in the 100 meters this year at 9.75 seconds Powell held the world record in the 100 meters before fellow Jamaican Usain Bolt The news comes a month after Veronica Campbell-Brown was provisionally banned
CNN  -- Iranian President Hassan Rouhani vowed Wednesday that his country will never develop nuclear weapons , telling NBC News that he is open to diplomatically resolving issues surrounding his country 's controversial nuclear program . "  We have never pursued or sought a nuclear bomb and we are not going to do so , " Rouhani said . Later , he added , "  We have time and again said that , under no circumstances , would we seek any weapons of mass destruction , including nuclear weapons . Nor will we ever . " In an interview with NBC 's Ann Curry , Rouhani said that -- even with Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , a looming presence in Iranian society -- he has "  full power and has complete authority " to make a deal with others on nuclear matters . "  The problem wo n't be from our side , " the Iranian president said . "  We have sufficient political latitude to solve this problem . " Opposition to Iran 's atomic program , coupled with what critics see as Tehran 's intransigence in failing to cooperate with international officials , had led to harsh sanctions and stirred concerns that the dispute could devolve into a military conflict . Yet Rouhani appeared relatively optimistic Wednesday . He spoke about getting a letter from U.S. President Barack Obama after his recent election and inauguration , saying the U.S. president congratulated him and raised certain issues . Rouhani said he wrote back offering Iran 's viewpoint , describing the tone of the exchange as "  positive and constructive . " "  It could be subtle and tiny steps for a very important future , " the Iranian president told NBC , according to video on the network 's website . "  I believe the leaders in all countries could think in their national interests and that they should not be under the influence of  interest  groups . " Report : Iran takes key step in nuclear reactor construction Even as it has resisted attempts to international regulators to assess its development , Iran has long insisted its nuclear program 's aim is to produce power , not weapons . Last month , Rouhani said the United States and other nations "  need to recognize that our activities are totally peaceful and legal . " If they do and there are "  negotiations without threats , " Rouhani added , then "  the way for interaction is open . " The 64-year-old cleric , who is considered moderate , won the June elections with reformist backing after a campaign in which he stressed "  hope and prudence . " A former nuclear negotiator himself , he vowed to reduce the high tension between Iran and the outside world . Rouhani has military experience as well , having once commanded Iranian air defenses and led three war and defense councils . He was national security adviser for 13 years before his presidential predecessor , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , took office in 2005 . Iranian human rights activist freed CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Iranian President Hassan Rouhani talks to NBC News about his nation 's nuclear program Rouhani says his government "  has complete authority " to reach a deal with the U.S. , others He calls a recent exchange of letters with U.S. President Obama as "  positive and constructive " Considered a moderate , Rouhani was elected president earlier this year
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Protesters of a tuition hike at University of California campuses stood their ground into Friday night , with 41 demonstrators at UC Berkeley cited for trespassing after their takeover of a campus building . Nearly 100 protesters at UC campuses have been arrested over the past two days in the demonstrations over a 32 percent tuition increase . The demonstrators , students and nonstudents alike , were cited for trespassing , spokeswoman Claire Holmes told CNN . Holmes said those arrested would be cited and released rather than taken to jail , per agreement with student leaders . Three students were arrested earlier at Berkeley in the wake of protests across several campuses that have shaken up the University of California system a day after officials approved a tuition increase to be enacted over the next two school years . University officials said the $ 505 million to be raised by the tuition increases is needed to prevent even deeper cuts than those already made because of California 's persistent financial crisis . Protesting students said the hike will hurt working and middle-class students who benefit from state-funded education . The first tuition hike , which takes effect in January , will raise undergraduate tuition to $ 8,373 . The second hike kicks in next fall , raising tuition to $ 10,302 , said university spokeswoman Leslie Sepuka . Students who live on campus could pay up to an estimated $ 17,200 in additional fees that include the annual cost of books and housing , according to the system 's July 2008 finance guide . The January increase of about 15 percent is more than double the average public university tuition hike last year . On average , tuition and fees at four-year public universities nationwide increased 6.5 percent , or to $ 7,020 , since the previous school year , according to data from College Board . Students eligible for financial aid and whose families make under $ 70,000 will have their tuition covered , the university said . Caitlin Lawrence Toombs , a UCLA student , told CNN she 'd have to request additional loans to pay for school and that with her brother starting at Berkeley soon the cost would place a heavier burden on her family . She , too , participated in the student outcries against the increase , she said . And many other students had yet to back down Friday . On the Santa Cruz campus -- where building occupations began last week with a library sit-in -- about 100 students staged a sit-in in the second-floor lobby of Kerr Hall soon after hearing the tuition hike had been approved , according to UC Santa Cruz Provost David Kliger . Many remained there Friday afternoon . The demonstrators made demands , Kliger said without listing them . They would not keep exits clear and broke into some parts of the building , he said , adding they are trespassing and could be arrested . In addition , the students could face suspension or expulsion . "  We cherish the principle of free speech , " Kliger said . "  Regrettably , these actions go well beyond that . " At UC Berkeley on Friday morning , students occupied the second floor of Wheeler Hall , UC Berkeley spokeswoman Janet Gilmore said . Campus police broke through a barricaded of furniture and office equipment on the ground floor and arrested three students , she said . The protesters demanded the reinstatement of 38 custodial staff members recently laid off , according to a Berkeley news release . The demonstrators also asked for amnesty and for a drop of charges against any protesters . Are you there ? Share your images , video An additional 250 demonstrators remained outside Wheeler Hall into the night , according to Holmes . Authorities arrested dozens of angry students on the campus late Thursday after they refused to vacate the school 's administration building . The 52 students were taken into custody by the Davis Police Department and deputies from the Yolo County Sheriff 's Department , according to Claudia Morain , a UC Davis spokeswoman . The arrests at Mrak Hall , the campus ' main administration building , came about four hours after the normal 5 p.m. PT  8 p.m. ET  closing time . At one point , as many as 150 students were at the building protesting the tuition increase , Morain said . UCLA 's Campbell Hall was occupied for several hours Thursday evening , a school spokesman said . The takeover was not planned or sanctioned by the main protest organizer -- the United State Student Association , according to USSA representative Gabby Madriz . The same building was briefly occupied Wednesday night by several dozen student protesters , according to a UCLA news release . The building was the site of the 1969 shooting deaths of two Black Panther Party members during an internal dispute , according to the release . The UCLA campus was the scene of the largest and loudest demonstrations Thursday . "  We 're fired up . Ca n't take it no more , " students chanted as they marched and waved signs at UCLA . "  Education only for the rich , " one sign read . Some faculty members and campus workers -- worried about furloughs and layoffs to come -- joined the protesting students . "  Stop cuts in education and research , " a sign carried by a teacher said . After the regents voted , students rushed to parking decks to stage a sit-in to block regents ' vehicles from leaving . Campus police and California Highway Patrol officers in riot gear stood nearby . As one regent member walked out , students lining his path shouted , "  Shame on you , shame on you . " The situation ended without incident as students gradually left the scene . University executives told the regents the fee hikes are needed because they 've already made deep spending cuts in the past two years -- cuts forced by the state budget . About 26 percent of the $ 20 billion spent each year by the system comes from the state 's general fund coupled with tuition and fees paid by students , according to a summary on the regent 's Web site . The fee increases are to be balanced by a raise in "  the level of financial assistance for needy low - and middle-income students , " according to a statement from the Board of Regents . The tuition hike is expected to raise $ 505 million for the university system , and about $ 175 million of that money is to go toward student financial aid , the board said . CNN 's Alan Duke , Augie Martin , Greg Morrison and Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report .	NEW : Nearly 100 have been arrested at UC campuses over the past two days NEW : 41 demonstrators at Berkeley cited for trespassing after taking over building Higher-ed students across California have been protesting a 32 percent tuition hike University officials say fee hikes needed since they 've already made deep spending cuts
Atlanta  CNN  -- Laura Siegfried sat aboard Delta Flight 656 to Bermuda on the morning of August 28 thinking about where she had been and where she was going . A month before , she was exactly where she and her family had expected she would be : working at a marketing firm in northwest Arkansas after graduating from the University of Arkansas in December . But she hated it . The 24-year-old felt underpaid , unappreciated and unmotivated . She knew she needed to make a change . After a month of planning , she accepted as job as an au pair for a family with two children in Hamilton , Bermuda . What 's in an airport name ? Sitting in her seat waiting to take off , Siegfried said she was "  absolutely flipping out excited but I was so nervous . I thought my knees would give out . I had no idea what I was getting myself into . I was about to move in with a family I had never met on a 12-month agreement . It was pretty intimidating . " You can learn a lot about people by looking at what they post on social media when they 're at the airport . That day in late August , CNN sent a team of more than three dozen journalists to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport to document an entire day at the world 's busiest airport by volume of passengers and the number of takeoffs and landings .  The stories CNN discovered both behind the scenes and among travelers will be published on November 20 . At the same time , thousands of people passing through the Atlanta airport were telling their own tales via social media . Siegfried 's close family and a few friends knew about the move , but nobody else did . So to officially announce her big move to the world , she took a photo of her boarding pass and passport and posted it to Instagram with the following quote from Robert Louis Stevenson : "  I travel not to go anywhere , but to go . I travel for travel 's sake . The great affair is to move . " Now , two and a half months later , she has no doubts . Though she misses her family and friends , she feels a great sense of personal achievement and growth for making the move . 10 airport restaurants that taste like home "  Relocating is never an easy thing to do -- especially by yourself -- but I am too curious about the world not to , " Siegfried said . "  I love it here , I am able to impact the lives of kids and set a good example for them . ... Sometimes the happiest decisions may not always look like the most impressive ones on a resume , but I 'm OK with that -- for the time being . " First step toward a lifelong dream Later that day , 17-year-old Nicholas Erebia sat in the terminal waiting for a flight to Columbus , Ohio , that would bring him closer to achieving a lifelong dream . Since he was 5 years old , the high school senior from Acworth , Georgia , has wanted to attend The Ohio State University . The dream dates back to when he was living in Akron , Ohio , and watched his aunt graduate from Ohio State . As he got older he rooted for the school 's sports teams and told everyone that when he was old enough , he would enroll at the Big Ten school . So as he waited for Delta flight 1030 to board , he was anxious and nervous , but also excited about the three-day campus trip he was about to take . That 's when he posted a photo of his boarding pass on Instagram with the caption : "  My first official college visit , and it 's at @theohiostateuniversity !! So ready !! #GoBuckeyes . " During the 90-minute flight , Erebia shared a row with his father and twin brother , who both fell asleep . But he was wide awake , staring out the plane 's window , thinking about his future . "  I realized , ` Wow , I 'm going to visit the college of my dreams , ' " Erebia said . The visit only strengthened his resolve . If he is accepted , Erebia plans to study aviation and business so that he can be a pilot for the Navy and then a commercial airline pilot . Erebia said he needs to score higher on the SAT if he wants to fulfill his dream . "  But with hard work and the passion I have for the university , I know I can get in . " ' I was so happy ' Denise Pennamon was so excited about her trip to the airport that she could n't sleep the night before . But she was n't flying anywhere . Instead , the arrivals lobby at the Atlanta airport would serve as the site of her first meeting with her granddaughter , 2-month-old Suri . The Monticello , Georgia , woman 's son and daughter-in-law live on an Air Force base in Idaho , so she had only seen pictures of her first granddaughter . Pennamon stood with a group of relatives in the arrivals lobby waiting for the infant to emerge with her parents . "  I cried . I was so happy , " Pennamon , 47 , said . "  It was so special to get to see them . I thought I would n't see them until Christmastime . Everybody was trying to be the first one to hold the baby . " While Pennamon was with a large family contingent at the airport , she wanted to share the joy of meeting Suri with a wider group . So at 9:05 p.m. she posted a picture to Instagram of herself holding the baby in her arms and looking into her eyes . "  Meeting my grand daughter for the first time , " the caption said . Visit CNN.com / ATL24 later this week for a full day in the life of the world 's busiest airport . Daphne Sashin contributed to this report .	CNN sent three dozen journalists to document one day at the Atlanta airport on August 28 On the same day , thousands of travelers were posting their own stories on social media Get a taste of the stories shared online that day and come back this week for the full report
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Marine commander on Wednesday warned of a "  growing " insurgent threat in Afghanistan , but he said forces would have to be cut in Iraq to send more Marines to Afghanistan . Marines could be pulled from Iraq 's Anbar province , Gen. James Conway said Wednesday . "  To do more in Afghanistan , our Marines have got to see relief elsewhere , " said Gen. James Conway in a briefing for Pentagon reporters . Conway said the Corps ' two regimental combat teams -- about 10,000 Marines -- in Iraq 's Anbar province could be removed as there are only two or three insurgent attacks a day in what was once the hotbed of the Iraqi insurgency . The U.S.-led coalition is scheduled to hand over security control in Anbar to Iraqi troops next week . Despite the progress , Conway said , he does n't expect any decisions on troop withdrawals until Gen. David Petraeus -- the head of the U.S. military in Iraq -- makes his recommendations on troop deployment in Iraq to President Bush and Defense Secretary Robert Gates . There are more than 3,000 Marines in Afghanistan , and Conway said that the Marine Corps would be willing to help bolster the fight against the Taliban in that country . "  I think that a battalion of Marines in Afghanistan count for more than a battalion of Marines in Iraq , if you will , just in terms of the impact that they can have , " he said .	Marines in Iraq 's once-volatile Anbar province could leave , general says Anbar attacks down to a few a day , Gen. James Conway says Marines could have greater effect in Afghanistan , Conway says
CNN  -- A third person has died as a result of last week 's incident in which a driver plowed into people at the South by Southwest festival in Austin , Texas , police said Monday . Austin Police spokeswoman Veneza Bremner identified her as Sandy Thuy Le , 26 . A family spokesperson said Le 's family was by her side at the hospital in Austin when she died Monday morning . Stuart Gates , Le 's brother-in-law , described her as a "  free spirit " -- quirky , fun and always smiling . According to Gates , Le 's family lives in Pass Christian , Mississippi , and her funeral will be held in her home state in the next few days . Gates also said Le 's family has been through a lot in recent years , first losing their home in Hurricane Katrina , then their shrimping business was financially hurt by the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill . Authorities said Rashad Charjuan Owens drove into people and vehicles at the festival while he was intoxicated early Thursday . Owens , 21 , was charged last week with two counts of capital murder . Police said Owens drove into the crowds after refusing to stop for an officer who tried to pull him over . Besides the first two people who died , 23 people were initially hospitalized , some with multiple internal injuries . Most of the victims are in their 20s , said Dr. Christopher Ziebell , medical director at the University Medical Center Brackenridge . A Travis County grand jury will determine whether Owens will face any more charges because of the third death , Bremner said . CNN 's John Branch , Jason Hanna and Justin Lear contributed to this report .	Sandy Thuy Le , 26 , has died of injuries suffered when a car plowed into crowds last week Le 's family says she was a "  free spirit " Authorities say Rashad Charjuan Owens drove into people and vehicles 23 people were initially hospitalized , some with multiple internal injuries
CNN  -- A sequel to Frank Capra 's classic 1946 film "  It 's a Wonderful Life " is in the works , but it might take a Christmas miracle to turn this reboot into a classic . According to a news release from film financier Allen J. Schwalb and his company Star Partners , "  It 's a Wonderful Life : The Rest of the Story " will tell what happened to the Baileys of Bedford Falls after the first movie ended . To help bridge the two films , producers announced that Karolyn Grimes , who at 6-years-old played Zuzu Bailey alongside Jimmy Stewart and Donna Reed , will reprise her role . Grimes might have been charming as little Zuzu in the original , but her film resume ended roughly when her teens started in 1952 . There are also talks with other living original cast members to see if they would sign on to the movie , which may sound like a holiday treat to some and like a lump of coal to many . "  It 's a Wonderful Life : The Rest of the Story " will be written by Bob Farnsworth , known primarily as a music producer , and Martha Bolton , whose resume largely consists of her work done on Bob Hope specials in the 1980s and '90s . Schwalb has financed a long list of films -- including "  Rain Man , " "  The Color Purple " and "  Thelma and Louise " -- but most of them were hits in the last century , and his credits as a producer appear to be minimal . Despite a reported $ 25 million to $ 32 million budget and an projected release next holiday season , the movie resembles an independent film rather than a high-profile sequel . And that 's if it can even get off the ground ; the copyright to the original is its own complicated story . NBC controls the rights to "  It 's a Wonderful Life . " At one point , it was believed to have been part of the public domain and these new filmmakers seem to be operating as if it is . Requests for comment from NBC have not been returned , but it 's worth noting the network has been protective enough of the classic 's legacy that it airs the film sparingly even during the holidays . For his part , Schwalb says this new movie would continue the classic story for "  an entirely new generation of moviegoers " and he is proud "  to be involved in moving this story forward . "	A sequel to the classic "  It 's a Wonderful Life " is being planned The plot follows the Bailey family after the original movie ended Karolyn Grimes , who played 6-year-old Zuzu in the 1946 film , has been cast in the sequel
CNN  -- A Turkish passenger jet crashed as it tried to land at Amsterdam 's main airport Wednesday , killing at least nine people and injuring more than 55 , Dutch airport authorities have said . Rescuers attend the fuselage of the Turkish Airlines Boeing 737-800 following Wednesday 's crash . The Turkish Airlines Boeing 737-800 , which had 127 passengers and seven crew members according to the airline , broke into three pieces on impact in a field near Schiphol Airport . The injured included both crew and passengers , said acting mayor of Haarlemmermeer municipality Michel Bezuijen . The flight data and voice recorders have been recovered , he said , but investigators still need to determine what , if anything , the pilots said in the moments before the crash . A news photographer at the scene said she saw an unknown number of bodies lying under a white blanket , Maaike Voersma , a journalist with Dutch newspaper De Pers , told CNN . A passenger on the plane who spoke to Turkish network DHA said he saw injured people trapped and squeezed between the seats when he walked off the plane . iReport : Send your videos , stories Flight 1951 , which originated from Istanbul , Turkey , was trying to land at Schiphol when it went down at about 10:40 a.m. local time  4:40 a.m. ET  , Dutch airport officials said . At least three crew were among the dead . "  There are still three crew members in the cabin , " said Bob Steensma of the Dutch Justice Department . "  I 'm sorry to say they are dead . We leave them there because we have to investigate the cockpit before we take the cockpit apart . " All the passengers , however , had been removed from the plane as of about 5 p.m. , officials said . Roads around the crash site had been blocked to traffic . Six people were critically injured , Ineke Van Der Zande of Amsterdam Emergency Services told reporters at a briefing . Twenty-five passengers were severely injured , she said , and 24 others were lightly injured . The conditions of the other 31 people were not immediately known , she said . Some 60 ambulances transported 84 people to 11 hospitals throughout the region , she said . Witnesses said they saw the nose of the plane pitch up suddenly before the crash , according to RTL journalist Greg Crouch . The plane was broken in three pieces . One tear was in front of the wing , splitting the "  Turkish " logo in two , and a larger tear was farther back along the fuselage . See where the plane crashed " Most of the injured were seated toward the back of the plane , which sustained the most damage , a passenger on the plane told Turkish station NTV . Many of the passengers simply walked off the plane through the cracks in the fuselage , witnesses told NTV . Medics treated passengers on the ground next to the buckled hulk of the plane , while firefighters and police examined the aircraft . See rescuers attend the crash scene " Emergency exits were wide open and there was no signs of fire damage to the fuselage . Also visible was one of the aircraft 's engines , apparently separated from the shattered remains of one of the wings . The plane landed in a farmer 's field near the airport , RTL journalist Greg Crouch told CNN . He said the weather at the time was partly sunny with no wind or rain . Watch iReport on crash wreckage " Witnesses said they saw the nose of the plane pitch up suddenly before the crash , Crouch said . A bank manager who was a passenger on the plane told NTV that there were no emergency announcements . The crew 's last word to the cabin was an announcement to fasten seatbelts and prepare for landing , the bank manager said . He said he felt the pilot giving more power to the engines before feeling "  turbulence , " then a sudden drop . He described the crash as similar to a sudden impact that was over in a matter of seconds . Watch report on survivors describing "  turbulence " " The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board said it is sending a team of investigators to Amsterdam to assist in the crash investigation . Kieran Daly , of Air Transport Intelligence said the impact had been severe but it could have been survivable because of the lack of fire . He added that there had been vast improvements in the materials used to build airplanes , meaning they did not burn as easily . Watch aviation expert comment on Amsterdam crash " Daly also said that the Boeing 737-800 is a reliable aircraft that has been successful and safe in service . "  They really are pretty much state-of-the-art airliners with every imaginable technical benefit the industry has come up with over the years , " Daly told CNN . "  You would be optimistic that they would be quite survivable in an accident . " Daly said the Turkish aviation industry has a "  pretty good record " of safety , and that Turkish Airlines , the national carrier , has a "  very good record . " Turkish Airlines said it has 52 Boeing 737-800s in its fleet . They can carry up to 165 passengers each , the airline said . The airline 's last accident was of a small commuter jet in 2003 , he said . It was a fatal crash that happened at a remote airfield in eastern Turkey , he said . "  Their mainline operation is safe , " Daly said . "  Their pilots are well thought of . " The last accident at Schiphol Airport happened in December 2003 when an EasyJet flight carrying 103 passengers to London collided while with a lamppost while taxiing during icy conditions , according to Aviation Safety Network 's Web site . The crash caused significant damage to the aircraft , but no one was killed . The last fatal incident at the Amsterdam airport happened in April 1994 when a KLM aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff as it tried to return to Schiphol . Three of the 24 passengers and crew members on board were killed . Ivan Watson in Istanbul , Turkey and Barry Neild contributed to this report	Flight data recorders receovered from wreckage of Turkish Airlines crash Plane broke in three , reports say survivors escaped through cracks in fuselage Dutch airport authorities report at least nine dead , 50 injured Media : Survivor says there were no emergency warnings from the crew
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actor Dennis Hopper died at his home in Venice , California , Saturday morning , his wife said . He was 74 . Hopper , who was diagnosed with prostate cancer in October 2009 , was surrounded by his children when he died , Victoria Hopper told CNN . While funeral arrangements have not been decided , Hopper 's wish was to be buried in Taos , New Mexico , his wife said . She said Taos was "  his heart home . " Hopper and his wife were involved in a highly public and bitter divorce fight in the last months of his life . The actor made his last public appearance on March 26 , when his star was dedicated on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame . "  I just want to thank you , " Hopper said , as he smiled broadly . "  That 's all I can do . " With his 6-year-old daughter , Galen , by his side , Hopper waved and bowed to hundreds of fans lining a barricade along Hollywood Boulevard . Hopper 's lawyer argued in the divorce case that his estranged wife 's presence was hampering his fight with cancer , but the judge allowed her to continue living in the family 's Venice compound with their 6-year-old daughter , Galen . His lawyer said Hopper was too ill to attend a divorce hearing , but his older children , an 18-year-old son and two adult daughters , sat in a back row of the courtroom . iReport : Hopper became honorary mayor in 2009 Hopper 's acting career has spanned almost six decades . In the 1950s , he had roles in several TV shows and films , including "  Rebel Without a Cause "  1955  and "  Giant "  1956  . He became a Hollywood sensation for "  Easy Rider , " the 1969 film he directed and co-wrote in which he played a dissolute , counter cultural biker . He was twice nominated for Oscars .	Hopper was surrounded by his children when he died , his wife said Actor was diagnosed with prostate cancer last October Hopper wished to be buried in Taos , New Mexico , his wife said Hopper and wife Victoria were in the midst of a bitter divorce battle during his illness
CNN  -- George Lopez is helping to create positive change for underprivileged children , adults and military families . In 2009 , he started The Lopez Foundation , which provides and supports education and health programs for those in need . The group also increases awareness about kidney disease and organ donation . Lopez underwent a kidney transplant in 2005 . Lopez was a presenter at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " in 2009 . CNN 's Denise Quan recently spoke with him about CNN Heroes and his own charity 's efforts . Below are excerpts from that interview . Denise Quan : How do you feel about the work that the CNN Heroes are doing ? George Lopez : For people who are in show business , so many times we get rewarded for being in a movie or being in a television show . But these are the unsung heroes who are out there , rain or shine . Nothing is more powerful to them but to help . The one thing that connects all the Heroes is their intent is to help . And it 's almost like hands across the world : You 're touching people that need help in your area , but yet it 's bigger than that -- it 's global . It 's what people do to maintain our humanity . Quan : What prompted you to start The Lopez Foundation ? Lopez : I received my kidney transplant six years ago and have been healthier than I have ever been in my life . And it 's inspired me to give back and to create the foundation and to make a difference in the lives of those people in need . I started The Lopez Foundation in December of 2009 , and the mission is to create positive and permanent change for underprivileged children , adults and , very importantly , military families , as well as increasing the awareness of kidney disease and organ donation . Quan : What 's rewarding about your work with the foundation ? Lopez : When I have the kidney camp , it 's always the highlight . I have a summer camp , and it 's amazing to see how children will respond when they 're given the opportunity to just be regular kids . They get to run into kids who are also experiencing the same issues that they have , whether it 's dialysis or kidney disease . They talk about taking their medicine . They also realize that whether they are the only person sick in their family or their school , they are not alone . Quan : You support CNN Hero Jorge Munoz and his efforts to feed the hungry . What is it about his work that moved you ? Lopez : People who are homeless ... they 're not all addicts . A lot of times , they 're just people who , through something like losing their job or losing someone in their life , ended up on the streets . So much of our time is spent in cars that sometimes you need to look out of those windows . And you see that a dollar , 50 cents , whatever you have , may not mean much to you , but it means everything to people who are hungry and who are in need .	Comedian George Lopez underwent a kidney transplant in 2005 Now he is trying to help young people who are also struggling with kidney disease The Lopez Foundation assists underprivileged kids , adults and military families
CNN  -- It was a mystery that Panama 's president said his country was struggling to solve . What was the massive military equipment hidden under hundreds of thousands of sacks of brown sugar on a North Korean boat ? Where did it come from ? And where was it going before investigators seized the vessel near the Panama Canal ? Hours after Panama said it would ask U.S. and British officials for help solving the puzzle , Cuba gave an answer Tuesday night . In addition to 10,000 tons of sugar , Cuba 's Foreign Ministry said , the shipment contained "  240 metric tons of obsolete defensive weapons " sent to North Korea "  to be repaired and returned to Cuba . " The equipment was manufactured in the mid-20th century and included two anti-aircraft missile systems , nine missiles in parts and spares , two MiG-21 jets and 15 motors for this type of airplane , the foreign ministry said . "  The agreements subscribed by Cuba in this field are supported by the need to maintain our defensive capacity in order to preserve national sovereignty , " the statement said . "  The Republic of Cuba reiterates its firm and unwavering commitment with peace , disarmament , including nuclear disarmament , and respect for international law . " Because it is pursuing nuclear weapons , North Korea is banned by the United Nations from importing and exporting most weapons . The Cuban government 's revelation , read on state television , is the latest chapter in an international drama that has all the elements of a thriller : a violent confrontation on a detained ship , missiles hidden onboard , a heart attack and an attempted suicide . A glance at seizures of North Korea weapons shipments Panamanian authorities spotted the shipment during an anti-drug inspection late Monday . Few details of the confrontation were available , but the ship 's North Korean crew of 35 resisted inspection and arrest for days , said Panama 's security minister , Jose Raul Mulino . He described it as "  violent , " saying that the crew tried to sabotage the ship by cutting cables on the cranes that would be used to unload cargo . As it is , Mulino said , authorities now have to remove 255,000 sacks of brown sugar by hand . During the struggle with Panamanian authorities , the ship 's captain suffered an apparent heart attack and then tried to kill himself , according to President Ricardo Martinelli . The crew also refused to raise the ship 's anchor , Mulino said , forcing Panamanian authorities to cut the anchor loose to move the ship . Panama 's public ministry ordered the crew 's detention , and authorities have since spoken with crew members about their travel plans . Crew members said they had left Cuba and headed toward Panama , aiming to arrive in North Korea in 51 days . As authorities inspected the vessel , the situation was intriguing enough that Martinelli himself traveled to the ship to take a look -- with reporters in tow . Is it a missile ? a reporter asked . "  Maybe , " Martinelli said . "  I am not familiar with that , but it would be good if such things did n't pass through Panama , which is a country that loves peace and not war . " The president tweeted a photo of what he saw : a green octagon-shaped tube with a cone at its end and a similar-looking piece of equipment behind it . Late Tuesday night , Mulino said the Cuban government 's detailed announcement describing the military equipment had caught Panamanian officials by surprise . Investigators have only combed through one of the ship 's five compartments , he said . They are asking the United States and the United Kingdom to send teams to help them identify the weapons , and will invite a special commission from the United Nations to determine whether the shipment violates the organization 's North Korea weapons ban . Even with many unanswered questions , Mulino said , the Cuban government 's statement explains one thing . "  Now we clearly understand the suicidal attitude of the captain , " he said , "  and the rebellion and the rioting of the crew . " U.N. official : ` We are following it closely ' Earlier Tuesday , a spokeswoman for the U.N. secretary-general said Panama had not officially reported the incident to the United Nations . If that happens , a U.N. panel of experts would review the incident . "  If it is confirmed that the vessel was carrying arms or related materiel and that the shipment was part of a purchase or sale to or from the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , then there would indeed be a breach of the U.N. sanctions regime relating to that country , " spokeswoman Morana Song said . Members of the U.N. 's North Korea sanctions committee have seen media reports about the boat and are awaiting a formal notification with details from Panama . "  We are following it closely , " said Jacques Flies , a spokesman for Luxembourg Ambassador Sylvie Lucas , who chairs the committee . Authorities seized the vessel and the undeclared haul in the Panamanian port of Manzanillo . U.S. officials say they tracked ship Investigators spotted the boat going through the Panama Canal to Havana and then back toward the canal , according to two senior U.S. officials who said the United States had been tracking the ship along with the Panamanians for some time . A glance at seizures of North Korea weapons shipments Another senior U.S. official said the United States had been tracking the ship for several days and knew that Panamanian authorities were going to stop it . State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell declined to describe U.S. interactions with Panama concerning the ship , but noted that the vessel has a checkered past connected with drug smuggling . "  Public reports from 2010 and also a U.N. panel of experts report from 2012 cite this history , " he said Tuesday . "  So this vessel has a well-known history in this regard . " Concerns over Cuba Cuban state media reported late last month that North Korean army Chief of Staff Gen. Kim Kyok Sik visited the island and had high-level meetings , including one with Cuban leader Raul Castro . In the United States , Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , described this week 's incident as "  serious and alarming " and a "  wake-up call " for the Obama administration to avoid normalizing U.S. relations with Cuba . Some analysts described the situation as a troubling sign that North Korea could be supplying Cuba with weapons . "  This is a country which is just 90 miles away from American shores , " Forbes.com columnist Gordon Chang told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett : OutFront . " "  Now , if they can smuggle missile radar into Cuba , you know , God knows what else they can put there . We do not need a replay of the Cuban missile crisis , this time with the North Koreans ' fingers on the triggers instead of the Soviets . " Chang , author of "  Nuclear Showdown : North Korea Takes On the World , " said the Panamanian president 's dramatic description of how the ship 's crew members handled the incident did n't surprise him . "  They do not want anybody on their ships , " he said . "  Whether it 's carrying melons or nuclear technology , the North Koreans would act pretty much the same way . " North and South Korea inch toward reopening joint complex A history of weapons shipments This is n't the first time North Korea has been linked to shipping suspected of transporting weapons materials . In 2011 , the U.S. Navy tried -- and failed -- to gain permission to board a ship in the South China Sea suspected of carrying illicit weapons technology to Myanmar , the Pentagon said . The Belize-flagged MV Light was believed to have been manned by a North Korean crew , the Pentagon said . Under U.S. Navy surveillance , the vessel eventually turned around and headed to North Korea . In 2007 , the Pentagon confirmed that several shipments of suspected weapons technology had left North Korea destined for Syria . The Pentagon said some of the material was believed to have been high-grade metals that could be used to build missiles or solid-fuel rockets . CNN reported in 2011 that an unpublished U.N. report claimed North Korea was trading banned weapons technology with several countries , including Iran . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Catherine E. Shoichet wrote this story in Atlanta . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann reported from Cuba ; journalist Castalia Pascual reported from Panama ; CNN 's Adam Levine , Elise Labott and Barbara Starr contributed from Washington ; and CNN 's Fernando del Rincon , Kevin Wang , David Simpson and Thom Patterson contributed to this report from Atlanta .	NEW : Panama is still investigating ; seeks help from U.S. , U.K. , U.N. Anti-aircraft missile systems and missiles were in the shipment , Cuba says Panamanian search of North Korean ship results in "  violent " confrontation , official says The captain suffered a heart attack and tried to commit suicide , officials say
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- It 's just after two o'clock in the morning and a never-ending queue of South African commuters is waiting to get onto a bus that will take them to Pretoria for work . Many are carrying blankets in the hopes of getting some much-needed rest while on the three-hour journey . The year is 1983 and this is a "  blacks only " bus , where only a lucky few will get the luxury of seating as the bus travels into the city . A single white man stands at the front of the bus watching the daily commute . His name is David Goldblatt and he 's there to capture life on film . With a career spanning six decades , Goldblatt has become one of South Africa 's most distinguished photographers , using a lens to chronicle the growth of a nation . His work adorns museum walls in Johannesburg and crosses oceans to Melbourne , Paris and New York . Among his most celebrated collections is his documentation of Apartheid , where he became a witness to the discrimination faced in South Africa . "  All photographers are witnesses ... I was trying to find ways into an understanding , if you like , of who we are . Apartheid was part of that , " he tells CNN . "  Apartheid became very much the central area of my work but my real preoccupation was with our values ... how did we get to be the way we are ? " Goldblatt 's love of photography stemmed from his schooldays but it was n't until the mid 1960s , aged 32 , that he launched a career as a commercial photographer . His decision to work in black and white was a direct result of his desire to convey his uncompromising view of the world . "  You need to work to look at a black and white photograph . It does n't immediately come to you . Color is much more sensuous , sweet and welcoming , " he says . "  For  Apartheid and the anger and the fear that it stirred , there was no other medium than black and white . " In the early 1980s , Goldblatt was commissioned along with 19 other photographers by economist Francis Wilson as part of a collaborative essay on black life and poverty . Goldblatt had not intentionally set out to visually record the Apartheid system . But after being given the subject of public transport and working alongside his friend , New York Times correspondent Joe Liliefeldt , Goldblatt began using his lens as a means of vocalizing his protest at the segregation in the bantustans -- homelands -- northeast of Pretoria . The images he captured would become a seminal part of his photographic legacy offering a raw and naked glimpse into the hardships faced by black people who were forced into an eight-hour commute to simply go to work . "  They had got up at about half past one or two o'clock in the morning in order to get into the queues and catch the buses , " Goldblatt vividly remembers . "  If they had n't done that of course , they would have starved because the homelands was -- and I think this is quite deliberate -- placed in a place where there was no possibility of earning a living . " He recalls how the hardships people were forced to endure affected him , recounting a day when he stood on one of the early morning buses asking people if he could take their photograph . "  Very soon  I  realized that they could n't have cared a damn about me . They were just interested in sitting down and if they could , getting sleep ... It was a very moving experience . " The resulting photographs continue to provide a stark insight into the difficulties faced during the years when the policy of racial discrimination was practiced in South Africa . While his images are loved across the globe , Goldblatt does n't believe in taking beautiful photographs . To the wizened 83-year-old , it is not about aesthetics but about expressing value . "  Aesthetics is not a term that I use . I 'm not interested in it . Obviously I 'm very interested in how a picture works ... what it means . It 's a conversation between me , myself and the subject . " The use of modern technology in the photography process has allowed Goldblatt to emerge from the dark room where he previously would have spent months painstakingly developing his shots . Advances in digital scanning and printing have also helped inspire him to spend more time working in color . "  Initially I was very skeptical , so I felt that you could n't repeat or do the kind of nuanced printing in the dark room ... but you can , the technology is superb . " And with a wealth of experience behind him , the award-winning photographer has also turned his hand to education and passing on his craft to aspiring artists . In the 1980s he noticed that many young black people were visiting a small photography gallery where he would show some of his work . "  I became acutely aware that they had not the slightest hope of attaining a reasonable degree of visual literacy or skill in photography , " he explains . "  Houses were overcrowded , they had no money , they had no running water , no electricity . So the possibility of being able to process films and print them is just not there . " With this in mind , Goldblatt set about raising finance and began workshops which , he proudly states , still run to this day . "  It 's going and flourishing , " he begins before modestly adding , "  but it has very little to do with me , it has to do with the people who 've been directors there ... many of them could have earned far more in the commercial field . "  It really was a labor of love . " For all the acclaim he has received , Goldblatt remains unpretentious about his work , which has become a historic record of South Africa . When asked which piece or collection he is most proud of , he laughs off the question . "  Sorry -- first of all I do n't speak of art . I speak of being a photographer and a crafts person ... if I had to be called before a heavenly jury to account for myself , I 'd have to say ` well , look at it and decide for yourselves . ' "	David Goldblatt is a world-renowned photographer from South Africa He has spent 50 years visually documenting the daily life of his nation His work presents a stark glimpse into life in South Africa through the years
CNN  -- For years it has been dominated by women , but now luxury fashion is kicking off its high heels and slipping into something more masculine as it strides through the economic downturn . The market for male fashion is growing twice as fast as that for women , according to Antoine Arnault , son of one of Europe 's richest men and board member of luxury group LVMH . The uptick in male customers is credited with keeping the industry buoyant while Europe slides toward recession . Last year menswear spending grew 14 % globally , according to consultancy firm Bain & Company . "  The luxury industry has always been a little bit counter-cyclical , " Arnault says . "  There 's no real strategy behind it , I just feel it 's a time where quality and craft is of the utmost importance . " Arnault heads up luxury fashion label Berluti -- part of the LVMH group which includes brands such as Louis Vuitton and Moet & Chandon -- and has overseen its recent expansion into menswear . Berluti is targeting the top end of the market , with shoes that can take their craftsman in Italy about 20 hours to make . Arnault describes the "  Berluti man " as "  one and unique . First of all , he travels a lot . He can be Chinese , but he often comes to Paris , he often goes to New York . It is global . " Being part of LVMH 's empire gives Berluti financial support and the backing of experienced hands , Arnault says . "  LVMH senior management come to see us very often to see how things are evolving , see what we 're developing and to give us advice , " he says . This nurturing environment will ensure a long future for the brand , according to Arnault . "  Think about at Microsoft and Apple , they are the most important brands today , are you sure that in 100 years these companies will still exist ? You ca n't be sure of that , " he says . "  Our brands , Louis Vuitton , Krug , Dom Perignon ... Berluti will almost for sure still exist in 100 years , and that 's thanks to the fact that we 're all together and we 're nourishing each other 's positive sides , " he adds . CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this report	Antoine Arnault heads up luxury fashion label Berluti , part of the LVMH group Arnault says the market for male fashion is growing twice as fast as that for woman Last year menswear spending grew 14 % globally
CNN  -- In Texas , 33-year-old Marlise Munoz 's body is being maintained with technology after being reportedly declared dead based on neurologic criteria , meaning her brain can no longer keep her body alive and functioning . Her husband said she would n't want to be kept alive by medical technology . But state law requires that her body be sustained because she is 19 weeks pregnant . The issues surrounding Munoz 's case are not isolated . In California , 13-year-old Jahi McMath 's body is also being maintained with technology . Her family wants to continue keeping her alive even though her doctors consider her legally dead . There are families all over the world who have faced similar wrenching decisions . For the medical community and families affected in these cases , thorny ethical issues remain unanswered . Conventional wisdom says that the patient has the right to make a decision , but when he or she is unable to , the legal surrogate decides . With Munoz , there are two lives at stake : hers and that of her unborn child . Some believe that the life of the mother is directly linked to the life of the infant . They are viewed as an inextricable unit ; they live and die together . For others , the mother and fetus are viewed as separate beings with independent interests . As a nurse and clinical ethicist , I have witnessed firsthand the anguish of family members who must make a choice about continuing pregnancies under such uncertain circumstances , or the aggressiveness of treatment for their extremely premature infants . Generally , under conditions where there is great uncertainty about outcome for either the mother or the infant , we defer to the family to make an informed decision . Do Munoz 's preferences become nullified because she is pregnant ? Should Mr. Munoz 's request that his wife be allowed to die in a way that is consistent with her wishes be disregarded ? What is the ethical justification of mandating continued treatment that is contrary to the patient 's and surrogate 's wishes ? Does the fetus become a ward of the state and the woman 's body merely a biologic incubator for the fetus ? Who then is responsible for the ongoing costs and care of the woman 's body and the fetus should it be sustained to the point of viability  24 weeks  ? Keep in mind that there are significant unknowns . How would the lack of oxygen or other treatments impact the developing fetus ? Even if the fetus could be sustained to the point of viability , complications resulting from dependence on technology , severe disabilities or premature death are quite possible . Another ethical aspect of this tragic case is the impact on Munoz 's medical personnel , who are providing treatments that are not desired by the patient or her surrogate , and who are perceived to sustain death rather than life . Clearly , the first priority of doctors , nurses and other clinicians is the well-being of their patients . Their mandate is : First , do no harm . They want to help patients and avoid or remove their suffering . Whose interests are they obliged to promote when they have a patient like Munoz ? But medical personnel are not merely mindless robots who implement the decisions of others . They , too , have moral stakes in the process and outcomes of their care . In order for them to do their work with competence , respect and compassion , they must preserve their own sense of integrity . When doctors and nurses begin to view their actions as causing physical , emotional or spiritual harms to their patients , it causes them moral distress . They begin to wonder : How can I see myself as a good doctor or nurse when I am participating in actions that I perceive as wrong or ethically unjustified ? The result is that clinicians can burn out . They become cynical , detached or numb . There are no easy answers . Cases like Marlise Munoz are always heartbreaking . There are many things that technology in medicine can not cure or repair . We can not know whether attempting to sustain her biologic function to support her pregnancy will yield a healthy infant . Using technology is always a double-edged sword ; the very technology that creates hope can also create suffering . It is time to pause to examine again our "  technology default . " We must engage with our communities about the boundaries of using technology , and what the appropriate interventions are when a person 's life is sustained with technology . Some would argue that the Texas law rightly protects the interests of the developing fetus and restricts the family 's choices . Is the state a better guardian for the fetus than his or her biological parents ? We should always have a reverence for life and the ending of life . If there is uncertainty about the degree of brain damage a person has suffered , then it is ethical to use medical technology to keep him or her alive until a better determination can been made . However , as in the case of Marlise Munoz , we must consider whether keeping her alive by invoking a state law honors her and her memory . We need to find ways to make decisions that are respectful , fair and promote integrity . We also need to accept the limits of what medicine can and can not do . The time has come for a new paradigm for ethical practice in health care . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cynda Rushton .	The husband of a pregnant brain dead woman asks she be taken off of life support Cynda Rushton : But Texas law says she must be kept alive because of her unborn fetus She asks : Is it ethical to keep her body alive against the wishes of her family ? Rushton : Technology can be a double-edged sword , it can create hope or suffering
CNN  -- Shopping for some aplicaciones ? Google is surprising and frustrating some visitors to the new Web-based Android app store by greeting them in a foreign tongue . The website appears to choose which language to display based on the geographic location of the visitor 's internet address , and that detection method can be pretty good at guessing a person 's language preference . But for people traveling abroad , living in foreign countries or accessing the Web through an international proxy service , Google 's guess can be awkwardly wrong . On other Google sites , people can navigate to domains that cater to a specific language , or designate their choice with a link called "  language tools . " No such navigation is available on the online Android Market . A Google spokesman said the Android Market site is designed only for United States-based English speakers . More languages will be added to the site in coming weeks , the spokesman said . There was no mention of this restriction at last week 's ribbon cutting for the Android Market website . The announcement on the Android Developers blog did , however , say it would start out as English-only . Some Android fans were miffed to learn that Google seemed not to cater to them . Will Deasy from Cork , Ireland , tipped off CNN to the language problems with the Android Market website . Deasy was traveling to South America and lamented the "  missing feature " for setting a language . This comes as Android phones continue to surge in popularity . Handsets running Android made up 22.7 % of all smartphones sold worldwide last year , according to a report from research firm Gartner . Many of those customers do not live in the United States . There is a work-around for the problem , however . On Google 's support forum , users suggested adding this text -- " ? hl = en " -- to the end of the site 's Web address in order to tell the browser to load the site in English . Swap "  en " for "  es , " and you get Spanish ; or "  fr " for French ; and so on . Google also offers an internet translation service . Still , dozens of Android Market users continued to flock to Google message boards to express frustrations . "  Many sites these days try to be smart and automatically change their language without giving you the option to change it back , " said one person who speaks English but lives in Hong Kong . "  There should always be the option to change it , clearly labeled on the site . " In another message , an Android user wrote : "  I am traveling , and I want things in English , but I get Dutch instead . It 's awful . " Julie Vetter , on the support board , offered this plea : "  Google , please respond , in any language . "	The Android Market website chooses a language based on where a visitor is located This can be a pain for people who do n't speak the national language or for travelers Google says it 's working on versions for other countries and languages
CNN  -- A United States soldier captured by the Taliban says in a video posted on the Internet he is "  scared I wo n't be able to go home . " Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl shown here in a video made by his captors , members of the Taliban . The soldier was identified Sunday by the Pentagon as Pfc. Bowe R. Bergdahl , 23 , of Ketchum , Idaho . He was captured June 30 from Paktika province in southeastern Afghanistan . The Taliban has threatened to kill Bergdahl if foreign troops continue targeting civilians in the name of search operations in Ghazni and Paktika province , Taliban commander Mulvi Sangeen said by telephone Friday after being contacted by CNN at an undisclosed location . NATO-led forces in Afghanistan and the U.S. military have repeatedly denied targeting civilians . In the 28-minute video , Bergdahl becomes emotional when he speaks of his family -- his parents , siblings , nieces and nephew -- and the girlfriend he hopes to marry . "  I have a very , very good family that I love back home in America , and I miss them every day that I 'm gone , " he says . "  I miss them and I 'm afraid I might never see them again and that I 'll never be able to tell them I love them again . I 'll never be able to hug them . " He adds that he is "  scared . I 'm scared I wo n't be able to go home . It is very unnerving to be a prisoner . " However , he says his captors are treating him "  like a guest . " It was not clear whether some or all of Bergdahl 's remarks were scripted by his captors . Watch excerpt from the video " The last few minutes of the video show him eating a meal . In a statement released Sunday through the Idaho National Guard , Bergdahl 's family said , "  We hope and pray for our son 's safe return to his comrades and then to our family , and we appreciate all the support and expressions of sympathy shown to us by our family members , our friends and others across the nation . Thank you , and please continue to keep Bowe in your thoughts and prayers . " Asked by his captors if he had any message for Americans , the soldier says , "  To my fellow Americans who have loved ones over here , who know what it 's like to miss them , you have the power to make our government bring them home . Please , please bring us home so we can be back where we belong and not over here . " The Taliban earlier claimed responsibility for Bergdahl 's kidnapping , the military said . Last week , the U.S. military distributed pamphlets in eastern Afghanistan in an effort to locate him . "  As you can see , the American soldier is in good shape and good health , and he is being treated well based on the guidelines of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan regarding war prisoners , " said a statement on Islamist Web sites accompanying the video . "  Any decision regarding the American soldier will be the specialty of the high order of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan , may God protect him . " The U.S. military said it believed Bergdahl may have been moved to various locations . In the video , Bergdahl 's captor makes reference to his being moved from Paktika to Khandahar . He acknowledges it , saying the move was accomplished "  very easily . " The claim could not be independently verified . Asked the date by his captor , Bergdahl says it is July 14 . Two versions of the pamphlets were distributed in Afghanistan , written in the Pashto language . They were made available to CNN by U.S. Forces Afghanistan . One shows the image of an American soldier shaking hands in a group of kids with the message , "  One of our American guests is missing . Return the guest to his home . Call us at " -- and lists a phone number . The other shows a U.S. soldier kicking down a door , and then an outstretched hand with the superimposed image of a soldier , his head and arms drooping , and the words , "  If you do not release the U.S. soldier then ... you will be hunted , " the pamphlet says . Days after Bergdahl went missing , a senior U.S. military official said Bergdahl and the Afghan soldiers were captured by low-level militants and then quickly "  sold " to the clan and network led by warlord Siraj Haqqani -- believed to be deeply involved in the action . The Haqqani clan operates on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistani border and is well known to the U.S. military . Bergdahl apparently left his small outpost on his own on June 30 with no apparent means of defending himself , the official said . Taliban commander Mulvi Sangeen said he visited a military post in the Yousaf Khel district in the Paktika province , got drunk , and was ambushed while returning to his car . Sangeen said the soldier was taken to a safe place . CNN could not independently verify Sangeen 's claims . A source with the U.S. military denied the claim that Bergdahl was drunk . "  The Taliban are known for lying and what they are claiming  is  not true , " the source said . In the video , Bergdahl says he was captured as he was lagging behind a patrol . Ketchum Mayor Randy Hall told CNN Sunday , "  Right now , the news is still breaking through town , and as the mayor , I can say this is a community situation . " But , he said , "  I trust the leadership of this country , the wisdom of the people who are serving and the decisions that led up to the situation . " Bergdahl is not a National Guardsman , according to the Idaho National Guard statement , but the organization said it was coordinating with the Department of Defense to provide public affairs duties and other assistance to the Bergdahl family . The family has requested privacy , the statement said . CNN 's Barbara Starr and journalist Janullah Hashimzada contributed to this report .	Soldier from Idaho says he 's frightened he wo n't be able to see family again U.S. military : Pfc. Bowe R. Bergdahl , 23 , was captured June 30 from Paktika province Taliban commander : Taliban will kill him if foreign troops keep targeting civilians He was taken by members of the Taliban , the military says
As accusations over Obamacare and U.S. spying spiral into political controversies at home and abroad , there are two key questions bubbling beneath the surface : What did President Obama know , and when did he find out ? U.S. officials have said that the President did n't know about problems with the website for the health care policy he championed and that it was n't until recently that he learned about a National Security Agency operation that wiretapped German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's phone . Dianne Feinstein , the chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , became the latest official to say the President was unaware of at least some spying . "  It is my understanding that President Obama was not aware Chancellor Merkel 's communications were being collected since 2002 . That is a big problem , " she said Monday in a written statement . Questions about what the President knew and when he knew it have important implications , analysts told CNN on Monday . If Obama was aware , that could mean he is n't being clear with the American public now . And if he was n't aware , that could mean his own staff kept him in the dark . "  There 's really no good answer , " said Republican strategist Kevin Madden . "  If he knew , essentially we 're being misled by different people in the administration about the extent of the president 's knowledge . If he did n't know , it 's an abdication of even the most basic responsibilities of the command and control over very important parts of his administration , and that becomes a problem . " A.B. Stoddard , associate editor of The Hill , said this is n't the first time this sort of situation has come up , and someone aiming to protect Obama could have deliberately kept him out of the loop . "  So he gets to sort of exonerate himself and say , ' I really do n't know . ' ... But if he 's not responsible , who is ? " she told CNN 's The Lead . "  He has to be accountable for major decisions and major moments like this . When someone like Merkel calls him , he has to be able to be accountable to her and say these are n't decisions made by other people . " White House : Do n't tie issues together In an exclusive interview with CNN last week , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said the President did n't know of problems with the Affordable Care Act 's website until after its glitch-laden launch on Oct. 1 . This was despite the fact that insurance companies had been complaining and the site crashed during a pre-launch test run . At a press briefing Monday , White House spokesman Jay Carney declined to detail what Obama knew and when . He said that tying topics like problems with the Obamacare website and reports about NSA spying together is "  conflating a bunch of very disparate issues . " Asked about a Wall Street Journal report that the White House stopped the operation monitoring Merkel after learning about it over the summer , Carney said he would n't "  get into individual reports about specific programs " but said he 'd provide more details once a White House review of U.S. surveillance is complete . Experts : Not every detail disclosed It 's plausible that Obama would n't know about specific surveillance targets , said CNN National Security Analyst Frances Fragos Townsend , who sits on the CIA external advisory board . Overall intelligence collection priorities are well-known by the White House , she said . "  Specific targets , however ,  like  Angela Merkel 's cell phone , are not the sort of thing discussed with the President of the United States , " she said . Every morning , Townsend said , Obama receives an intelligence narrative . "  It does n't tell him specifically where the collection came from , " Townsend said , "  but some of it is sort of self-evident . " No one should expect the President to know everything the NSA is doing , said Julian Zelizer , a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University . "  But when you 're talking about the surveillance of world leaders , and an issue that 's been controversial for a while now , you would expect that there 's some knowledge either by the President or people surrounding him . ... I do think there 's surprise that this was off the radar in the inner circles of the White House , " he said . Time for change ? Republican U.S. Rep. Peter King , a key member of the Homeland Security Committee , said if the surveillance happened without the President 's knowledge , it has larger implications . "  I would say if the President did not know , that raises very serious questions about what he 's doing as chief executive . The fact he would be going into negotiations and discussions and meetings with Angela Merkel or French leaders -- or any leaders for that matter -- and not be aware that there was surveillance going on of the private phone calls , to me either something is definitely wrong in his administration or he just has a totally hands-off attitude . To me , this is unacceptable , " King told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Monday . No matter what Obama knew , or when , Stoddard said , it 's time for a new approach . "  He has often said that he did n't know what was going on with the  HealthCare.gov  website . ... He ca n't pretend he does n't know and walk away from problems anymore , because he has been caught too many times out of the loop , " she said . "  He ca n't do his job that way . " Problems in management , analysts say Ron Suskind , who analyzed Obama 's leadership style in his book "  Confidence Men , " said the recent glitches in HealthCare.gov give a glimpse into problems with Obama 's management approach . Obama should get high marks for the concepts of policies he 's pushed forward , like the Affordable Care Act , Suskind said . But he 's struggled with implementing them , Suskind said . "  Whether Obama gave orders that were not followed , or simply did not give directives that were precise with attached ticking clocks , if you will , in terms of execution , he clearly should have , minutes after the Affordable Care Act was passed , said , ` This is a logistically high bar to cross . Let us begin now to come up with models , alphas and betas and test runs , and call in the best people on the planet to make sure that we have a system that is ready to operate efficiently on opening day . ' " But when Obama learned of the problems is n't the most important question to ask , Suskind said . "  The question is , what will he do now ? " Ross Douthat , a CNN political commentator and a columnist for The New York Times , wondered whether some officials would lose their jobs if the President really was n't informed . "  The question becomes , why do the people who failed to keep him in the loop still have their jobs ? " he said on Anderson Cooper 360 . Another columnist at the Times said it looks bad that Obama looks uncertain . "  One of the  basic kinds of rules of management is : Never let the boss get caught off guard . The boss is caught off guard here . That is a problem , " Charles Blow said . "  That is a management problem , and they 're going to have to figure that management problem out . "	Intelligence Committee chair says President should have been told of some spying Officials say Obama did n't know about HealthCare.gov website glitches and U.S. spy programs Analyst : "  This has happened before . ... He has to be accountable for major decisions " Republican strategist : "  There 's really no good answer "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama headed to the Czech Republic on Wednesday night to meet with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and sign an arms control agreement that reduces the nuclear stockpiles of both nations . The new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty  START  to be signed Thursday by the two leaders builds on a previous agreement that expired in December . Obama has called the treaty the "  the most comprehensive arms control agreement in nearly two decades " and said it would cut the nuclear weapons of the United States and Russia by about a third . After meeting with Medvedev and attending the signing ceremony in Prague , the Czech Republic capital , Obama will have dinner with heads of government from 11 countries -- Bulgaria , Croatia , Czech Republic , Estonia , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , Poland , Romania , Slovakia and Slovenia . The highlight of the two-day trip is the new treaty with Russia , which is another step in nuclear arms relations between the former Cold War adversaries . Its signing comes two days after the Obama administration announced a new U.S. nuclear weapons policy and four days before Obama convenes a summit of 47 nations on nuclear security issues . "  It significantly reduces missiles and launchers , " Obama said of the new treaty , which lasts for 10 years . "  It puts in place a strong and effective verification regime . And it maintains the flexibility that we need to protect and advance our national security , and to guarantee our unwavering commitment to the security of our allies . " Obama has made nuclear non-proliferation a major priority of his presidency , prompting criticism from conservatives who fear the president will weaken the U.S. nuclear deterrent against possible attack . "  We believe that preventing nuclear terrorism and nuclear proliferation should begin by directly confronting the two leading proliferators and supporters of terrorism , Iran and North Korea , " according to a statement issued Tuesday by Arizona 's two Republican U.S. senators , John McCain and Jon Kyl . "  The Obama Administration 's policies , thus far , have failed to do that and this failure has sent exactly the wrong message to other would be proliferators and supporters of terrorism . " According to information released by the White House , the new treaty limits both nations to "  significantly fewer strategic arms within seven years " of its signing . One of the limits : 1,550 warheads . "  Warheads on deployed ICBMs  Intercontinental ballistic missiles  and deployed SLBMs  submarine-launched ballistic missiles  count toward this limit and each deployed heavy bomber equipped for nuclear armaments counts as one warhead toward this limit , " the White House said . There also are limits on launchers . The treaty also lays out a "  verification regime " that includes on-site inspections , data exchanges and notifications , the White House said . "  The treaty does not contain any constraints on testing , development or deployment of current or planned U.S. missile defense programs or current or planned United States long-range conventional strike capabilities , " according to the White House . Obama said the agreement is part of the U.S. effort to "  reset " the U.S. relationship with Russia . "  With this agreement , the United States and Russia -- the two largest nuclear powers in the world -- also send a clear signal that we intend to lead , " the president said . "  By upholding our own commitments under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , we strengthen our global efforts to stop the spread of these weapons , and to ensure that other nations meet their own responsibilities . " Negotiators have been working since April 2009 to wrap up the "  follow-on " to the 1991 START agreement . Talks were difficult , with disagreements over verification , including on-site inspection of missiles that carry nuclear warheads . A U.S. official with knowledge of the talks earlier said that negotiators had found "  innovative " ways to verify what each side has . Verification will be a top issue politically because the U.S. Senate and the Russian parliament will each have to ratify any agreement . Russian officials at one point objected to the Obama administration 's plans to build a missile-defense system in Eastern Europe . Specifically , they were angered by news leaks from Romania that it had agreed to allow missile interceptors to be installed in that country . The issue , according to arms control experts , was resolved by including non-binding language in the START treaty 's preamble stating that there is a relationship between offensive and defensive weapons ; however , the treaty itself deals only with limits on offensive weapons systems . This resolution could help placate U.S. critics who want no link in the treaty between offensive and defensive weapons , arguing that it might be used to try to limit a U.S. missile-defense plan . The new treaty would be the first pact related to arms control since the end of the Cold War , experts have said , setting the stage for further arms reductions that will tackle thorny issues such as what to do with non-deployed warheads that are kept in storage , tactical nuclear weapons and further cuts in missiles and launch vehicles . Some of those issues are expected to come up at the nuclear security summit in Washington on April 12-13 .	Obama : "  Most comprehensive arms control agreement in nearly two decades " President will also have dinner with heads of government from 11 countries during trip Treaty limits both nations to "  significantly fewer strategic arms "
CNN  -- An international human rights monitor urged Haitian authorities to bring former dictator Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier to justice for alleged human rights abuses committed during his 15-year rule . Amnesty International published a new report Thursday with evidence of arbitrary detentions , torture , deaths in custody , killings and disappearances of Haitians from 1971 to 1985 when Duvalier was in power . Amnesty said the abuse was systematic and widespread under Duvalier 's iron-fisted rule . "  Neither the passage of time nor immunity from prosecution can be used as excuses for not investigating or prosecuting those responsible for such crimes , including Jean-Claude Duvalier himself , " the report said . Duvalier stunned the world by returning to Haiti in January . He had been living in exile in France . After Duvalier 's return to Port-au-Prince , Haitian authorities reopened a 2008 corruption and embezzlement case against him based on allegations that he stole hundreds of millions of dollars from the national treasury . Amnesty International as well as other human rights groups want Haitian authorities to also bring Duvalier to trial for his alleged brutality . Amnesty gave the Port-au-Prince public prosecutor 100 documents that it said detailed cases of human rights violations . "  What is needed is political will from Haiti 's new administration to comply with their international obligations and their duty to the survivors and victims of abuses , " said Javier Zuniga , a special advisor at Amnesty International . "  The cases of human rights abuses we documented in Haiti are likely to be only a small proportion of what really happened during Duvalier 's rule , " Zuniga said . "  We will probably never know the true extent of the horror , but carrying out effective investigations will go a long way towards delivering justice . " Amnesty International 's documents tell the experiences of cobblers , taxi drivers , filmmakers , mechanics , distillers and even hairdressers , all of whom , they say , were arrested for anti-government activity . Among the testimonies is that of Evans Paul , a journalist who was arrested in October 1980 at the Port-au-Prince airport . He was returning from New York after interviewing the exiled former Haitian President Paul Eugene Magloire . He was several journalists arrested for subversion , according to Amnesty International . "  Several people with sticks ... gave me a severe beating , " Paul told the organization . "  A man ... pushed a long stick behind my legs and arms . I was like a ball . I felt as my body was going to break everywhere . At that point I was beaten with sticks . At one point I felt as though I were going to die . They gave me something to drink . Then they started again even worse . The skin on my buttocks had been torn away . The blood was running down . They were n't put off . On the contrary , you could say that the sight of my blood excited them even more . When I was on the point of dying , they untied me and dragged me to a dark cell . You could n't see anything . " He was later released without charge . Gerard Duclerville , a Catholic lay activist , was arrested in December 1982 . Duclerville told Amnesty that he was interrogated about his radio show . "  They jacked me up and started raining blows on me with a baton ... I must have been hit 70 times with the baton . At some point I felt it was too much for me and I could n't stand any more . I said to them , ` You guys , instead of torturing me like that , it would be better if you just killed me and get it over with ... ' " He was released without charge and needed treatment in a hospital , including skin grafts . He was lucky . Others died in custody , Amnesty said . Still others "  disappeared , " never to be seen again . Michele Montas , a journalist and former spokeswoman for the United Nations secretary-general , said she endured threats and detention and survived an assassination attempt for her journalism . The staff at the independent radio station of her husband , Jean Dominique , was harassed and the station was shut down during Duvalier 's rule , she said . She was expelled from the country in 1980 and returned only after Duvalier 's ouster . "  We have enough proof , " she told CNN in January . "  There are enough people who can testify . " Dominique was slain in 2000 . His daughter Nadine Dominique is one of the organizers of a Duvalier victims ' group in Quebec , Canada . "  We were shocked when we heard the news that he had returned to Haiti , " said Nadine Dominique . "  We all felt so strongly that we had to help bring him to justice , because without that , the Haitian people will never fully heal . You can not move on without that closure . " With the release of its report , Amnesty International urged Haiti 's new president , Michel Martelly , to take swift action . "  Haiti 's current government led by President Michel Martelly has an obligation under international law to bring to justice those responsible for the crimes against humanity committed during Duvalier 's years , " Zuniga said . CNN attempts to reach Martelly for comment were unsuccessful . Duvalier told reporters in January that he returned to Haiti to help with rebuilding the country after last year 's devastating earthquake . In May , he was living with his companion Veronique Roy in a friend 's hilltop home in a plush Port-au-Prince neighborhood . He took over Haiti at the young age of 19 -- then the youngest leader in the world -- but at 59 , looked infirm beyond his years . He has since turned 60 . He agreed to speak about all the allegations against him but in the end , CNN never heard back from him .	Amnesty International documents cases of abuse under Jean-Claude Duvalier 's rule They claim evidence of arbitrary arrests , disappearances , torture and death Amnesty wants the Haitian government to put "  Baby Doc " on trial Duvalier returned to Haiti in January after 25 years of exile
CNN  -- Typhoon Megi marched toward southern China on Wednesday after leaving 11 people dead in the Philippines , prompting Chinese authorities to close train services in the region , state media said . Trains from Sanya to other provinces were canceled until Thursday , while trains heading from other provinces to Sanya will stop at Guangzhou , capital of Guangdong province , the Xinhua news agency reported . Megi may be the strongest typhoon to hit China this year , Xinhua said . It is expected to make landfall in Hainan or Guangdong province on Saturday , Xinhua said . The death toll in the Philippines from Megi has climbed to 11 as the powerful storm moved away from the country . According to civil defense officials , the fatalities were for various reasons , including falling trees , drowning and lightning . Parts of the Philippines could still be vulnerable to mudslides and landslides . The typhoon could approach Hong Kong and mainland China in the next few days . Megi is expected to lash Hainan and Vietnam . Southern provinces such as Hainan , Guangdong and Fujian are gearing up for heavy rains and strong winds , state media said .	At least 11 killed after the typhoon struck in the Philippines Megi may be the strongest typhoon to hit China this year Typhoon could approach Hong Kong and mainland China in next few days
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal must get past big-serving home hope Andy Roddick to have a shot at his first title in 11 months at the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami . The Spanish fourth seed crushed No. 8 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France 6-3 6-2 on Wednesday night to move into the semifinals of the ATP Tour event , which has already seen top-ranked Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray fall by the wayside . Sixth seed Roddick is hoping to repeat his 2004 victory , with the American in similarly dominant form as he dispatched Nadal 's 33rd-seeded compatriot Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-3 . Nadal , twice a losing finalist in the southern American city , also reached the last four at Indian Wells two weeks ago on his return from a knee injury . "  When you play against Andy , it always is a big challenge , " he told the ATP Tour Web site . "  His serve , and he 's a very good competitor . He 's a winner . Gon na be a very tough match , no ? I think I have to play my best tennis to try to win . " Roddick , who has not dropped a set so far , will take on a player who will return to No. 3 in the world rankings next week following defending champion Murray 's second-round exit . He reached the final at Indian Wells before losing to Nadal 's conqueror Ivan Ljubicic , and was also a semifinalist in Miami in 2008 . "  Sometimes when you 're not playing well , everything feels a little bit forced . When you play a lot of matches and play a high level , it feels like everything kind of slows down a little bit , " he told the ATP site . "  Muscle memory takes over a little bit more , and things kind of just happen . So I think I 'm at that stage right now . "  Unfortunately with tennis you have to start every day and it 's a new one . You 're playing well , but you still have to go out and do it every day . " In Thursday 's quarterfinals , fifth seed Robin Soderling of Sweden takes on No. 13 Mikhail Youzhny of Russia . Czech 16th seed Tomas Berdych , who knocked out Federer on Wednesday , will play Spanish No. 10 Fernando Verdasco . Meanwhile , Justine Henin will take on fellow Belgian Kim Clijsters in a battle of the former number ones in the semifinals of the women 's event in Miami . Henin came from behind to oust second seed Caroline Wozniacki , beating the young Dane 6-7  5-7  6-3 6-4 . "  I was in a lot of trouble in the first set . It was n't easy for me to find a good balance of aggression and patience , " Henin , who was given a wildcard entry , told the WTA Tour Web site . "  It was the kind of match I really needed . Even though I was a bit tired in the end , I was able to win . In terms of my fighting spirit , I proved I can still do it . That was important for me . " Clijsters , the 14th seed , defeated No. 9 Samantha Stosur of Australia 6-3 7-5 as she broke to love in the 11th game and then served out for victory . "  Kim and I grew up together , arrived on the tour at the same time , played well at the same time , retired at the same time , and now we came back at the same time . It 's amazing , " Clijsters said . "  We have never stopped respecting each other . Never , ever , ever . Even if people talk about it , we never had any problems , Kim and I. " Henin has a 12-11 advantage in matches between the two , and the winner of Thursday night 's match will take on either American third seed Venus Williams or France 's No. 13 Marion Bartoli .	Rafael Nadal faces Andy Roddick in semifinals of Sony Ericsson Open in Miami Spanish fourth seed continues comeback with 6-3 6-2 win over No. 8 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga American sixth seed Roddick crushes Nadal 's compatriot Nicolas Almagro Kim Clijsters to take on fellow Belgian Justine Henin in last four of women 's event
British aid worker David Haines has been executed by ISIS militants , according to a video posted Saturday to a website associated with the group , making him the third Western captive to be killed by the Islamist extremist group in recent weeks . The ISIS video post showing Haines ' beheading called his execution "  a message to the allies of America . " It is produced very similarly to the videos that showed the executions of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff , the last of which included Haines and the threat that he 'd be killed next . The new video pictures a masked ISIS militant placing his hand on another captive , whom he identified as Alan Henning , a British citizen . In a tweet , British Prime Minister David Cameron called "  the murder of David Haines " an "  act of pure evil . " Cameron added , "  We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice , however long it takes . " Haines offers brief scripted comments on the video , as does the man who kills him . Directing his remarks at Britain , the executioner -- who sounds like the man who killed Foley and Sotloff -- says , "  Your evil alliance with America , which continues to strike the Muslims of Iraq and most recently bombed the Haditha dam , will only accelerate your destruction and claim the role of the obedient lap dog . "  Cameron will only drag you and your people into another bloody and unwinnable war . " Retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona -- an Air Force veteran intelligence officer and CNN military analyst -- surmised that if ISIS planned to dissuade Britain for teaming up with the United States , the group will be disappointed . "  ISIS has just guaranteed British cooperation with the Americans on all phases of what we 're going to be doing , " Francona said . " ... I think this is now a Western fight ; it 's not just a U.S. fight . " ISIS execution videos strikingly similar Brother : Haines ` just another bloke ' who lived to help others News of the gruesome killing came the same day that the 44-year-old Haines ' family released a brief message to his captors through the British Foreign Office . In it , the family says , "  We have sent messages to you to which we have not received a reply . We are asking those holding David to make contact with us . " Haines ' face became known to the world in the ISIS video , released September 2 , in which he looks forward and kneels as a masked ISIS militant stands behind him . The militant says in that video , "  We take this opportunity to warn those governments who 've entered this evil alliance of America against the Islamic State to back off and leave our people alone . " British officials said after the video 's release that they had sent troops to try to rescue an unidentified British citizen "  some time ago , " but failed . They released no other details . Mike Haines , in a statement early Sunday , through the British Foreign Office , noted that his brother leaves behind two children and his wife Dragana . He described his brother as "  just another bloke " whose "  childhood was centered around our family " and who was "  brought up to know right from wrong . " David Haines worked for the Royal Mail , then joined the Royal Air Force . He later worked with the United Nations in the Balkans , where "  he helped whoever needed help , regardless of race , creed or religion , " according to his brother . "  During this time , David began to decide that humanitarian work was the field he wanted to work in , " Mike Haines said . " ... David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles . " After working for ScotRail , David Haines went on to get a job as a logistics and security manager for the Paris-based humanitarian Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development . He was abducted in March 2013 near a refugee camp in Atmeh , Syria , where he was working to arrange for the delivery of humanitarian aid to people staying at the camp . He had previously worked on aid operations for victims of conflict in the Balkans , African and other parts of the Middle East , according to an ACTED spokesman . "  His joy and anticipation for the work he  did  in Syria is , for myself and family , the most important element of this whole sad affair , " Mike Haines said . "  He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly . " British hostage of ISIS was helping displaced Syrians , aid group says Obama : U.S. ` stands shoulder-to-shoulder ' with Britain Another hostage has been publicly killed by ISIS . Another one 's life has been threatened . And fighters for ISIS -- which calls itself the Islamic State , in a nod to its efforts to establish a vast caliphate in the Middle East under its strict version of Sharia law -- are continuing to kill innocent civilians in Iraq and Syria . So what 's next ? The threat from ISIS has been brewing for some time . Having begun a decade ago as al Qaeda in Iraq -- only to be disowned earlier this year by al Qaeda , the group behind the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , for its heavy-handed tactics -- ISIS has taken advantage of instability in Syria and Iraq to become one of the most prominent and feared groups in the Middle East . ISIS , which is also known as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant or ISIL , managed to become one of the most successful rebel groups working to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . It also rampaged through much of Iraq , thwarting seemingly overmatched Iraqi troops and massacring those who did not subscribe to its extreme version of Islam . It was n't until last month -- albeit before Foley 's killing -- that the American military jumped into the fray . "  It 's a bit like trying to predict an earthquake : You can see pressure building up on the fault lines but not knowing when it 's going to materialize  or how  quickly it can disintegrate , " Rep. Adam Schiff , a California Democrat , said Saturday night . "  Those things are very hard to predict . " Partnering with the Iraqi military and Kurdish fighters , U.S. warplanes have been striking ISIS targets in Iraq regularly since August 8 . Earlier this week , President Barack Obama announced that U.S. airstrikes would go after the extremist group in Syria , and perhaps beyond . "  We will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country , wherever they are , " said Obama , who insisted American troops would n't fight "  on foreign soil , " though they will play support roles . "  That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria , as well as Iraq . This is a core principle of my presidency : if you threaten America , you will find no safe haven . " The President vowed the United States wo n't do it alone . To this end , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry was in Egypt on Saturday seeking that country 's help in the fight against ISIS . Britain is one country , at least , that has stepped up -- even before Haines ' killing . That includes providing "  urgent military support " at the Iraqi government 's request , including heavy machine guns , body armor and nearly half a million rounds of ammunition to Kurdish fighters known as the Peshmerga . The scale of that support , though , could ramp up now with one Briton executed and Henning 's life in limbo . To this end , 10 Downing Street announced early Sunday that Cameron will convene an emergency meeting of his top security officials to discuss what Britain will do next . Obama released a statement late Saturday after what he called Haines ' "  barbaric murder , " offering his support for the aid worker 's family and his native Britain . "  The United States stands shoulder-to-shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve , " the President said . "  We will work with the United Kingdom and a broad coalition of nations from the region and around the world to bring the perpetrators of this outrageous act to justice , and to degrade and destroy this threat to the people of our countries , the region and the world . " John Kerry seeks Egypt 's support for mission to build coalition against ISIS Statement from family of David Haines	Brother : Haines is survived by his wife , 2 children ; he once was in the UK air force David Haines found his true calling in humanitarian work , his brother says The video characterizes Haines ' beheading "  a message to the allies of America " British PM : "  We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers "
CNN  -- Tempestuous weather is striking the United States on four fronts . It seems as if Mother Nature is trying to throw much of the nation one extreme or another . Here 's a roundup : First tropical storm of the season ? An area of "  disturbed weather " in the Gulf of Mexico , off the Yucatan Peninsula , could bring heavy rain and flooding to the Florida Peninsula and the Georgia and Carolina coasts by Thursday , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . Morris says he 'll be watching to see if the bad weather becomes the first tropical depression -- or even the first tropical storm -- of the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season , which runs from June 1 to November 30 . At a minimum , the storms could cause a lot of rainfall and flooding on the Florida Peninsula , he said . Fires A 32,000-acre wildfire is burning some old-growth chaparral that lies in the western tip of the Mojave Desert in northern Los Angeles County . Firefighters have brought the Powerhouse Fire 60 % under control , said Ed Gilliland of the U.S. Forest Service . Six homes have been destroyed , but conditions are safe enough to lift evacuation orders and allow people to return to the communities of Green Valley , Leona Valley , Elizabeth Lake and Lake Hughes , authorities said . Higher humidity and lower temperatures should help firefighters , Gilliland said . Added Morris : "  They are n't expecting gusty winds in that area , so the conditions should be favorable for the firefighters to gain some ground there , which they have been . " In New Mexico , a wildfire is burning nearly uncontrollably in the mountains at Pecos . The Tres Lagunas Fire is only 7 % contained and has charred 8,500 acres , authorities said , adding that crews are trying to protect structures in Holy Ghost Canyon . Floods The mighty Mississippi River is now at major flood stage in St. Louis , but the worst of it is over and waters will recede this week , Morris said . The river has risen to more than 10 feet above flood stage . Downriver , however , Cape Girardeau , Missouri , could face flooding as the surge moves downstream , Morris said . But the city will be the last along the river to face such a threat , because the river begins to widen south of there , Morris said . "  We 're expecting Cape Girardeau to reach major flood stage tonight and crest at the end of the week , " Morris said Tuesday . Crews in West Alton , Missouri -- a town just north of St. Louis where the Mississippi and Missouri rivers meet -- were reinforcing their levees with sandbags . The bridge to Alton , Illinois , was shut down after a temporary flood barricade failed . On Tuesday , the Mississippi breached a 100 - to 150-foot section of the levee close to the confluence , and authorities have notified 43 homes , said Rivers Pointe Fire Chief Rick Pender in West Alton . Water has reportedly traveled two miles inside the levee . Tornado Alley Still reeling from deadly twisters , Oklahoma faced a slight risk of thunderstorms Tuesday , but the good news is there 's only a slight chance of an isolated tornado , Morris said . There is , however , a chance of large hail and damaging straight-line winds in northwest Oklahoma , he said . "  For most of the state , it 's just a very slight risk of severe storms , " Morris said . There is also a slight risk of severe weather for the southern half of Kansas , far northern Texas and southeast Colorado . Oklahoma 's recent storms have killed 19 people , said Shanea Scully , administrative coordinator for the Oklahoma City Fire Department . The tornado that struck El Reno , Oklahoma , on May 31 was declared to be the widest in history , at 2.6 miles , and its damage rating was raised to EF5 , the most severe , the National Weather Service announced Tuesday .	NEW : Mississippi River breaches levee near confluence with Missouri River Heavy rain heads to Florida with season 's first possible tropical depression Wildfires burn in Los Angeles area and New Mexico Thunderstorms may hit Oklahoma , but mercifully , more tornadoes are a long shot
For decades , prosecutors say , Johann  John  Breyer had successfully eluded a dark past . In his twilight years , the 89-year-old Philadelphia man was forced to defend himself against accusations that he was more than a mere perimeter guard at the notorious Auschwitz camp , where more than 1 million people , most of them Jews , were killed during World War II . He maintained that he never persecuted anyone . In 2003 , a U.S. court ruled that he was not responsible for joining a Nazi unit because he was only 17 years old at the time . But new evidence has emerged , U.S. and German prosecutors say , that shows Breyer had to have been involved in the crimes that occurred in that place . Breyer , who has lived in the United States since the 1950s , is facing possible extradition to Germany following his arrest Tuesday in Philadelphia , authorities said . Federal Magistrate Judge Timothy R. Rice on Wednesday ordered him held without bail , pending an extradition hearing in late August . "  Extradition is traditionally a very long and complicated process , " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  It 's always possible to fight extradition . It just often takes a long time . " German authorities alleged that Breyer served in the Nazi "  Death 's Head Guard Battalion " from 1943 to 1945 at the Auschwitz II-Birkenau concentration camp and at another location , according to court papers . German authorities have charged Breyer with complicity in the murder of more than 216,000 European Jews from Hungary , Germany , and Czechoslovakia , who were forcibly deported to Auschwitz , in southern Poland , on 158 trains between May and October 1944 , according to court documents filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania . Little is known about Breyer 's life in the United States , where he most recently lived with family in a redbrick row house in northeast Philadelphia . In court this week , Breyer 's lawyer described his client as old , frail , sick and weak , according to CNN affiliate KYW . "  One of the core issues , how can the German government or any government charge someone with a crime so long after the actual crime ? " Toobin said . "  How can you have the evidence ? How can you put on witnesses ? How can you prove what happened in the 1940s ? " The U.S. case against Breyer dates to the 1990s , when federal authorities sought to strip him of his U.S. citizenship , arguing that Nazis were not eligible . At the time , Breyer admitted to the U.S. Department of Justice that he served as an armed guard at the Buchenwald concentration camp , in Germany , and was later transferred to Auschwitz . According to the current complaint , Breyer told U.S. authorities in 1991 that he was a perimeter guard and may have fired into the air occasionally . He also stated that on three or four occasions he marched prisoners to construction sites outside the camp complex . He told authorities he heard that people would be cremated and saw smoke but did not know how the prisoners had died , the complaint said . He is quoted in court papers as saying Auschwitz was "  a terrible camp " where "  something is going on there . " He allegedly said he knew people were being cremated and saw smoke . The new complaint states that Breyer was promoted at least once while stationed at the Auschwitz II-Birkenau , and granted leave to visit his German hometown twice , once in April 1944 and another time in January 1945 . The complaint explains that such benefits were not afforded to guards who had refused to perform the full range of duties of an SS "  Death 's Head Battalion " guard . It was common knowledge among guards that prisoners unfit for labor were gassed and their bodies burned , according to the documents . Breyer got his original claim to U.S. citizenship from his mother , who was born in Manayunk , Pennsylvania , and who returned with her family to Germany before World War I . After World War II , Breyer migrated to the United States in 1952 and claimed citizenship as a displaced person . In the court documents submitted to the federal magistrate this week , Breyer is said to have made statements since 1951 that are "  highly inconsistent with each other and are contrary to existing historical records and other credible evidence . " Authorities allege that he deliberately made false statements to minimize his role in the Holocaust . A spokesman for the Anti-Defamation League who is also a Holocaust survivor praised the long-running efforts that led to Breyer 's arrest . "  We applaud the German and American governments for their commitment to ensuring that , while justice may be delayed , perpetrators of the Holocaust will be pursued to the end , no matter how long it takes , " Abraham H. Foxman , the Anti-Defamation League National Director , said in a statement . "  We are especially grateful for the tireless efforts of the U.S. Department of Justice , which has long sought an order of deportation against Breyer , who served in the Nazi SS as a guard at two notorious concentration camps during World War II , " said Foxman . Breyer 's extradition hearing is scheduled for August 21 . Owner of art collection suspected to contain Nazi loot dies An extraordinary story of Holocaust defiance	Johann  John  Breyer long ago admitted he was a perimeter guard at Auschwitz But he said he had no involvement in camp deaths or cremations Two governments -- the U.S. and Germany -- say he had to have been involved Breyer , now 89 , is charged with complicity in the deaths of thousands at the camp
He may be one of the most famous faces on the planet and earning in excess of $ 46 million a year , according to France Football magazine , but David Beckham admits he does not have it all . In an interview with CNN , the Paris Saint-Germain midfielder has spoken of the daily anguish he suffers while living in France . For the former England captain , preparing for Tuesday 's glamour Champions League quarterfinal clash with Barcelona , is finding it hard to be apart from his wife Victoria and their four children , all of whom are now based in London . Beckham to donate PSG wages to charity He may be living in one of Paris ' finest hotels , occupying a suite at Le Bristol that features marble bathrooms and one of the world 's best chefs and costs thousands of dollars per night , but Beckham says he has an even higher price to pay by staying in the French capital . "  That 's the sacrifice I have to make as a father and as a husband : being away from my family , " he told CNN . "  It is only for a short time , but it 's difficult being away from the children every single day . But they understand it . They understand that Daddy works hard . " Beckham says that his eldest child , 14-year-old Brooklyn , is also beginning to understand the limitations of having one of the world 's biggest celebrities as a father . "  My eldest now is at the age where he wants to do things and go to places , and we have to hold him back , " said the recently appointed ambassador for Chinese football . "  You have to explain to him that there are certain things that he ca n't do . But to be honest , we let our children do 99 % of the things they want to do , because we want them to lead a normal life . " The former Manchester United and Real Madrid star joined the French side in January , and although the original deal was for five months only , PSG President Nasser Al-Khelafi told French daily L'Equipe on Monday that he is keen to retain Beckham 's services for next season as well . The club 's Italian coach Carlo Ancelotti has also indicated a desire to retain Beckham , who makes the short flight home to the city of his birth on a regular basis to spend time with his kids , who go to school in the English capital . Such overtures may leave Beckham with a difficult decision to make when his deal expires in May , but with his wife keen to settle back in London after nearly a decade away -- following stays in Spain and LA Galaxy in the United States -- and the footballer saying he will never play for any English club other than Manchester United , the proximity of Paris may well be his best option . And there 's no denying that the 1999 Champions League winner is relishing his return to the limelight of European football 's finest competition in the twilight of his career . "  To be asked to come and play here was obviously an honor and something that I was excited about . They have big plans at the club , and rightly so , " said a man who has made six PSG appearances , all but two of which have come as a substitute . Beckham becomes new face of Chinese football "  Paris is an amazing city , amazing culture . The club has not been around for many years , and the success that they want to achieve is doable . " Founded in 1970 , PSG faces one of the biggest nights in its history when hosting four-time European champions Barcelona , who last won the Champions League in 2011 , on Tuesday . With Lionel Messi continually making his case to be regarded as the greatest player in history and coach Tito Vilanova having returned after cancer treatment in New York , knocking Barcelona out of the Champions League would be one of the biggest achievements for a club that has never been crowned the kings of Europe . "  Without doubt , they are one of the best teams ever , " said Beckham , who played for Barca 's great rivals Real Madrid between 2003 and 2007 . "  They 've got some of the best players individually and collectively , and I think that 's what makes them the team they are . It 's not about just Messi or Xavi ; they have a unit that works together so well . That 's why they 've been successful over the years . "  They 've got the best player in the world in their team  Messi  , they 've got committed players , and that 's what makes them a special team . "  It 's a huge test for us , a huge game for this club and for this city . " To date , the most important European trophy claimed by PSG is the now-defunct Cup Winners Cup , which the Parisians lifted in 1996 , but the club 's Qatari owners , who have spent heavily on Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Lucas Moura and Thiago Silva to name but a few , are hoping their massive injections of cash can change all that . "  Being part of a club that is looking to the future and looking to become a bigger success than they have in the last few years -- I wanted to be part of that , " said Beckham of his decision to join PSG , which has two solitary league titles  1986 , 1994  . And a man who has played at three World Cups for England has not ruled out adding to his 115 caps , a tally no other outfield player in the long history of the 1966 world champions can beat . "  One of the reasons why I 've never retired from the England team is because if there 's ever an opportunity to play for them again , then I 'm available , " he said . "  If there is any chance of me ever playing for my country again , I would never turn that down . "  I 'm almost 38 years old , so the chances are very slight , but you never know , " said a man approaching middle age but whose childhood dreams remain strong .	Beckham speaks of the sacrifice he suffers being in Paris while his family are in London PSG star calls Barca one of the best teams in history and rates Messi above Cristiano Ronaldo Former England captain speaks of his hopes of adding to his 115 international caps
New York  CNN  The men would sometimes say they needed to meet to exchange tickets , but they never seemed to end up actually attending or discussing a sporting event or a concert . They once talked about going to a movie . But that was it . The reason for the puzzling behavior , according to a federal complaint unsealed Monday , is that the men were Russian spies exchanging intelligence information in New York City . They used tickets and other everyday objects -- like books , umbrellas and hats -- as part of their code . When they did meet , on dozens of occasions between early 2012 and late 2014 , it was usually outdoors in order to lower the risk of surveillance . At the short meetings , one man would hand a bag , a magazine or a slip of paper to another . But the FBI was watching and listening to them . On Monday in New York , authorities arrested one of the men , who they say had been working as a covert agent for the Russian government . He was identified as Evgeny Buryakov , 39 , who posed as an employee in the New York City office of a Russian bank , according to the federal complaint . The man he met regularly for the handoffs was Igor Sporyshev , 40 , who worked as a trade representative for the Russian government in New York , the complaint says . A 27-year-old man serving as an attache to Russia 's mission at the United Nations , Victor Podobnyy , is also alleged to have been part of the conspiracy . All three men are accused of working for Russia 's foreign intelligence agency , the SVR . Sporyshev and Podobnyy , who no longer live in the United States and have n't been arrested , both had diplomatic immunity because of their jobs for the Russian government . But Buryakov , who entered the United States as a private citizen , was operating under what officials called "  non-official cover . " Agents like that , known as "  NOCs , " generally receive "  less scrutiny by the host government , and , in many cases , are never identified as intelligence agents by the host government , " a statement from U.S. law enforcement authorities said . "  As a result , a NOC is an extremely valuable intelligence asset for the SVR , " the statement said . Buryakov needed the other two men to get mesages to and from the communications systems kept in the SVR 's office in New York , according to authorities . As he was undercover , he could n't go near the office . The subjects about which the men were tasked with gathering intelligence are believed to have included possible U.S. sanctions on Russia and U.S. efforts to develop alternative energy resources . Sporyshev and Podobnyy also tried to recruit U.S. citizens as intelligence sources in New York , the complaint said . Their targets included people working for "  major companies " and "  young women with ties to a major university located in New York , " according to authorities . The FBI says in its complaint that its surveillance of the men heard them discussing various aspects of their work . In one conversation , Podobnyy is alleged to have talked about his technique for recruiting sources , which included "  cheating , promising favors , and then discarding the intelligence source once the relevant information was obtained by the SVR , " according to authorities . But in another discussion , he apparently complained to Sporyshev about how unexciting his everyday job was , saying it was "  not even close " to James Bond movies . "  Of course , I would n't fly helicopters , but pretend to be somebody else at a minimum , " he said . Sporyshev seemed to concur , lamenting , "  I also thought that at least I would go abroad with a different passport . " The two men also chatted about the 2010 unmasking of a Russian spy ring in the United States . In that case , 11 intelligence personnel , living and working in the U.S. as "  sleeper " agents , were arrested and later allowed to return to Moscow as part of a spy swap . According to the complaint , Podobnyy suggested those agents "  could n't do anything . " "  They studied some people , worked out some exits , but they did n't get any materials , " he said . The FBI investigation into Buryakov , Sporyshev and Podobnyy began "  within a few months " of the guilty pleas in the 2010 case , according to the FBI . A source working for the FBI met with Buryakov in the summer of 2014 , posing as a representative of a wealthy person wanting to invest in the casino business in Russia . Over the course of the meetings , Buryakov "  demonstrated his strong desire to obtain information about subjects far outside the scope of his work as a bank employee , " authorities said . He also accepted documents that the source claimed had come from a U.S. government agency and "  purportedly contained information potentially useful to Russia , including information about United States sanctions against Russia , " according to the U.S. law enforcement statement . Prosecutors announced charges Monday against Buryakov , Sporyshev and Podobnyy on two counts . The first is participating in a conspiracy for Buryakov to act in the United States as an agency of a foreign government without first notifying the Attorney General , which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison . In the second count , Buryakov is charged with acting in the United States as an agent of a foreign government without first notifying the Attorney General , while Sporyshev and Podobnyy are charged with aiding and abetting that offense . The maximum sentence for that count is 10 years imprisonment . The charges and Buryakov 's arrest "  make clear that -- more than two decades after the presumptive end of the Cold War -- Russian spies continue to seek to operate in our midst under cover of secrecy , " said U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara . A federal judge in Manhattan on Monday ordered that Buryakov be detained because he was considered to pose a flight risk , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . His federal public defender , Sabrina Shroff , spoke to The New York Times . She declined to comment on the charges other than to say that she had argued for bail because Buryakov was neither a flight risk nor a danger to the community , the newspaper reported . CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	The men discussed meeting to swap things like tickets , books and hats But they were actually exchanging intelligence information , the FBI says One man has been arrested , two others are no longer in the U.S. , authorities say
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Barack Obama 's inauguration marks a profound manifestation of the Rev. Martin Luther King 's dream , civil rights leaders say , but the movement would be foolish to drop its guard now . Christine King Farris sits next to a photo of her brother as she reads to kids to commemorate his birthday Thursday . King did not fight tirelessly and ultimately give his life so African-Americans could take office ; he fought for the disenfranchised and downtrodden , no matter their color , said Charles Steele , president and CEO of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , which King and Steele 's father helped found . "  President-elect Barack Obama is just a piece of the puzzle , " he said . "  This tells us that we are at a station , but it 's not our destination . We 've got to get back on the train . " Steele said he worries that those who espouse King 's dream may grow lackadaisical because an African-American has taken the reins of the free world . But it is imperative , he said , that they "  march now more than ever before . " Steele points to 1963 , when tens of thousands of protesters converged on Washington to demand equal rights . It was there King delivered his "  I Have a Dream " speech from the Lincoln Memorial steps . President Kennedy 's administration was considered the most receptive ever to the concerns of the civil rights movement , Steele said . But rather than sit back and hope Kennedy did the right thing , King and thousands stormed Washington to lay out demands that later would yield the Civil Rights Act and National Voting Rights Act . Those down for the cause today must do the same with Obama , Steele said . "  Back in the '60s we were fighting for President-elect Barack Obama ; we just did n't know it was him , " Steele said . "  It was civil rights , not politics , that got us to this position , and we ca n't forget that . " Andrew Young remembers pickets outside City Hall the day he took office as Atlanta 's second black mayor in 1982 . Young , a former King lieutenant , said he was initially confused when he noticed some of the protesters were his supporters . "  I said , ' I have n't changed . ' They said , ` Yes , you have . You 're in charge , ' " recalled Young , who also has been a U.S. congressman and U.N. ambassador . "  They were there reminding me I was the man . " Obama , too , needs to be reminded of the concerns of the African-American community , Young said , warning civil rights supporters not to assume Obama owes them something . "  He is one of the fruits of our labors , " Young said , "  and all he has to do is plant more seeds and grow more trees that bear more fruit . " Young 's words rang true with Kee-Shawn Smith , 19 , a sophomore at the historically black Clark Atlanta University . She said King and Obama have "  set the way " for African-Americans and it 's time to concentrate on race , the human one . "  America gives you that one thing -- opportunity , " she said . "  A lot of African-Americans have to realize we have the same opportunities as any other race , any other culture . ... People should take strides to do better than -LSB- Obama -RSB- . " Neither Obama 's election nor the King holiday represent that "  we just want African-Americans to have this . It 's more a global perspective , " said Jeffrey Harrell , 20 , a junior at Morehouse College , another historically black school . "  It 's about everybody . " Today , there are still immigrants and women fighting for rights , there are people who are hungry and others without homes , Harrell said . "  Until everyone is able to take part in what 's called the American dream , the struggle 's not done , " he said . Harrell also said he was struck by the timing of the inauguration , which falls the day after the King holiday , and he was n't alone in his belief that it was more than coincidental . "  It shows it 's supposed to be this way , " he said . His words struck a theme , as poet and author Maya Angelou called the timing "  amazing " and said it was as if "  someone in the outer sphere " planned it . The Rev. Joseph Lowery , a close friend of King 's who will deliver the benediction at Obama 's inauguration , said the timing of the two events "  reflects the mysticism of the movement . " Details : Is it coincidence or "  divine order " ? " Young chuckled upon hearing Lowery 's words relayed and added , "  I always say that coincidence is God 's way of remaining anonymous . ... I ca n't think of a nicer birthday present for Martin Luther King . " King 's only living sibling , Christine King Farris , told CNN that she , too , felt the timing was "  in divine order . " Watch Christine King Farris talk about her brother , Obama " King Farris spent part of Thursday morning , her brother 's birthday , reading to children at the national park bearing his namesake . She read tales about the shenanigans of a mischievous young King and his brother , Alfred Daniel -- M.L. and A.D. -- who once conspired to get out of music practice by loosening a leg on the piano stool . The prank sent the piano instructor crashing to the floor , King Farris recounted , to the giggles of elementary and preschool students . But she also spoke of her brother 's prophecy when he once told their mother , "  One day , I 'm going to turn this world upside down . " Farris said afterward it 's important that children understand that though King is portrayed as larger than life , he was once a child like them . It 's a necessary lesson in a nation that has struggled with the concept of "  equitable opportunity . " "  It 's going to take some time because it deals with attitudes and , really , the upbringing of children and young people to understand that although we are different in color , in hue and so forth , we are still together . We should be like brothers and sisters , " she said . Setting aside race and working together is paramount to the success of Obama 's presidency , Angelou said , and with each day it grows more vital . "  We needed President-elect Obama desperately , and he needs us , " she said . "  We need to be up and doing . ... What he needs are a lot of foot soldiers . He needs a lot of us going out trying to help , to allow him to become the president he 's come here to be . " CNN 's John Blake contributed to this report .	SCLC president says King supporters must "  march now more than ever before " Andrew Young : "  I ca n't think of a nicer birthday present for Martin Luther King " Maya Angelou : "  We needed President-elect Obama desperately , and he needs us " Martin Luther King Jr. 's sister spends his birthday teaching lesson to children
Washington  CNN  -- A narrowly passed committee measure that recommends the United States recognize the 1915 killings of ethnic Armenians in Ottoman Turkey as genocide will likely not get a full vote in the House of Representatives , according to a senior State Department official . The official said Friday that the State Department has an understanding with House leadership on the issue , and , "  We believe it will stop where it is . " The measure passed 23-22 in the House Foreign Affairs Committee on Thursday . In response , Turkey ordered its ambassador to the United States home for "  consultation , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Burak Ozugergin told CNN . The nearly century-old issue has placed both Congress and the White House in the middle of a political minefield , balancing moral considerations with both domestic and international concerns . The Obama administration had urged the House Foreign Affairs Committee not to pass the resolution , warning it could damage U.S.-Turkish relations and jeopardize efforts to normalize relations between Turkey and its neighbor Armenia . The two do not share formal diplomatic relations . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters Friday that "  the Obama administration strongly opposes the resolution that was passed by only one vote in the House committee , and we 'll work very hard to make sure it does not go to the House floor . " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters ahead of the vote that the United States was concerned about the impact the vote could potentially have on U.S.-Turkish relations . Turkey , among other things , is considered a strong American ally and is home to a critical U.S. air base . Armenia 's foreign minister , Edward Nalbandian , said his country highly appreciates the committee 's vote . "  This is another proof of the devotion of the American people to universal human values and is an important step toward the prevention of the crimes against humanity , " he said . The Armenian National Committee of America said the passage of the measure shows that "  Turkey does n't get a vote or a veto in the U.S. Congress . " Turkish officials vehemently oppose the measure . "  Turkey is saddened by the bill that has been accepted in the Foreign Affairs Committee today -LSB- Thursday -RSB- , " Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's Web site said . "  We condemn this bill that accuses the Turkish nation of a crime it has not committed . The people who support this bill have adopted a wrong and unfair attitude , ignoring the differences of opinion of expert historians and historical facts . The bill has been prepared with tangible historical mistakes regarding the 1915 incidents and with a completely subjective attitude , " the statement said . A Turkish Foreign Ministry spokesman recently issued a public warning that passage of a resolution labeling the World War I killings as genocide "  would harm U.S.-Turkish relations . " Turkish officials have also warned that passing the resolution could hurt a historic agreement aimed at normalizing relations between Turkey and Armenia , and efforts to reopen their long-closed border . "  It would harm the normalization process , " spokesman Ozugergin said . "  And it is wrong . The substance is also wrong . " Turkey officially denies a genocide took place in the last days of the crumbling Ottoman Empire . Ankara instead says that Muslim Turks and Christian Armenians massacred each other on the killing fields of World War I. Historians have extensively documented the Ottoman military 's forced death-march of hundreds of thousands of ethnic Armenians into the Syrian desert in 1915 . Every April 24 , Armenians worldwide observe a remembrance day for those killed . The killings decimated the Armenian population in what is modern-day eastern Turkey . The government in the Armenian capital of Yerevan and influential Armenian diaspora groups have been urging countries around the world to formally label the events of 1915 "  genocide . " "  I do n't pretend to be a professional historian , " Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Howard Berman , D-California , said ahead of Thursday 's vote . "  But the vast majority of experts ... agree that the tragic massacres of the Armenians constitute genocide . " Rep. Gary Ackerman , D-New York , acknowledged that Turkey is an "  important , strong -LSB- and -RSB- necessary ally of the United States . " But "  overriding all of that , " he said , "  is the issue of justice and the issue of history . ... History has to be righted . " Opponents of the resolution had expressed sympathy toward the victims of the 1915 killings , but said current political concerns took priority . Rep. Mike Pence , R-Indiana , praised the committee 's "  sincere effort " to illuminate "  a dark chapter in history , " but said the committee should not pass the measure . "  I do not minimize the horror that took place , " he said . But "  now is not the time for this committee of the American Congress to take up the measure that is now before us . " Turkey is a strategic partner of U.S. efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan , he said . Furthermore , the logistical support provided by the U.S. base in Incirlik , Turkey , is a "  staple " of American power in the Middle East , he asserted . "  In a time of war , " the United States should not "  take the relationship -LSB- with Turkey -RSB- for granted . " Rep. Gerry Connolly , D-Virginia , argued that Congress should not do anything to undermine the Turkish government , which is a "  secular alternative model for the Muslim world . " "  I hate this vote , " he said . "  The United States has a great deal at stake in the Turkish relationship . " Congress should n't "  pontificate on this issue " and then pretend "  there will be no consequences , " he warned . Last year , the foreign ministers of Turkey and Armenia signed a series of protocols aimed at establishing embassies in Ankara and Yerevan . The U.S. - , European - and Russian-backed agreement also called for the creation of an international committee of historians to examine archives and "  restore mutual confidence between the two nations . " In October 2009 , Armenia 's president traveled to Turkey to attend a historic soccer match between the two countries ' national teams . Despite this round of "  football diplomacy , " the diplomatic overture between the two capitals has slowed in recent months . A previous resolution recognizing the Armenian "  genocide " was approved by the House Foreign Affairs Committee In 2007 . The Turkish government protested by temporarily recalling its ambassador from Washington . The resolution did not make it to the House floor . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Elise Labott and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Measure : U.S. should recognize 1915 killings of Armenians in Turkey as genocide House committee passed the measure by one vote on Friday Move has strained relations with crucial ally , but is hailed by officials in Armenia "  We believe it will stop where it is , " senior State Dept. official says of measure
A surgeon infected with Ebola will be transported from Sierra Leone to The Nebraska Medical Center for treatment , a U.S. government official familiar with the situation said . The doctor , a Sierra Leone national and legal permanent resident of the United States , is expected to arrive this weekend , most likely Saturday , the official said . The official said it 's not known whether the doctor was working in an Ebola treatment unit or some other type of hospital . The surgeon is married to a U.S. citizen and has children , the official said . Sierra Leone has seen more than 5,300 cases of Ebola and more than 1,100 deaths in this year 's outbreak of the deadly virus , according to figures from the World Health Organization . The Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha is one of four hospitals in the United States that have biocontainment units and years of preparation in handling highly infectious disease such as Ebola . In a statement Thursday night , a spokesman said the hospital is still awaiting official confirmation about whether it will treat another Ebola patient . First , hospital spokesman Taylor Wilson said , air ambulance crew members will evaluate the patient when they arrive in Sierra Leone . "  The members of the crew will determine whether the patient is stable enough for transport -- if he is , he would arrive in Omaha sometime Saturday afternoon , " Wilson said in a written statement . "  We will update you on the status of this patient as more information becomes available . " Doctors at The Nebraska Medical Center have already treated two American Ebola patients . Dr. Rick Sacra was treated at the hospital and released in September . Ashoka Mukpo , a freelance cameraman who worked for NBC , was treated there and released last month . Sacra and Mukpo contracted the virus in Liberia and were later flown to the United States for treatment . So far , the limited number of Ebola cases treated in the United States have shown a higher survival rate than cases treated in West Africa . A number of factors could impact the latest patient 's treatment , CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta told "  AC360 . " "  We do n't know how sick he is , " Gupta said . "  We do n't know what stage of the disease he is  in  . " Sierra Leone : In the eye of the Ebola storm	Air ambulance crew to evaluate patient 's health before transport Official : A new Ebola patient will be transported to the United States from Sierra Leone The patient , a surgeon who 's a Sierra Leone national , will be treated in Nebraska The surgeon is a legal permanent resident of the U.S. and married to a citizen
CNN  -- While New York police sort out the brawl that left Chris Brown with a nasty cut on his chin early Thursday , the media is left with conflicting details that are mostly be attributed to unnamed sources . It was a "  brutal attack " that injured Brown , his model girlfriend Karrueche Tran and his bodyguard , Brown rep Jeff Raymond said . "  Chris and his party are cooperating with New York authorities who are pursuing this incident further . " Brown and others in his group have been interviewed by New York police , Brown 's spokesman said . A New York Police spokesman confirmed the department was investigating the incident . Brown was partying with friends in the VIP section of the South Village club W.i.P. , while the rapper Drake and his friends were nearby , according to statements reps for both artists . Some online reports said the incident began when Drake and Brown argued over Brown 's ex-girlfriend Rihanna , whom Brown was convicted of assaulting three years ago . But the confrontation was not about Rihanna , a source close to Brown told CNN . The same source would not confirm if Drake , who has dated Rihanna , was involved . While Drake 's rep confirmed the rapper was there , he said "  Drake did not participate in any wrongdoing of any kind last night at W.i.P. " "  He was on his way out of the club when the altercation began , " Drake 's rep told CNN . "  He did not engage in any activity which resulted in injury to person or damage to property . " The source close to Brown described Brown and his party as victims who were enjoying themselves until they were confronted by "  the other party . " They wanted no part of the confrontation and were trying to leave when they were brutally attacked , the source said . Brown 's spokesman disputed one online report that someone in Brown 's group escalated the confrontation by taunting Drake . "  No one in Chris ' camp was inciting the other party , " he said . Brown posted a photo of his injury -- which appeared to be a half-inch gash on the left corner of his chin -- on his Instagram account . Rihanna on Chris Brown : I 'm going to do what I want Meek Mill , another rapper named in the online reports , also distanced himself from the brawl . While Mill 's rep declined comment to CNN , the artist tweeted "  It was n't me . " Brown , in a tweet of his own Thursday afternoon , appeared to support Meek Mill 's claim . "  Me and @MeekMill ai n't on that bulls ** t. Real respect Real ... " Brown is on probation for another two years , until 2014 , the result of his guilty plea to assaulting Rihanna on the eve of the 2009 Grammy Awards . Mark Geragos , the same lawyer who defended Brown in that case , is in New York representing Brown in this incident , the spokesman said . "  Chris is only being viewed as a victim , based on injuries sustained to him , his girlfriend , his friends and his security , " the spokesman said . "  He is not being viewed as a witness , and certainly not as a suspect . " Previously on CNN : Stars react to Chris Brown , Rihanna CNN 's Denise Quan and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Chris Brown wanted no part of the confrontation , a source close to the singer says Brown and his friends were trying to leave when they were brutally attacked , the source says Drake "  was on his way out of the club when the altercation began , " his rep says "  No one in Chris ' camp was inciting the other party , " Brown 's spokesman says
CNN  -- An upstate New York mother is accused of hiring strippers for her son 's 16th birthday party late last year , according to the Saratoga County District Attorney . Judy Viger , 33 , of Gansevoort is charged with five counts of endangering the welfare of a child , District Attorney James Murphy said in a statement . The parents of five teens who attended the party reported the presence of strippers to police . The complaining parents found out that the strippers had been at the November 3 bowling party through photos posted on Facebook . The parents took the pictures to the South Glens Falls police , who then started taking witness statements , the district attorney 's statement says . One of the photos distributed by the district attorney 's office shows Viger receiving a lap dance from one of the hired dancers ; another picture shows a young male with another nearly nude dancer on top of him with her legs around his head . "  As difficult as it may be for us to have to weigh in on these kinds of cases , certainly exposing the unsuspecting children to this sort of ` entertainment ' goes beyond the pale when it comes to what is appropriate for 14 , 15 and 16 year old child , " Murphy said in the statement . CNN affiliate WRGB visited the Viger home and encountered a man who said the family "  was not making statements at this time . " CNN 's calls to Viger , her attorney and the adult entertainment company that provided the dancers were not immediately returned .	Albany-area woman is accused of hiring strippers for her son 's 16th birthday Judy Viger , 33 , is charged with five counts of endangering the welfare of a child Photos posted on Facebook alerted the parents of teens who attended
CNN  -- Everton hit back from going a goal behind to earn a 1-1 home draw with Birmingham City , a result that lifts the visitors out of the bottom three of the Premier League table . English League Cup winners Birmingham came into the match third from bottom and they took a vital lead in the 17th minute . Jean Beausejour was on target with a close-range header after out-jumping defender Tony Hibbert from a Jordon Mutch cross -- the Chilean 's second goal in as many matches . But Everton levelled just before half-time when Dutchman John Heitinga curled a superb shot into the top corner , after Birmingham failed to clear Leon Osman 's corner . Everton enjoyed the majority of possession and chances after the break . Louis Saha 's shot was stopped by Mutch 's brave block while Birmingham goalkeeper Ben Foster saved well from Jermaine Beckford 's close-range strike . The result means Everton move up a place to ninth in the table , while the point sees Birmingham rise above West Ham on goal difference to 17th place .	Everton hit back from going a goal behind to earn a 1-1 draw with Birmingham John Heitinga levels with a superb strike after Jean Beausejour put Birmingham ahead The result lifts Birmingham out of the bottom three into 17th in Premier League
CNN  -- Voter registration begins in Sudan on Monday for a January referendum that would allow the country 's autonomous southern region -- which holds a majority of the nation 's oil -- to secede from the north . A United Nations panel has arrived in the East African nation to monitor the 17-day registration effort , which will take place at 3,000 sites across the country and in eight countries abroad , the U.N. said . "  We know that organizing voter registration has not been easy , given the country 's size and the scale of the process , but we remain confident that it can be completed successfully , " Benjamin Mkapa , chairman of the U.N. panel and a former president of Tanzania , said in a statement Sunday . The referendum is part of a 2005 peace agreement , which ended the two-decade conflict that led to the deaths of 2 million people in Sudan . It is considered a possible make-or-break event for the peace accord . And the vote also could be a key factor as U.S. officials weigh whether to remove Sudan from its list of state sponsors of terrorism . Earlier this month , the Obama administration told Sudanese officials that the U.S. would drop the country from the list in mid-2011 if President Omar al-Bashir 's government recognizes the results of the secession referendum , senior State Department officials said . Observers fear all-out war between the Khartoum-controlled north and southern Sudan if the government is perceived to have undermined the voting or refuses to accept the result . Darfur , in western Sudan , has been beset by conflict since 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government . To counter the rebels , Arab militias with ties to the Sudanese government went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents there , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength . The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur , and 2.5 million have fled their homes . Sudan denies the death toll is that high . A recent renewal of violence between the Sudanese government and armed movements has sparked concern among U.N. peacekeepers , said Ibrahim Gambari , who heads the United Nations-African Union peacekeeping force in Darfur . "  I call upon all parties to refrain from further offensive military action and respect international humanitarian law , " Gambari told reporters Sunday , according to a statement released by the U.N. CNN 's Yousuf Basil and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	A U.N. panel is monitoring the 17-day registration effort The referendum is part of a 2005 peace agreement It is also a key factor as U.S. offcials weigh removing Sudan from its list of terrorism sponsors Some fear a war could break out if the government refuses to accept the referendum result
CNN  -- A major missing piece threatens to hold up a security deal between Afghanistan and the United States : President Hamid Karzai 's signature . The Afghan President told U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice Monday that he is n't ready to approve the Bilateral Security Agreement yet and "  outlined new conditions for signing the agreement , " according to a statement released by the White House . Rice told Karzai that delaying the deal -- which would allow for the presence of a limited number of U.S. troops beyond next year -- until after Afghanistan 's 2014 elections "  is not viable , " the White House said . "  It would not provide the United States and NATO allies the clarity necessary to plan for a potential post-2014 military presence , " the statement said . "  Nor would it provide Afghans with the certainty they deserve regarding their future , in the critical months preceding elections . " So what happens if Karzai does n't sign it soon ? U.S. and NATO troops could pull out of Afghanistan earlier than expected . "  The U.S. would have no choice but to initiate planning for a post-2014 future in which there would be no U.S. or NATO troop presence in Afghanistan , " the White House said . On Sunday a vast majority of 2,500 Afghan elders voted to recommend the joint security agreement with the United States and urged Karzai to sign it before the end of the year . Karzai had said he would follow their recommendation under one condition -- that U.S. forces do not conduct house raids . "  If U.S. military forces conduct military operations on Afghan homes even one more time , then there will be no BSA and we wo n't sign it , " Karzai said on Sunday . "  They should give assurance about this to us before I sign it . " But then he moved the goal posts , refusing to sign until after the presidential election next spring . His last-minute decision to delay signing the pact was both classic Karzai -- a tricky negotiator to the last -- and a breakaway move that provides political cover for any U.S. officials who prefer the so-called zero option of leaving no U.S. troops in Afghanistan . It 's a decision that could also have political implications for Karzai in Afghanistan , shoring up his anti-American credentials ahead of next year 's presidential election . Karzai himself can not stand again for president under the current constitution , but he remains highly influential in Afghan politics , whose entire cast he has helped shape since the U.S. invasion in 2001 . Abdullah Abdullah , who ran against Karzai in 2009 before dropping out of the race amid allegations of election fraud , told CNN 's "  Amanpour " on Monday that political motivations are clouding Karzai 's approach . "  These negotiations between Afghanistan and the United States are being delayed not because of the content of the Bilateral Security Agreement , " Abdullah said , "  but primarily because of the personal feelings or personal interests of President Karzai . " CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Christiane Amanpour and Masoud Popolzai contributed to this report .	President Hamid Karzai says he wo n't sign a security deal until after elections That 's "  not viable , " U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice says The delay could mean U.S. troops pull out of Afghanistan earlier than expected
Mashable  -- UPDATE We 've just heard from the NHL , who tell us : "  The NHL is not in discussions with YouTube to stream live games . The NHL has not had conversations with the Google spokespeople mentioned in the Bloomberg report . " YouTube may be a hot bed for lip dub videos and life-casting teens , but soon sports fans could find a good reason to flock to the site : YouTube is reportedly in talks with the National Basketball Association and the National Hockey League to broadcast games live . Last year , YouTube announced that it would begin live-streaming Indian Premier League cricket matches , a venture that was apparently very successful . According to Business Week , the games brought in 55 million visits from more than 250 countries . Gautam Anand , Google 's director of content partnerships for Asia Pacific , recently said that YouTube plans to show more live sports , but declined to elaborate on the particulars of talks with the NBA and NHL . Google is apparently also talking with other pro sports leagues , as well as soccer leagues in Europe . "  It 's fair to say that there will be a lot more appealing sports content you 'll see on YouTube , " Anand said . "  We have ongoing conversations with pretty much everyone . " By offering such content , YouTube and Google can boost their ad revenue , seeing as how viewers would be spending more time on the site . Lately , we 've been seeing YouTube seemingly getting more serious about being an entertainment hub , rather than a forum for cat videos . Just the other week , it was rumored that YouTube CEO Salar Kamangar will be building out the site 's recently instated talent program  last July , the video-sharing site announced its YouTube Partner Grants Program to ramp up quality content  by offering big-name stars their own YouTube channels . In addition , parent company Google recently acquired Widevine , an on-demand video service known for its multiplatform DRM and adaptive streaming technologies , and the web has been buzzing for months about the possibility of it acquiring web video production company , New Next Networks . What do you think of the prospect of watching live games on YouTube ? Would you tune in ?  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	YouTube reportedly in talks with NBA and NHL to broadcast games live Last year , YouTube began live-streaming Indian Premier League cricket matches Google is apparently also talking with other pro sports leagues
CNN  -- Redoine Faid fashioned himself as a modern-day gangster . He thought big -- getting inspiration from the movies , as when he wore a hockey mask like Robert DeNiro 's character in "  Heat " -- and acted audaciously , attacking armored trucks among other targets . After more than a decade in prison , though , the Frenchman insisted he 'd sworn off his wicked ways . This promise did n't last for long , according to French authorities . In 2011 , a year after his autobiography came out , Faid landed back behind bars . Now , he is once again free -- and , once again , the subject of an international manhunt after his brazen escape from prison . Faid held five people , including four guards , at gunpoint at a detention center in the northern city of Lille on Saturday , officials said . He then burst his way to freedom , detonating explosives to destroy five doors , penitentiary union spokesman Etienne Dobrometz told CNN affiliate BFMTV . Where he is now is anyone 's guess . French Justice Minister Christiane Taubira told reporters on Saturday that a European arrest warrant covering 26 countries has been issued , and that Interpol is working to track him down as well . One person not surprised by Faid 's breakout is his lawyer , Jean-Louis Pelletier . In a few days , Pelletier had planned to meet his client in preparation of an upcoming trial tied to a May 2010 attack in Villiers-sur-Marne , east of Paris , that left a 26-year-old policewoman dead . "  He is remarkably intelligent , and he is using his intellect to serve his ambitions , " Pelletier told BFMTV . "  And Faid  can not stand being imprisoned anymore . " Questions raised about prison 's security In his 2010 autobiography , "  Robber : From Suburbs to Organized Crime , " Faid chronicled his progression from a petty thief to one of France 's most notorious criminals , according to the book 's publisher , La Manufacture De Livres . In 1998 , after three years on the run during which he fled to Switzerland , Faid was finally caught . Sentenced to 20 years , he ended up spending more than 10 years in high-security prisons around France . After getting out , Faid put himself out there -- not only with his book , but as the subject of numerous interviews . The high-adrenaline life of crime he described resembled that of another famous French gangster , Jacques Mesrine . The country 's most wanted man in the 1970s , Mesrine made his name as a charismatic , press-courting criminal known for his daring bank heists and spectacular prison breaks . Mesrine 's story ended in 1979 , when he was gunned down by police on the streets of Paris . Faid 's prison escape Saturday evokes some of that brand of criminal bravado . But it also raises a number of questions : How did an inmate gets guns and explosives ? How did he manage to use those to force his way out ? And , after all that , why is he still at large ? The four guards who Faid allegedly held hostage "  are safe and sound , " said Lille prosecutor Frederic Fevre . Still , officials from the prison guards ' union pressed Taubira to provide better safety measures inside prisons , including more thorough searches of those who enter , BFMTV reported . Built in 2005 , the Lille-Sequedin penitentiary from which Faid escaped is not old , but it 's not well designed to keep watch of prisoners , said Jimmy Delliste , a former associate director there . "  The construction ... makes it particularly difficult to manage detainees , who are particularly difficult to watch , " Delliste told BFMTV .	Redoine Faid was a wanted criminal in the '90s known for attacking armored trucks He spent more than 10 years in prison , insisted he 'd changed , then was arrested again Faid held guards at gunpoint and used explosives to burst through a prison 's doors Law enforcement in France and elsewhere in Europe are now hunting for him
CNN  -- Today we can tell the remarkable story of Shazia Ramzan , a 15-year-old Pakistani schoolgirl . Last October Shazia was travelling home from school with her friend Malala Yousafzai when a Taliban gunman boarded their bus and shot both of them . Malala suffered head and facial injuries and had to be rushed to hospital in the UK . Shot in the neck and arm , Shazia spent a month in hospital while her deep wounds healed . Both were attacked by terrorists who wanted to stop girls going to school . Shazia dreams of being a doctor . Fighting back from her injuries , she attempted to resume her schooling at home in the Swat Valley . So keen was she to return to school at the earliest opportunity that she ignored continuing threats to her life from the same Taliban terrorists who shot her and Malala . For months she has had to be escorted to school each day by two armed guards . Her home has had to be protected by police . Sadly , the more that Shazia spoke up , the more the threats escalated , making it difficult for her and her family to remain secure . And in the past few weeks violence has escalated across Pakistan . A female teacher was gunned down in front of her young son as she drove into her all girls ' schools . A school principal was killed and his pupils severely injured when a bomb was thrown into a school playground in an all-girls school in Karachi just as a prize giving ceremony began . Only ten days ago , in a massacre which will long be remembered as the single worst terrorist assault on girls ' education in recent years , the bus in which 40 female students were travelling from their all-girls college campus in Quetta was blown up by a suicide bomber . 14 girls were killed . So violent was the terrorist attack that another group followed the injured girls to hospital and opened fire on them again . Despite the public revulsion against the violence , the attacks have continued . Only this weekend two schools were blown up , while another two girls were murdered for posting a video in which they were filmed dancing in the rain . It is because of events like these that , with her family 's support , Shazia feels forced to leave the country if she is to have the education she needs . Tomorrow she will resume her schooling in the UK after being flown over to Birmingham last weekend and reunited with her lifelong friend Malala . I first spoke to Shazia last November , a month after the attempted assassination . She told me then of her determination to persevere and to speak up for a girl 's right to education . She called education the light that brightens up girls ' lives . And when I met her off the plane from Islamabad on Saturday night , she told me that she wanted every girl to have the chance of an education . Her dream , she said , was to build schools so that every out-of-school girl could develop their talents and fulfil their potential . According to UNESCO , 700,000 school-age children in Malala and Shazia 's home province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa  KPK  are not at school today - and 600,000 are girls . They are some of the 32 million girls worldwide denied a place at school . In total , 500 million girls of school age will never complete their education . This makes the battle for education for every girl the civil rights struggle of our generation . And until we provide both the resources and security for girls to travel to school and feel safe from the Taliban , then many of Pakistan 's schools will remain closed . The biggest force for change today is the courage of Malala and now Shazia and girls like them , who are no longer prepared to acquiesce in their subjugation . It is their courage that we will celebrate when at the United Nations on July 12th , the day of Malala 's sixteenth birthday , we will hold Malala Day . A youth resolution will be passed demanding that world leaders provide the resources to get every child to school . Now with a new petition launched by Malala on A World at School , young people themselves from around the world are becoming more vociferous in fighting for their right to education than the adults who for centuries have been charged with delivering it . Go not just to Pakistan , where I met many of the million-strong Malala demonstrators demanding a girl 's right to school . Travel to Bangladesh and you 'll find girls who have created ` child marriage free zones ' , preventing themselves being kept from school in a loveless marriage they did not choose . Visit Nepal , where girls are fighting child slavery with the Common Forum for Kalmal Hari Freedom . Attend the marches in India led by child labourers , demanding not just an end to this form of slavery , but the delivery of their right to learn . PHOTOS : Malala 's journey from near death to recovery We saw how in the wake of the attack on Malala and Shazia , over three million people -- including a million out-of-school Pakistani children -- signed petitions calling for children to be able to go to school . This powerful movement is supported by international campaigns such as Plan 's Because I am a Girl and Girls not Brides , started by Nelson Mandela 's The Elders group . As we shift from the 20th century movement of women 's emancipation to the 21st century campaign for women 's empowerment , girls sense that the future is theirs . And it is this new liberation movement , led by girls , that we will celebrate in ten days ' time when Malala addresses the United Nations . November 2012 : Malala spurs school-for-all vow , now deliver October 2012 : Millions of children face Malala 's fight for an education	Shazia Ramzan , 15 , was shot by the Taliban in Pakistan , alongside Malala Yousafzai Concerned for her safety in a country plagued with violence , her family supported her move to Birmingham On July 12 , the day of Malala 's sixteenth birthday , the United Nations will hold Malala Day A youth resolution will be passed demanding world leaders to ensure every child goes to school
Conakry , Guinea  CNN  -- Both candidates contending in Guinea 's much-delayed runoff presidential elections called for calm from their supporters and traded accusations over the weekend after the runoff was postponed for the fourth time . The West African nation 's election was due on Sunday but was delayed indefinitely on Friday for technical reasons by new electoral commission head Gen. Siaka Toumani Sangare , a Malian national . Fighting between supporters of the rival candidates Cellou Dalein Diallo and Alpha Conde continued on Friday night and Saturday morning after Diallo 's supporters claimed they were attacked by Conde 's RPG supporters and Conde 's supporters said they were sold poisoned water and yogurt at a large rally in the capital Friday afternoon . Both candidates called news conferences Saturday to give their side of the story and call their activists to calm . Two people were killed on Tuesday and dozens injured in clashes between supporters of Diallo 's UFDG and police . Senior party members also said that one of its supporters was killed and another left in a coma after violence between UFDG and RPG loyalists on Thursday . That violence continued into the weekend , and there were reports of security forces firing at civilians and raping at least one girl in Conakry 's impoverished suburbs . Experts and political leaders are worried about the prospect of ethnic polarization , as support for both parties is divided along ethnic lines . The two largest ethnic groups , Peul and Malink form the principle bases of support for Diallo 's UFDG party and Conde 's RPG party respectively . "  What worries us is the excessive tribalization of the debate and the violence , " Diallo said to reporters on Saturday . Diallo 's party also sees the Guinean state as biased against their party and complicit in the recent violence that has engulfed the capital . "  We need to be extremely careful because our country runs a big risk when politicians at the highest levels act they way they are acting today , " Faya Minimono , a senior official of Diallo 's UFDG party said Saturday . The U.N. Office for the High Commissioner for Human Rights released a statement Friday condemning what it saw as "  excessive force " and ethnic-based violence carried out by Guinea security forces during the week . "  Some members of the security forces appear to be making threats , and even carrying out assaults , based on people 's ethnicity or political affiliation , " the report said . Guinea , a former French colony , has never had a free and fair presidential election in its 52-year history . A military junta has ruled the country since taking power in a coup after the death of longtime autocrat Lansana Conte in December 2008 .	Presidential runoff election in Guinea delayed indefinitely Both candidates call for calm West African national has never had a free , fair presidential election
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  A year ago Friday , violence in Kiev 's Maidan , or Independence Square , reached a crescendo . Some 49 people died and close to 100 more suffered gunshot wounds in what was the bloodiest day of violence in demonstrations against the country 's then Russian-leaning leader . Soon enough , however , President Viktor Yanukovych would flee the country , prompting Ukrainian activists to declare "  victory in the Maidan " and promise a new day for a country long torn between its neighbors , Europe to the west and Russia to the east . How things have changed . Today , the country is a powder keg driving spiraling tensions between the West and Moscow . A ceasefire between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists is in shambles . Debaltseve , a town at the heart of the battle , is devastated . "  Now , it is finally clear that we struggled on Maidan not against Yanukovych . He was just a cruel and obedient marionette , " President Petro Poroshenko said Friday at a ceremony marking the one-year anniversary of the bloodshed . "  Moscow was preparing to the liquidation and tearing Ukraine apart long before the victory of Maidan . They were expecting the fall of Yanukovych and accelerated the course of events , " Poroshenko said to the families of protesters who died a year ago . Poroshenko 's speech was just part of a day of commemorations at the Kiev square . The ceremony was to feature music , poetry , the lighting of candles and finally a concert Friday evening . The President was to present awards to the families of activists who died . According to Ukrainian prosecutors , 77 people died during the 2014 protests , which were sparked by Yanukovych 's decision to scrap a trade deal with the European Union and instead turn toward Russia . Forty-nine of those deaths came on February 20 , 2014 , when , according to protesters , government snipers opened fire on them . The street protests , which led to the ouster of pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych , triggered a chain of events that never could have been predicted . By March , Russia had annexed Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula . Weeks later , in April , pro-Russian separatist forces launched their bid to carve off the more Russian-leaning eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions from the rest of Ukraine . Months of devastating fighting since have left nearly 5,700 people dead as of February 18 , the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights reported Friday . More than 1 million people have been displaced , the United Nations says . Efforts to stop the fighting have met with limited success . The latest ceasefire agreement -- hammered out last week in Minsk , Belarus , among the leaders of Ukraine , Russia , France and Germany -- has faltered amid the bloody battle for Debaltseve . Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council said there had been 300 instances of violation of the ceasefire since it came into force Sunday . Heavy shelling , apparently from both sides , was heard Thursday night in Donetsk , although it appeared to have eased Friday morning . A separatist news agency said one woman died in the barrage . Despite the spasms of violence , German Chancellor Angela Merkel insisted that the Minsk deal was still the best chance for peace . "  It is difficult , it is slow and we had no illusions at all ... that it might not be all that easy and self-fulfilling , " she said , speaking alongside French President Franois Hollande at a news conference in Paris . "  But I still believe that it is right that we do everything we can to make sure that no further lives are lost . " Western leaders have steadfastly accused Russia of failing to rein in separatists and of continuing to arm , supply and train them . European nations , the United States and others have imposed sanctions on Russian interests in hopes of applying pressure on Vladimir Putin to help end the hostilities . Russia denies claims by Kiev and the West that it has armed and equipped the rebels and sent Russian troops to fight with them . Merkel did not rule out potential for further sanctions on Moscow . But the aim of meeting in Minsk was to find a solution , not impose sanctions , she said . Merkel and Poroshenko spoke by phone Friday morning , and the German leader assured her Ukrainian counterpart of her support . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which has observers on the ground tasked with monitoring the implementation of the ceasefire , has voiced concern about the lack of safe access to Debaltseve , which it blames on the separatists . A European diplomat told CNN that the OSCE mission is considering moving two of its four operational drones , currently stationed in Mariupol , to areas closer to Debaltseve since they have been unable to enter the town . A strongly worded report issued by a committee of the UK House of Lords said the European Union had underestimated the level of Russian animosity over moves to build closer EU-Ukraine ties and had been slow to "  adapt to the realities of the Russia we have today . " "  Russia is increasingly defining itself as separate from , and as a rival to , the EU , " the report by the Lords ' European Union Committee said . "  The EU 's relationship with Russia has for too long been based on the optimistic premise that Russia has been on a trajectory towards becoming a democratic ` European ' country . This has not been the case . " The report is also highly critical of the way in which competing national interests within the EU made it hard to achieve a united policy on Russia . If no progress is made in resolving the crisis , the EU should use sanctions to target people close to Putin , rather than mid-ranking officials in Crimea , the report said . It should also consider extending sanctions to the Russian financial sector . Meanwhile , as politicians talk , Ukraine 's civilians are bearing the brunt of the conflict . In addition to the death and destruction , the United Nations says many Ukrainians have exhausted their savings and have no access to jobs or health care . Food prices have risen dramatically in the country 's war-torn east -- 30 % for staples such as bread and milk and 75 % to 80 % for meat and cheese , compared with last year . The United Nations said its agencies had taken advantage of the ceasefire to deliver 62 metric tons of humanitarian aid to the Donetsk region on Thursday , including winter clothes , blankets , drinking water and medical supplies . The U.N. World Food Programme announced that it would increase its assistance to more than 110,000 people , over the next few months . But the agency said it would need $ 9 million to continue to provide aid through June . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Kiev , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Radina Gigova , Laura Perez Maestro and Michael Holmes contributed to this report .	Moscow planned move against Ukraine before protests , Ukraine 's President says German leader says implementing a ceasefire is not easy but is still the best chance for peace Continued violence mars a ceasefire deal intended to end the conflict
CNN  -- A man who is accused of trying to board an Air Jamaica flight at Orlando International Airport with apparent bomb-making materials was taken into custody Tuesday . Witnesses say the man arrested Tuesday was "  rocking left and right and up and down . " Officials said Kevin Brown , a Jamaican national , was acting strangely and caught the attention of an air safety officer at the Florida airport . Brown was arrested on charges of carrying a weapon or explosives onto a plane , according to the FBI . The bureau said Brown , who is in his early 30s , had baggage that concealed two galvanized pipes , end caps , two containers of BBs , batteries , two containers with an unknown liquid , a laptop and bomb-making literature . "  He looked rather crazy , " a passenger told CNN affiliate WKMG . "  He was rocking left and right and up and down . " Transportation Safety Administration officials said Brown caught the eye of a "  behavior identification officer " about noon Tuesday as Brown approached a ticket counter for his planned flight to Jamaica . Lee Kair , the TSA 's federal security director in Orlando , said the materials in his bags posed no danger to other travelers . Initial record checks indicate that Brown was in the United States legally , the FBI said . The FBI and the Orlando Police Department are investigating , Kair said . Airport officials say several ticket counters were shut down during the incident and 11 flights were delayed . Airport spokeswoman Carolyn Fennell said Air Jamaica , Air Canada , West Jet and Frontier flights were among those delayed . "  Things are slowly returning to normal , " Fennell said , adding that the terminal where Brown was apprehended was operating normally by 3 p.m. Kair said that behavior identification officers like the one who spotted Brown are plain-clothes officers trained to watch for suspicious behavior at airports . "  When people are doing things that are deceptive , they exhibit behaviors that are involuntary , " he said . "  Our officers are very well trained to identify these behaviors . " Brown is scheduled for an initial appearance in federal court in Orlando on Wednesday . E-mail to a friend	NEW : FBI : Kevin Brown accused of carrying a weapon or explosives onto a plane The Jamaican national tried to board an Air Jamaica flight at Orlando airport Official says suspicious items posed no immediate danger to other travelers Some ticket counters were shut down , and 11 flights were delayed
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles is known as the nation 's capital of many things . Entertainment . Gangs . Even the creative capital of the world . Add this : The City of Angels is now the nation 's "  epicenter " for money laundering by international drug cartels . Federal officials made such an announcement this week after they raided downtown businesses and seized an estimated $ 100 million in cash and from bank accounts around the world that were part of forfeiture actions in the ongoing probe . Some of the laundered money included ransom payments to the Sinaloa drug cartel that allegedly kidnapped and tortured a U.S. citizen at a ranch in Mexico . "  Los Angeles has become the epicenter of narco-dollar money laundering with couriers regularly bringing duffel bags and suitcases full of cash to many businesses , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert E. Dugdale said . California Attorney General Kamala Harris also was blunt . "  California is the gateway to the rest of the United States , " Harris said . "  California is and always will be an attractive target for these kinds of activities because we have the largest population of any state in the United States . The seventh-largest economy in the world . " Use of peso brokers The cartels used a scheme known as "  trade-based money laundering " or "  black market peso exchange , " federal officials said . On Wednesday , 1,000 law officers swept through a section of downtown Los Angeles known as the "  fashion district , " which is known more for its dense bazaar-like maze of shops than for any catwalks or haute couture . Authorities initially seized $ 65 million , but the figure grew Thursday to more than $ 100 million , said Thom Mrozek , a spokesman for federal prosecutors . In the "  Operation Fashion Police " raids , nine people were arrested in the investigation into laundering drug proceeds for cartels , authorities said . Three of the arrests were among seven individuals facing federal indictments for alleged conspiracy to launder money and other charges ; the other three defendants are from a business in the Mexican state of Sinaloa and are being sought , authorities said . The defendants ' attorneys could n't be reached for comment . "  We have targeted money-laundering activities in the fashion district based on a wealth of information that numerous businesses there are engaged in black market peso exchange schemes , " Dugdale said . Kent Smith , executive director of the LA Fashion District , told the Los Angeles Times that 4,000 businesses generate billions in economic activity each year . "  It 's unfair to paint the rest of the legitimate businesses ... with what a small number of businesses may be doing in terms of illegal activity , " Smith told the Times . An $ 18 billion sector of downtown Authorities also say the "  vast majority " of L.A. 's $ 18 billion garment district is legitimate and operates lawfully . But the federal crackdown clearly "  portend  s  a profoundly troubling trend , " said Claude Arnold , special agent in charge of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 's Homeland Security Investigations unit in Los Angeles . "  The scope of this current case and its potential long-term impact are truly unprecedented , " Arnold said . A major tipoff to the illegal activity came when the Sinaloa drug cartel used a fashion district firm as a conduit to launder and accept ransom for the release of a U.S. drug dealer who was kidnapped and tortured by narco thugs . "  The victim was held captive at a ranch in Sinaloa , where he was beaten , shot , electrocuted and water-boarded . The hostage was released after relatives paid $ 140,000 in ransom " through the fashion district business , authorities said in a statement . The raids capped a two-year investigation , and Attorney General Harris called "  transnational gangs " like those behind money laundering "  the number one threat to California 's public safety . " How it worked Under the scheme , a peso broker would work with a U.S.-based drug dealer or another conspirator who needs to send dollars to Mexico or another country , authorities said . To do so , the broker would find businesses in Mexico that buy goods from U.S.-based firms such as those in the Los Angeles ' fashion district . The Mexican merchants would send dollars to the Los Angeles fashion district stores , authorities said . In return , the fashion shops sent goods to the Mexico businesses , which then sold the products and gave the proceeds in pesos to the broker and eventually the cartels , authorities said . Cartels allegedly use the scheme to avoid "  the risk of smuggling bulk amounts of U.S. currency across the Mexican border and without having to convert and wire the U.S. currency through established financial institutions , which not only carries transaction fees , but also a threat their illegal activity will be detected , " prosecutors said in a statement . "  It also gives them a presence in the United States they otherwise would n't have , indeed a presence in our business industry , " Dugdale said . Also , in June 2010 , Mexico announced anti-money laundering regulations "  that restrict the amount of physical cash denominated in U.S. dollars that Mexican banks may receive , " a grand jury indictment said . U.S. declares victory over Cali cartel Notorious Mexican cartel leader Nazario Moreno dead -- again	Authorities seize more than $ 100 million in raids of downtown Los Angeles shops The business are located in the city 's bazaar-like fashion district International drug cartels allegedly use a "  trade-based money laundering " scheme Couriers brought "  duffel bags and suitcases full of cash to many businesses , " feds say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Japanese films dominated the 2009 Asian Film Awards , as Kiyoshi Kurosawa won Best Film and Best Screenwriter for "  Tokyo Sonata . " Japanese director Kiyoshi Kurosawa , who won Best Film and Best Screenwriter for "  Tokyo Sonata " at the Asia Film Awards . After winning the Oscar for Best Foreign Film earlier this year , the Japanese hit "  Departures " clinched a Best Actor award for Masahiro Motoki for his role as cellist turned mortuary embalmer . Meanwhile Japan 's Hirokazu Koreeda won Best Director for "  Still Walking . " "  Tokyo Sonata , " the emotional story of a contemporary Japanese family beat out the night 's top contender , "  The Good , the Bad , the Weird , " a quirky South Korean Western . The award for Best Actress went to China 's Zhou Xun for her performance in the psychological thriller "  The Equation of Love and Death . " Do you agree with the judges choices ? Which films do you think should have won that did n't ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box . A special award , the Nielsen Box Office award for outstanding contribution to film was also given to Indian actress , Priyanka Chopra by The Hollywood Reporter . In total , 36 films from across Asia competed in 13 categories . Awards were given by a jury of international film critics and professionals , presided over by Malaysian-born actress , and former Bond girl , Michelle Yeoh . The third annual awards show ceremony was held in conjunction with the 33rd Hong Kong International Film Festival . The event draws film stars and entertainment heavyweights from around the world , including American director Oliver Stone , who presented the award for Best Director .	"  Tokyo Sonata " wins for Best Film and Best Screenwriter Japan 's Hirokazu Koreeda wins Best Director for "  Still Walking " Actress Michelle Yeoh presides over the AFA jury
St. Petersburg , Florida  CNN  -- As if the pictures of birds , fish and animals killed by floating oil in the Gulf of Mexico are not disturbing enough , scientists now say they have found evidence of another danger lurking underwater . The University of South Florida recently discovered a second oil plume in the northeastern Gulf . The first plume was found by Mississippi universities in early May . USF has concluded microscopic oil droplets are forming deep water oil plumes . After a weeklong analysis of water samples , USF scientists found more oil in deeper water . "  These hydrocarbons are from depth and not associated with sinking degraded oil but associated with the source of the Deep Horizon well head , " said USF Chemical Oceanographer David Hollander . Through isotopic or microscopic fingerprinting , Hollander and his USF crew were able to show the oil in the plume came from BP 's blown-out oil well . The surface oil 's so-called fingerprint matched the tiny underwater droplet 's fingerprint . "  We 've taken molecular isotopic approaches which is like a fingerprint on a smoking gun , " Hollander said . Full coverage of oil spill BP has not commented on the latest development but in the past denied underwater oil plumes exist . "  The oil is on the surface , " said BP 's Chief Executive Officer Tony Hayward . "  There are n't any plumes . " Yet BP 's Managing Director Bob Dudley said recently , "  We 're all absolutely taking these ideas seriously and looking at them . " Scientists on board the university 's research vessel Weatherbird II were not able to find the dissolved hydrocarbon or oil by sight . Instead the crew received sensor signatures from the equipment deployed into the water since the plumes appear to be clear . Are you there ? Send us your photos USF is unsure on the exact size of the plumes . "  There are indications this is fairly wide spread , " said the USF oceanographer . "  There is probably more than one leg of this plume . " Scientist are concerned what effect the oil , not to mention the dissolvents used to break up the oil , will have on marine life . Laboratory tests show bacteria have begun eating some elements of the dissolved hydrocarbons . But the effect on fish "  is what needs to be understood , " said Hollander . "  We are in uncharted territory . " Impact your world : How to help Water samples collected by USF were sent to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration labs . NOAA has yet to comment on their conclusions . NOAA and USF will hold a joint press conference Tuesday morning at the university 's St. Petersburg campus to release their final findings .	Scientists discover second oil plume BP has denied presence of underwater plumes Scientists worry about oil 's effect on marine life
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Over-the-counter cold and cough medicines do n't work for children under age 6 , and giving the common medicine to young children can not be recommended , a Food and Drug Administration advisory committee said in October . An FDA panel has called for more studies on how cold medicines affect children . The panel of health experts , which looked at how safe and effective antihistamines , decongestants , antitussins and expectorants are in children , said it is not appropriate to take data from adults and apply it to children under 12 . After a two-day hearing , the panel called for more studies about how the medicines affect children . Although the panel 's recommendation is nonbinding , it could lead to changes in how cough and cold medicines are used . The votes are to be taken into consideration by FDA regulators , who might take action against the products at a later time . Dr. Jeff Jenkins , of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , said it could take a year or even years for the agency to make a final decision on the recommendations . During the panel 's meeting , the experts looked at a number of proposals , including whether multiple-symptom over-the-counter pediatric cough and cold medicines should be banned for children under 6 years old . FDA experts voted 13-9 that certain cold medicines with certain ingredients should not be used by young children . The committee said medicines with the same ingredients could be used by children ages 6 to 12 . The experts voted unanimously to require that standardized dosing devices accompany all liquid medicines , in an effort to reduce the likelihood of excessive or unintentional overdosing . Separately , the committee voted to allow marketing of multiple-symptom products to children between the ages of 2 and 12 if new research showed the products to be safe and effective . Combination products can be particularly susceptible to problems with overdosing because parents sometimes do n't realize they are duplicating ingredients . Committee members also emphasized the importance of proper and easy-to-read labels . Dr. Daniel Rausch , director of the pediatric hospital program for New York University , said that cold medicine is effective only at doses that are too strong for young children . Rausch recommends a more traditional treatment where dosing is n't a problem : chicken soup . "  A cold does not kill , so people should just relax , " Rausch said . "  Kids get sick and there 's nothing that people can do about it , but they will get better . " About 800 pediatric cough and cold products are sold in the United States , many using multiple ingredients that have been marketed for use in children for some 30 years . Earlier this year , the FDA completed a review that found that between 1969 and the fall of 2006 , there were 54 reported child deaths from decongestants and 69 from antihistamines . Watch one family 's tragic ending " Most of the deaths occurred in children under 2 . In August , federal health officials recommended the "  consult your physician " advice to parents on the labels of cold and cough medicines aimed at young children be replaced by a warning not to use the medications in children under 2 unless directed to do so by a health care provider . Before the FDA hearings , some of the leading manufacturers of cold and cough medicines announced a voluntary recall of more than a dozen cold medicines for infants . The Consumer Healthcare Products Association said the products were being pulled "  out of an abundance of caution . " Potential misuse of the medications , not product safety , is driving the voluntary withdrawal , the group said . The American Academy of Pediatrics applauded last week 's decision to pull those products , saying , "  These medicines are ineffective and can have serious side effects . There are other ways to treat cold symptoms . " The AAP suggests : When the drug industry voluntarily withdrew products last week , it insisted that when used as directed , the drugs are safe , and they work . "  Parents can continue to trust over-the-counter cough and cold remedies for their children , " said Linda A. Suydam , president of the Consumer Healthcare Products Association . "  We strongly encourage parents to adhere to the recommended dosing instructions for all medicines , recognizing that the vast majority of adverse events associated with their use are due to inadvertent overdosing and misuse . " Suydam said CHPA will be launching a major educational campaign for parents and caregivers in coming months . Baltimore Health Commissioner Dr. Joshua Sharfstein headed the push that led to the FDA hearing . He became alarmed when four Baltimore children died after their parents gave them excessive doses of cold medicines . Until those deaths , he did not realize that a dose of cold medicine could turn into a life-and-death issue among young children , he said . E-mail to a friend	Panel : No evidence that the over-the-counter medicines help young children More study sought about how cough , cold medicines work in children About 800 pediatric cough and cold products are sold in the United States Pediatrics group suggests "  other ways to treat cold symptoms "
Cusco , Peru  CNN  -- Authorities in Peru have rescued the last of hundreds of travelers who had been stranded by flooding in a town near one of South America 's most popular tourist destinations , a government official said Friday . Tourism Minister Martin Perez said 1,460 tourists were evacuated from Aguas Calientes , bringing the total rescued during the past three days to 4,005 -- 3,500 of them tourists . Thirteen helicopters in 268 flights took them to the city of Cusco , though one group of Colombians indicated they had not wanted to leave , he said . Days of heavy rain had triggered flash floods and landslides around Machu Picchu , the ruins of an Incan settlement in southern Peru 's Andes Mountains . The floods closed roads , bridges and rail lines , stranding tourists from around the world in the small town closest to the ruins . They also killed at least seven people , including an Argentine tourist , according to news reports . The tourists became stranded after a landslide early in the week blocked a rail line to Cusco , the nearest major city , said Martin Perez , Peru 's minister of foreign trade and tourism , according to the state-run Andina news agency . Peruvian authorities said they have given priority to children , the elderly and the ill , regardless of their nationality . Authorities estimated that 10,000 people were affected by the rain and 2,000 homes were ruined in and around Machu Picchu . The Peruvian government declared a state of emergency in two regions around Machu Picchu -- Cusco and Apurimac . The floods have damaged thousands of acres of crop land , washed out about a dozen bridges and damaged several highways . Don Jacinto , whose parents and grandparents lived in one affected area , said his relatives could not recall the rivers ever raging so strongly . Machu Picchu is an ancient city on a mountain in the Andes , standing 8,000 feet  2,430 meters  above sea level in a tropical mountain forest . Known as the "  Lost City of the Incas , " Machu Picchu attracts tens of thousands of international tourists every year . CNN 's Maria Elena Belaunde in Cusco and journalist Claudia Cisneros in Lima contributed to this report .	NEW : Last of tourists stranded by flooding are evacuated , a government official said Friday NEW : The total rescued during the past three days was 4,005 , tourism minister says Days of heavy rain had triggered flash floods and landslides in southern Peru At least seven people killed in flooding , reports say
CNN  -- Airline uniforms may not be the fashionista 's definition of sartorial elegance but the flight attendant 's garb represents the epitome of jet-set style and glamour for one aviation enthusiast . Cliff Muskiet has been collecting female flight attendant ensembles since the early 1980s and has accumulated over 1,000 outfits and accessories , which he proudly displays on his website uniformfreak.com . "  I love airplanes and everything that comes with it , " says Muskiet , who also works as a flight attendant for KLM Royal Dutch Airlines . "  When I think of an airplane , I automatically think of a stewardess . When I think of a stewardess , I automatically think of a uniform . When I think of a uniform , I want to have it , " he adds . See also : High-end designers create uniforms for the masses Muskiet often receives requests to display his collection at industry shows and exhibitions . He says the uniforms offer a window into different eras of style and commercial aviation history . "  You can see the fashion change through the years when you look at the stewardess uniforms , " explains Muskiet . "  I love the 1970s psychedelic patterns and color combinations : yellow , red , orange , purple , green , white , blue . Every color was used and everything was possible , " he adds . Over the years , some of the world 's most prominent fashion designers have created outfits for airline companies , including Giorgio Armani  Al Italia  , Nina Ricci  Cathay Pacific  and Christian Lacroix  Air France  , says Muskiet . See also : ` Safe-list ' flyers get security fast track But just because big-name designers put their names to particular items it does n't mean that the uniforms they produce are always a work of beauty , he explains . "  Yves Saint Laurent , for example , has made beautiful clothes for women , but the uniform he designed for Qantas in the 1980s was so horrible , " says Muskiet . Muskiet highlights 1970s uniforms from Japan Airlines , El Al and Iberia as some his all-time favorite items . He says the combination of aesthetic style and neat accessories , as well as the embodiment of the carrier 's national identity -- although this is not absolutely necessary -- can all be important factors in creating a uniform that will resonate . See also : Air France , flying chic for 70 years "  Look at Emirates , they wear a Western uniform and the color is horrible , " says Muskiet . "  But the red hat with veil is eye catching . The veil is that national identity as well as the color of the uniform : beige is the color of sand . " Muskiet says his collection will continue to grow for as long as airlines are willing to let him get his hands on their attire . In doing so , he hopes to preserve and further chronicle the historic link between airlines and the styles they continue to spawn . "  There has always been something glamorous about aviation and airline fashion , " he enthuses . "  These two go well together . "	Airline uniforms are the passion of collector Cliff Muskiet The KLM employee has collected more than 1,000 stewardess outfits since 1980 He says the uniforms offer a window into different eras of aviation history
CNN  -- A Kuwaiti man tied to al Qaeda , who was in Afghanistan in the days after 9/11 , is out of the U.S. military prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , where he 'd been held for the last 12 years , the Pentagon said Tuesday . The Defense Department announced the transfer of Fawzi al-Odah to the Kuwaiti government . It was n't immediately clear how Kuwait will handle al-Odah 's case , including if he 'll be freed totally . Regardless , the move represents a major milestone for al-Odah , who has pressed for his release for years and whose family has long professed his innocence . According to a 2010 U.S. appeals court document on his case , al-Odah , who was born in Kuwait City in 1977 , traveled to Afghanistan in August 2001 . He says he went there to do charity work and teach the Quran , the Muslim holy text , to the poor and needy ; the U.S. government says he went to join the Taliban in its fight against the Northern Alliance . Upon his arrival , al-Odah met with a Taliban official who he said took him to schools around the Afghan countryside . Federal prosecutors dispute this assertion , saying that al-Odah could n't name any of the schools he went to , fellow teachers or students . He was in the longtime Taliban stronghold of Kandahar on September 11 , 2001 , the day that members of al Qaeda -- the terrorist group led by Osama bin Laden that had found a home in Afghanistan -- hijacked four U.S. commercial airliners and crashed them , killing nearly 3,000 people . Al-Odah rented a car and drove to eastern Afghanistan 's Logar province , contending that he wanted to leave the country . But he did not , instead staying there about a month before acquiring an AK-47 rifle that he had while walking around the mountainous Tora Bora region with about 150 men . Tora Bora is where U.S. forces and their allies cornered bin Laden in December 2001 , before he managed to escape into Pakistan , according to a U.S. Senate report . His group came under attack at one point , but al-Odah survived unscathed . Yet his ordeal came to an end in late 2001 , when Pakistani guards detained him at Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan . Al-Odah was then passed to U.S. authorities , and he was moved to Guantanamo Bay in early 2002 . Federal authorities have tied al-Odah to al Qaeda on a number of fronts , including that his name appeared in a document on the terrorist group 's official website and that his passport was found in an al Qaeda safe house Yet his father , who fought alongside U.S. forces in the first Gulf War , says al-Odah has been wrongly imprisoned . "  He went in 2001 , trying to help people and teach them , " Khalif al-Odah told CNN in January 2003 . "  Then 9/11 happened , and he was caught there during the war . " Al-Odah 's release leaves 148 prisoners still at Guantanamo Bay , which was repurposed after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks to hold detainees in the so-called war on terror . Since they were not on American soil , then-President George W. Bush 's administration said Guantanamo detainees were not covered by the U.S. Constitution and instead were "  enemy combatants , " a label that gave them limited legal protections . President Barack Obama signed an executive order to close the Guantanamo Bay detention center days after his 2009 inauguration . Yet , while the number of detainees has dwindled -- through releases like that of al-Odah , as well as controversial swaps this year of five prisoners for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , an American soldier captured in Afghanistan -- the facility remains open . Former Guantanamo inmates tell of confessions under ` torture '	Pakistani border guards captured Fawzi al-Odah in late 2001 He says he 'd gone to Afghanistan to teach the Quran to children The U.S. government says he went to join the Taliban , ties him to al Qaeda Al-Odah has been released to the government of Kuwait , the Pentagon says
On Thursday , the Federal Aviation Administration released its "  Road Map " to integrate drones into civilian airspace by 2015 , and it provoked strong reactions from privacy advocates . I 've been a vocal critic against the creation of lethally autonomous combat drones , so you might expect I 'd be concerned about the vague civilian privacy protections the FAA proposed for their six domestic drone test sites . But actually I think their approach is a good one . FAA Administrator Michael Huerta rightly pointed out that his organization is focused on maintaining aviation safety and not proposing new privacy regulations . The 74-page FAA civilian drone road map focuses a lot on developing "  sense and avoid " technology to enable civilian drones to operate safely in skies already crowded with manned aircraft . But each of the test sites will come up with its own drone privacy policies and make them public , to  as the FAA put it  "  help inform the dialogue . " Consider that last statement the starting gun for what promises to be a vociferous and active debate on robotic vehicles in an open society . This is a debate that needs to happen , and with the FAA establishing these six "  sand boxes " in which to practice various drone privacy approaches , we 'll see the good , the bad and the just plain ugly well before regulations are more widely adopted . That might sound messy , but this is how an open society should ingest revolutionary technologies -- by arguing like hell about them . And make no mistake , there will be a constituency speaking on behalf of drones . That 's because in the next three years , civilian drones -- that is Unmanned Aerial Systems -- could be a $ 10 billion industry  with part of that presumably spent on public relations  . And on both sides of this struggle , the first combatants will be legions of lawyers arguing drone law and establishing legal precedents in local , state and federal courts . This has happened before . Few will remember that at the birth of aviation , property laws were such that landowners owned the air above their heads , too -- theoretically all the way up into space . And landowners were not happy with the idea of aircraft noisily "  trespassing " over their property , and yet it was difficult for aviators to fly only over public right-of-ways , especially in poor weather conditions . What followed were legal battles , with one railroad trying to stop rival airmail by claiming "  aerial trespass " if aviators followed their rail lines . There was aviation litigation about wrongful deaths , noise pollution , canceled flights , air crew working conditions , deferred maintenance , etc. . Eventually all that debate , legal precedent and working knowledge was boiled down into a regulatory framework that became the Federal Aviation Administration . Few would argue that FAA regulation has harmed the aviation industry or society . Just ask yourself if you 'd be willing to step on an unregulated commercial aircraft . I thought so . Those regulations made a level playing field for airlines and allowed the entire industry to prosper while simultaneously benefiting the public . But getting there was n't pretty . And so it will be with civilian drones . It will take the passionate debate of civil rights activists , entrepreneurs , hobbyists , aerospace engineers , farmers , environmentalists , ethicists and many more for society to arrive at a stable legal framework to safely and equitably integrate robotic aviation and autonomous vehicles into our society . There is no agency or bureau that will do this for us , and these are thorny issues . For every privacy activist I agree with on the subject of drones , there is also someone with a compelling vision of how they could be used for good , such as entrepreneurs who envision precision agriculture drones that could reduce pesticide use through surgically precise and infinitely patient ministering to crops . Agriculture alone could represent 80 % of the civilian drone industry . And as one drone industry executive put it : "  corn does n't mind if you watch it . " In case you missed the starting gun for the civilian drone privacy debate , it 's just been sounded .	Daniel Suarez : FAA releases road map for drones in civilian airspace by 2015 He says privacy advocates complain but believes FAA 's approach is sound He says civilian drones inevitable and useful ; we must hash out best guidelines Suarez : Outcry over aircraft resulted in formation of FAA ; drone debate is necessary
CNN  Marsha Bobb spotted Lenny Spence one day in 2005 while she was walking down the aisle of an American Airlines flight from Jamaica to Miami . Lenny was sitting in Marsha 's window seat . And she was n't happy about it . "  I hope I 'm not sitting beside him , " she recalls thinking . Lenny had the opposite thought . "  I saw this beautiful lady , and I thought , ' I hope she 's sitting here , ' " he remembers . Lenny was correct -- Marsha was sitting in the same row . Not that he switched seats . Marsha grudgingly took the open center seat . Then her attitude changed . "  He seemed nice and pleasant , " she says , hoping that someone as well-dressed and well-groomed as Lenny was probably a gentleman . "  I do n't think we 'd even left the tarmac , and we started talking . " Except for one gap , they 've barely stopped since -- through long-distance phone calls , a 2011 wedding and now as parents of two boys . It was n't love at first sight , however . More like comfort , which developed into a close friendship . After all , they were separated by thousands of miles : Marsha owned her own business in Toronto and Lenny was a long-distance truck driver based in Florida . But they talked -- for hours . Lenny says his phone bills used to be in the four figures . "  My phone bill was like a mortgage , " he chuckles . "  I would go over my minutes and be calling AT&T and asking , ` Is there any way you could work with me ? ' " The friendship appeared to have run its course in 2008 . The two lost touch but still thought of one another . For Lenny , Marsha was the "  the girl that got away " ; for Marsha , Lenny was a special memory . There was one time when Marsha called Lenny out of the blue and he did n't recognize her voice . And he tried other social media services , including MySpace , hoping to stumble across her . But Facebook put them together again in 2010 . "  I sent her a message , and she responded the following day , " Lenny says . "  Once we started talking again , it was like we picked up where we left off . " "  He did n't waste any time , " adds Marsha , who says she was in a better place for a relationship . Marsha ended up moving to Florida . They were married 10 months later . What 's the secret to their "  fairy tale , " as Marsha calls it ? Trust , honesty and respect , they say . And "  communication is key , " Marsha adds . She wishes to thank American Airlines , Facebook and AT&T for helping bring them together . Incidentally , they now have an unlimited plan .	Lenny and Marsha Spence met on a plane in 2005 The two bonded almost immediately , but the timing was n't right until years later Share your love story at CNN.com / soulmatestories
CNN  -- Mexico confirmed Tuesday that its forces killed Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano , reputed boss of the ruthless Zetas cartel , but it remains uncertain what effect , if any , the killing will have on the larger scourge of drug trafficking and violence . The kingpin 's death is arguably the Mexican government 's biggest takedown since President Felipe Calderon launched an offensive six years ago , but the record is mixed on the impact of such successes . Mexican marines killed Lazcano in a shootout on Sunday in a small town in northern Mexico , 130 miles from the Texas border , the country 's navy said . Lazcano was a onetime special forces soldier who became a founding member of the Zetas , a group accused of some of the most violent atrocities that have come to define the drug wars . Another Zetas leader arrested in Falcon Lake killing In a twist , a group of armed men stole Lazcano 's body from a funeral home , though authorities had already taken fingerprints and photographs to confirm his identity . Lazcano 's death "  certainly weakens dramatically the Zetas , " said George Grayson , professor of government at the College of William & Mary and author of a book on the cartel . The death is the latest in a string of blows against its leadership , he said . Other analysts said it was unclear how Lazcano 's death would affect the Zetas . "  Even though the head falls , there is immediately a substitute , " said Anabel Hernandez , a Mexican journalist who has investigated the country 's cartels . The intelligence firm Stratfor said it expects Lazcano 's death to have little impact on the Zetas ' operations . Lazcano 's health had been failing and he had already transferred much control of the organization to Miguel Angel Trevino Morales , Stratfor said . The United States and Mexico combined had offered rewards of more than $ 7 million for information leading to his capture . Praising the navy 's efforts Tuesday , Calderon described Lazcano as "  one of the most important and most dangerous " people on Mexico 's list of most wanted criminals . The organization he led , Calderon said , is behind "  countless high-impact crimes and extreme violence that many communities in the country have suffered . " The Zetas are responsible for smuggling tons of cocaine and other drugs annually to the United States , generating many millions of dollars . The name of the cartel conjures up some of the most violent images of the drug war : a casino fire that killed 52 people , the deaths of 72 migrants , and tortured bodies hanging from bridges . 7 bodies found in western Mexico The marines who killed Lazcano had responded Sunday to reports of an armed group in the town of Progreso , in the northern state of Coahuila , the navy said . They were attacked with grenades thrown from a moving vehicle and a firefight ensued , it said . A local newspaper reported scenes of "  panic and terror " as the shootout erupted next to where families were enjoying a baseball game . Rather than after an ambush , the shooting started after the marines tried to search a suspicious Ford Ranger , the Zocalo newspaper said . Authorities at the scene recovered two assault rifles , a grenade launcher and 12 grenades , as well as a rocket launcher and two rockets . The Zetas -- headquartered in Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , directly across the border from Laredo , Texas -- make up Mexico 's largest drug cartel in terms of territory . The group has operations in 11 Mexican states . Another reputed Zetas leader , Ivan Velazquez Caballero , alias "  El Taliban , " was captured last month . Lazcano , 37 , joined the Mexican armed forces in 1991 and was part of its elite airborne special forces group , dedicated to battling drug cartels . Soon after , Lazcano and several other special forces members were recruited by the Gulf cartel to create its enforcement arm , Los Zetas . Gulf Cartel boss arrested In ensuing years , the Zetas split into a major drug trafficking organization and have since branched out into extortion , kidnapping and human smuggling . The cartel is in the midst of a bloody turf war with its former employer , the Gulf cartel , and also with the Sinaloa cartel . The fight for access to lucrative smuggling routes in northern and central Mexico has left thousands of civilians dead . The violence is particularly acute in three northeastern states that are some of the Zetas ' strongest-held territory : Coahuila , Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas . In 2010 , the bodies of 72 migrants from Central and South America were discovered at a ranch in Tamaulipas state . The Zetas have been blamed for the mass graves and for the deaths of the migrants . The cartel also is blamed for setting a fire at a casino in Monterrey that killed 52 people . In May , authorities found 49 decapitated and dismembered bodies along a highway in Nuevo Leon . The orders to commit the grisly crime allegedly came from Lazcano , who originally wanted the bodies to be left in a town 's central square . In banners purportedly hung by the cartel , the group denied involvement . Mexican officials have said that more than 47,500 people have been killed in drug-related violence since Calderon began his crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . Some groups say the number is much higher . 45 days of intel work led to drug lord 's capture in Venezuela CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Lonzo Cook and Nelson Quinones in Atlanta , and journalist Victor Badillo in Coahuila state , Mexico , contributed to this report .	The navy confirms the death of Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano His body was stolen by a group of armed men from a funeral home It is uncertain what impact , if any , his death will have on drug violence
CNN  -- Adam Scott -- the lanky , easy-going 32-year-old golfer who made history by becoming the first Australian to win the U.S. Masters -- not only has to contend with national hero status at home but also the role of golf 's latest sex symbol . Jessica Korda , a member of the LPGA tour who won last year 's Women 's Australian Open , tweeted : "  Adam Scott !!!!!!!!!!!!!! A million girls just fell in love . " It 's not the first time the 6-foot  182cm  , 180-pound  81kg  Australian has provoked a Beatlemaniac response on the course In 2005 , during the Players Championship in Florida , Scott struggled to ignore teenage girls yelling their phone numbers at him as he concentrated on his game . "  They looked a little too young to be giving me their phone numbers , " the self-effacing golfer reportedly told a Florida newspaper at the time . Born in Adelaide , South Australia in 1980 , Scott showed early promise as a golfer growing up in Australia 's tropical state of Queensland -- a favored golfing destination in Australia . His father , Phil , said he remembers his son hitting a golf ball around a par-three golf course at the age of four . "  In his primary school days a golf club was the same as a cricket bat , tennis racquet or football , " Scott Snr . told Queensland 's The Courier Mail newspaper . "  Whatever he picked up first was good enough . " His father was the first director of golf at Twin Waters Resort and , naturally enough , became his son 's coach . He perfected a simple swing technique which Scott has used to devastating effect throughout his career . "  I tried to keep it simple and natural , " he said . "  As a golf pro , I appreciated the need for solid technique , but I never tried to cloud his mind with too many technical thoughts . " Battling demons In 1996 , at the age of 17 , Scott enrolled at Kooralbyn International School south of Brisbane , a school with a renowned golf program . His teacher Peter Claughton told Australian media that Scott had been a cut above the other golfing students . "  Adam was switched on and organised . He knew all about golf courses all over the world , the great players , the touring pros and what other amateurs were doing , " Claughton said . "  He was single-minded and talked about what he wanted to do . On weekends , he 'd plan exactly what he was doing . He was n't a kid to just hit balls on the practice range . He 'd always work on something specific . " From there , the golf prodigy went on to attend the University of Nevada , Las Vegas , turning professional in 2000 . Since then , it has been a steady climb . He has won nine PGA Tour events , eight on the European tour , four on the Asian tour , one Sunshine Tour title and three PGA Tour of Australasia competitions . Scott has always idolized Australian golfing giant Greg Norman -- nicknamed was the Great White Shark -- whose defeat in at the U.S. Masters in 1996 became a defining national moment in Australia . Scott is now being viewed as an avenging angel for Norman 's defeat from a seemingly unbeatable position . "  Australia is a proud sporting nation , " Scott told a press conference following his Masters victory . "  And this is one notch in the belt that we had never go . " He then paid tribute to Norman , his childhood idol . "  It was one guy who inspired a nation of golfers , and that is Greg Norman , " Scott said . "  Part of this definitely belongs to him . " Scott has also had to battle his demons on the golf course , which was epitomized by his stunning capitulation at last year 's Open Championship at Royal Lytham in England . Going into the final round with a four-shot lead , a disastrous run of four straight bogeys from the 15th hole saw him finish one shot adrift of former world No. 1 Ernie Els . The young Australian wore a haunted look in the post-match press conference that suggested the experience would permanently scar his sporting psyche . But as with many great Australian sportsmen and sportswomen down the years , Scott 's battling determination gave him the last laugh .	The 32-year-old self-effacing golf champion has become a national hero in Australia Born in Adelaide in 1980 , Scott showed early promise as a professional golfer His father , also a golf professional , perfected his easy and straightforward swing Scott 's victory is seen as avenging Australian golfing great Greg Norman 's defeat in 1996
Beijing  CNN  -- A Caucasian American businessman gets into a cab in Beijing . At first he 's relieved -- the last few taxis passed straight by him , which is not unusual -- it can be difficult for non-Chinese nationals to get a cab . But then comes an uncomfortable question from the driver : "  Is n't it difficult living in a country with so many black people ? " A question that highlighted another issue : while non-Chinese nationals can have trouble getting a cab , it can be even worse for those with darker skin . Project manager Kris Derban has lived in China for eight years . He long suspected that taxis were not picking him up because he is an African-American . Recently his suspicions were confirmed when he asked a driver why he had hesitated to take him . "  The driver said , ' I worry Africans will run off and not pay . ' " But catching a cab is n't the only problem . Another common misconception Derban has to contend with is that he is a drug dealer , he said . "  I 'll be with a group of friends and someone specifically comes up to ask me if I have drugs . At first I was offended . Now I tease them and say : ` No , do you have drugs ? ' " Derban laughs off such incidents , finding humor in the ignorance . Others have been less fortunate . Liberian student David Johnson moved to China just two months ago . He said he has already been subjected to several racist remarks . "  One time I was walking down the street and someone called me a stupid black c *** , " he reported . "  Maybe it was because I was with a Chinese girl and they do n't like that . " Reports of this kind of racism date back to when Africans were first welcomed into China to study at Chinese universities in the 1960s . And in 1988 , a violent , 300-strong mob broke into an African students ' dormitory at Nanjing University and destroyed their possessions while chanting "  down with the black devils . " The number of Africans and foreigners living in China has risen significantly since then . Communities have grown up in major cities such as Guangzhou , where 20,000 Africans now live , according to official figures . Some scholars , trying to account for the number of undocumented migrants , put the estimate at around 200,000 . However , "  even in those cities where there is now a concentration of black people , still most Chinese have little to no contact with them , " said Barry Sautman , a professor of social sciences at the Hong Kong University of Science & Technology who specializes in the issue of race in China . As such , their ideas about blacks are largely shaped by the media , Sautman , said , adding , "  In the media , Africa is portrayed as a house of horrors , with a huge number of people dying from diseases , wars and extremely high crime rates . " Cultural bias against dark skin But it is not just Africans and those of African descent who report prejudices in China ; others with darker skin are also affected . Hatim Shah from Mumbai in India has worked in finance in China for six years . He recalled Beijing 's visa crackdown on foreigners working or living illegally in the city around the time of the 2008 Olympics . "  I was set to move into a house , but when I went with the landlord to the police station to register , he told me I could n't live there because the police did n't want brown people in the vicinity , " he recalled . "  My white South African roommate had no problem . " Although Shah believes the situation has since improved , he still feels that "  if you are brown here , you are not equal . " He added : "  They assume dark skinned people are doing something dodgy . If there 's a white person in the room , they 'd rather speak to the white person . " Paler skin has historically been prized in China and much of Asia . Even today skin-lightening products remain popular . "  Conversely , darker skin is associated with being a peasant , " said Sautman . "  So , if you think peasants are oafish and backwards , you associate darker skin with that . " However , experts say , just because there is a historic prejudice against dark skin in China , it was never a given that this prejudice would automatically translate into prejudice against races with darker skins . Sautman believes that type of prejudice was imported from the West . "  It was imported as early as the 1880s by Chinese intellectuals exposed to the Western racist literature . During the Maoist era , expressing such ideas fell out of fashion . Instead , the state promoted the idea that the Chinese should join Africans and rise up together against the white imperialists , " said Sautman . But from the beginning of China 's reform era from the late 1970s , some Western ideas were allowed to flood back in . While the Chinese government maintains there is no racisim here -- many clearly beg to differ . But they say , given that racism seems less historically entrenched in China than in the West , there is hope it can be stamped out more easily . The ` Obama effect ' Some non-Chinese nationals say the election of U.S. President Barack Obama and the growing number of black sports stars playing for Chinese teams - such as basketball 's Stephon Marbury and footballer Didier Drogba - has helped change perceptions . A study conducted by Yunying Zhang at Austin Peay State University and Alexis Tan at Washington State University showed that negative stereotypes held about African-Americans -- for example , that they were ` violent ' , ` loud ' or ` aggressive ' -- were less likely to be held by Chinese people after President Obama 's election . Meanwhile Africans and African-Americans living in China report that since the election , Chinese people they meet are now more likely to bring up the president or the latest athlete signed to a Chinese team than mention negative stereotypes . Real-life encounters with ordinary Africans and African-Americans also play a part in dispelling racist myths . In a study of attitudes in Guangzhou , Sautman found a correlation between Chinese people actually living and working with Africans and having a more positive attitude towards the African community there . Derban , for his part , said : "  I try to present myself in such a way that I always leave a good impression . The racism here might be blatant , but , unlike the West , because it 's not hidden , I know what I am dealing with . I can openly talk to people about it and help change impressions . " Loretta Evans , an African-American who has been in China for eight years feels the same . "  Yes , I 've sometimes had people stare or touch my skin , as if to see whether it 's going to rub off , " she said . "  But I think this comes from curiosity not negativity . Here I do n't feel the racial tension I feel back home . I 've done things , such as setting up my own geophysics company , which as I black woman I might not have been able to do in the States . "  Yes , I 'm treated differently from Chinese people . But here I 'm different first , black second . "	Non-white foreigners living in China report more instances of prejudice African Americans report greater difficulty getting cabs , suspicions of criminal behavior Study : Chinese perceptions have improved since election of U.S. President Barack Obama The signing of celebrated black athletes to Chinese teams is also improving relations
NEW YORK  CNN  -- They 've been teasing and tantalizing female readers with images of muscular men oozing sensuality and the pretty women they are destined to save and then fall in love with . The "  beefcakes and bodices " book covers have helped Harlequin sell their romance novels for more than half a century . Powerful men and demure women were stock in trade in early Harlequin novels . "  It 's always great to feel like you 're the girl in the book and the handsome guy is coming to rescue you , " said Liz Lenz , 25 , who has been reading Harlequin novels since she was a teen . "  It 's always fun for the reader . " Those covers also seduced Winnipeg , Canada , teacher Louann Bergen . "  There 's usually good-looking males on the covers or something intriguing to make you want to read more , " she said . "  I guess they change with the times , but they still have that same allure and that same passion behind them . " As sort of a 60th anniversary gift to its faithful readers , Harlequin is displaying original artwork for its covers in an New York exhibit called "  The Heart of a Woman : Harlequin Cover Art 1949-2009 . " And before you sniff disdainfully at romance novel art , be reminded : That artwork sells a lot of books . Romance fiction is responsible for $ 1.375 billion in book sales every year , according to Romance Writers of America . The organization says more than a quarter of all books sold are romance novels , satisfying 51 million readers every year . The Harlequin exhibit comes from boxes and boxes of old novels that employees discovered at the company 's headquarters in Toronto , Canada . "  I pawed through literally thousands of paintings , " curator Elizabeth Semmelhack said , adding that she saw apparent shifts in women 's historical desires began to emerge . Watch the curator discuss some favorites " "  Rather than being retardataire -LSB- outdated -RSB- , many of these images are extremely cutting edge , " she said . "  There are images of women doctors before women were really embraced by the workplace . There are women who are adventuring around the world before independence is really part of women 's culture . " Many early Harlequin covers , like that of Elizabeth Houghton 's "  Island Hospital , " in which a man , woman and grizzly bear stand poised in confrontation , depict more than one  fully clothed  character in the crux of a suspenseful moment . "  You do n't know , is the couple going to get together ? Is the hero going to save the heroine ? The happy ending is not on the cover , " Semmelhack explained . The illustrations have changed their tone over the years . Where cover art used to hint at psychological intrigue , it 's grown to instead promise a passionate physical conclusion . "  From the earliest covers , there 's sort of an implied sexual tension , but there is n't much direct imaging of passion . That does n't happen until the late '70s and into the '80s , " she said . "  By the time you hit the sexual revolution and passion becomes of primary importance on these covers , then that lover 's embrace in many ways signals the happy ending right there on the front of the book . " And in recent decades , the once revolutionary depictions of the lovers ' raw embrace have been reduced further . "  Today , covers might just be the undressed male body . He might even be headless . He 's so truncated that all you 're doing is looking at the object of desire , his masculinity . " Although Harlequin romances are predominantly written for and read by women , according to Semmelhack , the majority of the publisher 's cover illustration artists have been male . "  It is interesting that you have men imaging female desire , " she said . "  It seems to work ; the books certainly sell . " This year , Harlequin books , which publishes 1,200 new titles annually , reported first quarter earnings up more than 13 percent . Debbie Macomber , who has published 153 books since 1983 -- and is most recently author of a May New York Times Harlequin best-seller , "  Summer on Blossom Street . " -- visited the "  Heart of a Woman " exhibit on opening night . "  There were some that really made me laugh out loud , " Macomber said . "  It was amazing to see the role and the progression of the women 's movement in the cover art itself . I get letters from 13-year-old girls and women who are in their 90s , and that 's one of my goals as a writer : to write books that are relevant to my readers . "	Decades of busting bodices , bulging biceps , intrigue and glamour in exhibition Harlequin displays half a century of romance book covers in New York Curator : Covers go from psychological intrigue to passionate physical conclusion Reader says books "  still have that same allure and that same passion "
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Rescuers have recovered 90 bodies so far after landslides trapped dozens of people last week in a western Indian village . At least eight people were pulled out alive after the landslides hit Wednesday following heavy monsoon rains . "  There are almost no chances of finding survivors now unless some miracle happens , " said Suresh Jadhav , a deputy district chief in Maharashtra state . He said up to 65 people remain missing . The landslides were reported around midnight Wednesday in Malin , a village in Maharashtra 's Pune district , near Mumbai . Emergency crews are expected to clear the debris and pull out any remaining survivors or bodies , he said .	"  There are almost no chances of finding survivors now , " official says The landslides hit a village in Maharashtra state near Mumbai
CNN  -- The United Arab Emirates on Saturday expressed concern about a German court 's decision to release an alleged Israeli agent being investigated in connection with a Hamas leader 's murder in Dubai . The suspected agent , who often uses the alias Uri Brodsky , is under investigation for helping obtain a false German passport allegedly used by one of the killers in January . The UAE 's foreign ministry said it 's worried about Brodsky 's release on bail and his freedom to return to Israel during the probe , the state-run WAM reported . Brodsky still faces a possible trial in Germany "  The UAE seeks assurances that Brodsky is in no way connected with the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai in January of this year , " ministry official Abdurahim Al Awadhi said in a statement . "  As this may relate to a serious crime committed in Dubai , the UAE expects full and close cooperation from the German authorities and will continue to pursue the matter through diplomatic channels , " the statement said . Dubai is one of seven emirates within the United Arab Emirates . Rainer Wolf , a spokesman for the state prosecutor 's office in Cologne , Germany , told CNN that the judge decided that keeping Brodsky in custody was excessive considering the severity of the charges and released him on bail . Brodsky was arrested in Poland two months ago on a European warrant as part of an investigation into the killing . That warrant accused him on two counts : espionage and forgery . Poland granted Germany 's request for extradition but on the condition that it would only be for the forgery charge . Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , a founding member of the Palestinian group Hamas ' military wing , was found dead in January in his hotel room in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates . Police believe he was killed the night before and suspect the Mossad , Israel 's foreign intelligence unit , was behind the assassination . Several countries including Ireland , the United Kingdom and Australia have kicked out Israeli diplomats after concluding Israel had probably forged their countries ' passports as part of the operation . Dubai police have identified 33 suspects in al-Mabhouh 's killing . Most of the suspects are believed to have acquired faulty passports to go to Dubai and then fled to other far-flung locations , police said . Israel has maintained there is no proof linking it to the doctored passports or the killing of al-Mabhouh . Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman told Israel Army Radio in March that there is certainly no reason to think that the Mossad and not some other intelligence agency of another country operated there .	United Arab Emirates concerned about release of alleged agent Poland extradited him to Germany on the forgery charges He was released on bail and can return to Israel Fake passports were used by many of the suspects in the killing of a Hamas leader
CNN  -- A magnitude 8.0 earthquake struck the Pacific near American Samoa , triggering towering tsunami waves that gushed over the island and leaving at least 22 people dead . The tsunami wave hit right in the middle of the harbor of Pago Pago , the capital . American Samoa Gov. Togiola Tulafono , speaking from Hawaii , said Tuesday 's quake ranked "  right up there with some of the worst " disasters on the island . He said about 50 people had been treated for injuries so far but he expected that number to rise . The quake hit the small cluster of South Pacific islands early Tuesday morning . By evening , Laumoli , standing outside the LBJ Tropical Medican Center morgue in the capital of Pago Pago , confirmed 22 deaths . "  I thought it was the end of the world , " said Dr. Salamo Laumoli , director of health services . "  I have never felt an earthquake like that before . " Laumoli feared more fatalities would turn up as rescue workers were still trying to access parts of the island severed by damaged infrastructure . Laumoli said people in outlying villages on one end of the main island have been cut off because the main bridge was washed away . "  Two or three villages have been badly damaged , " he told CNN International . Listen to Laumoli speak about the impact of the quake and tsunami " Tulafono cited extensive damage to roads , buildings and homes , and said he had spoken to the military about mobilizing reserve forces for assistance . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Ewa Beach , Hawaii , canceled tsunami watches and warnings for American Samoa about four hours after the earthquake hit . However , a tsunami advisory is still in effect for for the coastal areas of California and Oregon . Watch report on end of tsunami warning " The Japan Meteorological Agency also activated a tsunami advisory along its eastern coast . The precautionary alert means that the height of a possible tsunami wave would be less than a foot and a half . President Barack Obama "  declared a major disaster exists in the Territory of American Samoa " late Tuesday and ordered federal aid to supplement local efforts . The declaration makes federal funding available to affected individuals . The tsunami waves hit right in the middle of the Pago Pago harbor , the capital , said Cinta Brown , an American Samoa homeland security official working at the island 's emergency operations center . The water devastated the village of Leone . Watch a resident talk about what happened " "  The wave came onshore and washed out people 's homes , " Brown said . The same happened on the hard-hit east and west sides of American Samoa , she said . The quake generated three separate tsunami waves , the largest measuring 5.1 feet from sea level height , said Vindell Hsu , a geophysicist with the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center . Preliminary data had originally reported a larger tsunami . Officials in the U.S. territory issued a clear call and were focusing on assessing the damage , Brown said . Reports of damage were still emerging , but a bulletin from the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said the waves "  may have been destructive along coasts near the earthquake epicenter and could also be a threat to more distant coasts . Authorities should take appropriate action in response to this possibility . " Tulafono , the governor , was on his way back home Tuesday night on one of two U.S. Coast Guard C-130 transport planes flying to American Samoa with aid . The Coast Guard also will transport more than 20 officials from the Federal Emergency Management Agency to American Samoa , said John Hamill , external affairs officer for FEMA in Oakland , California . The FEMA team will include a variety of debris experts , housing experts , members of the Corps of Engineers , and other disaster relief specialists , Hamill said . Tulafono told reporters Tuesday that it was hard being away from home when disaster came calling . It was a time , he said , for families to be together . Those who experienced the massive quake described it as a terrifying event . Brown was standing in a parking lot when her sports utility vehicle began rocking left and right . "  You could hear the rattling of the metal " of a large chain link fence around the lot , Brown said . "  It shakes you because you know something else is coming , " she said . CNN 's Augie Martin , Mariano Castillo , Moni Basu , Tess Eastment and Nick Valencia contributed to this report	NEW : White House declares major disaster ; orders federal aid U.S. sending plane with aid , officials to help American Samoa Magnitude-8 .0 quake strikes near Samoan Islands early Tuesday Quake struck at depth of 7.4 miles , triggered three 5-foot tsunamis
CNN  -- I am covering the Olympics for Slate this year , and , as such , it 's my job to know what happens at the Games as soon as it happens . No waiting for the tape-delay broadcast for me ; I wake at 4 a.m. to watch archery and stay in front of the screen until the sun sets on the British Isles . What this means is that I have personally spoiled at least seven people 's enjoyment of the Olympics by blabbing prematurely about who won what event . "  Did you see that Michael Phelps came in fourth ? " I ask . "  No , you jerk , and thanks for ruining it for me . I was going to watch that tonight , " they respond . For this and myriad other moments of spoiler-related thoughtlessness , I heartily apologize . And in order to make amends , I hereby offer 10 tips on what to do and how to prepare if you want to avoid having the Games spoiled by careless obsessives like me . Opinion : Is it really #NBCfail ? 1 . The key to any good spoiler-avoidance strategy is practice . Construct a training space in your basement or backyard , and prepare yourself for the challenges to come . See how long you can resist the urge to check your phone for swimming updates . Practice walking with your fingers in your ears while shouting "  I ca n't hear you ! I ca n't hear you ! " 2 . Fun fact : Casual commuting is responsible for 75 percent of sports spoilers . When you 're walking along the street or sitting on a subway , you often ca n't avoid overhearing other people talking about the Games . So be sure to take the necessary precautions before you leave the house . Map your route and follow it to the letter , making sure to gaze straight at the ground the entire way . Some might recommend that you also don a heavy pair of earmuffs , but there 's no need for you to go outside looking like a freak . Carrying around a portable white noise machine will be fine . 3 . Your smartphone is your enemy during these next two weeks . If you carry it around , you will be tempted to check the Internet , and you risk receiving spoiler-laden text messages from your gymnastics-loving friends . Switch to an older phone for the duration of the Olympics , preferably one that is decades old , is shaped like a brick and has a wan green display that can handle neither text messages nor the Internet . You could also take this opportunity to rediscover the joys of pre-cellular communication devices . Bag up some quarters and see if you can still find a working payphone . Fire up your old CB radio .  Nobody on the CB radio is talking about the Olympics . They 're all talking about speed traps and convoys and such . Twitter takes the Olympic gold for speed 4 . Streamline your social media feeds . You can probably divide your Facebook friends into "  people who are likely to follow the Olympics " and "  people who are not . " Hide all status updates from the Olympics-following friends . This should leave you with a Facebook feed composed entirely of elderly relatives , local merchants and new mothers posting photographs of their children . Abandon Twitter entirely , or , at the very least , unfollow everyone except Jose Canseco . 5 . Implement and rigorously follow a household media blackout : no radio , no television , no newspapers , no Internet , no virtual reality devices . Mollify your children by telling them it 's Dictionary Month , and promise a handsome prize to whichever child memorizes the most words . If your spouse complains , cut her off by shouting irrationally "  Who did you marry : me or Comcast ?! It 's like I do n't even know you anymore ! " If a full-fledged media blackout is n't feasible , then at least limit yourself to the stations that are least likely to air anything having to do with modern times : the radio stations that play big band music and old-timey radio programs . On television , the TV stations that specialize in old reruns of "  Mama 's Family . " 6 . Your friends and family are likely to try to spoil the Olympics results for you . Thus , it is critical that you do your best to alienate them for the duration of the Olympics . Avoid bathing and repel them with your hideous smell ; refuse to answer their phone calls , e-mail messages or direct questions . If they start talking about London , cut them off immediately with a brusque "  I do n't want to hear ANYBODY talking about the Olympics . MY GRANDFATHER DIED IN A DECATHLON ACCIDENT ! " 7 . The office is bound to be a prime place for Olympics spoilers . Stay away from the water cooler ; go thirsty if you must . Arrive 10 minutes late for every meeting , to avoid any obnoxious spoiler-laden pre-meeting chatter . Take the stairs instead of the elevator ; it 's better to be a bit winded than to risk picking up untimely information on those stupid elevator televisions they have . Really , the best thing is to just not go to work for a couple of weeks . Now 's the time to cash in those "  Olympics days " you 've been saving up . Jobs give their workers Olympics days , right ? Day 4 : The best photos of the Olympics 8 . Do n't go to the gym , either , because the gym is filled with armchair Olympians who like nothing more than to discuss the day 's sporting events . Do your exercising outdoors , instead . If you must visit the gym , be sure to only use the unpopular equipment , like jump ropes and medicine balls . And , for goodness sake , stay away from bars , because bars are a prime location for loose-lipped sports talkers . Instead , you should drink alone at home . If you find yourself craving the tavern experience , all you need is some plywood , a few milk crates and a couple of cases of Keystone , and , presto , you 'll have your own makeshift wet bar .  Home improvement projects are easy ! 9 . If you are handy , you might consider building a Cone of Silence , like they used in the TV show "  Get Smart . " This is basically just a hard plastic fishbowl that you wear over your head .  This will certainly stop you from hearing any spoilers , but also , if you wear it , you may asphyxiate . 10 . You know where nobody 's talking about the Olympics ? In the forest . Take these next two weeks as an opportunity to go back to nature . Pitch a tent in the woods , and commune with the stars and the seedlings . Bring a battery-powered television that gets only three channels , and fire it up every night around 7 . You 'll be able to watch the key moments of the Games in peace and quiet . And , despite what you 've heard , it is quite unlikely that you 'll be eaten by a bear . Photos : Olympian outtakes How are you avoiding spoilers during the Olympic Games ? Share your recommendations in the comments section below .	Justin Peters covers the Olympics professionally and has spoiled events for friends Peters recommends creating an information vacuum to avoid spoilers ; noise machines help Peters says if you can avoid social situations at work , or work itself , you can prevent spoilers He suggests switching from a smartphone to an older cell phone with no text or Internet
CNN  -- It 's not often that a superyacht is inspired by the work of an obscure 19th-century Ukrainian mathematician . But the astonishingly shaped "  Voronoi " is exactly that . Still at the design stage , the 125-meter vessel is adorned with a complex lattice exterior that its designer , South Korean industrial architect Hyun-Seok Kim , says is based on an algorithmic diagram by Georgy Voronoy , a math professor who lived under the Russian empire during the late 1800s . "  What is special about the Voronoi diagram is that we also notice it in nature , " said Kim , who is riding high after winning the 2011 Millennium Yacht Design Awards for an equally eccentric concept inspired by coral reefs and tropical fish . "  If you look at the wings of a dragonfly , the cell membrane of a plant or the fur of a giraffe , for instance , you see the Voronoi pattern over and over , " said Kim . The 32 year-old designer believes that the unusual exterior would appeal to those looking for a superyacht more in harmony with its natural surroundings . "  Structures based on the Voronoi pattern have an organic , playful , non-repetitive feel , " said Kim , who also argued that the pattern can create very robust structures with a minimum amount of material , and for this reason is often employed in architecture and engineering . Just never before on a luxury yacht . But the "  Voronoi 's " quirks do n't stop at the exterior . Set across five decks , the design includes an indoor swimming pool lined with ancient Greek-styled columns , a sky-lounge , botanical garden and even a small golfing range . So will it ever be built ? "  I certainly hope so , " said Kim , who admitted that its non-repetitive structure is an impediment to manufacturers because each segment requires different moulds . He added : "  For future yacht designs I will focus on the commercial market ... however it is n't easy , I like futuristic yachts much more ! "	"  Voronoi " superyacht has honeycomb exterior based on shapes found in natural world Concept inspired by work of Ukrainian mathematician who formalized pattern in diagram Design also contains indoor swimming pool , botanical garden and even a golf range
CNN  -- Los Angeles police have posted the images of 42 women culled from the photo collection of the "  Grim Sleeper " serial murder suspect on social media and the department website , officials announced Thursday . The photographs were taken between 1976 and 2010 , and the women in them have yet to be identified , police said in a news release . If anyone recognizes one of the women , they can use Twitter  https://twitter.com/LAPDGrimSleeper  or Facebook  https://www.facebook.com/pages/LAPD-Grim-Sleeper/269881769790597?fref=ts  to make a positive identification . The number to make an anonymous tip is 800-222-8477 . Lonnie David Franklin Jr. , who was arrested in July 2010 , is accused of killing women ranging from ages 14 to 36 between August 1985 and January 2007 . Many of the victims were prostitutes , authorities have said in the past . Most of the sleeper 's victims were discovered dumped in south Los Angeles alleys and covered with debris , authorities said . All victims were shot ; some were strangled too , an indictment alleges . Authorities widened their inquiry to include all homicides that occurred in a general area of south Los Angeles where Franklin lived from the 1970s , when he got out of the military , through the 1980s , police spokeswoman Karen Rayner said in August 2011 . That amounts to about 230 murders , and even some that officials thought had been solved , she said . Franklin , 59 , has pleaded not guilty to 10 charges of murder and one of attempted murder . Prosecutors said they will seek the death penalty against Franklin . Before his arrest , Franklin had worked for a time as a garage attendant at a Los Angeles police station , authorities said . The killer was nicknamed the Grim Sleeper because he seemed to take long breaks between homicides , police said . Grim Sleeper survivor : ` You 're at his will '	Police post photos taken from collection of serial murders suspect Public can view them on Facebook or Twitter Lonnie David Franklin Jr. is charged with 10 murders Police have widened scope of investigation to 230 killings
HANOVER , Germany  CNN  -- Archaeologists have found more than 600 relics from a huge battle between a Roman army and Barbarians in the third century , long after historians believed Rome had given up control of northern Germany . Some of the artifacts are so well preserved that the scientists can already retrace some of the battle lines . "  We have to write our history books new , because what we thought was that the activities of the Romans ended at nine or 10  years  after Christ , " said Lutz Stratmann , science minister for the German state of Lower Saxony . "  Now we know that it must be 200 or 250 after that . " For weeks , archeologist Petra Loenne and her team have been searching this area with metal detectors , pulling hundreds of ancient Roman weapons out of the ground . They paint a picture of a highly organized , technologically superior Roman army beset by Germanic tribes in a forest about 80 km  50 miles  south of the modern city of Hanover . The hillside battlefield was discovered by relic-hunters illegally searching for souvenirs of more recent wars near the town of Kalefeld-Oldenrode . One of them brought some of the items he found to Loenne , who works for the local government . The artifacts are so well preserved that the scientists can already retrace some of the battle lines . Watch how the battlefield discovery could re-write history " "  We believe the Germans ambushed the Romans here , but the legions quickly fired back with catapults and archers -- and then it came to a massive man-on-man onslaught , " Loenne said . The items unearthed so far include an axe , still sharp after nearly 1,800 years ; horseshoes ; shovels ; spearheads ; and dozens of arrowheads for a Scorpio , a cross between a catapult and a crossbow -- the ancient equivalent of artillery . "  With a very high speed , on a very long distance -- about 300 meters -- you can hit targets precisely , " said Henning Hassman , of Hanover 's archeological institute . Researchers say the evidence suggests the tribesmen lured the Romans into the forest to keep them from making full use of those long-range weapons and draw them into hand-to-hand combat , outside of the formations the imperial troops had mastered . However , they believe the Romans ultimately prevailed . Other relics include coins depicting the late second-century Roman emperor Commodus , depicted in the Oscar-winning Hollywood epic "  Gladiator " -- a film that opens with a scene of battle against a barbarian horde that scientists say appears to be largely accurate . And Loenne said her team may have only begun to scratch the surface of the forest . "  We hope we might find fortifications and if we are lucky , maybe even battlefield graveyards , " she said .	Relics found from battle between Romans , Barbarians in third century Historians had thought Rome had given up control of northern Germany by then Battlefield found by relic-hunters illegally searching for souvenirs of recent wars
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Unidentified gunmen killed two people and injured another two Wednesday in what Russian officials called a terrorist attack intended to blow up a hydroelectric power station . The attackers targeted the Baksan Hydropower Plant in the North Caucasus republic of Kabardino-Balkaria , the Investigative Committee of the Russian Prosecutor 's Office said . They killed two guards and badly beat two control-room operators , authorities said . "  At about 4 a.m. , perpetrators wearing masks penetrated inside the station and tied their hands with tape , " Valery Shogenov , the hydroelectric station 's manager , told Russian state television on the backdrop of his plant still smoking . "  But the operators managed to finally free themselves from the tape and call us about the accident , " he said . While at the station , the gunmen triggered off four improvised explosive devices that destroyed two of its three hydropower generators and caused a fire in the control room . Later , investigators defused a fifth device planted by the bombers that did n't explode . Russian security officials said the same gunmen had attacked a local police station in Baksan vullage with grenade launchers shortly before storming into the power plant . "  The possible suspects have been determined now , " the Russian National Antiterrorist Committee said in a statement . "  Government bodies are keeping the situation under their control , " it said . The special crisis center of the republic 's law enforcement agencies said three to five people were behind the attack . RusHydro , the country 's power-generating company , said on its website that the fire had been extinguished , but part of the control room 's equipment is damaged and needs replacement . RusHydro also said security has been boosted at all its hydroelectric plants across Russia 's restive northern Caucasus region . Prime Minister Vladimir Putin instructed government officials to take "  speedy measures to fully restore the power plant . " The Baksan hydroelectric plant was built in 1936 . Russian media said this was the first time in the country 's history that a power plant was attacked by terrorists .	Unidentified gunmen kill two people , injure two more Attackers wearing masks storm the power station at 4 a.m. Officials : Gunmen attacked police station before power plant RusHydro says security boosted at all its hydroelectric plants
CNN  -- There are many well-known risk factors for death -- high cholesterol , smoking , obesity , and Christmas . Yes , Christmas . Several studies show you have a greater chance of dying on Christmas , the day after Christmas or New Year 's Day than any other single day of the year . This is true for people who die of natural causes , which account for 93 % of all deaths , according to the Centers for Disease Control . It 's also true , researchers say , for people who die of the five most common diseases : circulatory problems , respiratory diseases , endocrine/nutritional/metabolic problems , digestive diseases and cancer . There 's a spike in deaths for all age groups on those days with one exception -- children . David P. Phillips who was the lead author on a couple of these studies , noticed this trend when studying U.S. death certificates . Specifically , Phillips , a professor in the sociology department at UC San Diego , and his team looked at the number of people who died in emergency settings and those who were considered dead on arrival between 1979 and 2004 . They found a spike in deaths on those three days . An earlier Phillips study from 2004 found a similar trend , specifically in cardiac deaths . A more recent 2013 study in Britain found patients admitted to hospitals as emergencies on public holidays are significantly more likely to die than those admitted on other days of the week -- including weekends . Scientists still ca n't explain this phenomenon , although there are plenty of popular theories . Andrew Meacham is the obituary writer at the Tampa Bay Times and president of the Society of Professional Obituary Writers . Over the years he has noticed his workload pick up over the holidays . "  We are always getting a slew of obits this time of year , " Meacham said . "  I noticed this happened pretty regularly so I did call around to funeral directors to see if they believed there was an uptick too . " He wondered if stress or sadness had something to do with it . "  I 've written many stories about a spouse or a partner dying and then you see the remaining partner die within hour or days or weeks or months . To me there seems to be a correlation between body and mind here . " Phillips and his team looked at the number of deaths among the Alzheimer 's population , theorizing they may be less aware of the holidays and the stress it can trigger . If stress were solely to blame , he figured , their deaths would n't spike on Christmas or New Year 's . But sure enough , he found cardiac deaths were slightly higher at the holidays when Alzheimer 's was listed as a secondary cause of death . More people do die in winter months than in any other season , so Phillips looked to see if there were more deaths in the states that experience colder temperatures . That was n't the case , either . The cardiac mortality peak is slightly smaller in the states that border Canada , compared to states that border the Gulf of Mexico , he found . What about festive eating or drinking ? Phillips ' team found deaths were still up for people who were in inpatient treatment -- whose diet and alcohol consumption was strictly regulated . In fact , those who died with substance abuse listed as a secondary cause of death saw a smaller holiday peak than those who died from cardiac diseases alone . Despite popular belief , the suicide rate does n't spike at the holidays . In fact , the suicide rate in December is at its lowest -- it peaks in spring and fall . The homicide rate also goes down for the holidays . Phillips thinks the true reason that Christmas and New Year 's are a risk factor for death may actually have much more to do with access to care . People who are n't feeling well may be putting off a trip to the hospital so they can stay with their family to celebrate Christmas or New Year 's , he said . Holiday staffing at the hospital may also be to blame , he said , citing statistics from Level 1 trauma centers . "  For those deaths , the spike was even sharper , " Phillips said . "  Those are the cases where seconds make a difference and you may see a real difference between the response of a junior and senior member of staff . " He said he hopes his research could help hospitals and patients plan accordingly . If the worst does happen , resources are available . For instance , Stephanie Kohler , family services coordinator at the nonprofit Lory 's Place in St. Joseph , Michigan , said she and her staff are prepared to help families find a healthy way to deal with grief over the loss of a loved one . "  We want to make sure we are ready for any phone calls to make sure people are all right in their grief , " Kohler said . "  The holidays definitely are a harder time of year for people when this happens , especially since they are such a time steeped in tradition and family . " If you know someone who loses a loved one over the holiday , Kohler said be sure to be extra sensitive to their emotions . "  Everything can feel upside down for people . There are emotional landmines everywhere , so do n't try to force anything , " Kohler said . "  You do n't need to fill the air with words . Tell them you are ready to listen . That can be more powerful than you know . "	CDC : Natural deaths spike on Christmas , the day after and New Year 's People who work with death have noticed the phenomenon for years People who delay treatment and holiday hospital staffing may be to blame Despite popular belief , the suicide rate does n't spike at the holidays
CNN  -- If you 've got cabin fever and are looking for a cozy outing , afternoon tea is bound to hit the spot . The afternoon tea service in the Palm Court of New York 's Plaza Hotel is an elegant affair . From Seattle , Washington , to Sandwich , Massachusetts , tearooms are serving up savory treats , warm scones and delicious desserts in high style . Sales of specialty teas have quadrupled since 1990 , according to the Tea Association of the USA , and these tranquil retreats do n't skimp on the headliner . Gourmet tea lists in the United States are becoming more lengthy and sophisticated as American palettes evolve . CNN spoke with Bruce Richardson , owner of Elmwood Inn Fine Teas and tea book publisher Benjamin Press , for five tearoom recommendations : Dunbar Tea Shop , Sandwich , Massachusetts Warm up near the fireplace in this cozy wood-paneled tearoom on Cape Cod . "  This has been one of my favorite places for years , and it 's very comfortable , very English-style , " Richardson said . The menu resembles something you might find in England 's Lake District , featuring items such as a ploughman 's lunch and a smoked Scottish salmon platter . The afternoon tea with assorted finger sandwiches , a fresh-baked scone with strawberry jam and cream and a selection of desserts is served from 11 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. for $ 11.95 . Teas are priced separately . Palm Court at the Plaza Hotel , New York Before this historic hotel 's recent $ 400 million renovation , the Palm Court 's tea service had become a little dowdy , Richardson said . "  Now it 's been completely refurbished and the tea service here is probably one of the freshest in America , " he said . At $ 60 per person , it 's likely also the most expensive . New furnishings , linens and china as well as an upgraded tea selection have raised the elegant Palm Court to a new level . The tea list features several completely unblended "  single estate " teas and other premium black , green , oolong and white teas . Warm scones with double Devonshire cream and preserves are accompanied by a beautiful selection of sweets , seasonal fruit and savory dishes such as roasted lamb loin on grilled pita and peekytoe crab salad with avocado and fresh coriander on toasted brioche . The Tea Room , Savannah , Georgia Inspired by a Glasgow tearoom designed by Scottish architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh , Elizabeth Ruby set out to capture his spare organic aesthetic at The Tea Room in Savannah , Georgia . The Web site says the restaurant "  creates a gender-friendly atmosphere perfect for today 's tea generation . " The room is minimal , but the foods are not , Richardson said . Lunch items include a seafood melange and an heirloom tomato Napolean . Afternoon tea with finger sandwiches , scones , sweets and premium tea is $ 20 . St. James Tearoom , Albuquerque , New Mexico Mary Alice Higbie and her son , Daniel , run this charming tearoom where guests are tucked into intimate seating areas inspired by English spots such as Stow on the Wold , in the Cotswolds , and Magdalen , for the college in Oxford . "  In the middle of the Southwest , they have created a British storybook setting , " Richardson said . While very feminine , the business does not discriminate . "  It is fairly man-friendly to the point where a couple of times a year Daniel hosts a cigar tea , " Richardson said . The event is the only one of its kind he knows of . Saturday afternoon tea , with savories , finger sandwiches , scones and sweets is $ 28 . Queen Mary Tea Room , Seattle , Washington The Queen Mary Tea Room serves afternoon tea with an added flourish : Guests can request a tiara to wear for the occasion . Florals and lace heighten the dainty atmosphere . "  If you want to feel like a queen , this is the place to go , " Richardson said . Shepherd 's pie , curry beef pasties and smoked salmon quiche are among the items on the lunch menu . The holiday afternoon tea with fruit sorbet , scones , cookies and other sweets and savory snacks is $ 28.99 per person .	Specialty tea sales in the U.S. have quadrupled since 1990 Cape Cod 's Dunbar Tea Shop serves hearty lunches and afternoon tea The Tea Room in Savannah is inspired by Charles Rennie Mackintosh designs
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- With foreclosures and bankruptcy affecting millions of homeowners , CNN 's Larry King on Tuesday talked to several experts in the real estate industry to get advice on handling the mortgage meltdown . Barbara Corcoran says homeowners have ways of getting mortgage companies to pay attention to them . His panel on "  Larry King Live " was made up of real estate expert Barbara Corcoran , correspondent Michael Corbett , developer Jorge Perez , real estate magnate Donald Trump and financial expert Robert Kiyosaki . Larry King : Is this a good time to sell a house ? Barbara Corcoran : Of course it 's not a good time to sell a house . The question is , if you must sell a house , how do you unload it , considering the enormous competition that 's out there ? Watch the panelists respond to questions " King : Suppose you have to sell . Corcoran : There 's one way you can always sell a house in any old market . You can intentionally under-price it . If you go out to your own marketplace and intentionally under-price your home 20 percent to 25 percent less than you think it 's worth , or that a credible appraiser tells you it 's worth , you will sell that house within the week . There 's no such a thing as an unsellable house . It 's always a question of numbers . King : What 's the biggest mistake people facing foreclosure make ? Michael Corbett : The biggest mistake right now is when you get that default notice , you ignore it . People think that if they just ignore it , it will buy them more time . It 's absolutely the opposite . The first thing they should do when they get those notices is contact either the lender or go to HUD -LSB- the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development -RSB- . Get a certified counselor . There 's free counseling out there for people , because if you just go ahead and ignore these notices , they automatically trigger legal action . And that moves it faster . If you want to buy some time , call the lender , call a counselor . King : Let 's take a call from Tuscaloosa , Alabama . Caller : I have a loan with Countrywide , and they will not refinance our interest-only loan , because they say our debt-to-income ratio is too high , and their workout department wo n't even look at us because we 've never been behind on our mortgage and we 're not currently behind . It 's going to reset in August . What can we do ? Corbett : Unfortunately , a lot of the mortgage companies and the banks do n't want to talk to you . It 's very sad , until you 're actually in arrears . Their loss mitigation or their workout department , they do n't want to help you until you 're two months or three months in debt . King : Barbara has a solution . Corcoran : I have a solution , and it 's a fall-back solution , but it sure gets attention . You can make an appointment , or not make an appointment , go over there with the deed to your property and the keys to your front door and say , OK , I 've had it . Here 's my deed , here 's my keys , and you 'll get attention . One other thing , you should always put your requests by certified mail . By law , the banks do n't have to answer phone calls . But by law , they have to answer certified mail , and a lot of people do n't use it . King : We have an e-mail question from S.O.S. in California : "  I got a condo in April of 2005 for $ 500,000 . Now it 's only worth about $ 400,000 . Could I refinance it to get a better interest rate , or should I try to negotiate with the mortgage company to adjust the payment ? " Jorge Perez : I would definitely negotiate with the mortgage company . Lenders are having tremendous problems right now . They have a huge amount of REOs , real estate-owned properties , and they do not want your house or condominium . We are advising all the people that we know that have those problems to go talk to their lenders , and they will talk to their lenders . I think one of the biggest problems , nevertheless , is that a lot of people borrowed on variable rate interests when they had mortgages at 1 and 2 percent that grew up over time . And their jobs have not gotten better , and now they 're paying much higher interest rates than when they got their mortgages . And this is a big , big problem in real estate today King : We have an e-mail question from Debbie in Orlando , Florida : "  What 's a family to do if they lose their home to foreclosure ? How can they find a suitable place to live ? Are n't they going to be rejected as renters on grounds of poor credit ? " Donald Trump : This is now the time to go out and try making a deal , try buying a house . The banks are there . It 's already financed . You do n't really need the money because it 's already financed . They are already in . They are already wet . I do n't recommend renting now . I recommend now is the time to buy . Buying is much better than renting . King : Even if you 've been foreclosed ? Trump : Absolutely . You can make deals . So many people are being foreclosed . Millions and millions of people . It 's no longer got that horrible stigma . This is the time to go out and make a deal . The money has already been put in . It 's not like they are putting in new money . The money has already been put in . They own a house . They want somebody to live in that house . King : What 's your advice , Robert ? Robert Kiyosaki : Back in the '80s , I got my butt kicked in the market . That 's when interest rates were about 18 percent to 20 percent and I was trying to make deals at 18 percent to 20 percent . And it really taught me a good lesson that I had to get smarter . So when I got pounded in the late '70s and early '80s , I at that point said I better get smarter , and today , I have made millions of dollars because of a bad experience . But if you 're not -- if you do n't learn from the experience and you think the government is going to bail you out , then you 've wasted a big opportunity to learn something .	Barbara Corcoran : Under-pricing is a way to sell a home Michael Corbett : Do n't ignore mortgage default notices Jorge Perez , Donald Trump : Now 's the time to negotiate , buy a house Robert Kiyosaki : Meltdown is time to learn to not rely on bailout
CNN  -- Timo Glock faces an uncertain future in Formula One after parting company with Marussia ahead of the new season . The 30-year-old German , who was expected to partner rookie Max Chilton for the 2013 campaign , had been with the team since it began as Virgin back in 2010 . Glock made his debut for Jordan in 2004 before going on to spend two years at Toyota . But Marussia are in need of a driver who can attract sponsorship to the team , a key factor in the decision to cut ties . Domenicali : Ferrari ` right ' to retain Massa "  I have had three excellent years with the Marussia F1 Team , during which I had the chance to actively participate in building and developing the team in its endeavours to succeed within the Formula 1 World Championship , " Glock said in a statement . "  I would like to wish the team good luck in navigating this next period and thank everyone for the great times we shared and the support I have received . "  Although it is not the path I expected to be taking , I am in fact very excited about what the future holds in terms of my own career and I hope to comment on that very soon . " Team principal John Booth revealed that there were financial factors which led to Glock 's departure following the team 's failure to hang on to 10th place in the constructors ' championship . "  Timo is a fantastic driver and he has been a very popular member of the team , " he told reporters . Fangio vs. Senna : Who is the greatest "  Our team was founded on the principle of benefiting from proven experience whilst also providing opportunities for young emerging talent to progress to the pinnacle of motorsport . "  Thus far , this philosophy has also been reflected in our commercial model . The ongoing challenges facing the industry mean that we have had to take steps to secure our long-term future . "  Tough economic conditions prevail and the commercial landscape is difficult for everyone , Formula One teams included . "  We would like to thank Timo for working with us to reach this decision , especially as he had a valid contract , and also for the contribution he has made to our team . " While Glock could yet turn up at Caterham or Force India , Marussia is yet to announce a replacement for the German . Vitaly Petrov and Sebastien Buemi have both been touted , but the team is not expected to rush into an appointment .	Timo Glock and Marussia have parted company by mutual consent Financial reasons behind the decision to split Rookie Max Chilton left as Marussia 's only driver Sebastien Buemi and Vitaly Petrov both potential replacements for Glock
CNN  Wild tigers in India appear to be staging a comeback in the battle against extinction , with the country 's Environment Minister announcing a 30 % increase in the endangered species ' population since 2011 . "  Our latest estimate today is that India has 70 % of the world 's tiger population and we have now 2,226 tigers presently in 47 tiger reserves -LSB- up from 1,706 in 2011 -RSB- and this is a great achievement . It is a net increase of 30 % over the last estimation , " Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar said in a statement Monday . Researchers involved in the study , the third of its kind carried out in India , say they used advanced technology to assess the population of the big cats . Debbie Banks , head of the Tiger Campaign at the Environmental Investigation Agency , which carries out extensive research on the illegal tiger trade , welcomed news of the study , saying she looked forward to seeing the full report when it releases in March . "  I think it has set India apart from some of the other tiger range countries . If you look at China , Laos , Cambodia , Vietnam , Thailand , there 's more emphasis on tigers in captivity , farming and valuing tigers for their body parts higher than the survival of tigers in the wild , " she says to CNN . India 's once-thriving tiger population has been severely affected by poaching , a reduction in prey , habitat destruction and conflict with villagers who may occupy the same area . Although preliminary results of the government 's study are promising , Banks warns against complacency . "  While this is good news from India , I do n't think anyone is sitting back and saying ` we 've won . ' The demand within China for skins to decorate homes and bones for tiger bone wine all continue . And so it 's a constant battle . " A major challenge is also the sophistication of the tiger trade , where body parts of the animal are transported across unofficial borders , such as mountain passes . "  The criminals have changed their practice . And there 's no evidence of any enforcement there , " she says . A historical symbol of power and beauty in cultures such as India and China , the significance of the tiger goes beyond its aesthetics , Banks says . "  Tigers are major indicator of the health of the environment , certainly the health of the forest that they inhabit . But they are the water gods , if you like . They are indicators of how well we are doing to conserve forests that provide water for millions of people and mitigate climate change . "  There 's an ecosystem reason to save wild tigers . " And if today 's results are anything to go by , Banks says India appears to be leading that charge . "  India , despite all the problems it has with high human population in small areas , is totally setting the benchmark for wild tiger conservation . "	India 's Environment Minister has announced a 30 % increase in wild tigers in India since 2011 Debbie Banks from the Environmental Investigation Agency says this has "  set India apart from other tiger range countries " One of the major challenges that continues to exist , however , is the sophistication of the illegal tiger trade The significance of the tiger goes beyond its aesthetics , says Banks
Editor 's Note : Gail Cunningham is senior director of public relations for the nonprofit National Foundation for Credit Counseling  NFCC  , Inc. based in Silver Spring , Maryland , and has been in the credit counseling sector since 1987 . The NFCC says it serves more than 2 million customers through nearly 850 offices around the country . Gail Cunningham says foreclosure is more than a financial failure , it 's an emotional ordeal . CNN  -- When you sit across the desk from someone with overwhelming debt , you can sense their fear before a word is spoken . And when their home is in jeopardy , the fear fills the room . I was a credit counselor for 16 years , and quickly discovered that people in debt are very ashamed of their situation . In all my years , I never counseled anyone who was cavalier about their circumstances , or intentionally sought to dig a deep financial hole . But the shame that accompanies foreclosure tops anything I 've ever experienced . There 's something about people losing their homes that is disturbing beyond measure . Failure has become a part of their demeanor . After all , foreclosure is about more than the house , and more than the money . It 's about losing the dream , taking your children out of their school and moving your family away from their neighborhood friends . Pulling up roots is never easy , particularly when you 're forced to do so . The job of the counselor is to put the financial pieces back together , provide hope , and help move people toward a more financially stable life . Each day housing counselors pick up the phone and advocate for their client , often going to the mat with a lender to achieve the resolution option that is best suited for that individual . For example , I 'm reminded of the 46-year-old single mom 's foreclosure problem that started with a heart attack . Out of work for three months with no income and medical bills compounding her existing debt , she was headed for foreclosure . She and an NFCC certified housing counselor were able to work out a loan modification that not only kept her in her home , but also reduced her monthly mortgage payment . Housing issues are complicated , with the terms short sale , forbearance agreement , deed-in-lieu and loan modification foreign to the consumer . But such resolution options are all part of a day 's work for the housing counselor , whose goal is to determine the best long-term solution for the consumer . Their experience allows them to "  talk the talk " with the lender and often achieve the happy ending that everyone is after . Each case is individual , with outcomes as varied as the problems , but avoiding foreclosure , where appropriate , is the goal of all parties . Foreclosures happen for many reasons , some of which are beyond the borrower 's control :  Economic hardship related to job loss , reduced hours at work , medical issues or divorce ;  Unaffordable payments when a loan resets to a higher annual percentage rate ;  Buying a house that was more costly than the borrower 's income could reasonably support long-term , and  Increased cost of living , which places more demands on consumers ' budgets , forcing them to make hard choices about which debts to pay . Of course , the best foreclosure prevention tool is making an educated and informed decision when buying a home . Pre-purchase counseling is particularly useful for first-time buyers , helping them understand the full responsibility of homeownership . However , once it becomes apparent that buyers can no longer keep up with their loans , it is critical for them to reach out for help right away . Postponing dealing with the mortgage delinquency is one of the main impediments to solving the problem . Delinquent homeowners likely will receive a Notice to Cure Default that lists HUD housing counselors they can contact , as well as hardship program options . They should seek help at once . Many resolution options such as a short sale -- in which the home is sold for less than the remaining mortgage amount and the lender accepts at least part of the loss -- are only open to those who have not dug a deep financial hole . These solutions do not preserve homeownership , but they are less damaging to the consumer 's credit history , and depending on their structure , could possibly allow the consumer to leave the home owing little or nothing at all . When homeowners in trouble reach out to lenders , few know that they need to speak to the loss mitigation department , and not the collection area . Once contact is made , buyers should be sure to keep records . Keep a log of the date and time of each call , the person with whom you speak , and the content of the conversation . Ask questions and restate to make sure you are understanding information . Without accurate documentation , any dispute could turn into a "  he-said/she-said " with the homeowner being the loser . Do n't expect a quick answer . Follow up with your mortgage company to make sure any paperwork you sent was received and logged . In many cases , getting a yes or a no can take weeks , and weeks can feel like years when saving your home is involved . As I write this , it seems as though new proposals to help consumers avoid foreclosure appear daily . Whether it is actions by Fannie Mae , the FDIC or the lenders themselves , solving the mortgage crisis is recognized as an essential component to getting the economy back on track . Any resolution is likely to be as complex as the problem itself . Exotic loan products , combined with making them secure , are far different from yesteryear when we went to our community bank and took out a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage that it held the full term . Homeownership can still be the American dream , but only under the right circumstances . Lenders are returning to more traditional lending standards , and with good reason . Buyers are realizing that what seems too good to be true is often exactly that . America will find solid footing , but until then , many feel as though their home was built on shifting sands . Let 's redefine financial success , and this time have it represent living within your means , being able to pay bills in full when the statement arrives , understanding the terms of a loan or credit card , knowing that there are things more important than hocking your financial peace of mind for a larger house or shinier car . In other words , let 's begin living the true American dream , one of financial responsibility that is celebrated by all . It 's a dream we can make come true , one household at a time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gail Cunningham .	Gail Cunningham : Foreclosure is an emotional process for families Credit counselors can help homeowners get modified payment terms , she says Cunningham : Families need to budget realistically and cut spending She says financial responsibility is a dream people can achieve
CNN  -- Family , food and faith have guided Kylie Kwong to where she is today . The 41-year-old chef has been cooking up a storm with her TV shows and restaurant for over a decade , adding a dash of color and flavor to Australia 's cultural life . A third generation Chinese who grew up in the suburbs of Sydney in the 1970s , Kwong left High School to work for an advertising agency . She soon realized , however , that making people feel bad in order to make them buy things they did n't want was n't for her . Making people happy through good food was much more appealing . After leaving the advertising industry she worked part-time for a caterer where she saw a way to combine the love of cooking she inherited from her mother with a growing interest in creating her own business . She opened her first restaurant "  Billy Kwong " 10 years ago and it has since become a fixture on the Sydney restaurant scene . "  When I opened the goal was very simple . I wanted to fill it every night and serve really fantastic , amazing , fresh Chinese food out of this funny little arty place , " she told CNN . "  And I love running a business . It 's so challenging . And I love what it brings out of you . You find these hidden strengths you find that you did n't know you had . " Since then Kwong has developed a larger profile through her cooking shows and recipe books . She also let cameras follow her to southern China and the village where her great grandfather once lived ; the first time a member of Kwong 's immediate family had been there in 90 years . It was a world apart from the suburban Australia that Kwong knew . Coming from the only Chinese family in her suburb , Kwong says she always felt different from other children . "  I certainly felt different when I 'd go to school and open the lunch box and there I 'd have last night 's rice and soy sauce chicken wings and my friend had the Vegemite sandwiches , " she told CNN . "  And that point it was very good to be different because our food was so much more interesting . Yes , I felt different , yes , my brothers felt different . But it really did n't affect us negatively at all . " In touch with her roots and a vast extended family  family reunions number in the hundreds  Kwong is also a practicing Buddhist who cooked for the Dalai Lama when he visited Australia in 2009 . "  It was one of the great weeks of my life . I still ca n't believe that it actually happened . We spent all week with him backstage in Sydney , " she said . "  His practice just really encouraged me to keep practicing and doing what we 're doing , and to always try harder and harder in everything we do . And to know every single thing that we feel , or think , or do , makes a really big difference . "	Kylie Kwong is an Australian TV chef and restaurateur Grew up in Sydney suburbs and opened her restaurant in 2000 Practicing Buddhist she cooked for the Dalai Lama in 2009
The Carolina Panthers ' Cam Newton does not appear to be at fault in a Charlotte , North Carolina , wreck , according to a police report released a few hours before the star quarterback was discharged from a hospital Wednesday . The driver of the car that flipped Newton 's truck told police he did n't see the truck before colliding with its driver 's - side rear wheel , according to the report . Two witnesses , one who was traveling behind Newton 's Dodge truck and one who was behind the Buick sedan that struck Newton , told police that the other driver -- identified as a Fort Mill , South Carolina , 46-year-old -- pulled out in front of Newton as he was on his way to the Panthers ' facility . "  Newton  advised that he tried to maneuver to avoid the collision but  was  unsuccessful . As a result of the collision ,  his vehicle  rolled over , " the report said . The speed limit was 35 mph on the street where Newton was traveling , and Newton was driving the speed limit when he was hit , according to the report . Newton suffered two horizontal fractures in his back in the wreck , the Panthers said in a statement Tuesday . He will be sidelined for Sunday 's game after spending parts of Tuesday and Wednesday in the hospital . The quarterback was released from the hospital Wednesday , team spokesman Charlie Dayton told CNN . "  Cam Newton has soreness but is in good spirits . He 's excited to be discharged and begin recuperating with family , " the team tweeted . On Wednesday night Newton posted a picture of his truck on Facebook and wrote a message to his fans , thanking God for watching over him and telling his supporters to forgive grudges and tell others how much you care for them . He said he is replaying the accident in his mind "  every time I close my eyes . " "  I do not know where to begin because by the look of that picture soMEone is supposed to be dead or severely injured worse than what I am right now ! " he wrote . "  While I am resting up the thought that keeps flashing in my mind is that GOD IS GOOD and someone has there protective hands on my life shielding me from any danger that may come my way ! " He added : " Thank you to the people who have been keeping me in there prayers and well wishes for a speedy recovery ! " The injury was to Newton 's transverse process , a small bone that extends from each vertebra in the back . There were no other internal injuries , the team said . "  It 's not the kind of injury that affects the spine or the nerves so it 's a matter of when the pain settles down enough so he can play , " said Dr. Kenneth Mautner , a sports medicine specialist at Emory University in Atlanta . He is not involved in Newton 's case . The injury is treated similarly to a rib injury . Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo had the same injury earlier this season , he said . Romo missed one game . Mautner said doctors will advise rest and recuperation and likely recommend Newton not practice for two days or longer . It can take one to three weeks for a patient to deal with the pain from the fractures , Mautner said . Newton shot to fame in 2010 , leading the Auburn Tigers to an undefeated national championship season . He went on to win the Heisman Trophy , given to the best player in college football , and was drafted No. 1 by the Panthers in 2011 , making him the first player to accomplish all three feats in the same year . After signing a four-year , $ 22 million deal with the Panthers in 2011 , the Atlanta native showed his prowess as both a passer and a rusher , racking up more than 4,000 yards throwing and more than 700 yards running , snaring Rookie of the Year honors . This year , with both Newton and his team beset by injuries , he has put up less impressive numbers , and the Panthers are 4-8-1 going into this weekend 's games . He arguably had his best game of the season Sunday against the division rival New Orleans Saints , throwing three touchdown passes and rushing for another . For that effort , he was named his conference 's offensive player of the week . Despite their dismal record , the Panthers are still in the playoff hunt because of the weak competition in the NFC South . They are set to play another division rival , the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , on Sunday . Backup quarterback Derek Anderson told reporters Wednesday he 'd be starting against the Bucs , but it would n't affect how he prepared for Sunday . He 's ready for the challenge , he said , and he looks forward to Newton 's return . "  Obviously , he 's our leader , and last week , the way he played -- I thought he played awesome , " he said . "  If he could be out there , he 'd be out there . " Coach Ron Rivera said Newton wanted to play , but he was n't sure when Newton would return . "  As we go forward , we 'll see how he is next week , " Rivera said . "  We do not want to expose him in any fashion to any further harm . "	Newton thanks fans for support , says God was protecting him from serious injury during crash Police report says driver of car that hit Newton says he did n't see Newton 's truck Newton suffered two fractures in his back after wreck in uptown Charlotte on Tuesday Backup quarterback Derek Anderson will start in place of Cam Newton , coach says
CNN  -- Up to 30,000 people are expected to gather in Cheongpyeong , South Korea , on Saturday for the funeral of the Rev. Sun Myung Moon , the controversial founder of the Unification Church who died this month . The ceremony , at the church-built Cheongshim Peace World Center , will take place after nearly two weeks of mourning . During this period , an estimated 180,000 people visited the mortuary where his body has been put on display to pay their respects , church official Ryu In-yong told CNN . Prayers , singing , floral tributes and eulogies are expected as the remains of Moon arrive at the arena . After a two-hour ceremony , he will be laid to rest on Mount Cheonseong in the northern South Korean province of Gyeonggi -- known as the "  holy land " of the church . The 92-year-old died on September 3 after complications related to pneumonia . He had been in intensive care in a Seoul hospital since August after he fell ill , church spokesman Ahn Ho-yeol told CNN at the time . Moon had been a high-profile international evangelist for decades , having said that Jesus Christ came to him in the 1930s and "  told him to finish  Jesus '  mission , " according to James Beverley , a professor at the Tyndale University College and Seminary in Toronto . See more religion news on CNN 's Belief Blog The Unification Church believes that Jesus was divine but that he is not God , a stance that puts it outside the bounds of traditional Christianity . Followers regard Moon as the messiah . His church officially started in the 1950s , with missionaries being dispatched around the world by the end of that decade . His was one of several religious movements that emerged after World War II and the Korean War in South Korea and Japan , drawing from "  a tremendous pool of people ... looking for answers as to why the world had turned  against them  , " said Virginia Commonwealth University professor David Bromley . Moon was imprisoned in North Korea during the Korean War before being freed by the allies , an experience that turned him "  virulently anti-communist , " according to Eileen Barker , a professor at the London School of Economics and Political Science . Globally , the church 's reach may have peaked in the 1970s and early 1980s , as hundreds of thousands joined the singular religious movement , Beverley said . Critics have said the controversial Moon led a cult , whose followers were colloquially known as Moonies . TIME : The life and times of Reverend Moon In his role as church leader , Moon became famous for conducting mass weddings , including one in 1982 at New York City 's Madison Square Garden and one in 1995 in South Korea uniting 360,000 couples . He also gained influence in other ways as well -- growing a massive , diverse business empire that included holdings in industries such as chemicals , arms manufacturing , mining and pharmaceuticals . Moon helped create news publications , universities , religious institutions and other groups . Some such organizations that Moon founded stress interfaith dialogue and peace , like the Universal Peace Federation , which advocates "  building a world of peace in which everyone can live in freedom , harmony , cooperation and prosperity . " But Moon also fell afoul of the law , serving a federal prison term in the United States for tax evasion . From 2003 to 2005 , Britain 's government also prohibited him from traveling to that country , according to a U.S. State Department report .	Ceremony in Cheongpyeong , South Korea , will take place Saturday Prayers , singing , floral tributes , eulogies expected as Moon 's remains arrive at an arena Moon , 92 , died on September 3 after complications related to pneumonia The Unification Church founder had been a high-profile evangelist for decades
Washington  CNN  -- Justice Department civil rights prosecutors have concluded there was no wrongdoing in an FBI agent 's shooting of Ibragim Todashev , an associate of the alleged mastermind of the Boston Marathon bombing who was killed in a scuffle with agents during questioning , U.S. law enforcement officials familiar with the investigation said . The finding concurs with an FBI internal review of the shooting , which supported the agent 's account . It also matches what the Florida state attorney for Orange and Osceola counties has found in his investigation . Evidence reviewed includes photos of the agent showing his injuries , the officials said . The federal review is expected to be released next week , alongside the review by the state investigators . The Justice Department 's civil rights division routinely does "  color of law " reviews of such shootings to look into whether there are any civil rights violations by federal agents . The shooting occurred on May 22 , 2013 , as Massachusetts state troopers , accompanied by FBI agents , questioned Todashev , 27 , in his apartment in an Orlando suburb , according to U.S. law enforcement officials . Massachusetts investigators were pursuing information about a grisly 2011 triple murder that they thought could have been tied to Todashev and Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who allegedly carried out the deadly bombing last April with his younger brother , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed as he and his brother confronted police in the days after the bombing . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was later arrested and jailed . He 's awaiting trial . Todashev 's shooting has raised questions about the FBI 's handling of the matter , because any evidence he could have provided is now lost . Todashev 's family has disputed that he posed any threat to the law enforcement officers and agents in his apartment . "  My son was definitely unarmed , because he never had a gun , " his father , Abdulbaki Todashev , told CNN in Moscow in a June 2013 interview . "  He could n't attack them or fight them ; he could n't do anything because even two men could easily handle him . " U.S. law enforcement officials said Todashev made statements implicating himself and Tamerlan Tsarnaev in the murders . The FBI had interviewed Todashev before about the Marathon bombing because he was a friend who , like Tamerlan Tsarnaev , trained in martial arts , and the two were friends . He was cooperative , and the FBI did n't consider him to be involved . The subsequent questioning came at the request of Massachusetts investigators who had begun taking a new look at the killings outside of Boston in Waltham , Massachusetts . After several hours of questioning , U.S. law enforcement officials said he lunged at the agent .	Ibragim Todashev knew the alleged Boston Marathon bombings mastermind He was killed in Florida in May 2013 while being questioned about a triple homicide An FBI agent shot him ; U.S. law enforcement officials say he lunged at the agent Todashev 's family has disputed that he posed any threat to law enforcement
Breathtaking scenery , championship design -- many of the courses dropped into the Canadian Rockies are among the most memorable in the world . Centered in the province of Alberta and heading north from Calgary , you can find several must-play courses that inspire awe , and might even improve your game -- the elevation and thin mountain air can add an easy 10 yards to your drives . These courses are situated in the valleys that hug this northern stretch of the Rockies , with massive peaks rising up around you . The Fairmont Banff Springs Golf Course Located within Banff National Park , this course is a natural panoramic wonder that 's both challenging and captivating . Surrounding mountain cliffs stare down on you on nearly every green of the championship course . The original 18 holes were designed by Canada 's master golf architect , Stanley Thompson , back in 1928 . With a judicious use of bunkers and a layout that hugs the winding Bow River , it 's a course that thrills amateurs and professionals alike . The Tunnel Mountain nine-hole course added in 1989 allows you to get in an early game and still enjoy the wide array of outdoor activities in the area , like a raft trip down to nearby Canmore , where more magnificent courses await . The Fairmont Banff Springs , 405 Spray Ave. , Banff , Alberta ; +1 4037622211 Silvertip Resort Located on the "  sunny " side of the Bow Valley , this course brings you as close to wildlife as you 'll get -- at least while holding a golf club . Between two wildlife corridors , the course has been certified as an "  Audubon Cooperative Sanctuary " for its conservation and preservation practices . The par 72 sports 600 feet of elevation change and is the only course in the area on the south-facing side of the mountains -- so you can tee off later and enjoy longer days on the links . The clubhouse deck offers one of the most spectacular views in golf and offers front row seats overlooking the 18th , so you get to be judge , jury and commentator as your fellow golfers display their downhill skills on an extremely steep par 4 . Silvertip Resort , 2000 Silvertip Trail , Canmore , Alberta ; +1 4036781600 Stewart Creek Golf Club Built on an abandoned coal mine , this may be the area 's most rugged and rewarding championship course . On the eastern slopes of the mountain range near Canmore , it 's a 15-minute drive from Banff and consistently ranked with 4.5 stars by "  Golf Digest . " A massive , eye-catching three-peak wall known as The Three Sisters hovers over the property and makes for stellar selfies . In a nod to its proud past , this reclaimed masterpiece incorporates a number of refurbished mine entrances that add authenticity , and places to hide from the rain . While the mine shafts that still run beneath the fairways have been reinforced , the steep tees and vanishing fairways may leave you feeling a bit shaky -- all the more reason to make sure you get some "  beautiful shots " of the photographic kind . Stewart Creek Golf Club , 4100 Stewart Creek Drive , Canmore , Alberta ; +1 4036096099 The Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge Another Stanley Thompson creation , this course is considered his greatest work . Having designed or reworked more than 100 courses in his native Canada , the Jasper showcases his trademark features : scruffy-edged bunkers , mounded fairways and daring par threes . Fairways here are carved out of the forest , with attention paid to the natural contours of the mountains . An 18-hole , par-71 course , it has elevated tee boxes with views that soak in the surrounding mountain peaks . The 14th tee is the crown jewel . Overlooking a pristine green lake , it 's both inviting and exhilarating , requiring a gutsy drive over water and through some well-placed pine trees . Accept the challenge and you 'll be rewarded with a rare bunker-less green that 's defended by only the natural slope of the land . Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge , Old Lodge Road , Jasper , Alberta ; +1 7808523301 Canmore Golf and Curling Club Conveniently situated in the heart of an alpine village , this easily accessible course has deep roots in a proud mountain community . Constructed and funded solely by the residents of Canmore , it 's a public space that embraces visitors with its natural beauty and hospitality . The surrounding snow-capped peaks serve as reminders that this is still Canada . And though they love their golf in Canmore , when the greens are inevitably blanketed with ice and snow , people around here turn to another sport to test their patience and precision : curling . Like golf , curling can be mystifying to those who 've never tried it , yet magical to those who 'll never leave it . Canmore Golf and Curling Club , 2000 8 Ave. , Canmore , Alberta ; +1 8886784785 / +1 4036784785	Built on an abandoned coal mine , Stewart Creek Golf and Country Club is one of the area 's most rugged and rewarding courses Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge showcases scruffy-edged bunkers , mounded fairways and daring par threes Residents of Canmore constructed and funded the golf and curling club
CNN  -- The United Nations will investigate claims by the government and rebels that either side used chemical weapons against each other in the Syrian conflict . The United Kingdom and France have also put in requests with the U.N. to investigate the alleged use of such weapons in three cases . U.S. President Barack Obama and other American officials have said in recent days there was no intelligence to substantiate reports that rebels used chemical weapons against government troops . Now analysts are also "  leaning hard away " from the notion that Syria used chemical weapons against its own people , a U.S. military official directly familiar with the preliminary analysis told CNN . That official told CNN "  there are strong indications now that chemical weapons were not used by the regime in recent days . " The official would not detail the indications . The officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity , were not authorized to publicly release details of the intelligence analysis . Game-changer : Syria 's ` probability ' of using chemical warfare Syria claimed rebels used chemical weapons in an attack Tuesday in Khan al-Asal in the northern province of Aleppo . State-run media blamed rebels for the attack , which it said killed 25 people and injured more than 110 others . Rebels , meanwhile , accused government forces of a chemical weapons attack on the rural Damascus suburb of Ateibeh . An analysis of video of hospitalized Syrians released by state-run TV suggests people are not suffering from a chemical weapons attack , nor are they being treated as though they were in such an attack , the U.S. military official said . "  The actions in the video do n't match up to a chemical weapons response , " the official said , adding that Syrian hospitals may have a shortage of the supplies that would be expected to be used in such an attack . Analysts believe it 's possible people in the video were deliberately exposed to a "  caustic " agent such as chlorine . But that would not be the same as using a chemical weapons as defined by international treaties , such as a nerve or blister agent . "  Something went down , but it was short of a chemical weapon , " a senior State Department official told CNN . The official was speaking on condition of anonymity for the same reason as the other two officials . NATO and U.S. radar or satellite intelligence also do not indicate there was a launch of a missile at the time Syrians say the alleged attack occurred , according to the military official . "  The fact that it 's not a weapon does n't mean it 's not some creative use of a caustic agent , " the official said . Israeli minister : It 's clear that chemical weapons were used in Syria ` Unfettered access ' The news came as U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called for full cooperation from all sides , saying the investigation would begin as soon as "  practically possible . " He also stressed the investigation must include "  unfettered access , " something that has not been possible in some previous attempts to investigate claims of violence . Ban 's promise of an investigation into the claims followed a formal , written request by al-Assad 's government for an independent investigation . While Ban told reporters at the United Nations he was aware of the rebel claims of a chemical weapons attack by the government , he did not say whether those claims will also be investigated . A senior administration official , traveling with Obama in Israel , told reporters the United States supports a U.N. investigation but said that it should include allegations by the Syrian government and the rebels . "  We believe very strongly that that investigation needs to address all allegations of chemical weapons use . Not be limited to any one allegation , " said the official , who also spoke on condition of anonymity for the same reason as the others . The United States , meanwhile , continues to monitor Syria 's chemical weapons very closely , the official said . Analysts believe the Syrian government may have one of the largest stockpiles of chemical weapons in the world . Specifically , the supply is believed to include sarin , mustard and VX gases , which are banned under international law . Syria has denied the allegation . The Chemical Weapons Convention prohibits the production , stockpiling and use of chemical and biological weapons . Syria is not one of the 188 signatories to the convention . In recent months , reports have repeatedly surfaced that Syrian forces moved some of the chemical weapons inventories possibly because of deteriorating security in the country , raising fears the stockpile could fall into the hands of al Qaeda-linked groups working with the opposition should al-Assad 's government fall . As a result , the United States has been talking with neighboring countries about the steps needed to secure the weapons should al-Assad be forced from office . Cleric killed In the latest violence to hit the country Friday , at least 100 people were killed in incidents across the country , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . On Thursday a suicide bomber struck one of the main mosques in Damascus , killing a top Sunni cleric and longtime al-Assad supporter , Syrian state-run media . Mohammad Said Ramadan al-Bouti was teaching religious class at the mosque when he was killed during the blast , state-run media reported . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , but al-Bouti is hated among rebels for his support of al-Assad . In one of his final sermons at the Umayyad , or Great Mosque , of Damascus , al-Bouti called on Syrians to stand by the government and condemned rebels as "  terrorists . " As has become common in violent attacks that kill civilians , the government and the opposition accused one another of being behind the attack . The LCC said the area where the mosque sits is near al-Assad 's party headquarters . "  The whole area was under the full control of the regime forces with much military reinforcement , " the LCC said . The government , meanwhile , accused rebels of being behind the attack . Sunni Arabs make up the majority of Syria 's population and are dominant in the opposition , but some support the government , controlled by Alawites -- an offshoot of Shiitism . More than 70,000 people have died in Syria since unrest began two years ago , the United Nations has said . Syria 's chemical weapon potential : What is it , and what are the health risks ? CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Elise Labott , Richard Roth , Jason Hanna , Josh Levs , Joe Sterling , and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	The opposition blames the government for killing the cleric who supported it The United Nations is launching an investigation into the claims at the behest of Syria The Syrian government is accusing rebels of using chemical weapons in an attack Rebels say the Syrian government used such weapons on its own people
CNN  -- Manchester United ended 10-man Chelsea 's hopes of winning a trophy this season with a 2-1 home victory that put Alex Ferguson 's side into the semifinals of the Champions League for the fourth time in five seasons . A goal in each half from Javier Hernandez and Park Ji-Sung ensured a 3-1 aggregate win for the English Premier League leaders , who beat Chelsea in the 2008 final on penalties in Moscow . United will next face either defending European champions Inter Milan or Schalke , who hold a 5-2 lead ahead of Wednesday 's second leg in Germany . The future of Chelsea coach Carlo Ancelotti is now in considerable doubt after a disappointing season which has seen the London side 's domestic title reign realistically over with seven games to play . Ancelotti in troubled waters at the Bridge The Italian raised eyebrows when he chose to start misfiring $ 80 million signing Fernando Torres up front with Nicolas Anelka and Florent Malouda flanking him , leaving former spearhead Didier Drogba on the bench . The Ivory Coast striker made an immediate impact after replacing Torres at halftime , and got Chelsea back into the match soon after Ramires ' 70th-minute sending-off -- only for poor defending to allow United to regain a two-goal overall lead straight away . "  A lot of people thought Drogba would play , " Ferguson told reporters . "  I thought having signed Torres for the money they did they had to play him . I was n't 100 % sure but I could n't see how they could leave Torres out . " Ancelotti admitted he might have made a mistake in starting the Spain striker , who has not scored since leaving Liverpool at the end of January . "  Maybe . Could be . I told you a lot of times this season I wanted to start with Fernando for this kind of game , these type of tactics , " the former AC Milan coach said . "  Didier played well in the second half . I wanted to put more pressure up front because we needed to score . Didier was fresh and he could use his power up front . This was the reason I took out Fernando . " The home side , having survived some early scares , thought they had scored in the 27th minute when Hernandez stole in at the near post to head home Wayne Rooney 's cross , but the Mexico international strayed marginally offside . The breakthrough came two minutes before halftime as veteran Ryan Giggs combined well with John O'Shea to burst into the right side of the penalty area and slide a pinpoint low cross with his favored left foot to an unmarked Hernandez at the far post . Messi record as Barcelona go through Ancelotti replaced Anelka , the club 's top scorer in Europe this season , with Salomon Kalou after an hour but United could have gone further ahead as goalkeeper Petr Cech did well to keep out a low shot from Nani and then Giggs aimed a weak header after more good work by Rooney . Ramires , who was denied a penalty in injury-time in the first leg at Stamford Bridge last week , received his second yellow card after a tackle from behind on Nani . The first , also for a foul on the Portugal midfielder in the opening half , had already meant the Brazil midfielder would have been suspended for the first leg of the semifinal if Chelsea had progressed . With Nani replaced by Antonio Valencia in the 75th minute , Chelsea took advantage to level on the night as Michael Essien picked out Drogba with a lofted through pass and the 33-year-old chested the ball down and fired a low shot past Edwin van der Sar . Rooney gives Manchester United the edge But Chelsea 's excitement lasted less than 30 seconds as United surged forward , with Rooney and Giggs combining to set up hard-working South Korean midfielder Park -- who slotted in a low left-foot shot . It was the 37-year-old Giggs ' third assist of the quarterfinal , having also set up Rooney 's first-leg winner . The win kept United , the European runners-up in 2009 , on course for a treble this season ahead of Saturday 's FA Cup semifinal against local rivals Manchester City .	Manchester United win all-English semifinal 3-1 on aggregate after home victory Javier Hernandez and Park Ji-Sung score either side of Didier Drogba 's equalizer Veteran Ryan Giggs sets up both United goals to add to his first-leg assist Chelsea coach Carlo Ancelotti faces the sack as last chance of silverware ends
CNN  -- Gordon Gekko-inspired suspenders may have faded from Wall Street and lunch is n't for wimps anymore , but if there 's one thing that has n't changed in the last two decades it 's this : greed is good . With his new film director Oliver Stone is back to exposing financial chicanery , this time showcasing how complex and unfettered the system has become since his 1987 hit film "  Wall Street . " What did he find when he returned to the scene after more than two decades ? After years of bank deregulation , Wall Street "  got ridiculous , and I mean it 's insane . It became a financial casino , " he told CNN . That outrageous environment serves as the backdrop for "  Wall Street 2 : Money Never Sleeps , " a follow-up film which , amid massive bank bailouts , sweeping financial reform in Washington and investigations into the practices of Wall Street 's leading firms , could n't be more timely . In the movie , Michael Douglas reprises the role of corporate shark Gordon Gekko . Fresh out of prison , he finds himself in a new financial era dominated by complex products and securities . "  Money Never Sleeps , " which is slated for release in September , is a "  bookend " rather than a sequel , to the 1987 film , Stone says . Stone , whose father worked on Wall Street as a broker , set out to tell a morality tale about excess in the original film , with Gekko positioned as the bad guy . But judging by the recent financial crisis , not many Wall Streeters took Stone 's message to heart . Instead of being seen as a villain in the 1980s , Gekko became a paragon of success for a generation of traders and business school graduates . Douglas , who won a Best Actor Oscar for the first "  Wall Street , " said he 's always surprised at the reaction MBA students have to Gekko , the suspender-sporting character out to win at all costs . "  They would come up to me and say , ` Hey Gordon , he 's the man , ' " he told CNN at Cannes , where the film premiered earlier this month . "  And probably a lot of those guys ... are heading up investing banking companies now , " he said . In the follow up film , Gekko is looking to get back into the Wall Street game and finds a way through his estranged daughter 's boyfriend , a young investment banker played by Shia LaBeouf . Joining the cast , which includes Susan Sarandon and Josh Brolin , was like "  stepping into a cage of lions , " LaBeouf said . "  I felt like an underdog coming onto this set . I 'm the ` Transformers , ' kid . It 's just like , it 's daunting . " LaBeouf and Carey Mulligan , who plays Gekko 's daughter , play a young couple with ideals .  The couple has also been linked together offscreen .  But their integrity is tested and "  everybody has double motives , " Stone said . A director known for offering provocative viewpoints , particularly in political films like "  W , " "  JFK " and "  Nixon " -- his next film , "  South of the Border , " is about Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez -- Stone initially was n't interested in telling another story about Wall Street . When the producer of the original film and 20th Century Fox made a deal for a follow up film , Stone was n't on board . "  I did n't event want to do a sequel and I turned them down , " he said . What changed ? The financial meltdown of 2008 , which unleashed the worst crisis since the Great Depression and caused the economy to suffer in Stone 's words , a "  triple bypass heart attack . " The financial crisis "  was an event of monumental importance socially , economically , for the United States , " he said . "  It was n't a perfect storm , it was a systematic breakdown that was due because it 's the way the system is run . " While the director certainly harbors strong feelings about the financial system , he also had his fun with the film . He appears briefly , as does Charlie Sheen , who played Gekko 's protg Bud Fox in the first film . "  I was having fun , you have to have fun , " Stone said . Just like the original "  Wall Street , " "  you have to take this with a grain of salt because it 's so depressing otherwise . " Mulligan says the film is first and foremost an entertaining story . "  It 's really about people enjoying it as a movie , " she told CNN . "  Because it 's not just a lesson in finance , it 's love stories and rivalries and a brilliant villain in the middle of it . "	"  Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps " is the follow up Oliver Stone 's 1987 hit film "  Wall Street " Stone discovered a "  ridiculous " and "  insane " system in Wall Street when making the sequel Michael Douglas reprises his role as corporate raider Gordon Gekko Shia LaBeouf plays the role of a young , ideal investment banker
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. Coast Guard planes and ships were searching Friday for a Japanese balloonist who disappeared off the Alaska coast while flying from Japan to the west coast United States . Missing Japanese balloonist Michio Kanda  R  with Naoki Ishikawa . Friends of balloonist Michio Kanda , who was on a solo flight , last heard from him via satellite phone at 9 a.m. Alaska time  6 p.m. GMT  Thursday , said USCG Petty Officer Levi Read . When he missed three subsequent scheduled calls over the next six hours , they called the Coast Guard , Read said . Read said two Coast Guard C130 Hercules planes conducted searches Thursday 435 miles south of Adak , Alaska , the balloonist 's last known position . The searches continued Friday and are ongoing , Read said . Two Coast Guard cutters are also headed for the area , but both are at least a day away , he said . Read said the balloonist , who was heading for Portland , Oregon , is equipped with provisions and a survival suit . Kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight , with a time of 50 hours and 38 minutes , according to the World Air Sports Federation . In that January 1997 flight , he and Hirosuke Takezawa flew from the Canadian provionce of Alberta to the U.S. state of Montana , according to the federation . E-mail to a friend	Balloonist Michio Kanda missing on flight from Japan to U.S. U.S. Coast Guard searching area around his last known position Kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight
CNN  -- Will you be any worse off the moment humans cease to speak in Aragonese ? How about Navajo , or Ojibwa ? Or Koro , a language only just discovered in a tiny corner of northeast India ? No , you probably would n't , not in that moment . But humanity would be . Science , art and culture would be . If , as the phrase goes , another language equals another soul , then some 3,054 souls -- 50 % of the world 's total languages -- are set to die out by 2100 . Mashable.com : Kindle Espanol : Amazon launches Spanish-language ebook store If there is hope , it lies in the world 's centers of information -- such as Google . The search giant 's philanthropic arm , Google.org , has launched the Endangered Language project , a website devoted to preserving those ancient tongues that are now only spoken by a few thousand of us . Mashable.com : How technology is speeding up humanitarian response The site , launched early Thursday , features videos and an interactive map . The curious can click on any one of the dots that hang over each country  including a suprising number in the U.S.  , each representing a whole language . You can hear the heartbreaking , beautiful sound of Koro being sung , or read 18th-century manuscripts written in a nearly-dead Native American tongue . "  Documenting the 3,000 + languages that are on the verge of extinction is an important step in preserving cultural diversity , " write project managers Clara Rivera Rodriguez and Jason Rissman . Mashable.com : 5 startups infusing social good with innovation The idea is to unite a lot of smaller preservation efforts under the Google.org banner . "  By bridging independent efforts from around the world we hope to make an important advancement in confronting language endangerment , " said Rodriguez and Rissman . "  We hope you 'll join us . " Check out the project 's video on Mashable.com .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Some 50 % of the world 's total languages may die out by the year 2100 Google on Thursday launched a website devoted to language preservation The interactive site allows users to hear and ` read ' endangered languages Uniting smaller preservation efforts under Google may speed up preservation
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- A militant Islamist group claimed responsibility Monday for bombings the day before that the Nigerian Red Cross said left 50 people dead at three Christian churches in Nigeria . Boko Haram said the attacks Sunday in the Nigerian cities of Zaria and Kaduna were retaliation on Christians for destroying mosques and , according to the group , turning others into "  beer parlour and prostitution joints . " "  Let them know that now it 's the time for revenge God willing , " the group said in a statement . "  From now on , they either follow the right religion or there will be no peace for them . " Government and Red Cross figures on the death toll in Sunday 's attacks differed . However , the bombings at two churches and a third in Kaduna left at least 50 people dead and 131 wounded according to the Red Cross . Kaduna state officials loosened a 24-hour curfew imposed after the attacks , saying people could be on the streets from 2 to 6 p.m. However , resident Anthony Majindadi said most people were staying indoors and his area still looked like a ghost town . The series of attacks began when a suicide bomber drove at high speed through a barricade at the EWCA Goodnews Wusasa Zaria church around 9 a.m. , congregation member Lucy Bello said . A Kaduna state official , who asked to remain anonymous because he was not authorized to speak to the media , said that blast killed at least 24 people and injured 125 . The Nigerian Red Cross Society , however , reported that two people died and 22 were injured in the attack . Within minutes , another explosion occurred at the Christ the King Catholic Church in Zaria , according to Nigeria 's National Emergency Management Agency . At least 10 people died and more than 50 were injured in that attack , the state government official said . Again , the Nigerian Red Cross Society offered a conflicting report , saying 16 people died and 31 were injured in the attack . Later , at least 10 people died in a bombing at a church in the city of Kaduna , Red Cross spokesman Andronicus Adeyemo said . The Red Cross said 32 people died and 78 were injured in the third blast and ensuing reprisal attacks by Christians on Muslims . Christian youths in Zaria and Kaduna burned mosques and property belonging to Muslims , according to the Vanguard newspaper in Nigeria . Military forces patrolled the streets Sunday in an effort to control retaliatory violence , the Vanguard reported . Kaduna state spokesman Reuben Buhari asked residents Monday to remain calm and cooperate with security forces . The bombings are the latest in a string of violence directed at Nigerian churches . A week ago , a car bomb killed five people during services at a church in Jos , also in northern Nigeria . Angry crowds wielding makeshift clubs fought with police after chasing security forces away from the destroyed church . Three more people died in the clashes . And two weeks ago , two church bombings in the region killed at least 15 people . Boko Haram has previously carried out attacks , including at churches , according to government officials . The group , whose name means "  Western education is forbidden , " has referred to itself as the "  Nigerian Taliban . " It seeks to overthrow the government and replace it with a regime based on Islamic law . CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers and Nana Karikari-apau and journalist Safiya Akau contributed to this report .	Militant Islamic group says it 's behind three attacks Sunday in cities of Zaria and Kaduna The attacks and retaliatory violence left at least 50 people dead , Red Cross says Boko Haram says the bombings were retaliation for attacks on mosques
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Three prominent tribal leaders , including the head of Saddam Hussein 's Sunni tribe and two others who had been working for national reconciliation , were killed over the past 24 hours in northern Iraq . Sunnis visit Saddam Hussein 's grave in 2007 . The man who took Hussein 's body for burial was killed Tuesday . A bomb on Tuesday killed Sheikh Ali al-Nida , head of the al-Bou Nasir tribe , which includes Hussein 's family , according to an official from Salaheddin province . The sheikh was traveling from Ouja , Hussein 's hometown , toward Tikrit when an explosive attached to his sport utility vehicle detonated . He and his driver were killed , and two bodyguards were critically wounded . Al-Nida was leader in Ouja of the Awakening Council , an American-backed group of former insurgents or their supporters . In December 2006 , al-Nida flew to Baghdad and picked up Hussein 's body for burial in Ouja after the former dictator 's execution . In Mosul , gunmen shot dead two tribal leaders from Tal Afar , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . Killed were Sheikh Abdul Nour Mohammed al-Tahhan of the Obeid tribe and Sheikh Mohammed Khalil Hamash of the Halabid tribe . They were headed to Tal Afar after attending a meeting in Mosul . Both are Sunni Arabs . They were working to bring together Shiites and Sunnis Turkmen in Tal Afar , which has a large Turkmen population . A Tal Afar official said both sheikhs played big roles in reconciliation there . Mosul and Tal Afar are large cities in Nineveh province , where American and Iraqi troops have been fighting al Qaeda in Iraq . Elsewhere in northern Iraq on Tuesday , Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition troops killed three suspected militants in an operation targeting al Qaeda in Iraq , the U.S. military said . The deaths occurred about 30 miles  48 kilometers  southwest of Kirkuk during an operation targeting an insurgent "  with a long history " of terrorist activities around Kirkuk , the military said . "  Three armed men refused to comply with instructions to surrender . Responding to the perceived hostile threat , Iraqi and coalition forces engaged the armed men with small-arms fire and supporting aircraft , killing all three terrorists , " the military said . Five people were detained in the operation , and troops destroyed explosives and grenades found at the scene . Coalition troops have been battling Sunni Arab insurgents in much of northern Iraq , including Tameem province -- which includes oil-rich Kirkuk , where Kurds , Sunni Arabs and Turkmens have been jockeying for political power . Meanwhile , a top American diplomat , explaining talks with Iraq on a bilateral relationship , said Tuesday the United States believes Iraq should not be used as a "  platform " for strikes on other states . Watch as Iraq 's prime minister reassures Iran about pact with U.S. " David Satterfield , a senior adviser on Iraq at the State Department , said respect for Iraqi sovereignty is an underpinning of the talks , which he believes can be completed by the end of July . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Leader of tribe that includes Saddam Hussein 's family dies in blast Gunmen kill two other tribal heads who advocated national reconciliation U.S.-led coalition troops kill three suspected militants in northern Iraq U.S. diplomat : Iraq should n't be base for attacks on other states
CNN  -- Health care reform is proceeding toward the president 's desk , likely to become law in the new year . Supporters promise the bill will cut costs and extend coverage . But here 's the real test : What will the trillion-dollar expense of this bill actually buy ? Will it improve America 's health ? My guess : No . For all the money Americans spend on health care  60 percent more per person than any other advanced country  , Americans are not an especially healthy people . Life expectancy at 50 in the U.S. ranks 29th in the world , three years behind world leader Japan , one and a half years behind Canada . Other indicators -- infant mortality , life expectancy at birth -- look even worse . This poor performance is often blamed on the fact that millions of Americans lack health insurance . But as a recent paper for the National Bureau of Economic Research found , the U.S. -- despite its kludgy health insurance system -- does a remarkably good job of extending disease-fighting treatment to all . Authors Samuel Preston and Jessica Ho observe :  The U.S. screens a higher percentage of women for cervical cancer than any other country in a sample of 15 advanced countries .  Americans have the highest survival rates for breast , lung , colon or rectal cancer in a sample of 20 advanced countries .  Compared with Australia , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Sweden and Great Britain , the U.S. had the third-lowest fatality rate for male heart attack victims ages 40-64 , the second-lowest for men ages 85-89 and the best for women aged 85-89 .  Americans 50 and older with heart disease are more likely to receive medication than similarly aged Europeans . Ditto stroke . Ditto high cholesterol . Cancer and heart disease are not any old ailments . These are the leading causes of death for people 50 and older . So if the U.S. health system does such a good job saving its middle-aged and elderly sick , why do Americans die comparatively young ? Answer : because Americans are much more likely to get sick in the first place . And that likelihood owes very little to the health care system and a great deal to the bad choices American individuals make . If you eat too much , exercise too little , drink too much , smoke , take drugs , fail to wear a seat belt or ignore gun safety , there is only so much a doctor or hospital can do for you . And Americans do all those things , more than other people . One-third of Americans are overweight . That one single fact accounts for almost 10 percent of all health care spending . At any given moment , one out of six motorists is unbelted . American children are nine times more likely to be injured in a gun accident than children in other developed countries . If all Americans quit smoking , if everybody wore a seat belt , if gun owners consistently secured their weapons , if we all drank in moderation and abjured illegal drugs and if the one-third of the country that is overweight would drop the extra pounds , those individual actions would do more to improve health and extend lives than any contemplated by Congress or the president . Acting on this information wo n't be easy : It violates too many taboos . Americans understandably treasure their right to make their own choices , including the choice to super-size it . And many are uncomfortably aware that self-destructive behavior is most often found among the poor and among minorities : Black women are more than three times as likely as white women to be severely obese . In the near term , public policy can achieve only a limited impact against these problems . There is evidence that youth obesity can be reduced by zoning rules that forbid fast-food restaurants to be sited within 200 yards of a school . More and better gym classes , better cafeteria menus and a ban on soda in schools would all help too . Over the longer term , we will have to rethink the deeper structure of American food policy : subsidies to corn and soybean growers , the paving over of exurban land that might provide nearby cities with less expensive fruits and vegetables . Ultimately , though , these are decisions that individuals must make for themselves . In this respect , the present concept of medicalized health care sends some unwelcome messages . By "  outsourcing " the concept of health as something that doctors , hospitals and now government do for you -- rather than something that depends considerably on your own choices and efforts -- we ask the medical system to do more than any medical system can do . As you consider your new year 's resolutions , remember : better habits will benefit not only your family and yourself -- but all your neighbors and countrymen as well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Americans ' poor health , relative to other countries , is cited as a reason for health reform David Frum says there 's little evidence health bill will improve U.S. life expectancy He says research shows unhealthy habits explain why Americans get sick more often Individual choices to adopt healthy lifestyles would have more impact , he says
Toronto  CNN  -- Two men authorities say played a key role in a 2009 al Qaeda plot to bomb packed New York subway cars now face charges in Canada , although their whereabouts are unknown , police said Tuesday . At a news conference in Winnipeg , Canadian police accused Ferid Imam , a former student at the University of Manitoba , of training Najibullah Zazi , the Afghanistan-born New Yorker who has pleaded guilty to trying to bomb the city 's subway system . Imam was identified by the New York plotters as a weapons instructor who went by the name of "  Youseff , " police said . "  This extensive and thorough national security investigation has provided us with the evidence we require to lay criminal charges , " said Bill Robinson , assistant commissioner with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . Imam , 30 , is charged with instructing to carry out terrorist activity and conspiracy to participate in the activity of a terrorist group . Another Canadian , Maiwand Yar , 27 , was charged with conspiracy to participate in activity of a terrorist group and participation in the activity of terrorism . Yar is also a former student at the University of Manitoba . Imam and Yar are now the subjects of an international manhunt that is believed to include the CIA . Canadian authorities said the Canadians left their homes in Manitoba in 2007 , bound for Pakistan , in order to train for and carry out terrorist acts against NATO forces in Afghanistan . Robinson said the investigation is ongoing . "  We continue to work with Canadian border services and domestic and international security partners on this matter , " he said . Canadian authorities confirm to CNN that their Pakistani counterparts provided help to them during the investigation , but they now have no firm leads on the whereabouts of the two men . "  Are they still alive ? There 's been no proof of life for more than a year , " Gilles Michaud , the RCMP 's assistant commissioner , told CNN . Police believe the suspects were in the tribal areas of Pakistan about a year ago , but have had no credible intelligence about their whereabouts since then . Canadian counterterrorism and government officials say the radicalization of these men , and others from North America and Europe represents a true reflection of a small but dedicated group of recruits that pose a direct threat to national security . "  There is no set criteria . It affects all walks of life . These were well-educated , young individuals with no past criminal history and supportive families , " Michaud said . U.S. authorities charged Imam in July with providing material support and receiving military-type training from al Qaeda , according to an indictment unsealed Tuesday in the Eastern District of New York . Federal prosecutors allege that Imam , while in Pakistan in 2008 , helped train Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay advance of their plot to detonate bombs on subway trains on the eighth anniversary of the September 11 attacks , according to the indictment . Imam is also charged with use of a destructive device , the indictment said .	NEW : Canadian authorities have no firm leads on the suspects ' whereabouts The two Canadians are accused of role in al Qaeda plot They are said to have departed for Pakistan in 2007 Police say their current whereabouts are unknown
LONDON , England -- Friedel and Robert Borisewitz have led extraordinary lives . Jewish citizens born in Antwerp , Belgium , they survived the Holocaust by fleeing to Brazil with fake documents . Long lives : Friedel , 92 , and Robert Borisewitz , 97 still lead an active life . Friedel later survived severe tuberculosis , and while both have experienced personal tragedy during their long lives , they have refused to be crushed by it . What is most remarkable is that at the age of 92 and 97 respectively , Friedel and Robert are as dynamic and full of life as people 30 years their junior . Friedel especially is , according to her friends , a "  miracle " of nature . When she reveals her age -- which she almost never does -- people are often shocked . In her day Friedel was a striking beauty , and that glamour and grace is still evident today . See more photos of the couple " Since the age of 13 Friedel says she has exercised every day . She plays golf regularly and often spends weekends in the picturesque seaside town of Knokke , off the coast of Belgium . She swims regularly in waters that many of her compatriots find too cold to enter . Her interest in healthy living started early in life . "  Until the age of 13 , I was a little ball , slightly round , and my piano teacher told me I should exercise . "  Since then , I have always been very active " said Friedel , who never misses her daily a.m. work-out television show . Except for one lapse , Friedel has always maintained healthy eating habits . "  When we arrived in Brazil we ate too much as there had been very little food during the escape . Jewish food is also not particularly healthy . "  That slightly destroyed my stomach and I have since cooked very healthily -- many fruits and vegetables and very little fat . " Nevertheless , when it comes to food , Friedel says her husband , who she married in 1941 in Brazil , is not as disciplined . "  He has always been constantly hungry ; he loves eating and drinking a lot , " Friedel told CNN . But with Friedel in charge of the cooking , Robert has had little choice but to eat healthy ingredients . In the last year , Robert 's concentration and memory have deteriorated , but Friedel says she notices a difference when Robert has been active . "  I can see his mind works better when he has been outside the four walls of our apartment and going for walks , even if he now walks very slowly . " Today , Friedel is more determined than ever to continue her healthy lifestyle . "  You will never hear me say I 've had enough , even if I do feel tired at times , " she told CNN . "  My father thought it was a sin to give up . Now I would like to live for as long as is possible . " Friedel admits she sometimes thinks about death : "  I just wonder how it will happen . It 's like being pregnant with your first child -- you wonder how it 's going to happen . "  The difference is that when you are pregnant for the first time , people give you advice and tell you how it 's going to be . " But Friedel , who speaks six languages fluently , does n't dwell on the subject . She prefers to concentrate on the present . "  When I was ill with tuberculosis at the age of 38 and in hospital for almost a year , my doctor told me it was a good lesson in wisdom to have experienced illness . It means I will always yearn to make up for lost time . "	Both in their 90s the Borisewitz are still living a healthy , active life Holocaust survivors Friedel , 92 and Robert , 97 are full of life and energy They both eat well and Friedel regularly swims in the sea off the coast of Belgium Friedel says she sometimes thinks about death but does n't dwell on it
Washington  CNN  Dennis Cheng , the Clinton Foundation 's chief development officer , is leaving the philanthropic organization this week to join Hillary Clinton 's nascent pre-campaign . Cheng , who is expected to serve as Clinton 's finance director once the campaign officially kicks off , is currently pulling double duty for the Clintons by finishing his role at the foundation and starting to build a 2016 campaign fundraising team , according to a source . The news was first reported by the New York Times . Since joining in 2011 , Cheng has raised $ 248 million for the foundation endowment and worked diversify the group 's priorities . Foundation Spokesman Craig Minassian said "  Dennis ... expanded our ability to support programs that are strengthening health systems and improving access to lifesaving medicines in the developing world , helping communities confront the effects of climate change , creating economic opportunity , empowering women and girls and reducing childhood obesity and other preventable diseases in the United States . " A foundation source also noted that while Cheng is leaving this week , he will continue to work as a volunteer through the foundation 's March 4 annual gala . Cheng served as deputy chief of protocol in the Clinton State Department and was Clinton 's New York State finance director on her 2008 campaign .	Dennis Cheng , who has started to build Hillary Clinton 's 2016 campaign finance team , is leaving the Clinton Foundation this week Cheng is a longtime Clinton aide who has worked at the foundation for the last four years "  Dennis led our efforts to secure the Foundation 's future by raising a $ 248 million endowment , " said the foundation 's spokesman
Editor 's Note : Jennifer Brea is a writer and a graduate student studying political science at Harvard University . Her writing has appeared in the Guardian , the Africa Report , and Ebony Magazine . Jennifer Brea says Barack Obama represents the increasing diversity of America . WASHINGTON  CNN  -- When I was a small child , even before I had the right vocabulary , I could tell that my parents were different . When I was with my mother , strangers would gush over me . When I was with my father , I felt a distance . For reasons deeper than I could explain , it was safer with Mom ; I was more special when , as far as the outside world could see , I belonged to her . I later learned this was because people were reacting to the fact that my mother was white and my father black . Like a growing number of Americans , like our new president , I grew up straddling this country 's racial divisions . Barack Obama , America 's first black president , is also our country 's first biracial president -- no secret , but a fact that , especially in the euphoria of his inauguration , is often downplayed . The experience of multiracial Americans is as varied and complex as the races and heritages that make up our unique mixes , but when I came of age in the '80s and '90s , it was a world of stark and often strange choices . Race was a set of mutually exclusive , ill-fitting boxes . We were forced to choose just one , to pick sides . Often , the world chose for us . It was a question not of our culture , or how we self-identified , or even the objective makeup of our DNA , but how we looked . Tiger Woods , when he rose to fame as America 's first black golf star , caused an uproar after he told reporters he was "  Cablinasian , " a nod to his Caucasian , Black , Native American and Asian ancestry .  He is one quarter African-American . It never occurred to Fuzzy Zoeller , who , after the 1997 Masters Championship , made an off-color joke about Woods ordering fried chicken and collard greens for the next year 's Champions Dinner , that he might prefer Pad Thai . The story of my own family was similarly complex . My Anglo-Irish mother is as white as they come . But my father is Haitian , the descendant of West African slaves and French plantation owners , as well as Chinese and Egyptian . And still , growing up , I was asked to choose between one of the two boxes available to me . "  Are you black or are you white ? " It took until 2000 before the U.S. Census allowed respondents to check off more than one racial category , a formal recognition that there are no longer two Americas , one black , one white , but dozens , maybe hundreds , of overlapping Americas . The most recent census predictions hold that by 2042 , whites will no longer be the majority . Americans who identify as biracial or multiracial are less than 2 percent of the population , but their demographic is growing at about 3 percent each year , more than 10 times the rate of the white population . New immigration from Africa and the Caribbean is challenging old notions of what it means to be African-American . As the number of transracial adoptions and interracial marriages increase , the old lines , while far from vanished , are blurring . At the beginning of his campaign , Obama 's exotic heritage was a liability . We had no idea what to do with him because we could n't place him in any of the familiar boxes . There were charges lobbed against him that he was , on the one hand , not black enough for black America , and , on the other , too black for the white American mainstream . By telling his story of being raised by white grandparents in Hawaii , their love for him and his grandmother 's utterance of racial stereotypes , and his adult quest to connect to his father 's Kenyan roots , Obama has changed the entire dialogue about race . He has managed to accomplish something truly rare : to both carry the mantle of African-Americans ' struggle for justice and to transcend it . He is as much the fulfillment of more than 300 years of struggle as he is a symbol of the future : A president who embodies the changing landscape of our imperfect union . Tuesday , he boldly declared it . In his inaugural address , Obama said , " ... our patchwork heritage is a strength , not a weakness . We are a nation of Christians and Muslims , Jews and Hindus -- and nonbelievers . We are shaped by every language and culture , drawn from every end of this Earth ; and because we have tasted the bitter swill of civil war and segregation , and emerged from that dark chapter stronger and more united , we can not help but believe that the old hatreds shall someday pass ; that the lines of tribe shall soon dissolve ... " When Obama took the stage at Grant Park in Chicago , Illinois , on election night , with his family , it was the first time in my 26 years of living I felt like America really belonged to people like me . If you were to ask me , at that moment , if I was African-American , even though I have blue eyes and fair skin , even though my grandparents came to this country from Haiti , with their own language , their own concepts of race , my answer to you would be a resounding "  Yes ! " Without the struggle of brave African-Americans who came before me , my grandparents would not have had the same opportunity to pursue the American dream . We would not be allowed to choose freely whom we love , and I might not even exist . And yet if you were to ask me , in that same moment , if I were black , or biracial , or a woman of Haitian , Chinese , Egyptian , English and Irish descent , my answer would have been the same . Before we become a "  post-racial " America , we have to become one that is truly multiracial , comfortable with the fact that more and more Americans no longer wear their identities on their skins . That you might not be able to tell from just looking at a woman if she is Dominican or Brazilian , or the daughter of a Belgian and a Congolese . She might consider herself many things at the same time , without planting a flag or declaring an allegiance . Obama can help lead us into that new era , toward a more sophisticated conversation about culture and race . He should be celebrated as our first African-American president . He should also be allowed to be Kenyan and Kansan , Hawaiian , Indonesian , Luo -- all the legacies that have made him the man he is today . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer Brea .	Jennifer Brea : When I grew up , the choice was to identify as black or white She says America now is more open to its multiracial population Obama symbolizes the increasing diversity of the U.S. , Brea says She says he declared the change with his "  patchwork heritage " remarks
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- More than a dozen trucks loaded with fruits , spices and other goods Tuesday crossed the line dividing Kashmir as India and Pakistan opened a symbolic trade route in the disputed region for the first time in more than 60 years . Kashmiris watch as Indian trucks cross into the border town of Chakothi in Pakistani-administered Kashmir . To cheers and band music , the first trucks rumbled from the Pakistani side across a white bridge to a brightly decorated trade center festooned . Apple-laden Indian trucks heading the other way were also warmly welcomed . It is hoped the move will ease tensions in the troubled Himalayan region , which has been a conflict flashpoint between nuclear-armed neighbors India and Pakistan who both lay claims to the territory . "  Today , we have regained our lost market , " said Ghulam Rasool Bhat , president of the Kashmir fruit growers ' association . Watch more about the historic day " "  We are sending the sweet Kashmir apple as the first consignment . This is sure to sweeten the relation between the two neighbors . The beginning of the trade between the two Kashmirs will further improve the relations and lead to a peaceful resolution of the bitter problem , " he said . The trucks were subjected to thorough security checks before they crossed the bridge , one of the few crossing points in the heavily militarized 742-kilometer  460-mile  Line of Control , the de facto frontier that divides the region . Kashmir has been a major source of dispute between India , and Pakistan since the two countries were partitioned at the end of British rule in 1947 . Muslim Kashmiris sided with Pakistan to the north , while the Hindu south joined India . For the past 18 years , Kashmir has been wracked by a bloody separatist campaign . Authorities say up to 43,000 people have died , but rights groups and non-governmental organizations put the death toll at twice that . Violence had dropped off since the countries began a peace process in 2004 , but it surged after the state government in Indian-controlled Kashmir announced plans in June to donate land for a Hindu shrine . Muslim protests following the decision prompted a government U-turn that triggered Hindu demonstrations calling for it to be restored . Subsequent violence left 40 dead and hundreds wounded . It is hoped Tuesday 's route opening will bolster the peace agreement and combat lingering mistrust between India and Pakistan . A bilateral cease-fire has been holding in the region for more than four years . A bus service connecting the divided Kashmir began amid much fanfare in 2005 but struggled under the weight of elaborate security checks and stifling bureaucracy . "  This is a great emotional moment , as it brings to mind my grandfather , who used to drive lorries on this road , " said Muzhar Hussain Naqvi , who drove the leading Pakistani truck . CNN 's Sara Sidner and Mukhtar Ahmad contributed to this report	Trade route between the two sides the first in six decades A heavy military presence occupies strip of land known as the Line of Control Kashmir a source of bitter dispute between India and Pakistan since 1947 Trade meant to bolster a 2004 peace accord between the South Asian rivals
New York  CNN  -- When do boxes of baby wipes , laundry tablets and kitty litter get you in trouble ? When they 're stuffed with marijuana , ammunition and .40 caliber handguns . A woman was arrested at John F. Kennedy International in New York on Monday for trying to smuggle two disassembled .40 caliber handguns , 350 rounds of ammunition , four magazines for the guns and 33 pounds of marijuana , according to the federal Transportation Security Administration . TSA officers discovered the contraband after opening two pieces of checked luggage for inspection . "  The officers saw the suitcases were jam-packed with cans and boxes for baby wipes , coffee , floor dusting sheets , lemonade mix , iced tea mix , a box of cat litter and a box of laundry tablets , " the TSA statement read . Crazy things Americans tried to take on planes in 2013 Upon further investigation , the TSA said they discovered the luggage belonged , not in fact to a thirsty homemaker , but a traveler trying to smuggle weapons and drugs . The traveler , who was not identified in the statement , was carrying a Canadian passport and headed to Barbados . She was arrested on state charges , said TSA . TSA finds 81 pounds of pot in checked luggage	TSA agents find guns and 33 pounds of pot hidden inside household products Woman who checked bags at airport was carrying a Canadian passport and flying to Barbados The woman was arrested on state charges
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans and Democrats in the Senate agreed Thursday that they would prefer a new education bill to the current use of waivers by the Obama administration that bypass the No Child Left Behind Act , which is more than five years overdue for an overhaul . "  The bottom line is that it expired in 2007 except for a provision that says if Congress did n't act , it would continue ; and Congress did n't act , so it 's continuing , " said Sen. Lamar Alexander , R-Tennessee , the ranking Republican on the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee . "  That 's our fault . That 's on us , " Alexander added . Education Secretary Arne Duncan appeared before the committee to give an update on his use of waivers for states who are unable to meet the criteria set out in the No Child Act so the state can still receive federal education funding until Congress reauthorizes the program . "  Providing waivers was always , always our plan B . But I was not willing to stand idly by and do nothing while students and educators continue to suffer under No Child Left Behind , " the secretary said . The waivers have been controversial among Republicans who object to the stipulations that the Obama administration puts onto many states before they are awarded . "  This simple waiver authority has turned into a conditional waiver with the secretary basically having more authority to make decisions that in my view should be made locally by state and local governments , " Alexander said . If Congress comes up with a deal to reauthorize NCLB , which is the current version of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act  ESEA  , Duncan said his understanding is that the waivers would become obsolete . According to the education secretary , 34 states and the District of Columbia have been granted the waivers while nine states , Puerto Rico and the Bureau of Indian Education have requests under consideration . The deadline to apply for the waivers is at the end of February . During the last Congress a bill out of the Senate committee to reauthorize ESEA , That bill died at the end of the session without ever making it to the Senate floor for debate . A series of smaller bills were passed out of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce that dealt with ESEA topics last year . One of those bills that dealt with Charter Schools made it to the House floor for debate and was passed , but died at the end of the last session with no action from the Senate . "  It 's no secret that for many years Congress has been dysfunctional , " Duncan said . "  My team and I put in hundreds and hundreds of hours in what proved to be a fruitless effort over the past two years . In all candor , I would like to have gone to waivers earlier . "	Inaction by Congress has left No Child Left Behind Act in effect despite 2007 sunset "  That 's our fault . That 's on us , " says Sen. Lamar Alexander , R-Tennessee Education secretary defends the waiver process as employed by the administration Republicans have complained about conditions placed on waivers
CNN  -- Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus were n't in the Cleveland courtroom Thursday for the sentencing of their captor , Ariel Castro . But their words , recorded in diaries , gave authorities a window into the horror they suffered for a decade . Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy McGinty wrote about the diaries in a sentencing memo . Berry , DeJesus and Michelle Knight did "  everything humanly possible to retain a sense of normalcy " McGinty said , including marking the passage of time through written diaries . The diaries provide further details of the women 's life and torment . McGinty reveals that one diary 's descriptions of abuse provided evidence his office used for many of the specific counts against Castro . Castro has pleaded guilty to 937 counts of kidnapping , rape and murder . Diaries kept by the women contain descriptions of these crimes , including sexual abuse , being locked in a dark room and being chained to a wall . McGinty says other entries contain anticipation of abuse yet to come , including Castro 's death threats . But the diaries also showed traces of hope , including "  the dreams of someday escaping and being reunited with family . " Amanda Berry 's entries focused on her mother , according to psychiatrist Frank Ochberg 's assessment of the women 's captivity as part of the sentencing statement . Ochberg , an expert in trauma , wrote that the diaries showed the women 's "  will to prevail . " According to Ochberg , Berry addressed almost every entry in her diary to her mother . Berry 's mother , Louwanna Miller , worked tirelessly to find her daughter . Miller died of heart failure in 2006 ; those who knew her said it was more like a broken heart . After Berry learned of her mother 's death , she began addressing her entries to "  her mother in heaven . " The entries show Berry at once seeking to "  soothe her mother as she prayed for her own deliverance and the health of her little girl . " Berry 's daughter , fathered by Castro , was born on Christmas Day of 2006 . McGinty writes that "  when the baby was born she was not breathing . Michelle Knight breathed into the baby 's mouth in an effort to save her . " A difficult endeavor , made more intense by Castro 's threat to kill Knight should the baby die . "  Miraculously , " McGinty writes , "  the baby survived . " The sentencing memo provides other descriptions of heroism . Ochberg says that Knight , in addition to serving as a de facto doctor to Berry , also "  interceded when Castro sought to abuse Gina . " An action , Ochberg says , that resulted in further physical and sexual trauma for Knight . Ochberg said that "  on rare occasions all four captives were allowed to be together and they managed to share faith and friendship . " He also noted that Berry managed to pass on knowledge and values to her daughter , something the other two women supported "  when possible . " But Ochberg says the bright moments , the remarkable and inspiring ones , should not "  paint a rosy picture for normalcy or quick recovery . " Castro , Ochberg writes , "  turned truth and commonsense on its head and fed that to his captives . " The beatings , the repeated rapes , the forced miscarriages and the deprivation of basic human sanitation led to complex post-traumatic stress disorder . "  It is the result of victimization over a long period of time , " Ochberg says , "  or in the years when personality and character are being formed . " Castro "  appeared to be evolving in an ever more dangerous direction , " Ochberg writes , "  capturing younger and younger women , telling his captives he was hunting for replacements . " The women must have known that any new captives would not have meant freedom -- rather they must have known , Ochberg concludes , "  replacement meant death . "	Diaries written by two of Ariel Castro 's captives are detailed in a sentencing memo The diaries were written by Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus Psychiatrist Frank Ochberg wrote that the diaries showed the women 's "  will to prevail "
CNN  -- A firefighter missing for eight days was found dead on Friday in New Mexico 's Santa Fe National Forest , authorities said . Token Adams , a firefighter with the U.S. Forest Service , apparently died in an all-terrain vehicle crash , New Mexico State Police announced at a news conference Friday . Adams was last seen August 30 , riding an ATV to investigate a possible fire in the Holiday Mesa area , according to John Helmich , a spokesman with the Forest Service . More than 250 people had searched for the 41-year-old former Navy Seal , Helmich said . The state police are investigating the crash . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Token Adams was missing for eight days He was found dead in Santa Fe National Forest Adams had been investigating a possible fire
Whether it 's Mohammed becoming the most popular baby name , or one in 10 babies in England being Muslim or the fact that halal meat is being served in Pizza Hut , a Muslim story always tends to generate more heat than light . Indeed , Islamophobia is often perpetuated by fear and a sense that Muslims are taking over our jobs , our homes and our lives , thus leading to a polarizing society and the so-called clash of civilizations . And it 's common to see issues such as the name of Mohammed being used by the far-right into vitriolic hate against Muslims . Take for example the Daily Mail headline in January 2014 : "  One in 10 babies in England is a Muslim : Those practising the religion ` could soon outnumber actively worshipping Christians . ' " The article , which was accompanied by an image of two Muslim women wearing the face veil , showed this pervading sense of online anti-Muslim hate emerge with comments such as : "  Surprise , surprise , ban the burka now before its too late !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " and "  This has to stop this is a Christian country the next thing sharia law . " Improving media practices and media responsibility on portraying and reporting fairly on Islam and British Muslims , without bias or discrimination or intent to incite anti-Muslim prejudice , is important . The media must provide a more responsible , objective and proportionate way of reporting on stories . Unfortunately , though , the stories above are not isolated . In The Sun last year an article entitled , "  Ramadan a ding-dong , " again provided a sensationalized and biased viewpoint that seeks to undermine all Muslims and portray Islam in a negative light . As a result , we are seeing British Muslims as a group suffer as a result of bad journalism that fuels extremist and far-right fringe groups such as Anjem Choudary and Muslims for Crusades . Sadly , stories such as these help to create an atmosphere that has demonized Muslims and fueled an anti-Muslim narrative . Indeed , such reporting and representation of British Muslims also helps create the framework for the "  othering " of communities and in particular may influence people 's perceptions of Muslims , especially when combined with lazy journalism that fails to correctly represent the true facts of each case . Let 's not forget , for example , the story from 2010 , when windows were being covered up at a central English leisure center . The Daily Mail headlined its story : "  Swimmers plunged into dark after council covers swimming pool windows ` to protect Muslim women 's modesty . " The council revealed later though that the requests to black out the windows had not come solely from the Muslim community . And we also know from previous studies looking at media coverage about Muslims , in particular post 9/11 , that the weight of news stories -- even if individually factually accurate -- often stereotypes Muslims in an overwhelmingly negative light . For example , a study conducted by academics at Cardiff University found that the majority of news coverage post-9 / 11 about Muslims was negative . Their research into media coverage of British Muslims found that at least two-thirds of newspaper articles were focused around stories on terrorism . These stories often used the words such as "  militancy " and "  radicalism " to depict Muslims in an overtly negative fashion and were a product of a wider anti-Muslim prejudice which they found across British newspapers . Interestingly , they also found that common adjectives used to describe Muslims included the words " ` radical , " "  fanatical " and "  fundamentalist . " So whether it 's getting stories factually incorrect or describing Muslims as a security threat , there is clearly a backlash against Muslims online and offline with threatening comments that are both extremely inflammatory and promote Islamophobia . This negativity is framed within the construct that Muslims are dangerous people , and creates a "  them vs. us " mentality that can be highly damaging for community relations . Now is the time for action to reverse this trend , and as Mehdi Hasan suggests , "  sanctions for dishonest and demonizing press coverage of Muslims " might be one way to ensure that we start to see a balanced coverage that does not demonize or stereotype Muslims .	Islamophobia is often perpetuated by fear , sense that Muslims are taking over our jobs , says Imran Awan Awan : Media must provide more responsible , objective and proportionate way of reporting Misleading stories create atmosphere that has demonized Muslims , fueling anti-Muslim narrative , he says Media negativity is framed within construct that Muslims are dangerous people , Awan argues
CNN  -- What does a 22-year-old see when she looks at herself in the mirror ? Evelyn Apoko sees a face marred by war , one that is jarring to others . Even she ca n't stand to look sometimes . Doctors reconstructed her jaw , removed scars and balanced her lips . In the coming days , she will get a new jaw implant , a bone graft and a set of upper teeth . "  I see me , " she says , after pausing to think about how she might describe her reflection . "  I look into my eyes and I know there is something there . " That something came from three harrowing years of captivity and the inner fortitude that fueled her desire to survive , so that she could live to tell about the ugliness she saw . One summer night in 2001 , Lord 's Resistance Army  LRA  guerrillas snatched Apoko from a community center near her home in Gulu district , Uganda . Notorious for their cold-blooded cruelty , the LRA beat her , tortured her . She chooses not to discuss all the details but says this : if she did n't do what the LRA told her , she knew she would die . Apoko 's tale , sadly , is not uncommon . She is among thousands of children abducted by the LRA . Yet her pleas , and the pleas of all others who have tried to put an end to the abuse and killings committed by the LRA , have fallen largely on deaf years , she says . As she awaits her final round of surgery in Austin , Texas , Apoko is glad that the LRA-instigated conflict , the longest running in Africa , finally made headlines this year . She rejoiced in President Barack Obama 's decision last week to send 100 U.S. military advisers to the Central African Republic to help hunt down LRA leaders . And she rebuked conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh , who lambasted Obama and defended the LRA as Christians aiming to remove dictatorship . "  Lord 's Resistance Army are Christians , " Limbaugh said . "  They are fighting the Muslims in Sudan . And Obama has sent troops , United States troops , to remove them from the battlefield , which means kill them . " "  Dear Mr. Limbaugh , " Apoko responded in a video message she sent to him . "  My name is Evelyn . I am a former abducted child . My heart breaks when I hear your message about the LRA . " She had no mouth left Apoko , an ethnic Acholi , hailed from a poor family of nine children and grew up working on the farm with her parents . They grew corn , ground nut , cassava , sweet potatoes . She was a night commuter , as were many children in her district . Every night , she traveled almost 10 miles just to sleep in the town center , where her parents felt she would be safer under near other public buildings and under the watch of the Ugandan army . In many cases , parents put their children in cages to protect them from the LRA . The LRA sprouted as a rebel movement in the late 1980s among the Acholi people in marginalized northern Uganda . But if there was a group ideology , little remains today . Human rights groups say the LRA is known as a cult group that follows the self-proclaimed spiritual powers of its leader , Joseph Kony , who is wanted by the International Criminal Court for atrocities . For more than two decades , the LRA has targeted civilians and terrorized them in Uganda and other neighboring nations . When the LRA 's ruthless ways dwindled support from the Acholi people , it began abducting children to carry on the fight . The group liked to kidnap boys and girls between the ages of nine and 12 -- strong enough to shoot a gun , small enough to squeeze through a window , young enough to have their moral compasses recalibrated to kill . Apoko was one of them . "  It is not uncommon for the girls who are abducted to be converted into sex slaves or forced into marriages with LRA fighters , " according to Daniel DePetris , associate editor of the Maxwell Journal of Counterterrorism and Security Analysis . "  The boys who are snatched up have two choices , which are not really choices at all . Either they fight to the death for Kony 's apocalyptic worldview , or they can expect to be executed and dumped into a mass grave filled with their victims , " DePetris wrote in a CNN article . Or , sometimes , the girls are used as mules , says Jedidiah Jenkins , spokesman for the advocacy group Invisible Children . Apoko recalled walking and walking . Day and night . Without food , without water . She was forced to carry things . The LRA stays alive by constantly moving , Jenkins said . Through the thick , remote jungles of southern Sudan , the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic . There , people are poor and disconnected from the rest of the world . "  The LRA are basically like sharks , " Jenkins says . "  When people get too tired , they just kill them . " Or in the very least , hurt them . The LRA soldiers beat Apoko . It was impossible to live among them and not be subjugated . Sometimes Apoko got caught in ambushes or firefights . She saw other children die around her . She had not even reached her teenage years and yet , there was no one around to hold her , soothe her , tell her things would be alright . Days turned to months . More than a year passed like this for Apoko . One day , planes roared overhead -- the Ugandan and Congolese armies often raided the LRA . The winds were strong , the planes flew low . A bomb exploded behind her . Her backpack , laden that day with heavy pots and pans , caught on fire . She felt a sharp pain in her foot . She took her shoe off and saw it was full of blood . She was carrying a child in her arms , desperate to find safe haven somewhere . And then she felt the blast of another bomb . Shrapnel tore into her body , mangled her flesh , shattered all her teeth . In place of her face , there was a giant hole , like a crater in the ground . Her clothes dripped with blood . She gasped for air . She realized the child had died in her arms . She laid her down by her mother 's body . She did not want them to be separated . She remembers the guerrillas snapping pictures of her . They sent them to Kony to ascertain if she was worth saving . They were going to pull the trigger unless she could keep walking . And so she did , even with her horrific wounds . The LRA spared her life but refused her treatment . Soon , infection set in . She could n't tell whether she would survive . She had no jaw or mouth left so she could n't eat or chew . Instead , she lay down on the ground and poured liquid food into her mouth . She had only one set of clothes , constantly damp and smelly from the saliva that dribbled out . She knew she was a better , kinder person than the people around her who had inflicted such cruelty . She knew she had to escape . ` Hardly human ' One night in the fall of 2004 , Apoko she said she was going to the bathroom but she never went back . She ran through the forest the darkness and did n't stop until she reached safety in Uganda . She was admitted to the Rachele Rehabilitation Center in northern Uganda , which takes in child soldiers and helps them assimilate back into normal life . And she was able to see her family again . She first arrived for a series of surgeries in the United States in 2005 with the help of Cori Stern , a co-founder of the Strongheart Fellowship Program , which seeks to help young survivors of trauma heal and begin life anew . In between her surgeries , she returned to Uganda to endure more tragedy . Her pregnant mother and the baby girl she was about to deliver died after they were poisoned . Apoko arrived in America frightened and without speaking a word of English . Those who sheltered her here are amazed that she is the same woman who delivered a recorded message to Rush Limbaugh earlier this month . "  The LRA is not Christian , " she told the talk show host . "  Joseph Kony and his commanders could hardly be considered human . " In the video , Apoko wore a necklace bearing the name of an abducted child , part of a campaign to raise money and awareness . That is her mission now -- to bring peace to children who have suffered . She even wants to try her hand at making a documentary film . And next month , she will appear in an episode of "  Facing Trauma , " a series airing on Discovery Fit & Health channel about women who have suffered facial injury . "  Enough children have died and too many have been displaced , " Apoko said in her video . "  Every human being deserves peace in their life . We all deserve to live life without fear . " But all these years have gone by and efforts to quell LRA violence have not been successful . Ironically , it was Limbaugh 's statements about the LRA that has cast attention on a neglected conflict , said Jenkins , the spokesman for Invisible Children . Apoko is still waiting to hear back from Limbaugh . And waiting for the last round of surgery . The reflection in the mirror will perhaps be more pleasing to look at then . But she will always see "  something there . "	The Lord 's Resistance Army abducted Evelyn Apoko when she was only 12 She was beaten , abused and suffered horrific injuries from a bomb blast She escaped after three years and U.S. doctors operated on her face Recently , she told Rush Limbaugh he was wrong to call the LRA Christians
CNN  Just before writing this column , I reached into the depths of my wallet , and in between the pilot licenses , I slid out a postage stamp-size certificate issued by the Federal Aviation Administration . The certificate documents my successful completion of the DC Special Flight Rules Area , or SFRA , online course . The online course verifies that I am knowledgeable to fly a plane under visual flight rules into the most highly restricted U.S. airspace in the country . Although a "  no-fly zone " over the White House has long existed , the SFRA airspace was developed to protect the Washington area further after the 9/11 terrorist attacks . The size of the SFRA airspace is designed to be large enough to give our defense forces enough time to determine if a threat exists from an aircraft entering it , an opportunity to identify the threat , and if necessary , to divert or eliminate it . An airspeed restriction begins at a 60-mile radius from the center of Reagan National Airport . At the 30-mile radius , all aircraft must file a flight plan that identifies itself to air traffic control via a specific four-digit transponder code  a transponder is an electronic communication device that identifies a specific airplane on an air traffic controller 's display screen to indicate authorization for the flight  . Aircraft must enter the SFRA through specific flight "  gates " that are displayed on a standard aviation map . Aircraft on instrument flight rule flight plans , which include all airline operations , are not required to comply with SFRA restrictions . Air traffic control assumes the responsibility for the appropriate routing . As a matter of standard procedure , flights using an instrument flight rule flight plan have specific clearances with specific transponder codes , so the authorization for transit through the SFRA airspace is already built into the system . Why do I carry the certificate as an airline pilot ? I have had occasion to fly my own little airplane through the airspace on a visual flight rule flight plan . Pilot who landed gyrocopter blogged about why Noncompliance with the airspace requirements , or worse , no communication at all , carries some serious federal penalties , which could include the suspension or revocation of your pilot license . Being at the wrong end of an F-16 missile is also a possible penalty . So how does a flying machine that looks like a sophisticated lawn chair with helicopter blades invade such highly restricted airspace , as happened Wednesday , when a postal carrier from Florida landed a single-person aircraft on Capitol grounds ? Well , I 'm making an assumption based on the video footage , but it appears that this aircraft is classified by the FAA as a gyrocopter . A gyrocopter can not quite launch straight up into the air in the manner of a typical helicopter ; it requires a short ground run for takeoff . And most gyrocopters are kit-built aircraft . It also appears that this particular gyrocopter may weigh just under 255 pounds , which classifies it as an ultralight aircraft in FAA parlance . Why is weight significant ? Below that weight , a license for the pilot or a license for the aircraft is not required . In addition , to remain in the classification , the maximum designed airspeed ca n't exceed 55 knots . Lawmaker looking into gyrocopter landing as pilot goes to court A facility tracking the movement of this particular gyrocopter on radar would witness a speed probably attainable by the average Canadian goose . And the radar reflection on a piece of machinery of that diminutive size is most likely very limited . If it was actually tracked on a radar screen , the target may have appeared to be a flock of birds . How much damage could this aircraft have inflicted had it been intended for nefarious purposes ? Well , if it had been crashed into a building , I feel confident that the building would have been triumphant . If the intent had been to carry some sort of destructive device , the weapon would have had to be relatively small . The engine is not designed to carry more than one pilot . And lack of carry-on space is a definite issue . Not that a review of airspace security measures is n't in order , but I would n't be concerned that this event will become the next threat epidemic . As an airline pilot , I can say I am relatively confident that our nation 's capital is secure from gyrocopter attacks orchestrated by misguided lunatics .	Les Abend : How did gyrocopter fly on to Capitol grounds when FAA , defense forces keep tight rein on airspace ? He says gyrocopter may be lightweight and slow enough that it evaded radar He says it 's unlikely such a flight could pose a serious danger
CNN  -- With Christmas comes Christmas trivia . Here 's a look at the holiday by the numbers : 30.8 million - Real Christmas trees purchased in the United States in 2011 . 16 - Percentage of real trees sold that were "  cut-your own . " 4.1 % - Expected amount of increased holiday sales in the United States in 2012 over last year , according to the National Retail Federation . 586.1 billion - Amount of expected total sales , if they do increase by 4.1 % . 62 - Percentage of Americans who attend religious services on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day . More than 70 million - Poinsettia plants sold in the United States each year , within about a six-week period . 2.7 million - Candy canes manufactured each day by the Spangler Candy Co. . 5,083,000 miles per hour - Average speed Santa 's sleigh must travel to be able to deliver presents all over the world in one night . $ 107,000 - This year 's cost of all of the gifts in "  The Twelve Days of Christmas " song . 364 - Total number of Christmas gifts the "  true love " gives . 27 - Percentage of people surveyed in 2009 who said they wrap their gifts to others a day or two before Christmas . 4 inches - Real-life height of the young Rudolph figure used in the stop-motion animated TV holiday classic , "  Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer . " 21 % - Expected increase in employment for dentists from 2010 to 2020 . That 's good news for Hermey , Rudolph 's friend who wants to be a dentist instead of making toys . 74 - Percentage of adults who said the female head of the household was most likely to be the one to wrap all of the family 's gifts . 90 % - Estimated decline in the next 50 years of the availability of frankincense , an aromatic resin used to make perfumes . Gold , frankincense and myrrh were the three gifts the Magi gave to Jesus . 3 years - Shelf life of a store-bought Christmas fruitcake  if it 's refrigerated  .	Holiday sales are expected to be up 4.1 % over last year 62 % of Americans attend a religious service on Christmas or Christmas Eve The availability of frankincense is expected to decline by 90 % in the next 50 years
CNN  -- At the Eslam Ghalah crossing on the Afghan-Iranian border , millions of dollars have been spent by the international community to try to ensure that all goods and human traffic entering and leaving Afghanistan can be controlled and accounted for . But we found a very different reality . We had traveled from the city of Herat in out to Afghanistan 's western border to film a story on the smuggling of weaponry to the Taliban from Iran - we wanted to get a sense of how much was being done to block the smuggling trails along the Iranian border -- an area of remote mountain trails and passes . The local security commissioner had insisted we take a police escort . Once we had finished filming at the official crossing I asked the commander of the detail if he knew where the main smuggling trail across the border was as I 'd heard it was just outside of Eslam Ghalagh . He agreed to take us and we climbed back into our cars . Less then five minutes later we turned off the main road onto a dusty track . Another five minutes and the police car leading the way came to a halt - we were less than 10 kilometers from the official crossing and we 'd arrived . It was the best known smuggling trail , but just one of many hundreds of trails that snake through the mountains here . Afghanistan 's border with Iran is around 1,000 kilometers long . There is no doubt that it 's one of the most difficult in the world to police . But all the Afghans we spoke to were adamant that while the Iranians are deadly serious about blocking the drug trade into Iran from Afghanistan , they are much less rigorous about the traffic in weapons in the other direction . And the sources we spoke with - Afghan , Taliban and Western - believe that is a matter of policy . But it 's far from clear at what level in the Iranian government -- if any -- the arms shipments are organized or approved . For their part , the Iranians strenuously deny involvement in the smuggling . The Embassy in London told me : "  These allegations are fabricated to pervert attentions from the problems and damage created by foreign forces in -LSB- Afghanistan . " -RSB- Getting people to talk about the smuggling on camera was almost impossible . It 's no overstatement to say that many Afghans in Herat are scared of their powerful neighbor to the West . Nearly everyone who gave us information did so on condition of anonymity . Several of the officials we interviewed happily gave us access to their records and reports but as soon as the camera was switched on the stock response was that they were not authorized to comment . On our last day in Herat we finally were given access to the evidence store where the weaponry seized along the border was kept . The source helping us had to resort to locking us in his office after smuggling an Iranian mine out of the store room so we could film it . It was same kind as those used by the Taliban in roadside bomb attacks . Later that day , a very senior contact in the Afghan security services gave us access to the Afghan police 's evidence file . Although the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan has made numerous statements about Iranian weaponry and training being provided to the Taliban the Afghan government has remained largely silent . In Herat the provincial authorities have spent the last two years filming every weapon haul they 've intercepted coming over the Iranian border , photographing serial numbers written in Persian and establishing which models are produced in Iranian state armament factories . If the Afghan government decides to take up the issue with Tehran , they 'll find all the evidence they need here in Herat .	Large network of trails used to smuggle weapons found at Iran-Afghan border Millions spent by international community on securing border Border is roughly 1,000 km long , making it difficult to police
CNN  -- A British science teacher admitted Monday to trying to help anti-Assad regime fighters commit acts of terrorism in Syria . Jamshed Javeed , 30 , from the northern English city of Manchester , pleaded guilty to two terrorism charges at Woolwich Crown Court . Police said the father of one had helped four associates travel to Syria for terrorism purposes last year and had planned to join them in the war-torn country . "  He bought equipment for himself and for ISIS fighters to use once he arrived in Syria , " Greater Manchester Police said in a statement . Javeed 's family had grown suspicious of his behavior and confronted him in December , urging him not to go to Syria , but he had said he was committed , police said . Counterterrorism officers arrested Javeed at his home December 21 , two days after the confrontation . "  Javeed was an otherwise law-abiding man who had a responsible job , a child and another one on the way , " Detective Chief Superintendent Tony Mole said . "  However , from August last year both his appearance and behavior started to change and in a short space of time he started to support the ISIS cause and those planning to travel to Syria . "  His family grew suspicious and were clearly intent on stopping him , but he ignored their pleas and told them he was determined to go through with his plans to travel to Syria . He had bought equipment to take with him and had given money to help others travel there , " Mole said . The case demonstrated the importance of informing authorities early about someone 's intentions to join a group such as ISIS , Mole said . Not an extremist , defense says But Javeed is not an extremist , his defense attorneys said . The defense argued that Javeed was "  deeply moved by the images and reports of the extreme suffering of the Syrian people at the hands of Bashar Al-Assad 's vicious regime . " Javeed 's actions followed footage of chemical weapons use against civilians in Syria and British Prime Minister David Cameron 's failed attempt to get Parliament to approve joining military action against the Assad regime , said a document setting out the basis for the guilty plea . "  It was against this background ... that Jamshed Javeed subsequently came to the conclusion that he should go to support the ordinary people of Syria . He accepts that this would have meant becoming involved in some fighting , as well as humanitarian relief . " The defense said that Javeed did not know he could be prosecuted for making plans to travel to Syria to fight pro-Assad forces and would not have gone if he had known so . Javeed expected to return to his teaching job after returning from Syria . "  He has never supported and does not support the aims of ISIS as now revealed and understood , " the document said . "  The defendant would not travel to Syria now . There is no coherent rebel force seeking to defeat Assad . He is appalled at the indiscriminate brutality of ISIS . " Javeed is being held in custody for sentencing on December 12 . A teacher at high school Javeed had taught at Sharples High School in Bolton , Greater Manchester . The school teaches students ages 11 to 16 . In January , the Bolton News newspaper reported Javeed 's arrest . It quoted Sharples head teacher Rachel Quesnel as saying the school was "  working closely with the police to ensure the situation is resolved as quickly as possible . " "  I have taken the decision , along with the chair of governors , to suspend the teacher from his teaching duties in order that a full investigation can take place , " Quesnel told the paper . "  Please be assured that there is no evidence to suggest that Mr. Javeed 's alleged actions are related to his role as teacher at Sharples School , nor is there anything to suggest that our pupils or the wider community have been under any kind of risk . " CNN 's Elaine Ly contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense says Jamshed Javeed , 30 , was motivated by Syrian people 's suffering Javeed pleads guilty to two terrorism offenses in a UK court Police accused him of helping associates to travel to Syria for terrorism purposes They said he planned to join them and had bought equipment for ISIS fighters to use
CNN  -- I 'm sitting in a tiny Russian apartment , like so many others I 've visited , talking to two parents who sound just like any other happy couple . They tell me about the first time they met : "  We were madly drawn to each other . And I could n't even imagine we would n't be together . " They describe their hopes for the future : "  As soon as we 're on our feet financially , then we plan to have a second child . " But this is not like most other families . Both parents are women who were both previously married to men . Their daughter is in another room playing a computer game . The women do n't want her to hear the rest of our conversation . She 's too young to understand her parents ' fears or why they live in secrecy and have asked us not to publish their names . What 's it like to live as a gay family in Russia today ? "  To be silent . That 's it , " one of the women replies . "  To hide . Not to show , to give basis for rumors in the office . To be respected at work you have to keep silent , " her partner adds . It 's always been tough to live as a gay person in this country . During the Soviet era gay sex was a crime and the majority of Russians remain deeply conservative on gay issues . It 's become even harder since parliament passed what 's known as the gay propaganda law in June of last year . The legislation makes it illegal to tell children about gay equality . READ MORE : What one gay performer thinks of Russia 's law The law has been widely criticized by Western leaders who have called it archaic and discriminatory . Human rights activists say it proves Russia is unworthy of hosting the 2014 Winter Olympics , which get under way in Sochi in early February . But that has n't stopped the political campaign for another law that would repress gay rights even further . In 2013 lawmaker Alexei Zhuravlyov proposed a new law that would strip gay people with children of their parenting rights . The bill triggered fears the government was about to start taking children from their parents , but stalled in Russia 's parliament . Zhuravlyov is now pushing for a slightly watered down version that would deny custody to any parent who leaves a straight relationship to be gay . He says : "  In case any parent openly propagates homosexuality and only in this case , if the family splits , a child should exclusively stay with a parent who has heterosexual way of life . " Zhuravlyov dismisses Western liberalism and says traditional Russian values dictate a child should have a father and a mother . "  We think on this , Russia is on the right path compared to the west , " he says . "  If you in the west are so tolerant , let Russia live with its established traditions . Be tolerant to us . " Activists say such a law would be another backward step and fear its implementation could gather momentum after the Sochi games when the world 's focus has shifted away from Russia . Tanya Lokshina from Human Rights Watch says the existing gay propaganda law already has the potential to criminalize gay parents . "  If you 're gay and together with your partner ... you tell your child that your family is just the same , no worse and no better than another family next door , a heterosexual family , than you 'll be violating the law , " Lokshina says . Back in the tiny apartment , two parents who love their daughter -- and who describe themselves as patriots and Orthodox Christians -- say they struggle to imagine a day when the government could take their child from them . "  I do n't understand how it can be , " one says . "  I hope it wo n't happen . Otherwise we 'll have to migrate and many people will make that decision to leave Russia . " These parents feel increasingly pushed into the shadows of Russian society , but the couple says they and other gay parents they know are still raising their children with the goal of making their country a better place . "  As a rule , children in gay families are surrounded by care , attention and respect , " one of the women tells me . "  I do n't know what kind of people they 'll be in the future , but they 're the children in who the most is being invested . "	Russia 's "  gay propaganda " law is forcing gay community into shadows Western leaders have criticized the law as archaic and discriminatory One Russian lawmaker has proposed a new law that would strip gays of parenting rights Proponents of gay rights fear the proposed law will break apart families
CNN  -- There are just a few days until spring , but winter is n't done with some of us yet . A significant storm will threaten the Northeast on Monday into Tuesday , and areas of Minnesota , North Dakota and South Dakota could see blizzard conditions through the night . Forecasters said Boston will get 3 to 6 inches of snow and sleet before rain begins to fall Tuesday night . All public schools in the city will be closed Tuesday , according to an announcement Monday evening on the official Twitter account of Boston 's public school system . CNN affiliate WCVB warned its viewers that by Tuesday morning , the commute to work will be slow . "  We 'll have at least a couple of inches of snow on the ground with heavy snow still falling . Mix/freezing rain will develop from south to north during the morning . This will keep overall snow totals down , but traveling will still be difficult , " meteorologist J.C. Monahan said . The New England mountains will get between 10 and 14 inches with snow falling at up to 2 inches per hour Monday night , forecasters said . Other areas of New England could get up to 8 inches . Fewer than 300 flights were canceled Monday , but delays are expected at airports from Ohio to New York . It was unusually cold and blustery in New York , where a little snow was expected to fall before changing to rain overnight . Track the winter storm The low visibility was causing delays of almost an hour at Newark International Airport and LaGuardia Airport in the New York area . There will be storms in the South and while the rain could help firefighters near the tourist destination of Pigeon Forge , Tennessee , as they try to contain a wildfire that has burned more than 35 buildings , they will also battle wind gusts of up to 20 mph . A tornado touched down Monday afternoon in Rutherford County near Nashville , Tennessee , county officials said . The tornado was on the ground for about 41/2 miles , said Joe Gourley of the Rutherford County Emergency Management Agency . Fewer than a dozen homes suffered minor to moderate damage , trees were toppled and roads were blocked , Gourley said . Just to the west , students at Fairview Middle School were evacuated after lightning struck the school and started a fire on the roof , CNN affiliate WTVF reported . In North Dakota , a no-travel advisory was issued by the state department of transportation for the eastern half of the state . The warning said there were areas where visibility was almost zero because of blowing snow , and there was significant ice on the highways and streets . One highway was blocked because of snow drifts covering the road , CNN affiliate KXJB reported . Minnesota officials had also closed three highways in the west central part of that state , KXJB reported . CNN 's Justin Jones and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Up to 6 inches of snow expected in Boston New England mountains should see more than a foot of precipitation Tornado hits Tennessee county on Monday afternoon Roads closed in North Dakota , Minnesota due to blowing snow
