TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Japan has released a slew of economic data that paints a picture of a nation struggling amid the global economic slowdown . Japan 's exports plunged 45.7 percent last month , as major exporters made further production cutbacks . The world 's second-largest economy reported a drop of 10 percent in industrial output for January , compared with a year ago . The fall in industrial output is a record drop for the country , the government said . Industrial output reflects how much Japanese companies produce . Exporters have cut production sharply as world demand has slumped . Exports plunged an unprecedented 45.7 percent last month , as major exporters such as Toyota and Nissan announced further production cutbacks . Falling global demand for Japan 's cars and electronics has led to increased unemployment . The government did report unemployment improved slightly for January , falling to 4.1 percent , versus December 's 4.3 percent . But Credit Suisse economist Satoru Ogasawara called that report "  a mystery . " "  I do n't understand it , " Ogasawara said . "  How I see this is that jobless people are simply giving up looking for new work . I 'm sure this figure does n't mean employment is improving . " Economist Richard Jerram at Macquarie Capital Securities also said the unemployment figure is "  not reliable . " He points to the ratio of jobs available to each applicant , which the government says stands at 0.67 for each job seeker . That is the 12th straight monthly decline . That indicates companies are reluctant to hire , offering fewer and fewer jobs to a growing pool of unemployed , Jerram said . Japan also reported household spending fell 5.9 percent in January , compared with a year ago , the steepest fall since the country slid into recession last year . The household spending figure indicates consumers are reluctant to buy , which means companies will see fewer sales and will then have to slash prices and production further . Watch how the economy is hitting Japan 's workers " The only bright news came in the key consumer inflation rate , which was unchanged in January compared with a year ago .	Japan 's economy sees record drop of 10 percent in industrial output for January Exports fell an unprecedented 45.7 percent last month Household spending sees steepest fall since country slid into recession last year Unemployment figure slightly better for January , at 4.1 % , but figure is questioned
New York  CNN  -- Many times I 've watched in dismay as crowds of Moammar Gadhafi supporters gathered to wave flags in front of Libya 's former dictator -- in particular , two years ago , when the convicted murderer Abdul Al Megrahi returned to his home country under the guise of near-death , to be welcomed as a hero , banners waving , Gadhafi embracing the man who helped him kill my brother . We watched in jaw-dropped horror as these two conspirators embraced in front of what we believed to be a throng of paid political cheerleaders . We 'd often heard that part of the way Gadhafi kept up the sparkly image of a happy , well-led people was to pay them to show up and look as though they were viewing a god . It 's classic imperial propaganda : Make sure the little people show the love when the cameras are on . It 's a method designed by Joseph Goebbels and painstakingly perfected by Gadhafi . Today , as I look at the images streaming from halfway around the world , my heart is deeply moved by what I see on the faces of a liberated people . In a country where the economic disparity has historically been far greater than any place since Ancient Rome , a true revolution has occurred . The impoverished , the downtrodden , the unlawfully imprisoned , the enslaved , are all pouring into the streets with their new , green flag of freedom , tears of relief and even disbelief etched on their faces . This is their day . My 23-year struggle for justice is a grain of sand compared to what the Libyan people have endured . Gadhafi 's death an answer to little girl 's prayer I have had countless e-mails and phone calls today , asking me if I 'm happy , and if I feel that my brother can finally rest in peace . At the risk of sounding like I 'm never satisfied , I have to say that I am not entirely happy . Sure , some weird , throttled joy is bubbling up in me today , and I do n't hold with any camp that would contend that "  Gadhafi deserved a fair trial . " But yet I fear that with his death goes a warehouse of secrets and lies that could have been revealed in order to salve the souls of Libyan families who lost loved ones during this regime . Men and women have literally disappeared from their houses and places of work and worship , only to be buried in mass graves . I know where my brother rests in peace , innocent of any crime other than being an American on the wrong plane at the very wrong time in history . Rather than wanting to see the kind of freak-show snuff film of Gadhafi that is worming its way through the internet as I write this , I would have far preferred to watch him from a front row seat in the Hague as he , in true Milosevic style , would have been made to answer for his countless hideous crimes . In the 23 years since I lost my brother I have fought  alongside my parents  for this day . Many times I have been accused of wanting revenge , of not tempering my desire to see Gadhafi and all his cohorts brought to heel . Today , as that dish is served to me ice-cold , I can tell you honestly it has never been about revenge . Today , as ever , it has been about justice , for those 270 innocent American and Scottish citizens who fell to earth like so many doused stars on a cold night in late December . Today , as ever , it has also been about justice for the 6.5 million Libyans , who no longer need to be paid to look happy when the world 's cameras point their way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brian Flynn .	Brian Flynn : It has been 23 years since bombing of Pan Am 103 Flynn ' s brother was killed in the bombing , and family has waited for justice He says he would rather have seen Gadhafi face war crimes trial for harm he caused Flynn : It is n't about revenge , but justice for Pan Am victims and for Libya 's people
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso says the reaction of his fellow drivers to Formula One 's controversial new rule changes after the opening Grand Prix of the season was "  hot-headed . " The Spaniard claimed victory in Bahrain on his debut for Ferrari but fellow drivers Michael Schumacher , Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button were critical of 2010 's new laws . They include a ban on refuelling during the race and that the grid 's top ten drivers must start the race on the tires they used to complete the final qualifying session . But Alonso says it is too early to consider changing the rules and has pleaded for patience . He said on Ferrari 's official Web site : "  I think that many of us have given some hot-headed comments immediately after the race in Bahrain . "  It 's true that the race in Sakhir was n't especially spectacular -- although for us Ferraristi it was great and exciting -- but it 's too early to talk about changing the rules . "  We have to see how the tyres behave with different fuel loads and temperatures , which will be different from the ones we had during testing and in Bahrain . "  We have to wait and see different races and check the situation , without being emotional . Something that confuses the fans is changing the rules all the time . " Alonso and teammate Felipe Massa gave Ferrari the perfect start to the season with a one-two in Bahrain , but the Spaniard says no-one is getting carried away . He added : "  The one-two win in Sakhir gave us confidence and was a great result for the hard work during the winter on the track and at the works , but we ca n't take anything for granted . "  We have to stay with our feet on the ground , keeping calm and staying concentrated -- in Melbourne we 're starting from square one . "  Nothing has changed for me -- there are four teams and eight drivers who can fight for victory and we have to give it our all to stay ahead of everybody else . "  I like the Albert Park track . It 's quite a technical circuit with some pretty interesting corners . Overtaking has never been easy and what is even more important now , like on all city circuits , is the result in the qualifying . "	Fernando Alonso says drivers must be patient about Formula One rule changes Alonso says some drivers comments were "  hot-headed " after the opening race in Bahrain Alonso led a Ferrari one-two with Felipe Massi in season opener
CNN  -- The Dakar Rally claimed another victim Friday , as organizers announced the death of an experienced competitor in the motorbikes section . The body of 50-year-old Belgian Eric Palante was found at the 143km mark of the previous day 's stage from Chilecito to San Miguel de Tucuman , the longest of the grueling race . A support truck had gone in search of the rider , who had been missing overnight after the 911km marathon leg . Two members of a local Argentine news team also died while following Thursday 's fifth stage when their car plunged into a ravine . Organizers of the annual event said Palante 's death would be examined by a judge in the Catamarca Province of Argentina , but reported on their official website that "  no alert " had been received ahead of his fatal accident . They paid tribute to the Honda rider , who was bidding for victory in the amateur motorbikes section : "  He knew the race very well , and over the years his enthusiastic but serious approach had made him one of the pillars of the event . "  It is with great sadness that the organizers and the entire family of the Dakar offer their condolences to Eric 's family and friends . " Palante is the 27th competitor to die in the rally since it was first staged in 1978 , while more than 50 have died overall , including spectators , support crew and the media . The marathon motor rally , for cars , motorbikes and trucks , was originally staged between Paris and Dakar in Senegal . It was moved to South America , principally Argentina and Chile , in 2009 because of threats of terrorism .	Motorbike competitor on Dakar Rally found dead Eric Palante , 50 , from Belgium competing in event for 11th time Went missing on Thursday 's fifth stage Two local media personnel also died on same stage
Rio De Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- Fourteen people died and another 25 were arrested Wednesday in drug-gang violence in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , military police said Wednesday . That brings the total to 22 dead and 153 arrested since Sunday , police said . The gangs have shot up a police station and torched at least five buses and 11 cars in the attacks , officials said . It was not immediately clear if all the dead were gang members , or if civilians and police also suffered fatalities . The violence stems from the transfer of prisoners from local institutions to federal lockups in other states , the government-run Agencia Brasil news outlet reported , citing Rio de Janeiro Public Security Secretary Jose Mariano Beltrame . Some of those prisoners ordered the violence , Beltrame said . The attacks also came as a result of police trying to remove some drug gang members from Rio 's slums , called favelas . Beltrame said two rival gangs joined forces to launch the attacks . The security chief also said he mobilized all police in the city to try to restore order and to step up police presence in 17 of Rio 's slums . Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva addressed the situation Tuesday . "  I called the justice minister and told him to attend to Rio de Janeiro with whatever he needs , " Lula told CNN affiliate TV Record . Officials are concerned about crime in Brazil as the nation prepares to host the 2014 World Cup soccer tournament and the 2016 Summer Olympics , which will be held in Rio . Journalist Luciani Gomes contributed to this story .	NEW : 153 suspects have been arrested since Sunday , police say The violence was caused by the transfer of prisoners , security official says Two rival drug gangs collaborated to launch the attacks , he says The attacks started Sunday in Rio de Janeiro
CNN  -- A pistol in the hands of a 4-year-old boy went off during a weekend cookout , killing the wife of a Tennessee sheriff 's deputy who was showing his guns to a relative , state police said Monday . No one saw the boy pick up the weapon before the shooting , which occurred Saturday night in Lebanon , east of Nashville , Tennessee Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Kristin Helm said . The single shot killed 47-year-old Josephine Fanning , the wife of Wilson County Sheriff 's Deputy Daniel Fanning . The couple were hosting family and friends at their house when Daniel Fanning and a relative went into a bedroom to check out some of Fanning 's guns , Helm said . Josephine Fanning and the boy walked into the room later , and at some point the boy picked the loaded pistol up off the bed . Helm said she was n't sure of the relationship between the boy and the Fannings . The TBI , which investigates incidents involving law enforcement officers , is still conducting its probe , and no charges have been filed . The gun involved was Fanning 's personal weapon , not his service pistol , she said .	A gunshot kills the wife of a Tennessee sheriff 's deputy A 4-year-old had picked up the pistol , investigators say No charges have been filed , state police say
CNN  -- Friends have asked Brianne Bricker to be their bridesmaid so many times , that this summer she finally had to say "  no . " It 's not that the 24-year-old did n't want to be in her friend 's wedding , but after spending more than $ 5,000 on nine weddings over the last two years , she literally just ca n't afford one more . "  It 's hard , because she 's somebody I 'd want to have in my wedding , " Bricker said , referring to the bride she turned down who is a close college friend . But Bricker is n't the only bridesmaid to feel the burden of wedding expenses . After adding up the cost of the dress , accessories , travel expenses , wedding gifts and more , WeddingChannel.com found that it costs about $ 1,695 to be a bridesmaid . The estimate was based on a 2010 Real Weddings study that surveyed more than 20,000 brides nationwide . The highest expenses include travel to the wedding , shower and bachelorette party , which each can cost an average of $ 300 . Stars talk about "  Bridesmaids " Many bridesmaids do n't realize how quickly the expenses can add up , says Amy Eisinger , associate editor of WeddingChannel.com . "  From the moment they announce the engagement , to the day your friend walks down the aisle , if that 's a year and a half , you do n't realize that you 've spent $ 1,600 , " she said . As the economy struggles out of a slump , the price of weddings -- and the cost of being a bridesmaid -- is starting to rise . "  We saw the cost go down during the recession because brides were incredibly cost conscious in what they were asking their friends to do , " Eisinger said . Now , brides are asking for more formal weddings with larger price tags . While women want to be in their best friend 's wedding , some just ca n't spend all their savings on the big day . So how do you break it to the bride that you ca n't be her bridesmaid ? "  Be honest up front , " says Jodi R.R. Smith , author of "  The Etiquette Book , " which includes advice on everything from the proper music selection to the wording on wedding invitations . "  If you try to be able to do it , then you end up maxing out your credit cards and going into debt , " Smith said . "  You should never be going into debt for a friend 's wedding . " Smith advises women to turn down bridesmaid offers in person , but never during a wedding-related event like the bridal shower . Instead , grab coffee or find a time to talk outside of work . Do n't "  throw a fit " about the expenses , but just tell the truth , Eisinger says . "  You are allowed to say , ` Look , I 'm just not going to be able to afford the $ 200 wedding dress and the trip to Mexico for the bachelorette party and the fact that it 's a destination wedding in Key West , ' " she said . Destination weddings and honeymoons Brides who want their friends to walk down the aisle with them will probably offer to pay for expenses like the dress or plane ticket to the wedding , Smith said . "  If it 's a choice between having somebody be in your wedding party or having them all wear designer bridesmaid dresses , I would choose the people and the cheaper bridesmaid dress , " Smith said . Bridesmaid Christina Barkel was allowed to pick her own dress for a wedding as long as it was royal blue . After months of scouring sale racks and thrift stores , she found the perfect dress for only $ 40 . Barkel , an AmeriCorps member who earns a small stipend , is paying for only the dress and $ 450 plane ticket from Michigan to California to be in her friend 's wedding in San Diego . Barkel said the bride offered to pay for three of her four nights in a hotel because she understands Barkel ca n't afford the expense . Knowing what bridesmaids can and ca n't afford can be a tricky situation for brides . It 's not polite to ask directly , so Smith advises brides to give a spreadsheet with an estimated cost of expenses to their bridesmaids . That way , women can see if their bank accounts can handle the final total . More "  Bridesmaids " coming down the aisles ? But like in the movie "  Bridesmaids , " unexpected surprises like a bachelorette party in Las Vegas do happen . In these cases , bridesmaids should n't be shy to offer alternatives . "  Instead of the bachelorette party in Vegas , -LSB- if -RSB- you 're all East Coast people , have it in Atlantic City , " Smith says . University of Michigan graduate student Katie Okonowski , 23 , will be a bridesmaid in her younger sister 's wedding next spring . Okonowski said she was thrilled to hear that her sister chose a venue in their hometown of Dearborn , Michigan . "  The fact that it 's not out of town , and I do n't have to pay for a hotel or travel cost , is really a big cost saver , " she said . Travel is the biggest expense , but bridesmaids shell out an average of $ 75 for shoes and another $ 60 for jewelry , according to the Wedding Channel study . Tack on $ 100 for manicures , hair and makeup . Celebrity wedding gowns through the decades Katie Tobin , a 26-year-old student at Loyola University 's Law School , is attending nine weddings this summer and is a bridesmaid for two of them . She 's having a relative do her hair for her friend 's wedding after the previous hair salon bill was twice as much as expected . Tobin said she feels "  a little overwhelmed " with wedding costs because there are so many at once , and she estimates that she 'll spend close to $ 1,300 as a bridesmaid . While she 's using her savings to pay for the dresses and bachelorette parties , she can afford only inexpensive kitchen accessories as wedding gifts . "  I 'm still in law school , so luckily , my friends understand I ca n't do anything too extravagant giftwise , " she said . Bricker , whose friends compare her to the main character in "  27 Dresses , " says she has had second thoughts about being in some of the weddings in which she was n't as close to the bride . "  I think you underestimate how much it 's going to cost , " she said with a knowing laugh . "  To be honest , it 's probably some of the reason that I 'm as poor as I am . " Being a bridesmaid drained my bank account Tips for bridesmaids on a budget 1  The dress : If the bride picks a dress that costs $ 300 , do n't feel like you do n't have any right to speak up . Do a little research , and see if you can find a similar dress that costs less , Eisinger suggests . Or suggest to the bride that she choose a color and you pick your own dress . That way , you can find something more affordable . 2  Party planning : Hold the bridal shower and bachelorette party on the same weekend so you do n't have to fly somewhere two separate weekends . 3  Gifts : Consider group gifting when it comes time to buy the gift for the bridal shower and for the wedding . 4  Lodging : If you 're going to stay in a hotel room , find out who the other single girls are in the bridal party or ask the bride if she has any other single friends who will be coming . Then find out if you can split a hotel room with another girl so you 're cutting back on hotel costs . 5  Balancing the budget : At the very beginning , come up with a total number of how much you want to spend on the wedding , and then keep a running tab somewhere on your computer or your iPhone of how much you 're really spending . If the wedding is spread out over the course of a year and a half , that will help you keep your spending more in check .	Bridesmaids spend about $ 1,695 for dress , travel , gifts and other expenses , website says According to etiquette expert , "  You should never be going into debt for a friend 's wedding " WeddingChannel advice : Hold the bridal shower and bachelorette party on the same weekend
West Bank  CNN  -- Hundreds of Israeli police swarmed a makeshift Palestinian protest camp early Sunday morning , taking dozens of activists into custody for questioning before releasing them later . The operation marked the latest saga in the bitter back-and-forth over Israel 's settlement activity in the West Bank . The camp , which protesters dubbed Bab Alshams , sprung up Thursday , in a roughly 12-square kilometer  5-square mile  area Israel has dubbed E1 . In recent weeks , Israel has signaled its intention to construct settlements in the area . Some international leaders have criticized such a plan , as have Palestinian leaders who say it would slice the West Bank in two , cutting it off from the proposed Palestinian capital of East Jerusalem . Q & A : Inside Israel 's planned settlement Mid-day Friday , Israeli authorities gave the protesters 24 hours to leave the site , according to Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld . Israel 's high court issued an order for the activists ' evacuation late Saturday night . "  The notices were given out to all the activists here that they were trespassing , " Rosenfeld said . Shortly after midnight , more than 500 police officers descended on Bab Alshams to carry out the evacuation order . More than 60 protesters were taken into custody . Around 5 a.m. Sunday  10 p.m. ET Saturday  , all those detained had been released , said activist Abir Kopty . Six protesters were injured when officers punched them in the face , according to the Popular Struggle Coordination Committee , the organizers of the Bab Alshams protest camp . "  Even though we were evicted , our strength was apparent since the police needed hundreds and hundreds of special unit police officers , " the organizers said . "  This is not the end of the popular struggle and it will continue in its full strength . " Rosenfeld denied there were injuries . "  People were taken out carefully one by one , " he said . The protest camp -- consisting of chanting activists and tents dotting an otherwise barren hilltop -- sprung up due to Israel 's recently announced plans to build 3,000 housing units in East Jerusalem and the West Bank . Construction in the E1 would be an expansion of Ma'ale Adumim , one of Israel 's largest West Bank settlements which already has about 40,000 people . "  We are taking back this area , that is private Palestinian land , and building our own village , " said activist Irene Nasser . "  We can just look over  at other Israeli settlements  and see what this land might potentially look like , if we do n't actually  take  things into our own hands . " Ma'ale Adumim 's Mayor Benny Kashriel has cheered this possibility , saying , "  This place , this residential neighborhood , it is in the Ma'ale Adumim municipality , part of ... government land . " But many internationally have condemned further expansion of Israeli settlements in the West Bank , of which there are 137  with about 325,000 residents  , according to the settlement monitoring group Peace Now . Numerous countries -- including Britain , Denmark , France , Spain , Sweden , Australia and Egypt -- summoned Israel 's ambassador to hear criticism of the decision , announced late last year , to move forward with the settlement plans . Israel defies international criticism of settlement plans The Palestinians ' chief negotiator Saeb Erakat said such a settlement will dash any hopes of a "  two-state solution " -- with Israel and an independent Palestinian nation , living together in peace . "  There is no chance for a Palestinian state , " Erakat has said . "  Anyone who looks at the map , looks at the geography will know exactly that this decision means there is no more two-state solution . " CNN 's Kareem Khadder reported this story from the West Bank and Greg Botelho wrote it from Atlanta . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Palestinian activists set up a protest village in an area slated for Israeli settlement Israeli authorities ordered them to leave ; police executed that order early Sunday More than 60 activists were taken into custody , then later released , police say Critical Palestinian leaders say the settlements would cut the West Bank in two
Erie , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The image remains chilling nearly eight years later : a pizza deliveryman sitting cross-legged on the pavement with a homemade bomb clamped around his neck , surrounded by nervous police who crouch behind their cars . "  Why is n't anybody trying to get this thing off me ? " he shouts to the dozens of officers nearby . But before a bomb squad can arrive , the device goes off , killing 46-year-old Brian Wells . In the agonizing minutes before his death on August 28 , 2003 , Wells told police the bomb had been fastened to his body by people who ordered him to rob a bank and follow a detailed checklist before it would be disarmed -- instructions that amounted to a twisted scavenger hunt . Timeline , evidence photos , video , 911 audio The case fueled years of debate about whether the hapless Wells had been the victim of a heinous murder or a willing participant in a horrifically botched crime . The FBI later concluded that Wells had been a participant and closed the books on the case in March . Two people that agents identified as having been part of the scheme are in prison ; a third has died . But Wells ' family still believes he was a blameless victim -- "  innocent 100 percent , " his sister , Jean Heid , told CNN . "  They screwed up big time , " Heid said . "  They let an innocent man , my brother , die while in their custody and they did n't even lift a finger to help him . "  This case is going to be looked at for years to come , and they do n't want it known that they screwed up , " she said . "  Brian never would have done this . " In particular , she said , one of the plotters escaped justice . According to the FBI , Floyd Stockton knew of the robbery , but received immunity from prosecution and was allowed to go free . Prosecutors never called him as a witness in the trials , saying he was ill at the time . The FBI believes a Stockton associate , William Rothstein , was the mastermind of the heist and likely made the bomb , the affidavit says . Bombmaking materials were found in Rothstein 's home . According to the FBI affidavit , one of the admitted conspirators said Stockton carried the bomb out of Rothstein 's garage on the day of the robbery and handed it to Rothstein . Read the entire FBI affidavit warrant Rothstein then secured the bomb around Wells ' neck and followed him to the PNC Bank branch that Wells robbed shortly before his death , the affidavit states , quoting a witness who talked to Rothstein 's girlfriend , Marjorie Diehl-Armstrong . Stockton is a registered sex offender who was a fugitive from a rape charge in Washington state at the time the plot unfolded and was staying with Rothstein at the time , according to court papers . According to Kenneth Barnes , a convicted crack dealer who is now serving a 20-year prison term in the bomb plot , Stockton was to have divvied up the money from the bank heist . Stockton has rebuffed repeated requests for comment from CNN , both by telephone and in person . Barnes also gave the FBI information that implicated Wells . According to an FBI agent 's court affidavit , Barnes told authorities that Wells had been discussing the hold up about a month before it took place . Barnes ' story had been corroborated by another witness in the affidavit . By all accounts , the 2003 case evolved into one of the most complicated and bizarre crimes in the annals of the FBI . Police investigating fake collar bomb extortion plot Half an hour before the bomb went off , Wells had walked into the PNC branch on Peach Street in Erie . The bomb sat on his chest beneath a white T-shirt , which had the word "  Guess " spray-painted on it . And he carried a cane , which turned out to be a homemade shotgun . Wells handed over a series of notes to the tellers , demanding $ 250,000 . Tellers did n't have nearly that much in cash , and Wells walked out with a little less than $ 9,000 . Police caught up with him in the parking lot of a nearby eyeglass shop , where he died begging for help . Because it was a bank robbery , the FBI became the lead investigative agency . Agents quickly assembled a task force of more than 50 law enforcement officers from a half-dozen federal , state and local agencies . At first , the FBI saw Wells as a victim . Rich Schapiro , a writer for Wired magazine , has reported extensively on the case and told CNN that the notes Wells carried led him to believe he could live . "  The note suggested at the very end of this , if he completed it in the allotted time -- which was n't much -- that he would be able to save his life , " Schapiro said . One federal law enforcement official says the cast of characters ultimately linked to the crime is "  like a band of criminal misfits . " According to the FBI , those misfits began to turn on each other less than a month after Wells died . On September 21 , Rothstein called Pennsylvania State Police to report that there was a body in his freezer -- the body of a man named James Roden , whom he said was killed because he was going to report the bomb plot to authorities , according to the FBI affidavit . Rothstein told FBI agents that Roden had been killed by Diehl-Armstrong and that he had helped Diehl-Armstrong hide the body . After her arrest , Diehl-Armstrong implicated Rothstein in the bomb plot , and she eventually told investigators she gunned down Roden when he threatened to go to police about the plan . Rothstein died of cancer before being officially linked to the crime . Diehl-Armstrong is now serving prison terms both for the botched heist and for Roden 's killing . Her own lawyer says she has multiple personality disorders and sometimes has "  difficulty " telling the truth . ` Pizza bomber ' conspirator gets life behind bars Barnes , meanwhile , saw his 45-year sentence for the bomb plot reduced to 20 years because he cooperated with authorities . And Stockton now lives in Bellingham , Washington , north of Seattle . He 's the one Wells ' sister wants brought to justice . "  He did n't deserve immunity , "  Heid said . "  He 's the guilty one that killed my brother . He deserved to be brought to justice . " Prosecutors said Wells may have been duped into thinking the bomb was a fake before agreeing to take part in the holdup -- but they 're confident he was part of the plot from the beginning . "  No one could have sat through this trial without understanding the degree of evidence linking Mr. Wells to these participants , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Marshall Piccinini , who led the government 's case , told reporters . And Jim Fisher , a retired FBI agent and writer , told CNN that he believes Wells was murdered as part of the plot . "  It was a first-degree murder , " Fisher said . "  This was an intentional , pre-meditated homicide . Moreover , it was extremely cruel in the way the crime was executed . " CNN 's Blake Luce and Curt Merrill contributed to this report .	Case of bomb-wearing bank robber pizza delivery man occurred in 2003 Man who allegedly knew about the bomb and the robbery was allowed to go free Erie , Pennsylvania , case one of the most bizarre bank robberies in FBI history Two people were convicted in the robbery ; FBI closed the case this year
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The first daughters have gotten it along with other children , and more residents around the nation may soon be able to get the H1N1 flu vaccine as health officials say more is on its way . According to a statement posted on the White House Web site by Catherine McCormick-Lelyveld , press secretary for first lady Michelle Obama , daughters Sasha and Malia received their H1N1 and seasonal flu vaccines last week . The president 's daughters received the vaccine "  after the vaccine became available to Washington , D.C. , schoolchildren , " according to the statement . Since Friday , about 6 million more doses of H1N1 flu shots and nasal spray have been released . "  We have 22.4 million doses available for shipment out directly to providers and we 're getting to the level where it will become significantly easier to find and receive vaccine . " Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Tuesday during a press conference . Frieden told reporters , "  We wish it had been available weeks or even months earlier but we 're beginning to get to a significant increase in the availability . " The CDC had hoped that about 40 million doses of H1N1 -- also know as swine flu -- vaccine would be available by the end of October . On October 16 , CDC officials announced that only 28 million to 30 million doses would be available this month , because of manufacturing delays . Sens. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , and Susan Collins , R-Maine , expressed "  strong concerns " about the distribution of the H1N1 vaccine in a letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . Frieden also told reporters that while the H1N1 flu is still widespread across the country , some areas are seeing flu activity start to decrease . But he said the decrease is patchy , even within some states . He confirmed H1N1 is decreasing in Georgia , which was hit hard when schools reopened in August . Michigan schools were recently affected , with 117 schools still closed in the state , down from more than 240 last week , according to James McCurtis of the Michigan Department of Community Health . McCurtis said on the department 's Web site that most schools are closed because of high absenteeism . He said parents are keeping children with flu-like symptoms at home , which is what health officials have been recommending . CNN 's Saundra Young contributed to this report .	Since Friday , 6 million doses of H1N1 flu shots , nasal spray released Sasha and Malia Obama among Washington schoolchildren to get vaccine CDC : H1N1 flu widespread across the U.S. , but some areas seeing decrease
CNN  The new Greek government suspended competition in the top-flight Super League indefinitely after violence at a weekend match between the top two football clubs in the country . Sunday 's game between bitter Athens city rivals Panathinaikos and away team Olympiakos was marred by a pitch invasion despite a heavy police presence . The players and officials of Super League leader Olympiakos were also pelted with various projectiles and flares amid ugly scenes . None of its fans attended after a previous league ruling which was put in place with the aim of avoiding confrontation at games . Panathinaikos won the so-called "  Derby of the Eternal Enemies " 2-1 to cut the gap at the top to just three points , but the focus of attention after the clash was on the continued troubles . A Super League board meeting Tuesday to discuss the issue also saw an unsavory confrontation between representatives of the two clubs , with a reported brawl . Following these incidents , the ruling Syriza Party has made its decision to impose a suspension , which will be the third team this season that Greek football has been halted . "  We are at the beginning of the end ... everyone must understand that soccer with violence , irrationality and savagery can not continue any longer , " said Deputy Sports Minister Stavros Kontonis , the Greek sports minister , told reporters . "  The prime minister and the government 's decision to eliminate this phenomenon that insults all of us , including our culture , is final . " Back in September a ban was put in place after the death of a fan following clash between supporters of two third-flight teams Ethnikos Piraeus and Irodotos . The second sanction in November was as a result of a serious assault on the assistant director of the refereeing committee . Government acts Greek Super League president Giorgos Borovilos was summoned to a meeting Wednesday with Kontonis to discuss measures which could be put in place to tackle football violence . Kontonis , who had earlier met new Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras , told Greek television that this weekend 's games would be called off and that a meeting would be convened next Wednesday to see if progress had been made . "  If the situation remains the same there will not be games again the following Sunday . We hope everything we discussed will be implemented , " he added . In a statement on the official Super League website , Borovilos admitted solutions needed to be found to "  chronic problems " afflicting the game . He said it would be working with the government over the new measures , including electronic ticketing , greater controls on supporters ' clubs and a toughening of the disciplinary code .	Greece professional football league suspended indefinitely New Greek government imposes the punishment Suspension follows trouble at Panathinaikos-Olympiakos game Sunday Third time this season Greek league action has been halted
CNN  -- "  The Big Lebowski , " "  Ferris Bueller 's Day Off " and "  Saving Private Ryan " have long been national treasures , but the Library of Congress just made it official . Every year , the library 's National Film Registry selects 25 movies to be added to its roster with the intent of preserving them for "  all time . " The idea is to collect the projects that best represent "  the extraordinary diversity of America 's film heritage " and are "  culturally , historically or aesthetically significant . " This year 's additions range from those aforementioned comedies to Pixar 's first short , "  Luxo Jr. , " to the classic horror flick "  Rosemary 's Baby . " Interestingly enough , given John Hughes ' prolific career and how many seminal projects he had a hand in , "  Ferris Bueller 's Day Off " is the first Hughes film to be added to the registry . These 25 films bring the total number of movies in the National Film Registry to 650 . Check out the gallery above to see 21 of this year 's inductees .	The National Film Registry has added 25 more titles That list includes classic comedies like "  The Big Lebowski " There are now 650 movies in the Film Registry
CNN  -- Labor Day weekend may be just around the corner , but it 's not too late to plan the perfect three-day getaway . From coast to coast , there are plenty of free and budget-friendly activities to choose from . Whether you 're in the mood for a Jazz Festival in Chicago , a quirky traditional event held every year in Park City , or an American music extravaganza in Virginia Beach , we 've rounded up eight exciting events and festivals around the country you wo n't want to miss . Lake Tahoe : For carnivals , races and family-friendly fun Take the kids to the South Lake Tahoe Community Fair at the Heavenly Mountain Base Lodge for carnival rides and a ride on the 40-foot-tall Ferris wheel . You can also enjoy live music with an impressive fireworks display over the lake Sunday night starting at 8:30 p.m. On Saturday , August 31 , you 'll have the opportunity to board one of South Shore 's two Mississippi paddlewheeler boats , the Tahoe Queen or the M.S. Dixie II , for the 21st annual Great Lake Tahoe Sternwheeler Race , a unique only-in-Tahoe experience that can be yours for from $ 25 per person including brunch and drink specials . If you 'd rather be a spectator , cheer runners on from the sidelines as they compete in the second annual Heavenly Mountain Run , racing from the California Base Lodge at 6,565-feet all the way up to the Tamarack Lodge at 9.150-feet . Another notable weekend event is the 4th annual Sample the Sierra Festival on September 1st from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. , where you can sample fresh farm-to-table food and wine creations by local chefs and farmers . Share your no. 1 travel tip The Jersey Shore : For beachside water parks on the pier The beaches along the Jersey Shore have definitely bounced back from last year 's storm damage with style -- some of them even made our list of America 's Most Awesome Boardwalks , and Ocean City , New Jersey was featured as one of BT 's favorite beach towns . This Labor Day weekend , pay a visit to one of New Jersey 's many beachside waterparks , like Raging Waters and the Ocean Oasis Waterpark & Beach Club at Morey 's Piers in Wildwood , for a fun way to cool off in the hot summer sun , whether you prefer to relax in the lazy river or take on adrenaline-pumping attractions like the Cliff Dive slide and WipeOut . Waterpark passes start at $ 39 for adults and $ 35 for children under 48 " . Seniors over age 65 get in free with a valid photo ID . Families with toddlers and small children should opt for Asbury Splash Park -- try the $ 50 family fun pack that includes four passes to Asbury Splash Park , four passes to the onsite mini-golf course , four beach access passes , a daily parking pass and discounts at vendors along the boardwalk . Admission to Asbury Splash Park costs $ 5 for adults , $ 9 for children , or $ 20 for a family day pass for two adults and two children . Budget Travel : 6 Great Summer Destinations That Survived Sandy Baltimore : For high-speed racing through the city streets Kids ages 12 and under get in free  with a general-admission-paying adult  to watch the Grand Prix of Baltimore , an event held from Friday to Sunday where you can see sports cars tear their way through the 12-turn , two-mile track along Baltimore 's harbor at speeds of up to 180 miles per hour . Enjoy live musical performances by local bands , and treat the kids to family-friendly activities , Radio Disney shows , an obstacle course from the Port Discovery Children 's Museum and special insider access to the Baltimore Convention Center , where they can get an up-close-and-personal look at the race cars before they go out . Check out the Autobahn Indoor Speedway in the Esskay Family Fun Zone for a chance to drive high-speed electric go-karts from Italy -- go-karts for children ages 8-13 go up to 25 miles per hour while the ones for ages 13 and up can go as fast as 50 miles per hour . Children must be at least eight years old to drive go-karts ; races are $ 15 each . Adult general admission to the Grand Prix of Baltimore starts at $ 25 for a three-day ticket . Washington D.C. : For free concerts and kayaking on the Potomac Each year on the Sunday of Labor Day weekend , the National Symphony Orchestra performs a free concert for the public on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol at 8 p.m. . While no tickets are required , it is recommended that you get there early to get a good spot -- gates open as early as 3 p.m. and you can watch them rehearse at 3:30 p.m. . The 25th Annual DC Blues Festival is slated for Saturday , August 31 at the Carter Barron Amphitheater from noon to 7:30 p.m. , with performances by Fast Eddie & the Slowpokes , Austin "  Walkin " Cane , and Albert Castiglia among others . You 'll also have the opportunity to attend vocal , guitar and harmonica workshops led by talented Blues artists at the John Cephas Workshop Stage . The DC Blues Festival is free and open to the public . Want to enjoy the great outdoors during your long weekend ? Consider renting a kayak or canoe from the Thompson Boat Center for a totally different view of the city from the Potomac . Canoe rentals cost $ 14 per hour or $ 35 for the day and can hold up to three adults or two adults and two small children . Rent a single kayak for $ 15 per hour or $ 35 per day , or a double kayak for $ 20 an hour or $ 45 per day . Budget Travel : 20 best-kept secrets of Washington D.C. Chicago : For free art fairs and a jazz festival The 35th annual Chicago Jazz Festival takes place this year from August 29 to September 1 at its new home in Millennium Park . Admission is free and you 'll have the chance to view performances by The Frank Russell Band , the Charles Lloyd Quartet , and Donald Harrison among others . During the weekend from Friday to Sunday , Washington Park is home to the 24th Annual African Festival of the Arts , a three-day event featuring exhibitions by Chicago 's best artists and the music of Brandy and Otis Clay . General admission tickets cost $ 20 for adults ; family and weekend passes are available for $ 30 . If you believe that one man 's junk is another man 's treasure , you may want to check out Remix Chicago ,  formerly known as Ravenswood Remix  , a recycled art fair on Saturday and Sunday where artists showcase their original , hand-made art , clothing , jewelry and crafts made from used or recycled goods . You can even attend free one-hour workshops and learn how to get in on the eco-friendly action by creating new items from old or used materials . Virginia Beach : For three days of bands on the beach -- and a half-marathon Music lovers rejoice . For three days over Labor Day weekend  Friday - Sunday  , more than 30 bands will take the stage for the Verizon Wireless American Music Festival , playing all kinds of music -- rock and roll , jazz , blues country , and R&B -- by local , regional and national bands on a giant beachfront stage on 5th Street as well as several outdoor stages at the 17th Street Park , the 24th Street Park and the 31st Street Park . Highlights include three big-name bands that will highlight each night : Fuel opens for Daughtry on Friday night , Smash Mouth opens for the Barenaked Ladies on Saturday night , and Third Eye Blind performs with Robert Randolph & the Family Band on Sunday night . Tickets cost $ 15 - $ 20 in advance and $ 20 - $ 25 at the door depending on the performance . Those seeking a more active vacation can sign up for the Rock 'n' Roll Virginia Beach Half-Marathon , a race through the streets of the city on September 1 , that raises money for St. Jude 's Children 's Research Hospital . Registration prices may vary ; check the website for more details . Budget Travel : One-tank escapes from eight American cities Miami : For brunches and bike rides on the beach Miami is the perfect place to party year-round , and Labor Day weekend is no exception . Each year Nikki Beach Miami hosts its Labor Day Endless Summer Party , a farm-to-table Sunday brunch featuring made-to-order omelettes , crepes , Belgian waffles , rotisserie free range roasted chicken , slow roasted prime rib , hand-rolled sushi and among other culinary delights , a dessert station loaded with everything from macaroons to French apple tarts . The event takes place Sunday , September 1 , from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. with live music and beach-side entertainment while you eat . From $ 49.95 per person ; Mimosas , House Champagne and gourmet Blood Mary 's cost an extra $ 7 each with the purchase of a brunch ticket . Should you suddenly have the urge to work off everything you 've just eaten , take Miami 's public bike sharing program , Decobike Miami Beach , for a spin and rent a bike anywhere from 30-minutes to a full day . Thirty-minute passes are available for $ 4 ; one-hour passes for $ 6 ; two-hour passes for $ 10 , four-hour passes for $ 18 ; and one-day passes are available for $ 24 . Looking for a calmer beach experience ? Stake out the perfect spot on any of Miami Beach 's seven miles of sand . The best part : it 's free . Park City : For historic parades and the Running of the Balls Labor Day is more commonly referred to as Park City Miner 's Day in this part of Utah -- a tradition dating all the way back to 1898 . Each year there 's a celebration in honor of the area 's rich mining heritage , complete with a community pancake breakfast , live music , races and games for the kids , the Funky 5K Fun Run and the annual Miner 's Day Parade down Historic Main Street . Perhaps the most intriguing part of the celebration is the annual Running of the Balls , a charity fundraising event held on Monday at 10:45 a.m. where participants "  adopt " a ball for $ 5  or 5 balls for $ 20  , and watch in awe as thousands of them are released down Main Street , racing to the bottom of the hill . The first ten to reach the bottom of the street are tracked , earning their owners a grand prize of airline tickets , season ski passes or any number of other donated surprises . Budget Travel : Planning a quick getaway ? Do n't make these common mistakes Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	There are lots of free and budget-friendly Labor Day activities Jersey Shore beaches have bounced back from storm damage The National Symphony Orchestra performs a free public concert in Washington D.C. More than 30 bands will take the stage in Virginia Beach
London , England  CNN  -- Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says his star player Cesc Fabregas has taken on "  another dimension " after the Spain midfielder was instrumental in the 6-0 thrashing of Braga in the Champions League . Fabregas grabbed two goals and set up two others as the English side demolished their Portuguese opponents and gave notice of their intent to land the biggest prize in European club football for the first time . After the 23-year-old helped Spain to their first ever World Cup win in South Africa , he was the subject of intense speculation over a move to Spanish champions Barcelona -- the club where he began his career . But after his performance on Wednesday night , Wenger insisted Fabregas "  loved " Arsenal and is still improving as a player . "  He has taken on another dimension . People forget that he is 23 years old , -LSB- an age -RSB- where other people start , " Wenger told the club 's official website . "  He is a fantastic influence and it is important that he leads this team to winning and I believe it is a fantastic opportunity for the young players who play alongside him to improve as well . "  He loves this club . People doubted that but I never doubted that . He arrived here at the age of 16 and he enjoys the way we play and what more do you want than to be happy ? " Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho was equally pleased with his team 's performance as they opened their Champions League campaign with a 2-0 home win over Dutch giants Ajax . An own goal from Ajax defender Vurnon Anita and a tap in from Gonzalo Higuain secured victory for the Spanish club , though the Argentina striker and Portugal international Cristiano Ronaldo both squandered several chances . Mourinho , who is aiming to become the first coach to win the Champions League with three different clubs , told Real Madrid 's official website : "  We played well . The team 's physical and mental strength increases by playing . We can improve little by little . I need time , but I am very optimistic . "  Cristiano and Higuain were great tactically . We had dynamic offense and stayed well-balanced . That is what I need to work on . The goals will come . Some team is going to pay heavily for this lack of scoring and the scoreline is going to be huge . "  Cristiano can solve his scoring anxiety by one day not playing so well and scoring two or three goals . This happens a lot . You play and try your hardest , you build plays , you assist so that the team shines , but you ca n't score . It can happen , but the goals will come . " German champions and last year 's beaten finalists Bayern Munich beat Roma 2-0 and coach Louis Van Gaal was pleased to eventually wear down his Italian opponents . "  We played very well in the circumstances , " he told the club 's website . "  We let the ball do the work , in the first half as well as the second . But we did n't create many chances . However , we never let a very good opposing team get going , although they only came here to defend , which always makes it difficult . "  After 70 minutes , Roma stopped running , because they 'd been chasing the ball all night . That 's how we play it . The fans need to understand that we need time to run our opponents into the ground . We 've scored two good goals , and we could have had two more in the final minutes . "	Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger hails Cesc Fabregas ' performance against Braga English club beat their Portuguese opponents 6-0 in London Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho satisfied as his team beat Ajax 2-0 Mourinho backs goalless striker Cristiano Ronaldo to hit the back of the net soon
CNN  -- While an art student at Dumlupinar University , Turkish illustrator Murat Palta watched "  Star Wars " . As with the generations of fans that preceded him , he was struck by the film 's epic quality . Though the movie is set in the future , Palta was reminded of the colorful Ottoman miniatures that illustrated Turkish literature from the 16th century . Gallery : Cult classics reimagined as Ottoman miniatures "  I kept on trying to imagine what ` Star Wars ' would look like if it was placed in the Ottoman era , so I decided it would be good to illustrate it , " he recalls . Palta soon got hooked on reimagining Western cult classics in the Eastern tradition . For his graduation project , he expanded his portfolio to include antique-style versions of several cult classics , including "  A Clockwork Orange , " "  Inception " and an array of Scorsese and Tarantino movies . "  I guess I just really like movies , " he admits . "  I just wanted to make fun of them , but not in a mean way . " There is an underlying playfulness throughout his illustrations . Each took a full day or two to complete using a combination of handmade stencils , watercolors and Photoshop . In his rendition of "  Scarface , " Al Pacino shoots down his foes while wearing a fez . His "  Goodfellas " gangsters drive horse and buggies instead of cars and in "  The Shining , " Danny rides a bicycle made of wood . "  The first time I mentioned my project to my teachers , they did n't understand it , " Palta admits . "  They said , ` why do n't you illustrate Turkish movies ? ' I told them there 's no point . I wanted to combine not just the two cultures -- Western and Eastern -- but the two styles : modern and traditional . " They were impressed when they saw the finished product , however , and Palta , since graduated , has moved on to display his work  he 's gearing up for an exhibition in Florence , Italy at the Vaia Balekis Contemporary Art Gallery  . The project is also far from over . "  I 'm still working on it , " he admits . "  I think next I 'll illustrate ` Lord of the Rings ' and ' 2001 : A Space Odyssey , ' or maybe ` Pan 's Labyrinth . ' " Gallery : Iranian epic Shahnahmeh , remade for the digital age Interactive : Press freedom in the Middle East	As an art student , Murat Palta wondered what Star Wars would look like as Ottoman art He decided to recreate several scenes from classic movies He is hoping to add more movies to the mix , including Lord of the Rings
CNN  -- SeaWorld will resume killer whale shows while the company and two federal agencies investigate the death of a whale trainer at SeaWorld Orlando , company and federal officials announced Friday . The shows , which were suspended at all SeaWorld locations after the death Wednesday at SeaWorld Orlando , will resume Saturday with new precautionary measures in place , said Jim Atchison , president of SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment . Earlier Friday , the Labor Department 's Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Agriculture Department 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service announced they were looking into the death of Dawn Brancheau , 40 . Brancheau was pulled underwater when a killer whale named Tilikum grabbed her ponytail . A source at SeaWorld said that after seizing her , the whale dove deep underwater . Trainers eventually had to wrangle the animal into a smaller pool before they could retrieve her body about 40 minutes later . WESH : Watch tourist 's video just before attack A former head of animal training said Friday that Brancheau left herself vulnerable to attack and that she may have broken the park 's training protocol . "  Dawn , if she was standing here right now , would tell you that that was her mistake in allowing that to happen , " said former SeaWorld trainer Thad Lacinak , who had worked with Brancheau in the past , on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " Lacinak called Brancheau "  one the best killer whale trainers I ever worked with . " Still , he said , Brancheau should not have been lying in a slideout -- a platform covered by roughly 4 inches of water -- so close to a killer whale . "  When I was there we did have a protocol that you would not do that , you would not lie down in a slideout and get that close to his mouth . "  Now , whether she broke that protocol or not I do n't know , or if the protocol changed in how they were working with him , " Lacinak continued . "  But I 'm pretty sure it was her breaking the protocol . " Atchison said Friday that it 's too soon to tell if Brancheau violated protocol . "  It 's far too early to get to that point , " the SeaWorld president said . "  We 're really still trying to collect information , trying to understand the nature and scope of the event . " He declined to discuss SeaWorld 's training protocols , saying they are "  proprietary documents . " Atchison had high praise for Brancheau and said a charitable foundation is being formed to support causes she was interested in . He told reporters that video images in connection with the accident have been made available to the appropriate authorities . Atchison said Tilikum "  is a wonderful animal " and "  will remain an active and contributing member of the team despite what happened . " "  He 's a very special animal that requires special handling . Obviously the procedures that we 've had in place are something we 're revisiting at this point , " he said . Tilikum 's size and weight -- 12,000 pounds , compared with 6,000 to 9,000 pounds for the facility 's other killer whales -- was one reason there were separate procedures in place for him at the Orlando facility . When the shows with killer whales resume Saturday at Orlando and other SeaWorld parks , trainers wo n't get into the water with the animals . "  Direct interactions " with the animals were suspended in all three SeaWorld parks after the death . Various other improvements and changes will be enacted , Atchison said . iReport : Photo taken moments before attack Labor Department spokesman Mike Wald said the safety and health agency is looking into whether OSHA workplace standards were violated in the incident . It will complete a report within six months , he said . If workplace infractions are found , OSHA will propose financial penalties , Wald said . If that happens , the company could accept the penalties and make any necessary workplace changes or appeal proposed penalties before an OSHA review commission . David Sacks , Agriculture Department spokesman , said inspectors are looking into the incident from the animal welfare perspective . The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service wants to know if there were any violations of the Animal Welfare Act , a federal set of minimum-care standards for entities that get USDA licenses , including facilities that exhibit warm-blooded mammals to the public . Sacks said the incident will trigger a "  focused " investigation , in which inspectors will go to SeaWorld to gather facts . If they think any welfare-act violations contributed to the incident , a formal investigation will begin . Such violations could trigger fines and even license suspensions and revocations . "  If we feel animals are suffering , we can confiscate the animal , " Sacks said . He said SeaWorld Orlando has never been the object of a penalty enforcement . In a video posted on SeaWorld 's blog , Chuck Tompkins , head of animal training for SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment , mourned Brancheau 's death and raised the issue of safety standards . "  We need to evaluate our safety procedures and how we interact with these animals , " he said , and he stressed that it 's "  extremely important that we continue to take care of these animals the best way possible . " The same whale was linked previously to two other deaths . Tilikum and two other whales were involved in the drowning of a trainer at a Victoria , British Columbia , marine park in 1991 . The trainer fell into the whale tank at Sealand of the Pacific and was dragged underwater as park visitors watched . In 1999 , Tilikum was blamed for the death of a 27-year-old man whose body was found floating in a tank at SeaWorld , the apparent victim of a whale 's "  horseplay , " authorities said then . The Orange County Sheriff 's Office said the man apparently hid in the park until after it closed , then climbed into the tank . Nancy Black , a marine biologist who has studied whales for 20 years , said Tilikum could have been trying to play with Brancheau or get her attention or companionship . Such whales play with seals and sea lions in the wild , tossing them in the air , she said , but end up letting them go . But she said the whale could also have been frustrated for some reason . The incident raises larger questions about the captivity of wild animals . People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals said dolphins and other sea animals in aquariums "  routinely die prematurely of stress and other captivity-related causes , " and human casualties also occur . The incident occurred about 2 p.m. Wednesday . Tompkins said the whale had just finished a session with Brancheau , who was leaning over and rubbing his head . They were in knee-deep water , he said . "  She had a long ponytail that brushed in front of her and apparently got in front of his nose , " Tompkins said . "  He probably felt it . " Tilikum grabbed the ponytail and pulled Brancheau into the water , he said . Rescuers were not immediately able to reach her because the whale was too aggressive , the sheriff 's office said . She was recovered by SeaWorld staff members after Tilikum was coaxed into a smaller pool and lifted out of the water by a large platform on the bottom of the smaller tank , authorities said . iReport : Dawn Brancheau performing at SeaWorld in June 2009 Brancheau had wanted to be an animal trainer from the time she visited SeaWorld as a 9-year-old , her sister Diane Gross said . "  It was her dream job , " Gross said . "  She loved the animals like they were her own children . ... She loved what she did . "	NEW : Trainers wo n't get into the water with the whales , CEO says NEW : He says charitable foundation being formed in trainer 's name OSHA , Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service looking into death Dawn Brancheau , 40 , died Wednesday after whale pulled her underwater
CNN  Malcolm-Jamal Warner , who played Theo Huxtable on "  The Cosby Show , " has been quiet about his onetime TV father , Bill Cosby -- until now . In an interview with Billboard magazine , Warner said that Cosby was a major influence in his life , and it 's "  painful " to watch him become the subject of rape allegations . "  He 's one of my mentors , and he 's been very influential and played a big role in my life as a friend and mentor , " Warner said . "  Just as it 's painful to hear any woman talk about sexual assault , whether true or not , it 's just as painful to watch my friend and mentor go through this . " About two dozen women have accused Cosby of drugging and sexual misconduct in allegations that go back decades , in some cases . Cosby has never faced criminal charges . He and his attorneys have repeatedly denied the allegations . At least three of Cosby 's accusers have filed a federal defamation lawsuit against him , claiming that after they came forward with allegations , they were called liars . Warner is n't the only "  Cosby Show " star to talk . Phylicia Rashad , who played Cosby 's wife on "  The Cosby Show " as well as on the later "  Cosby , " said she sees the controversy as part of a larger plot . "  Someone is determined to keep Bill Cosby off TV , " she told Showbiz 411 's Roger Friedman . "  And it 's worked . All his contracts have been canceled . " Cosby was supposed to appear in a new NBC sitcom , but the project has been shelved . He continues on his concert tour , though some stops have attracted protesters . Warner said he thinks of Cosby positively . "  I ca n't really speak on any of the allegations because obviously , I was not there . The Bill Cosby I know has been great to me and great for a lot of people , " he said . "  What he 's done for comedy and television has been legendary and history-making . What he 's done for the black community and education has been invaluable . That 's the Bill Cosby I know . I ca n't speak on the other stuff . "	Malcolm-Jamal Warner played Theo on "  The Cosby Show " Warner describes Cosby as a friend and mentor , says he "  ca n't speak on allegations "
CNN  -- The Nepalese government has reached a deal to help reinforce peace after the United Nations ends its mandate in the nation early Sunday morning . The U.N. mission in Nepal was set up four years ago to push for peace following a decade-long conflict between Maoist insurgents and state forces . At least 13,000 people died in the violence , the United Nations said in a statement . "  I congratulate the government and the Unified Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist for agreeing on arms monitoring arrangements , which are so crucial to reinforcing confidence in the peace process , " said Karin Landgren , U.N. envoy to Nepal . "  I hope the parties will build on this to implement the long-awaited integration and rehabilitation of the Maoist army personnel . " The U.N. said in a statement that its mandate included monitoring arms and armed personnel to the Nepal and Maoist armies . Reintegration of former Maoist rebels into the Nepal army or the police was left up to the parties involved , the United Nations said . The U.N. Security Council reiterated its support for the peace process , and urged the parties to team up to resolve the remaining peace issues .	The U.N. mission in Nepal was established four years ago to monitor the peace process It ends its mandate early Sunday A decade-long conflict between Maoist insurgents and state forces killed at least 13,000
Images from Instagram , the photo-sharing app that lets user spruce up their work with a slate of arty and retro filters , no longer show up on Twitter , a popular place to share them . The change , foreshadowed when photos began appearing buggy on Twitter last week , was confirmed Sunday by both Twitter and Instagram . It marks a shift in how the app will be used and signals a new round in the escalating feud between two of the Web 's social media titans . Since Facebook bought Instagram in April , it 's been apparent that Facebook and Twitter , which rank one-two in popularity among social-networking users , are distancing themselves from each other . In the Internet age , data and dwell time equal money . With Facebook pushing to grow its mobile revenue  and modest stock price  and Twitter still searching for effective ways to translate its popularity into profit , this rift was perhaps inevitable . In July , Twitter stopped letting Instagram users find friends via Twitter they may want to follow on the photo app .  They did the same for popular blogging site Tumblr after buying rival blogging platform Posterous . In the most recent move , users began noticing that images posted to Twitter were cropped weirdly . By Monday , sending an Instagram photo to Twitter simply posted a link directing followers to Instagram 's recently beefed-up website . The move was first mentioned by Instagram CEO Kevin Systrom last week at Le Web , a tech conference in Paris . "  We 're working on building an awesome Web presence , which we just launched , " Systrom said . "  We revamped our Web properties , and now we 're able to staff up teams to work on Web properties with the Facebook acquisition . " A Facebook spokeswoman confirmed Monday that Instagram turned off support for "  Twitter cards , " the app that lets third-party images appear on the site . In its statement posted Sunday , Twitter also confirmed what happened . "  Instagram has disabled photo integration with Twitter . As a result , photos are no longer appearing in Tweets or user photo galleries , " the statement reads . "  While tweeting links to Instagram photos is still possible , you can no longer view the photos on Twitter , as was previously the case . " At Le Web , Systrom said the shift was n't payback for Twitter shutting down its friend-finder function . But he also said there are no plans to disable Instagram images on other sites . "  This is more of a one-off , " he said . Underlying all the back-and-forth , of course , is the possibility that hard feelings still exist after Twitter 's reported offer to buy Instagram was spurned in favor of a reported $ 1 billion deal with Mark Zuckerberg 's Web juggernaut . By allowing its images to show up on Twitter , Instagram gave Twitter users no incentive to visit its own site or mobile app . The amount of time visitors stay on a website is an important figure for advertisers choosing which sites to patronize . Keeping Instagram photos off Twitter also could encourage users to publish their pictures to Facebook , which allows them to show up in all their glory . Meanwhile , there are reports that Twitter is planning its own photo-filtering app , which could be out by the end of the year . Such moves and countermoves are to be expected , many in the tech blogosphere were saying Monday . "  The companies obviously realize how important photos are to getting users to share and interact on the web , so it looks like the competition is n't stopping any time soon , " wrote Eliza Kern for GigaOM . Others were saying this wo n't change the actual Twitter-Instagram user experience all that much . "  Breaking : one click to see Instagram photo now requires two clicks , " wrote TechCrunch columnist MG Siegler on Twitter . "  Trillions of man click hours lost . "	The Twitter-Facebook fight escalates with latest Instagram move Images from the popular photo app no longer appear on Twitter Facebook bought Instagram in April for a reported $ 1 billion Keeping users on your website equals money in the digital age
CNN  -- If volunteer work is a requirement , is it really volunteer ? Of course not . But that did n't stop Michigan state Sen. Joe Hune from writing a bill that would require certain welfare recipients to do community service in order to receive public assistance . "  The whole intention is to make certain folks have some skin in the game , and I do n't feel that there 's any problem with making folks go out and do some kind of community service in order to receive their cash assistance , " Hune said . Now as a former welfare recipient , I do n't have a problem with expecting people to work to earn money . But where I come from we call that a job , not volunteerism . Hunes ' bill bastardizes the word while positioning those who challenge it as pro-moocher . It 's a political parlor trick designed to fire up the kind of voters who saw nothing wrong with Mitt Romney 's infamous statement that 47 % of Americans are basically freeloaders . And it reeks of the Reagan Republican worldview that characterizes welfare recipients as parasites or inner-city welfare queens who vote Democratic -- even though seven of the 10 states the U.S. Department of Agriculture reports rely the most on food stamps have Republican governors . The same misdirection applies to the sister bill Hune wrote , which requires drug testing . Reports such as the National Survey of Drug Use and Health suggest drug abuse among welfare recipients is hardly widespread . Many states have tried drug testing for welfare recipients with practically nobody testing positive . In Arizona , for example , in 2012 , after three years and 87,000 screenings , one person had failed a drug test . Utah 's drug screening program spent $ 30,000 on testing and only 2.5 % of recipients turned out positive for illicit drugs . Florida 's program had the same results . In all cases , the testing -- which assumes all welfare recipients are druggies -- cost much more than the savings in welfare payments . And the United States Department of Agriculture found fraud -- selling food stamps illegally -- accounts for a little more than 1 % of all food stamp spending nationally . But that does n't matter . Arguing against testing makes it appear as if you 're pro-illicit drug use . Are there people who abuse the system ? Yes . And growing up I saw them around me . As Paul Ryan once suggested , the safety net can become "  a hammock that lulls able-bodied people into lives of dependency and complacency . " But it was my experience that people who were working but could n't make ends meet far outnumbered the abusers . This is what happens when inflation outpaces wage growth for the better part of 40 years . The richest 20 % of working families took home nearly half -- 48 % -- of the income in 2011 . The bottom 20 % only took in 5 % . These are the sort of details these faux fiscal hawks rarely , if ever , bring up . Which makes today 's demonization and humiliation of poor people even more unethical than when Reagan did it . This characterization of poor people as lazy drug abusers is often cast in the narrative of Democrats representing urban areas with large minority populations fighting Republicans from predominantly white regions . It 's impossible to ignore a racial component here that neither party should foster . There are ways to put people in a position to earn the aid they receive without trying to rebrand exploitation as volunteerism . For example , establish a program similar to the work-study on college campuses , in which qualified people could have access to jobs designated specifically for them . Transportation for America reported that more than 13 % of Michigan bridges are considered structurally deficient , nearly 40 % of the roads are in poor or mediocre condition and 161 dams have been classified as "  high hazard . " There is work the state needs done , and not all of it requires a degree in civil engineering . More important , polls indicate Michigan voters at least are willing to support a tax increase to address some of the state 's infrastructure needs . If politicians are committed to helping people who are struggling financially but want to discourage sloth , there are creative ways to do that without demonizing the folks who are struggling . But let 's not pretend that work in exchange for money is anything other than a employer-employee relationship . To do otherwise is dehumanizing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	Michigan bill would require some welfare recipients to do community service LZ Granderson says working for money is a job , not volunteerism LZ : Second bill requires drug testing , even though few recipients abuse drugs LZ : Creative ways exist to earn aid that do n't exploit or demonize poor people
London  CNN  -- They are a formidable new force in the tech world -- tween developers with world-class coding skills and firsthand insights into the games kids really want to play . At the forefront of this wave of young developing talent are a couple of entrepreneurial Irish boys who have emerged from the CoderDojo , a volunteer movement to teach kids computer programming . Since the first CoderDojo started up in Cork , Republic of Ireland two years ago , the free , not-for-profit coding clubs have spread to 180 locations in 22 countries . Harry Moran was hailed as the world 's youngest app developer in 2011 when , as a 12-year-old , he released his app "  PizzaBot " -- a game where a pizza tries to eliminate salami slices from a kitchen . He created the game as a class project at a CoderDojo , less than two months after he started learning to code . It became an instant and unexpected hit , shooting to the top of the UK/Ireland App Store chart , overtaking giants like Angry Birds on the way and also performing well in the U.S. and Australia . "  PizzaBot was an experiment really , " Moran said . "  I did n't want it to be successful , I just wanted to put an app up . " The secret of the game 's success ? "  It 's pizza and it 's a robot , " he ventures . "  Maybe because it was kind of based on Space Invaders , people felt they could relate to it . " Opinion : Teach U.S. kids to write code While he admits coding "  is not for everyone , " it felt like a natural fit for Moran , even though it was not a talent that had been strongly fostered at home . Before he started at CoderDojo , his parents would only allow him 20 minutes of screen time a week . "  That 's computers , PlayStation and TV put together , " he says . "  After I went to CoderDojo one of the mentors took my mum aside and said , ` You 've really got to let him have more time on the computer . ' " That extra time is now paying dividends , as Moran has followed up his hit game with a sequel called "  PizzaBot Season  ing  s , " and a new game -- "  Robot Run ! " -- about a quest to stop a rogue killer robot . Read more : Demystifying cloud threats and firewalls Moran credits his success to his affiliation with CoderDojo , co-founded by fellow Irishman James Whelton and Australian entrepreneur Bill Liao . Whelton , 20 , had run a computer club at his own school , and saw a huge demand for more resources to teach computer programming skills to young people . After leaving high school , with Liao as an angel investor , Whelton launched CoderDojo , in which volunteers donate their time to teach code to 10-14 year olds . About 10,000 children have participated in the program . Read/Watch : Gates , Zuckerberg : Kids , learn to code Jordan Casey , a young software developer who also released an app game , "  Alien Ball vs Humans , " at the age of 12 , is another CoderDojo success story . Now aged 13 , he has spoken at conferences in France , Germany , and India , while his company , Casey Games , has released an online multiplayer virtual world game called "  Food World , " and another called "  Save the Day " to mark International Children 's Day in Brazil . Casey had already begun playing with code before he joined CoderDojo , and played a role in having a branch set up in his town . "  I think the best aspect of CoderDojo is the collaboration and social aspect , " Casey says . "  Most people when they think of programmers think of people in their room alone , curtains down ... Now , thanks to CoderDojo , people see it just like any other club . " Read more : The smartphone app that maps your mental state Young people had some distinct advantages when it comes to tech , said Whelton , in that they picked up coding much more quickly than adults . "  It 's a generational thing . They 've grown up with this stuff around them , so it 's quite instinctive , " he says . They also had an edge in terms of an instinctive understanding of what appealed to their age group . "  I think their biggest strength is their age . It 's like they 're covert agents among their peers . " Coding had the potential to empower young people , he says , particularly in struggling economies such as Ireland where unemployment is approaching 15 % . "  There are still vacancies in tech though -- people ca n't get enough developers and technical talent , " he said . On a personal level , the clubs played an important role in helping to give young people confidence , a peer group of like-minded kids , and a sense of identity . "  When I was young , coding was my thing -- I was n't into the academic thing or the sporting thing , " said Whelton . "  It was always a passion . It was n't to do it to get a job , or make the new Facebook -- it was to have fun , to build apps and games . " But from an early age , he had an appreciation of the ways in which coding could have a more serious impact as well . When he was 14 , he came to the aid of his neighbor 's nephew who had been diagnosed with a tumor behind his eye . Doctors in the U.S. needed to see a scan within a day but the inferior broadband quality of the time would n't allow for the scan to be sent . Whelton stepped up by swiftly putting together a software app that allowed the doctors to view the scan over the Internet , allowing them to make a correct diagnosis and treatment plan and saving the child 's life . Read more : Heal thyself - the bio-inspired materials that self-repair Anyone can learn to code , he says . "  Myself , I did quite poorly in maths in school . But in the context of coding it makes sense . It 's more based around logic than it is around arithmetic . " The trick is to make lessons fun and relevant . "  Instead of making a website for the sake of it , you should be making a website for the local football club . " The open source , workshop culture of the CoderDojo adds to its appeal by encouraging students to quickly become mentors themselves . "  If someone learns or creates something new , " says 14-year-old Moran , "  it 's really easy for them to teach other people and share that thing . " In this way , the first generation of CoderDojo prodigies like Moran are already working to inspire the next . "  I 've taught quite a few people Android app and web development , and I really enjoy doing that . "	Developers as young as 12 are having success developing game apps Many prodigious developers come out of the CoderDojo , a free coding club for kids Started in Ireland two years ago , the non-profit has since spread to 22 countries Two entrepreneurial Irish boys are the club 's most high-profile success stories
CNN  -- It 's a good bet that Lolo Jones and Lauryn Williams wo n't be wearing singlets for this Olympics . But it 's also safe to assume that -- once again -- they 'd be plenty fast . These two U.S. Track and Field stars got one step closer Saturday to another Olympic Games , this time in wintry Russia . They are among the women named Saturday as "  push athletes " for the Americans ' six-women bobsled team , according to the USA Bobsled and Skeleton Federation . Williams acknowledged the honor with a quick , emphatic message on her Twitter feed to those offering congratulations : "  Thank you ! " Jones quickly followed suit , while noting that Saturday 's announcement means she 's part of the national team , but not necessarily off to Sochi this coming winter . The Olympic team will be named in January , though those on the national team certainly have a big leg up on the competition . The others in the same group as Jones and Williams include 2010 Olympian Emily Azevdo , two-time World Champion medalist Katie Eberling , two-time national push champ Aja Evans and Kristi Koplin . Those piloting the American bobsleds are Elana Meyers -- who won a silver medal as last season 's World Championship -- as well as Jamie Gruebel and Jazmine Fenlator . These are all accomplished athletes in their own right , though Jones and Williams are probably the most recognizable among the U.S. public . Williams , 30 , emerged in 2002 as a U.S. Junior then World Junior champ in the 100-meter dash , the same footrace in which she won the 2004 NCAA crown while attending the University of Miami . That same year , Williams made her Olympic debut -- finishing second in the 100 . The Miami resident finished first in the 2005 World Outdoor 100 meters , and was a two-time gold medalist  in 2005 and 2007  in the World Outdoor 4x100 relay . She also made the U.S. Olympic team in 2008 after placing third in the trials . The photogenic Jones may be as recognizable for her commercials and photo shoots in some circles , though she 's been a fierce and accomplished track and field athlete in her own right . The Iowa native is an 11-time All-American from her days at Louisiana State University , where she won titles in both sprint relays and the hurdles . In 2008 , Jones appeared on top of the track world -- winning the 60-meter hurdles in the World Indoor Championships and being named the VISA Humanitarian Athlete of the Year for good deeds outside the sport . In fact , she entered that summer 's Olympics in Beijing as a gold medal favorite , only to trip on a hurdle and finish seventh . She suffered another setback in 2011 when she underwent spinal surgery , yet still managed to make the next year 's Olympic team . This time , Jones did better but finished just out of the medals , in fourth .	Lolo Jones , Lauryn Williams are both accomplished track and field athletes Each has competed in summer Olympics as sprinters or hurdlers They 're named to the USA national bobsled team That makes them a step closer to the 2014 Winter Olympics in Russia
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- After heated arguments , the Iraqi parliament turned down the first draft of a bill Saturday that would have allowed foreign troops , including British forces , to remain in Iraq after the U.N. mandate expires on December 31 . A British soldier attends an Iraqi army training session Thursday in Iraq 's Basra province . Kurdish legislator Mahmoud Othman said the measure was sent back to Iraqi Cabinet members for reworking before resubmitting it to lawmakers . There is no parliamentary deadline for the measure to pass . The bill does not apply to U.S. troops because the United States last month reached a Status of Forces Agreement with the Iraqi government that calls for American troops to leave Iraqi cities by June 2009 , and to be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 . But after December 31 other foreign troops would not be authorized to remain in Iraq . This could cause a problem for Britain , which has the second-largest number of troops in Iraq after the United States . Britain was the leading U.S. ally during the invasion of Iraq and still has about 4,000 troops based outside the southern city of Basra . Five other nations -- Albania , Australia , El Salvador , Estonia and Romania -- have a total of fewer than 2,000 troops Iraq , according to the Multi-National Force-Iraq Web site . British troops will begin leaving Iraq in May 2009 , Prime Minister Gordon Brown said in a joint statement with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki during a visit to Iraq on Wednesday . Watch the planning to withdraw U.S. forces from Iraq " Othman said some legislators argued that the bill had not been assigned to committees , as is the custom before a measure 's first reading . The session became so contentious that the speaker threatened to resign , lawmakers said . Lawmakers will take a holiday break for Christmas and New Year but could be called back into session by the parliament speaker , Othman said . Watch Britain 's PM talk on withdrawing UK troops " Wrangling over the bill on non-U.S. troops began Wednesday when the first reading took place . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Measure sent back to Iraqi Cabinet members for reworking , lawmaker says It would have allowed foreign troops to remain in Iraq after December 31 Bill does n't apply to U.S. troops , who are to be out of Iraq by the end of 2011 Lawmakers questioned legitimacy of legislation 's first reading or raised other issues
CNN  -- Bayern Munich closed to within two points of Bundesliga leaders Hamburg and Bayer Leverkusen with a 2-1 victory at home to Bavarian rivals Nuremberg on Saturday . Belgian defender Daniel Van Buyten celebrates his winning goal for Bayern Munich . Daniel Van Buyten 's 82nd-minute winner left Bayern on 13 points behind the two top teams , who are in action on Sunday , and above Hoffenheim and Mainz on goal difference . Mainz won 3-2 away to Bochum on Saturday , while Hoffenheim scored three late goals to snatch a 4-2 victory at Borussia Moenchengladbach . They moved above Schalke , who lost 2-1 to coach Felix Magath 's former team , defending champions Wolfsburg , on Friday night . Bayern broke into the top three for the first time this season despite again starting with France star Franck Ribery on the substitutes ' bench , where he was joined by Miroslav Klose as young striker Thomas Muller was given the chance to add to his run of four goals in two games . Nuremberg fielded a defensive line-up , but striker Mario Gomez still managed to hit the crossbar for Bayern before Ivica Olic broke the deadlock in the 55th minute . The Croatia forward scored his second goal of the season after being fed in the penalty area by Muller , who was earlier denied one-on-one by goalkeeper Raphael Schafer . The visitors shocked the 69,000-strong crowd in the 73rd minute when Eric-Maxim Choupo-Moting equalized after good work by 18-year-old midfielder Ilkay Gundogan . However , Belgian defender Van Buyten followed up his midweek Champions League goal in the win over Maccabi Haifa by heading Arjen Robben 's right-wing cross into the far corner to help launch the city 's Oktoberfest in fine style . Hoffenheim moved into fourth place on 11 points as Senegalese striker Demba Ba scored in the first minute of injury-time to seal victory over Moenchengladbach . Brazilian midfielder Maicosuel had equalized in the 86th minute and then Nigerian forward Chinedu Obasi put the visitors ahead three minutes later . The hosts had led 2-0 after 17 minutes through Juan Arango and Roberto Colautti , but Sejad Salihovic 's free-kick beat goalkeeper Logan Bailly from an impossibly tight angle four minutes later to reduce the deficit . Mainz earned victory at Bochum thanks to a second-half double from 18-year-old striker Andre Schuerle . Midfielder Mimoun Azaouagh put the home side ahead after only seven minutes and striker Diego Fernando Klimowicz doubled the lead at the end of first-half regulation time -- but Andreas Ivanschitz reduced the deficit before the whistle blew for the interval . Schuerle netted in the 52nd and 71st minutes to give Mainz a third win from six league outings . Cologne moved off the bottom of the table with their first victory , winning 2-0 at Stuttgart with a 25th-minute header from Sebastian Freis before goalkeeper Jens Lehmann 's 89th-minute error let in striker Manasseh Ishiaku . In Saturday 's other game , Hannover were held 1-1 at home by Borussia Dortmund as Didier Ya Konan scored three minutes after halftime for the hosts to cancel out Nuri Sahin 's goal just before the break . On Sunday , Hamburg travel to Eintracht Frankfurt , Leverkusen host Werder Bremen and bottom club Hertha Berlin are at home to Freiburg . On Friday , striker Edin Dzeko scored twice to haunt his former mentor Magath as champions Wolfsburg moved onto nine points with a third win of the Bundesliga season . The Bosnian broke the deadlock in the 55th minute with a header from Sascha Riether 's cross , but Benedikt Howedes leveled with a header of his own 10 minutes from time from Levan Kenia 's corner . However , Dzeko relieved the pressure on coach Armin Veh a minute later to end a run of three defeats as he fired home from eight yards after being set up by substitute Makoto Hasebe . Schalke substitute Kevin Kuranyi had a late header blocked on the line by goalkeeper Andre Lenz , filling in for the suspended Diego Benaglio .	Bayern Munich close to within two points of Bundesliga 's top two teams Daniel van Buyten heads late goal against Bavarian rivals Nuremberg in 2-1 win Bayern third on goal difference ahead of Hoffenheim and Mainz , who both win Cologne move off bottom of table with first victory , winning 2-0 at Stuttgart
LONDON , England -- "  Ocean Emerald " is a superyacht with added wow-factor . Her startling appearance has made sure of that and in real life she is every bit as dramatic as she appears in these photographs . "  Ocean Emerald " is the second time Lord Foster has designed a superyacht . We were among the guests invited to the superyacht 's official launching in La Spezia , in northern Italy , when her celebrity designer and his team walked down the red carpet to cast his eyes upon his latest masterpiece . Lord Foster of Thameside is no stranger to eye-catching and dramatic design . His architectural firm Norman Foster + Partners is responsible for iconic London landmarks such as 30 St Mary Axe , better known as the Gherkin , and the Millennium Bridge . Foster is the master of the curved line . Imagine for a moment a photograph of the Gherkin split in two lengthwise and laid flat , recall the sweeping curves of the Millennium Bridge and you will see how he has managed to combine the drama of those two creations into what is arguably the most visually stunning superyacht of the year . Ocean Emerald is not the first of Foster 's forays into the world of superyacht design . It was he who drew the lines for the Lürssen-built Izanami , a 58-metre yacht now called Ronin and owned by Larry Ellison . Launched in 1993 , she is also a head-turner . Design and external appearance aside , Ocean Emerald is different from every other 41-metre superyacht in that she is not to be the sole property of any one owner . This perhaps is one of the reasons for her radical look as she is designed to appeal to those who are new to the concept of superyacht ownership . Unlike the traditional form of ownership , where one person , sometimes through an anonymous corporation , is the owner of all 64 shares of the yacht , the shares in Ocean Emerald are split either into eight or sixteen parts . These fractions -- one-eighth or one-sixteenth -- of Ocean Emerald have been sold to different individuals by the London-based company YachtPlus . When engaged to design the yacht , the Foster team were initially told to work within the confines of an existing hull designed by yacht builders Intermarine , part of Rodriquez Cantieri Navale . But after discussions , Rodriquez has produced a new 41-metre hull three metres longer than the original concept . Walking around Ocean Emerald , it is clear that Foster has taken all the traditional rules of yacht design , torn them up and started again . The public rooms benefit from abundant natural light , which floods in through the floor-to-ceiling windows , in addition to the copious artificial lights . Coupled with the use of pale-coloured woods , soft furnishings and white high-gloss , wipe-clean surfaces they create a wonderfully bright , modern feel . Unusually for a motor yacht , the natural teak decking extends right the way through from the aft deck to the saloon , ensuring a seamless visual transition between the outside and inside spaces . To join the Ownership Lifestyle Programme will cost an initial payment of $ 1.875 million . This buys you a one eighth share of the yacht and guarantees 30 nights per year on board -- ten nights peak season in the Mediterranean , ten nights peak season in the Caribbean , and two five-night cultural tours such as sightseeing , shopping , golf , Formula 1 , vineyard visits and museums . Each year there will be an annual service charge of $ 200,000 to cover overheads , including marine and hotel operations , permanent crew , mooring and berthing fees , year-round maintenance and mechanical upkeep , marine and port charges and cruise itineraries management . Lord Foster said : "  With my team we have given a new emphasis to such issues as quality and quantity of space , outdoor terraces , light and views . Our commission is for the total design concept of the fleet , with an eye on beauty , function and luxury , down to the smallest detail . We believe that there is great potential in the concept of luxury cruisers to think afresh such issues as views , light , privacy and the quality of spaces -- both inside and outdoors . " The concept of fractional ownership is fast becoming acknowledged as a logical way forward for those wishing to enjoy high-end luxury products without the massive capital investement required . Foster himself owns one of the shares and is very much looking forward to experiencing what it is like to step into the shoes of a superyacht owner . It may only be for a fraction of the time but it is also , as he so eloquently puts it , only for a fraction of the price . Subscribe to SuperYachtWorld COPYRIGHT © 2009 IPC MEDIA LTD. . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED	Famous architect Norman Foster has designed a new superyacht "  Ocean Emerald " has a top speed of 17.5 knots It will be co-owned by investors laying down an initial $ 2.6 million payment
"  Are you open yet ? " a passerby asked . It was 10 a.m. on a sunny fall day here , where a small group of staffers met a CNN camera crew outside of Smitten Ice Cream . By the time the doors officially opened two hours later , a handful of others had inquired about when they could get a scoop . The people wanted their ice cream . You see , this is not your typical ice cream parlor . "  Here at Smitten we actually make every single batch of ice cream to order , " explained store founder Robyn Sue Fisher . "  So nothing is frozen until you order it , and we make everything from scratch that morning . " Using seasonal and local ingredients , Fisher 's team creates creative flavors like cinnamon apple crisp , maple brown sugar squash and Meyer lemon gingersnap . Smitten does n't use preservatives , emulsifiers or stabilizers in any of its ingredients . And because its creations are frozen before your eyes in seconds , the process involves some serious science . "  We do get super nerdy about our ice cream and we get nerdy because we think it makes a better product , " said Fisher . No wonder Vogue called Smitten , "  arguably the freshest , if not the best , ice cream on earth . " After a few years in the corporate world and attending the Stanford Graduate School of Business , Fisher decided to follow a childhood dream . "  My mom used to tell me that I had two stomachs and one of those was solely reserved for ice cream , " Fisher said . So the little girl with the big appetite invested her life savings , teamed up with some engineers and spent five years prototyping ice cream machines in her backyard . The final product was a high-tech , patented mixer called a Brrr machine . Those who serve the silky smooth ice cream at Smitten are aptly named , Brrristas . Each order takes about 90 seconds to make and many customers took full advantage of that wait by snapping pictures and videos of the Brrr machine in action . Brrristas pour in organic cream along with other ingredients and set the Brrr in motion . It whirrs and spins and the mixing bowls become surrounded by a fog of evaporating liquid nitrogen . "  We use nitrogen because it 's super , super cold . It 's actually negative 321 degrees Fahrenheit , " explained Fisher , "  And a super , super cold freezing process actually has the ability to make a smaller ice crystal , and a smaller ice crystal means a really , really smooth product . " One of three different patents for the Brr machine is a double-helical beater that 's designed to scrape every surface of itself and every surface of the bowl to develop the tiny ice crystals . It also has "  smart " software that 's programmed to know when the ice cream is ready to be served . "  A smaller ice crystal makes a smoother , more luscious texture , " said Fisher , "  so our ice cream is actually a lot creamier than other ice cream in addition to being a lot more fresh . " But before the brick-and-mortar store and the frenzy of foodie fans , Fisher had to hit the streets to dish out her treats . She rigged up a Radio Flyer wagon with a battery pack to power the Brrr and tweeted her location for the day . "  I was totally broke and that 's why the only thing I could do was sell ice cream out of a Radio Flyer wagon -- which was a super amazing way to learn about what people wanted , " said Fisher . "  I tested a bunch of different flavors and I already had teamed up with our amazing chef , Robyn Lenzi , and so she made a different flavor every day . I 'd pick it out at her house and go into the street . " The combination of fresh ingredients , the magic of the mixer , and word-of-mouth proved to be a winning combination . "  This past summer we served over 20,000 people a month out of this tiny little 320-square-foot shop , so that 's a pretty good number for us , " Fisher said . Smitten plans to open up three new locations in the San Francisco area within the next year . "  We 're keeping it local , but we 're going to be spreading the Smitten love , " Fisher said .	A high-tech mixer , called a Brrr machine , can make ice cream from scratch in 90 seconds Machine is behind the success of Smitten , a San Francisco-based ice cream shop Creator : "  We use nitrogen because it 's super , super cold "
CNN  This was no ordinary second-round match for Serena Williams at the Australian Open , even though her opponent was ranked outside the top 200 . Williams faced Vera Zvonareva , whose slide in the tennis world the previous two years could largely be attributed to injury and illness . The crafty Zvonareva is a former world No. 2 -- and took on Williams on a much grander stage , the Wimbledon final , in 2010 . Zvonareva was still a heavy underdog Thursday and playing without pressure , built up three set points on the Williams serve at 5-3 in the first set . Trouble for the world No. 1 . But just as Maria Sharapova and Rafael Nadal stepped up when their backs were against the wall Wednesday , so did Williams . She erased all three of the set points to hold . It was the start of a 10-game run that propelled the 18-time grand slam winner to a 7-5 6-0 win on the first day of sweltering conditions -- temperatures reached almost 36 degrees Celsius in Melbourne -- at the year 's opening major . "  Things really clicked , " Williams told reporters . "  I had no other option but for things to click . I just had to start playing better . " Williams dropped just eight points in the second set , an ominous sign for her third-round foe , Elina Svitolina . Williams ' older sister , Venus , also progressed to the third round by crushing fellow American Lauren Davis 6-2 6-3 . Serena said she continues to draw inspiration from Venus , who was diagnosed with the autoimmune disease , Sjogren 's Syndrome , in 2011 . "  She 's like , ` Yeah , if I win it 'll be great . If not , I 'm not going to worry about it , ' " Serena said . "  I think that 's a great attitude because it takes a lot of pressure off of you . "  She 's done so much in her career . She does n't have to win another match . The same thing for me . As long as we can kind of look at it that way , then we both will do really well . " Another marquee second-round clash saw two-time Australian Open champion Victoria Azarenka tangle with U.S. Open finalist Caroline Wozniacki . After a close first set , the rejuvenated -- and healthy -- Azarenka won 6-4 6-2 and celebrated by dancing on court . She 's on course to tangle with Williams in the quarterfinals . Last year 's Wimbledon champion , Petra Kvitova , beat Germany 's Mona Barthel 6-2 6-4 . Kvitova is one of the contenders at Melbourne Park this year , having triumphed in Sydney last week . The 2013 Australian Open finalist , Dominika Cibulkova , is flying under the radar thus far -- which she probably does n't mind . And after getting past the tricky Kirsten Flipkens in the first round , Cibulkova crushed unpredictable Bulgarian Tsvetana Pironkova 6-2 6-0 . Another lucky escape Sharapova saved match points in defeating qualifier Alexandra Panova , but it 's an uncommon feat . Saving match points two matches in a row is almost unheard , yet veteran Feliciano Lopez has done it . The Spaniard fended off three match points against American Denis Kudla , prior to saving one more Thursday in the third set versus Frenchman Adrian Mannarino . Lopez , the 12th seed , eventually advanced when Mannarino retired with heat exhaustion while leading 6-4 6-4 6-7  3  0-4 . "  I feel very lucky , " Lopez told the Australian Open 's website . "  I think those two matches I won , I should n't  have  won , at least not the one today . I was very lucky . " There was no such drama for top-seed Novak Djokovic . Djokovic needed less than an hour and a half to see off young Russian Andrey Kuznetsov -- who upset grand slam finalist David Ferrer at Wimbledon last year -- 6-0 6-1 6-4 , but defending champion Stan Wawrinka had to work somewhat harder against Romanian qualifier Marius Copil . Wawrinka prevailed 7-6  4  7-6  4  6-3 . Despite the loss , Copil can take heart from the fact he hit the fastest serve of the tournament at 242 kilometers per hour . In a week filled with mostly positive results for the Australians , favorite Lleyton Hewitt -- in his record 19th straight tournament appearance -- blew a two-set lead to fellow 33-year-old Benjamin Becker of Germany . Becker , previously 0-6 in fifth sets , came through 2-6 1-6 6-3 6-4 6-2 . U.S. Open finalist Kei Nishikori admitted to feeling slightly dizzy due to the conditions but still eliminated another big server , Ivan Dodig of Croatia . Dodig failed to serve out the fourth set and Nishikori ran out a 4-6 7-5 6-2 7-6  0  winner . "  Hot out there , " said Nishikori . "  A lot of sun . It was n't easy . Especially third and fourth set I was a little bit dizzy and tired . But , you know , it 's going to be like this in Australia , so I think I was ready for it . Hopefully I wo n't play  in  this condition again . " For Nishikori , the weather forecast looks promising . The forecast high for the next two days is 27 degrees Celsius prior to the highs falling to the low 20s .	Serena Williams rallies to beat Vera Zvonareva at the Australian Open Williams faced three set points in the first set against the Russian Novak Djokovic makes quick work of Russia 's Andrey Kuznetsov Victoria Azarenka , Stan Wawrinka , Kei Nishikori also advance
CNN  -- Hundreds of people in Louisiana have been evacuated as widespread flooding threatens lives and homes . Gov. Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency Thursday afternoon after thunderstorms drenched the state with as much as a foot of rain this week . Eunice , a town in southwest Louisiana , has had 12.25 inches of rain since Tuesday , a hydrologist with the National Weather Service said . Jonathan Brazzell said seven parishes -- Acadia , Avoyelles , Concordia , East Carroll , Evangeline , Livingston and St. Landry -- have had widespread flooding since the storms began . There were no initial reports of injuries . "  The Mermentau River is well above flood stage and expected to go to major flood stage , " he said . St. Landry Parish spokeswoman Megan Vizena said 30 % of the area was underwater . Authorities in Franklin , near the Gulf of Mexico , evacuated 118 people after 7 inches of rain washed over some roads and bridges , the weather service said on its website . In Acadia Parish , rescuers saved close to 80 people from rising water , including 20 at an oil well . "  We will have more evacuations tonight , " Maxine Trahan , a spokeswoman with the Acadia Parish Sheriff 's Office said . "  There were so many roads that were closed there were not enough signs  to warn residents  . An iReporter near St. Francisville , north of Baton Rouge , shot video of the rushing water of a creek under a bridge . "  I 've personally never seen Bayou Sara this high , in this spot , in this short of a time span due to rain , " said Bonnie Marquette , who is a film location scout . The National Weather Service said at least two EF-1 tornadoes struck Thursday , one of which damaged 50 homes in St. Martin Parish . A third tornado , in Iberville Parish , was confirmed as well . More rain was forecast for the weekend , the service said . Watch encores of CNN 's "  The Coming Storms " at 8 and 11 p.m. ET Saturday CNN 's Sean Morris and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Three tornadoes touch down on Thursday ; no injuries reported Governor issues state of emergency for all of Louisiana Town of Eunice has had more than 12 inches of rain in three days Authorities have rescued dozens , and many others have evacuated
CNN  -- Pat Summitt , the all-time winningest major college basketball coach , said Friday that it was 100 % her decision to step down as head coach of the Tennessee women 's team after her diagnosis with early-onset Alzheimer 's . Her statement came one day after an affidavit she filed , in which Summitt said she had felt forced out . "  It was entirely my decision to step down from my position as Head Coach of women 's basketball at the University of Tennessee . As I stated at my press conference in April when I announced my decision , I loved being the Head Coach for 38 years , but , after consultation with my son , my doctors , my lawyer , and several close friends , I concluded that the time had come to move into the future and step into a new role , " Summitt said in a written statement Friday . In April , the coach announced her on-court retirement eight months after revealing her diagnosis . "  I did not then , and I do not now , feel that I was ` forced out ' by the University . Anyone who knows me knows that any such effort would have met with resistance . If my affidavit has caused confusion on that point , it needs to be dispelled , " she said . Summitt lauded as she steps down In her affidavit , Summitt described a meeting in March with athletics director Dave Hart , in which she said she was told she would no longer be coach after 38 seasons . Summit wrote that she had wanted to make that decision herself . "  This was very surprising to me and very hurtful , " she said in her affidavit , which came in a lawsuit filed by a former media relations director for women 's sports , Debby Jennings . Jennings is suing the school for age and gender discrimination and for retaliation . Obama honors longtime Tennessee coach Margie Nichols , vice chancellor for communications for the University of Tennessee , Knoxville , also released a statement Friday , hailing Summitt as a legend . "  Our goal through this transition has always been to respect her legacy as the best coach in America . We 're saddened that Coach Summitt has been drawn into this . We stand by Pat and her statements , both today and at her press conference in April , that it was her decision to step aside as head coach and become head coach emeritus of the Lady Vol basketball team , " she said . "  We are eager to respond to the other allegations in the lawsuit and will do so through the judicial process . " Summitt , who led the Lady Vols to eight national championships and whose 1,098 wins are the most in major college basketball history , remains involved in mentoring Tennessee players and recruiting as the team 's head coach emeritus through April 2013 .	Her statement comes one day after Summitt said in an affidavit that she felt forced out Summitt : "  Anyone who knows me knows that any such effort would have met with resistance " A university spokeswoman says she is "  saddened " Summitt "  has been drawn into this " Summitt won more than 1,000 games and eight national titles
Like many small inns in Japan , the riverside Kamigoten Ryokan has been run by the same family for multiple generations . But few can lay claim to a stretch like this . The Ryujin family has been operating this historic Wakayama inn in the Ryujin village in mountainous Kii Peninsula since 1658 , when it was constructed for an ancient samurai ruler as a holiday retreat . Twenty-nine generations later , the Ryujin family remains in charge . There 's a key reason this beautiful property is still going strong after more than 350 years : beautifying baths . High quality H2O In hot spring-mad Japan , this ryokan has earned a reputation for its indoor and outdoor bathing pools , the water for which , pumped in from nearby onsens , is high in sodium bicarbonate . Devotees refer to this type of onsen water as "  bijin-no-yu " -- or beauty bath -- and say it also helps with cuts , burns and chronic skin disease . Cue the skepticism . But as I can attest , there 's no denying the waters leave a silky , soft film on the skin post dip , so perhaps there 's something to those claims . Do they reverse the ravages laid upon us by the cruel hands of time ? Inconclusive . However , when most anti-aging promises come out of a jar or a needle , Kamigoten  or "  Royal Palace "  has the closest thing you 'll find to a fountain of youth . Guests have two options -- a gorgeous private outdoor landscaped open-air rock bath overlooking the Hikigawa River or the enclosed shared wooden baths -- one for men , one for women . A remarkable history Kamigoten is a two-story property that was registered as a "  tangible Japanese cultural asset " in 1999 . Chieko Ryujin , the current owner , says this means they 're allowed to modernize the property to ensure it remains pleasing for visitors  i.e. improve the sound proofing on the walls  but the overall structure of the building must not be touched . With its dark brown wood floors and staircases , Shoji rice paper screens and Japanese antiques throughout , it 's exactly the type of ryokan travelers looking for that quintessential Edo-era experience will love . Meals -- another excellent feature of the ryokan -- are included in the room rates . Guests are served traditional multi-course kaiseki dinners and breakfast in their rooms . Every dish is made from locally grown produce sourced from the neighboring mountains , some cooked in the onsen mineral waters . Fish is caught from the nearby river . All the rooms , which start from ¥ 16,200  $ 159  per person , are traditional Japanese-style suites with futons that the staff lay out in the evening . The elevated Onarino-ma  room built for the ruler  is where the feudal lord , Yorinobu Tokugawa , used to stay and is the top suite in the building . A town of samurai descendants There 's an interesting back-story to the Ryujin hot spring village . Ryujin was founded by Kobo Daishi  774-835  , the man credited with introducing the Shingon school of Buddhism to Japan . Legend has it he had a dream about a water god , who told him the location of the Ryujin hot spring . When Kobo visited the site that appeared in his dream , he enshrined a statue of Yakushi Nyorai , the medicine Buddha . Later , a monk named Myozan came to the village and claimed his skin disease was miraculously cured after bathing in the onsen waters . To show his thanks , he rebuilt the hut where the Buddha was enshrined and named it Onsen-ji Temple . A few hundred years on , during the first battle of the Genpei War outside Kyoto in 1180 , famed Japanese poet-cum-warrior Minamoto no Yorimasa was defeated and his troops fled into the Kii mountains . They settled in the Ryujin area and renamed themselves in honor of the village . The owners of Kamigoten are descendants of these fighters . As Japan moved into the Edo period  1600-1868  , Ryujin became a popular retreat for top samurai warriors , who were drawn to its thermal waters . It was during this time that Kamigoten Ryokan was built . Getting there Many travelers visit Ryujin village as an overnight stop on their journey between Wakayama 's sacred Koyasan and Kumano areas , which are linked by the beautiful Ryujin-Koya Skyline highway . There 's a daily bus that runs all year round from Kii-Tanabe station to Ryujin . The travel time is 90 minutes , tickets ¥ 1,700  $ 16.70  . Seasonal buses run from Koyasan , with visitors needing to transfer at Gomadanzan to the Ryujin Bus . Central Koyasan  Senjuin-bashi bus stop  to Gomadanzan is ¥ 1,690 , the Gomadanzan to Ryujin Onsen is ¥ 1,140 . There 's more info on bus timetable number 7 . Travelers can also book a taxi from Koyasan to Ryujin for ¥ 16,500  taxi holds 1-4 people  or ¥ 19,800  jumbo taxi for 5-9 people  . Travel time is one hour .	Kamigoten Ryokan has been run by the same family since 1658 The inn is famous for its onsen baths , which some claim have beautifying effects Ryujin village became a popular retreat for top samurai warriors during Japan 's Edo period  1600-1868
London  CNN  -- Andy McNab is trying to convince me that being a psychopath is good for business . "  When I look at CEOs , or even political leaders , I do n't want them to have empathy , " he says . "  What I want them to do is to have focus and to make the best decisions possible . "  I want them to be ruthless , " says the ex-soldier with a hint of passion so fierce it risks betraying his claim to "  have no feelings . " If the timbre of McNab 's voice gives much away , his face is inscrutable in the darkened basement room chosen for our interview . His true identity is hidden because of the anti-terrorism operations he was once engaged in as a member of Britain 's elite SAS . McNab is n't even his real name , rather a pseudonym adopted to write the 1993 book , Bravo Two Zero , recounting his time behind enemy lines in Iraq . Trauma , it seems , has been a recurring theme in McNab 's life , which may explain the man 's ability to master his emotions . Left at the door of a London hospital as a baby in a Harrods carrier bag , McNab had a rough upbringing , in and out of juvenile detention in South West London , before finding himself suited to the discipline of the army , which he joined at 19 . Although he was only officially diagnosed as a psychopath four years ago , McNab says he always knew he was different . "  As kids you run around the housing estates in gangs , " he says . "  Well , when the gangs started their smoking and their drinking , it did n't interest me at all ... I was always slightly detached from that . " As a professional soldier , McNab says he first killed a person during his first year in the military and was surprised to have felt no remorse . "  You are in a situation where nine out of ten times in conflict they are trying to do the same to you . So you 've got a responsibility to yourself to stay alive ... you 've got a responsibility to keep everybody else alive , " he says . But what exactly is a psychopath ? And is the disorder a hindrance or can it be a help ? From Charles Manson , to Ted Bundy , the annals of crime history are replete with examples of what you might term traditional -- or dysfunctional -- psychopaths , people capable of carrying out the most abhorrent crimes , those without feeling or the ability establish meaningful relationships . Now after extensive research scientists have begun to realize a scale of less extreme psychopathic traits that may lie in some of us , ones which , if harnessed correctly , McNab says can be a secret weapon . "  When we look at psychopaths , we always look at the Hannibal Lecter-type character . Or Norman Bates , but it 's a broad spectrum , " he says . "  Focus is the key . And , in my line of work , I have found where I am on the psychopathic scale has been nothing but an advantage . " Today , though , the grenades and guns are long gone . McNab saves his fighting talk for the boardroom , coaching top management on how to become better leaders , with a seat on five boards and a new book called The Good Psychopath 's Guide to Success . "  The board room is the same as the situation room , " McNab says . "  Nine out of ten times the decision processes are the same . "  I tell them , get rid of the empathy . Focus on what you 've got to do . The most important thing is the mission , " he says . "  Ask yourself what am I here to achieve ? " And "  empathy , " he concludes , "  does n't help you get there . " While McNab 's message might sound harsh , his doctrine is n't new . In 2011 , Jon Ronson 's book "  The Psychopath : A Journey Through the Madness of Industry " estimated the incidence of psychopathy among CEOs was four times larger than in the rest of society at large . In an interview with Forbes magazine , the journalist said the prevalence of psychopaths in the business world appears heightened because capitalism selects for their specific behavioral features . The psychopath , Ronson tells the publication has been "  hailed and given high powered jobs , and the more ruthlessly his administration behaved , the more his share price shot up . " And nothing makes a share price soar more than news of cost cuts . Which brings me to the question : how does a psychopath fire someone ? McNab , it seems , is often called upon to help navigate this corporate minefield . "  One particular woman I spoke to was brought on board to make about 400 people redundant . She had empathy for these people , for their families , for their mortgages . " "  For her it was -LSB- taking -RSB- a huge emotional toll . And it was a case of sitting down with her and trying to get her to think of it in a different way . " So does McNab think the free market has taken the stigma out of the word "  psycho " to society 's detriment ? "  Certainly if we are looking at capitalism , what we have seen is the ones who step up more tend to be high on the psychopath trait level . That does n't mean to say they 're the Gordon Gekko types . Far from it . " McNab says some two million people have logged on to take his web site 's psychopath test while numerous chief executives have bought his new book . But McNab insists he is n't trying to convert all heads of industry to his unique line of thought . "  We 're not trying to make everyone a psychopath . That would be totally counterproductive . "  What we are trying to do is to clear the decks for them to understand how their brands work , how their brains work , so that they can become more productive . " And to sum up his strategy McNab uses a word rarely mentioned in the context of the psychopath 's condition . "  It 's about striking a balance , " he says . ARE YOU A PSYCHOPATH ? TAKE THE TEST HERE	Andy McNab argues being a psychopath is good for business , and that leaders should not have empathy The former SAS soldier and author is a psychopath and says he always knew he was different He tells Nina dos Santos he did not feel remorse when he killed during his time in the military But McNab says being a psychopath can be a matter of striking a balance
CNN  -- Walgreens will pay governments $ 7.9 million in a settlement reached amid allegations the drugstore chain illegally paid kickbacks so that prescriptions would be transferred to its pharmacies , the U.S. Justice Department announced Friday . Investigators had been looking into whether Walgreens had given people enrolled in government-run health programs -- such as Medicare , Medicaid and Tricare  for military families  -- $ 25 gift cards if they moved their prescriptions over to Walgreens ' pharmacies , according to a Justice Department news release . Such inducements violate federal law , the department says . The drugstore chain 's advertisements typically noted that such offers did n't apply to those insured via Medicaid , Medicare and similar programs . But the government claimed "  Walgreens employees frequently ignored the stated exemptions on the face of the coupons and handed gift cards to customers who were beneficiaries of government health programs . " The government learned of the allegations in lawsuits filed by two whistle-blowers : Cassie Bass , a pharmacy technician who worked at Walgreens in Detroit , and Jack Chin , an independent pharmacist in Florida . Federal prosecutors from California and Michigan , the U.S. Justice Department 's commercial litigation branch , the National Association of Medicaid Fraud Control Units and the U.S. Health and Human Service Department 's inspector general participated in the joint investigation . Bass and Chin will get about $ 1.28 million from the United States for their actions under parts of federal and state False Claims Acts statutes , according to the U.S. Justice Department . The federal government will receive just under $ 7.3 million from Walgreens as part of the settlement , with participating states also receiving some payment from the drugstore chain . "  This case represents the government 's strong commitment to pursuing improper practices in the retail pharmacy industry that have the effect of manipulating patient decisions , " said Stuart F. Delery , acting assistant attorney general with the U.S. Justice Department . On its website , Illinois-based Walgreens describes itself as the nation 's largest drugstore chain with sales last fiscal year of $ 72 billion and 7,847 drugstores in all 50 states , the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico .	Walgreens settles with authorities probing claims raised by whistle-blowers The government says the drugstore chain gave illegal kickbacks to switch pharmacies It is illegal to give deals , like gift cards , for such switches to those on Medicare and Medicaid Walgreens bills itself as the nation 's largest drugstore chain with 7,847 stores
Silverstone , England  CNN  -- Formula One prides itself as the pinnacle of technical innovation and sports cars of the imagination -- but sometimes the sport needs bringing back down to earth . So on Wednesday Pirelli showed F1 a possible back to basics vision of the future as it debuted a new 18-inch tire -- a size fitted to many everyday road cars -- on the final day of the Silverstone in-season test . The concept tire is five inches taller than the sport 's current 13 " wheel and has a lower profile -- which means it 's comprised of a larger wheel rim and less rubber . Lotus test driver Charles Pic trialled the new rubber at the high speed Silverstone circuit , the stage for Lewis Hamilton 's British Grand Prix victory on Sunday . A former Marussia and Caterham racer , Pic set a lap time of one minute , 44.728 seconds on the new tire -- nearly 10 seconds off the fastest lap set on 2014 rubber . "  We were n't looking for performance , " Pirelli motorsport director Paul Hembery told reporters . "  The priority today was to show people what a Formula 1 car would look like with a change in rim . "  From what I 've seen and heard people seem to quite like the idea . Most people said it looked quite modern -- it did n't look strange . " Pirelli could roll out the new tires as early as 2016 . Producing F1 tires , which are the same specification as road car tires , would make it easier to share technology , as well as to reap the commercial benefits of being able to sell its customers replica F1 rubber . "  We do n't actually make any 13 " tires apart from for F1 and the GP2 and GP3 Series , " explained Hembery . "  The tire today looks more like the product we sell on a regular basis . "  Our business is focused on large wheel diameters and 18 " is almost standard for us , it 's the sort of thing you get on a sporty road car . "  Others might say there 's less advertising space so there is a strange conundrum . "  Our high end business is in wheels around 20 " -- so that 's the other discussion to have , should we be really going for a much bigger wheel ? Maybe F1 needs to do something more dramatic . " Assessing the tires after running on them for just 14 laps , Pic said : "  The overall grip was very low and  the car  was five or six seconds off the pace , mainly for the reason that all the aerodynamics and the rest of the car are made for the tire we are running now and not the 18 " . "  I think in the philosophy it will be a type of tire that will react quickly , so the reaction you get in the steering wheel is more nervous and each time you get a snap it 's quicker . "  If we go one day to this type of tire it will be a big challenge first for the team because they will have to build a completely new car around it and it will also be a challenge for the driver . " Asked by CNN if he liked the aesthetics of the tire he said : "  Honestly , I thought they were a bit too big but maybe it was because it was the first time seeing them on the car ! " Pirelli took over from Bridgestone as F1 's official tire supplier in 2011 but a series of dangerous blowouts in 2013 left it reeling . After making substantial changes to its rubber , Pirelli 's contract was renewed until the end of the 2016 season . A switch to a more standard 18 " wheel might be an incentive for other tire manufacturers , such as Michelin , to consider a return to the sport . But any tire change will have to be agreed by the sport 's governing body , the FIA , its commercial rights holder Formula One Management and the teams . The taller tires -- which are almost as high as the sidepods of the Lotus chassis -- will affect the aerodynamic flow , weight and suspension of the cars . "  We know what 18 " will mean -- it 's a bigger challenge , " Hembery continued . "  There will be variations in pressure , there will be sensitivity on the car 's camber and in F1 you go over the curbs a lot more so you do have an integrity challenge . "  Today is a first step and it 's in the hands of the sport to decide what they want to do . " After a major rule change , focused on new engine technology , for the 2014 season , the teams might be reluctant to embrace change again . As one team official whispered in the Silverstone pit lane during Wednesday 's test : "  Change is fear . " Hembery countered : "  Change is expensive , change is challenging and I 'm sure the team engineers will be scratching their heads going ` no , no , no . ' "  But others will be thinking maybe it is one of the aspects that needs to change in F1 to bring a different look and feel to the sport . " The FIA might look more favorably on a tire development that would bring the sport closer to road car technology . This season 's new engine regulations were partly designed to align F1 with the "  greener " hybrid technology now seen as essential to the future of road cars . The future of the multimillion dollar sport -- which now only has Mercedes and Ferrari as the two major car manufacturers running teams -- also relies on its road car relevance for its long term survival . Could a change of tires be another step towards securing its future ? It 's all about the tires : Pirelli plan on hold Pirelli comes out fighting over Formula One tire chaos Mercedes and Pirelli face sanctions over F1 tire test	Pirelli debuts 18-inch wheel as the sport tries to stay in touch with road car reality A switch to a more standard 18 " wheel will be an incentive for other tire manufacturers The taller tires will affect the aerodynamic flow , weight and suspension of the cars
CNN  -- Divisions between sexes start with pink and blue clothes for babies , move into dance classes and football practice and later into single-sex book clubs and bowling leagues . Those divisions , for the most part , are accepted and definitely do n't make headlines . That 's not the case for a renowned golf course in the Deep South that 's raising lots of questions about the relevance and fairness of exclusive , male-only clubs in the 21st century . Since opening in 1933 , Augusta National Golf Club has not allowed women to join , although women can play as guests of members . But conversation swirled around the men-only membership policy at the prestigious Georgia club as it prepared to open the Masters Tournament on Thursday . IBM sponsors the tournament , and the club has always extended membership to the company 's officers . But IBM 's new CEO is a woman , Virginia Rometty . Critics have called on Augusta National to offer her its traditional green jacket . When it comes to the famed club -- and the dwindling number of exclusive men-only social clubs around the country -- it 's not about enjoying the company of a single gender , critics say , and it 's definitely not about golf . "  It really is ultimately about power , and Augusta National is a big symbol of the last bastion of male hegemony over economic issues , the place where big business deals are done among the biggest , most influential corporations in this country , " said Gloria Feldt , author of "  No Excuses : 9 Ways Women Can Change How We Think About Power . " Men and women , boys and girls can still benefit from time apart , some critics say , but not when the separation deprives another group of influence . Even now , gender-restricted environments start early , when children join Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts or other gender-specific activities . K-12 education has seen a boost in single-sex schools since 2006 , when the Bush administration relaxed regulations on how public schools could implement it . Single-sex programs help children explore their identities during developmentally crucial years , said Dana Edell , president of SPARK , a nationwide coalition of girls-only programs . "  Boys ' and girls ' experiences are different growing up . It 's valuable to have spaces for both girls and boys to explore issues that are unique to their experiences , " she said . But even in those environments , the lines are becoming blurry . Girls can participate in the Boy Scouts through its subsidiary group , Exploring , and a Girl Scout troop in Colorado allowed a 7-year-old transgender child into its ranks last year , although some later protested with cookie boycotts . Private colleges are moving away from single-sex education as historically all-girls schools join forces with male counterparts or align themselves with bigger universities , according to Lisa Maatz , director of public policy and government relations for the American Association of University Women . Adult civic organizations began to open their doors to women in the 1970s and 1980s after a series of lawsuits . The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 1987 that Rotary clubs could not exclude women . Most of the private mahogany-paneled city clubs of New York and Washington , opened membership to women after being sued , said Martha Burk , former chair of the National Council of Women 's Organizations A few men-only social clubs remain , such as New York 's Racquet and Tennis Club , where a manager told CNN "  we do n't respond to any questions " before hanging up . Other private golf clubs such as Preston Trail Golf Club in Dallas and Burning Tree Club in Bethesda , Maryland , do n't specifically say "  men-only , " in their rules , but they only refer to men 's clothing requirements and locker rooms . Richard Lapchick , director of the Institute for Diversity and Ethics In Sport at University of Central Florida , said men-only clubs are fading as professional sports embrace diversity , but change is slow . "  I think you 're going to see less of them in the future , but unless someone puts the spotlight on a club , nobody is going change because they prefer things the way they are , " he said . "  For two weeks , -LSB- the media -RSB- is writing about Augusta National , but for the other 50 weeks , the club 's policy continues . " Augusta 's chairman dodged the prickly issue of women 's membership Wednesday , saying it was a private matter . "  Well , as has been the case , whenever that question is asked , all issues of membership are now and have historically been subject to the private deliberation of members , " Billy Payne said . "  That statement remains accurate ; it remains my statement . " Critics say Augusta and other men-only golf clubs are more than just places to tee off with the guys . They 're places of business for corporate elite , where connections are made and deals are brokered . "  The no-girls-allowed rule keeps women from accessing that power where they can conduct business and rise in professional development and create their own power networks , " said Veronica Arreola , assistant director of the Center for Research on Women and Gender at the University of Illinois-Chicago . The idea of golf clubs as power hubs has become so entrenched in corporate culture that women 's groups have hosted clinics to teach the game to women so they can hold their own on the green , Arreola said . The same kinds of discussions are n't necessarily happening in women 's book clubs or at the local Curves gym , the ubiquitous franchise marketed to women . "  Million-dollar deals are not going down at Curves , but they are going down at golf clubs , " said Terry O'Neill , president of NOW , which has men on its board and among its membership . "  The world turns on human connections ; when power brokers hang together , they do business together , " Feldt said . "  It really is a big barrier for women to be excluded from a place like Augusta that is so well-known for being the source of power-brokering opportunities . That 's really different from sweating side-by-side on treadmills . " Activists say the Augusta National controversy shows gender discrimination is taken more lightly than racial discrimination . "  If this was the first black male CEO of IBM , and he was not allowed to join , IBM would not even be considering remaining a sponsor or having any other executives in the club , " said Burk , who made Augusta 's policy a national issue in 2003 . "  Because it 's sex discrimination , they feel empowered to ignore that or treat it as a lesser evil . " Several states , including New York and California , have "  public accommodation " laws that say no one can be excluded from private establishments that sell food to the public or show films , exhibitions or athletic teams -- or places whose operations affect commerce "  among the several states " -- like clubs where business meetings over lunch might result in corporate mergers . Georgia , however , is not one of those states . "  Of course everyone is entitled to a peer group that they enjoy , " Burk , who is also the author of "  Your Voice , Your Vote : The Savvy Woman 's Guide to Power , Politics , and the Change We Need , " said . "  That 's different from keeping out people who are qualified and ought to be included in what is essentially a business club , for reasons that have nothing to do with anything except an immutable characteristic such as race and gender . " Because of its status in the corporate world , activists are watching closely to see where the controversy ends up . The implications of Augusta opening its membership to women are far greater than if Curves or the Junior League were to suddenly start courting men , said Feldt , author of "  No Excuses . " "  We 'll know feminism has won the day , " she said , "  when men are trying to beat down the doors to women-only organizations . " Emily Smith contributed to this article .	Heated debate : Should Augusta National extend membership to IBM chief ? Longtime men-only clubs and organizations are gradually opening doors to women Power brokers meet at men-only social and sports clubs like Augusta National President of NOW : "  Million-dollar deals are not going down at Curves "
The U.S. Justice Department announced Tuesday that it will not pursue federal criminal civil rights charges against Michigan police officers who shot and killed a knife-wielding homeless man in July 2012 . Authorities said there was insufficient "  evidence of willful misconduct " to warrant a federal criminal prosecution of the Saginaw Police Department officers who fired 46 bullets at Milton Hall , 49 , during an argument . Hall was hit 11 times . The incident occurred July 1 , 2012 , in a parking lot next to a shuttered Chinese restaurant , in full view of passing motorists . A video of the incident was obtained exclusively by CNN weeks later . The Saginaw County prosecutor and the Michigan attorney general had declined to prosecute the officers . "  After a careful review of all of the evidence , experienced prosecutors from the Criminal Section of the Civil Rights Division and the United States Attorney 's Office for the Eastern District of Michigan have determined that the evidence in this case is insufficient to prove , beyond a reasonable doubt , that the SPD officers willfully shot Hall for an unlawful purpose , rather than for their stated purpose of preventing Hall from harming SPD staff , " the Justice Department said in a statement . The statement continued : "  Even if the officers were mistaken in their assessment of the threat posed by Hall , this would not establish that the officers acted willfully , or with an unlawful intent , when using deadly force against Hall . " Hall 's family said he had a history of mental illness . At the time of the shooting , then-Saginaw Police Chief Gerald Cliff said Hall was "  known to be an assaultive person " with "  a long history " of contacts with law enforcement , "  not only with police from our department , but with the county . " In the video purchased by CNN , shot by a motorist from across the street , Hall was seen arguing with a half dozen officers . For more than three minutes he walks back and forth , and at one time appears to crouch in a "  karate stance , " according to the man who captured the scene . Police said Hall had just had a run-in with a convenience store clerk . On the video , he tells police , "  My name is Milton Hall , I just called 911 . My name is Milton , and I 'm p -- ed off . " When an officer tells him to put the knife down , he responds , "  I ai n't putting s -- t down . " He appears unimpressed by a police dog , telling officers , "  Let him go . Let the motherf -- ing dog go . " Finally , Hall turns to the left of the frame , where another officer had moved out of view a short time earlier . That 's when the police open fire with a reported 46 shots in a five-second hail of bullets . The on-site police supervisor was demoted to patrolman , police said afterward . Two others were disciplined for violating department policies in connection with the shooting . Three of their five dash-cam video cameras were not working properly . In a statement , Jewel Hall , Milton 's mother , said she was not surprised by Tuesday 's development . "  However , that decision does not negate the civil litigation that we can pursue and the standards in that matter are less stringent and we believe justice will prevail . " The family filed a wrongful death lawsuit last year against the police department and the officers involved in the shooting after conducting its own investigation and consulting two nationally known experts in police practices , lawyers for the family said .	Mother of Milton Hall releases statement Hall , 49 , died in a hail of police bullets on July 1 , 2012 Michigan police officers shot , killed knife-wielding man Officers fired 46 bullets , hitting Hall 11 times
CNN  -- If you have been an Apple stockholder last year , you probably feel like you have been on a roller coaster . Apple began 2012 by attaining the largest market cap in the world , with some analysts predicting that it would cross a trillion in market value . The stock price hit $ 700 in September , around the introduction of the iPhone 5 . But in the weeks after , disillusionment set in and the stock price dropped to about $ 500 by the end of the year . Recent earnings disappointment has plunged the stock some 12 % , and panic seems to have set in . How can a company fall from grace so quickly , especially when it still possesses enviable profit margins and perhaps the most valuable franchise in the world ? The answer lies in recognizing that a market price is set by demand and supply , which , in turn , are driven not only by underlying value but also by other factors including hope , hype and momentum . Apple is particularly susceptible to these "  nonvalue " forces . Apple has acquired a motley collection of investors , with wildly divergent views about the company and its future . There are growth investors , who were attracted by its capacity to come up with new products and conquer new markets . There are momentum investors , who were drawn by the ever-rising stock price  at least a year ago  . And there are value investors , who were enticed by its capacity to generate and pay out large cash flows . The ubiquitous presence of Apple products has made each of these types of investors an expert on the company 's future . Thus , investors who would not have dared forecast the futures of GE and Exxon Mobil -- when they were the largest market cap companies in the world -- feel no qualms about prognosticating Apple 's future . You may wonder : So what ? When a stock becomes a pricing play , investors no longer pay attention to underlying value and instead focus on trivial stories , such as the lack of crowds at the Shanghai store for the introduction of the iPhone 5 . Investors react in exaggerated  and herd-like  fashion to small , often insignificant surprises . Given that you and I as investors can do little about the crowd insanity that characterizes Apple 's stock today , what should we do ? You can try to play the pricing game and get ahead of momentum shifts , a dangerous game that I , for one , have neither the stomach nor the expertise to play . Alternatively , you can look past the price at Apple 's underlying value , based on its capacity to generate growth and margins over time . At the end of last year , I estimated a value of roughly $ 609 per share for the company . While this valuation predates the most recent earnings report , I see little reason to revisit it , since the revenue growth and margins that Apple reported are actually in line with what I had used in my valuation . If you do decide to buy Apple 's stock , as I did last week , remember that the pricing game has its own internal dynamics that may cause the price to move further away from value , before there is a correction . So , it is entirely possible that your "  value play " in Apple could yield disappointments in the near term . To be successful , you have to be able to hold the stock through these disappointments and to stop listening to equity research analysts and Apple experts in the meantime . As for the company , it is time for a reboot . I feel sympathy for CEO Tim Cook , who has big shoes to fill . But there are three things that Apple can do to put itself back on even keel . First , the company has to regain credibility with investors , both in terms of guidance that it provides on upcoming earnings and the information it makes available about its product plans . Apple has acquired a reputation for lowballing its expected results before earnings reports . Instead of making it easier for the company to beat expectations , it has led instead to markets paying little heed to the guidance . Also , Apple 's secrecy about new products and strategies might be a great marketing strategy , but it creates an information vacuum , which is filled with rumors and fantasy . Second , the company has to stop trying to be all things to all investors and make its stand on whether it sees itself more as a growth company or a more mature company . By making the choice to be a mature company , Apple is not forsaking growth , but it is signaling that its emphasis will be on protecting the profitability of its current franchises first before seeking out new growth opportunities . By doing so , it may be able to create a more homogeneous investor base that is less likely to be at war with itself . Third , once Apple makes its stand as a growth or mature company , it has to behave consistently . So if it decides that it is a mature company , it should return more cash to its stockholders . The tax code is tilted toward debt , and a company that can afford to borrow money that does not is not using that tax benefit . So perhaps in the future , the company should think about using a little debt to fund itself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aswath Damodaran .	Despite record quarterly profit , Apple 's stock price plunged 12 % recently Aswath Damodaran : How can a valuable company fall from grace so quickly ? He says Apple has acquired investors with wildly divergent views about the company Damodaran : When a stock becomes a pricing play , investors look past real value
CNN  -- Singer Al Jarreau "  became weak from the altitude " in the French Alps and was hospitalized Wednesday , forcing the jazz singer to cancel several shows in France , Germany and Azerbaijan over the next week , his publicist said . Jarreau was admitted to an intensive care unit after he arrived in the resort town of Barcelonette in the southern French Alps , the publicist said in a written statement . "  He is now awake and his first question was to enquire about his wife , Susan , and his second question was to ask about his tour dates , " the statement said . "  He is always thinking about other people . " His condition was stabilized , but the doctor advised Jarreau to take a few days off of his tour to recover , it said . In addition to missing the Barcelenette show , the illness forced cancellation of shows in Osnabruck and Braunschweig , Germany and Qabala , Azerbaijan . "  Al deeply regrets having been forced to cancel these four concerts and thus disappointing his fans , but is looking forward to returning to perform in these cities some time in the future , " the statement said . Jarreau could return to the concert stage next Thursday in Nuremberg , Germany , it said .	Jarreau was admitted to an ICU in the French Alps Doctors told the jazz singer to take time off Four concerts have been cancelled Jarreau could resume his tour next Thursday
London  CNN  -- European leaders have warned Britain against the dangers of cherry-picking European Union policy after David Cameron announced Britain would hold a referendum on its European Union membership if his Conservative Party is re-elected in 2015 . Ahead of the British prime minister 's speech , U.S. President Barack Obama had also advised Cameron that the United States valued Britain 's membership of the European bloc . However , Cameron used Wednesday 's speech in central London to say Britons should have a choice about whether to remain in the EU on the basis of a renegotiated settlement . He promised to hold a referendum by the end of 2017 . Read more : Cameron promises referendum on Britain 's place in Europe After Cameron 's speech , the President of the European Parliament Martin Schulz tweeted : " #Cameron 's Europe a la carte not an option . We have to focus on jobs & growth rather than getting lost in treaties discussions . " "  We need a #UK as a fully fledged member not harboring in the port of Dover . UK can shape #EU by working with its partners , " the German politician said . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius used similar language in an interview on France Info radio saying Europe could not be "  a la carte , " Agence France-Presse  AFP  reported . "  Imagine the EU was a football club : once you 've joined up and you 're in this club , you ca n't then say you want to play rugby , " it quoted him as saying . "  It risks being dangerous for Britain itself because Britain outside of Europe , that will be difficult , " Fabius said . German Chancellor Angela Merkel told reporters that being part of Europe involved compromise . "  Europe also always means that you have to find fair compromises . In this context , we are of course ready also to talk about British wishes but one must keep in mind that other countries also have other wishes , " Merkel said . German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle told reporters his country wanted Britain "  to remain an active and constructive part of the European Union " and warned against "  cherry-picking . " "  We strive to create a better Europe , the European Union becoming even stronger with overcoming the debt crisis and regaining global competitiveness , " AFP quoted him as saying . "  We share a common destiny in challenging times of globalization . And in challenging times of globalization , we as Europeans , we are all in the same boat . " iReport : Do you think Britain should stay in the EU ? EU Commission spokeswoman Pia Ahrenkilde Hansen told it was "  very much in the EU 's interest and UK 's interest " that London remain "  an active member . " Ireland 's Deputy Prime Minister Tanaiste Eamon Gilmore said Britain 's membership of the EU was in both parties ' best interests . "  And as far as Ireland is concerned , because of our close connections with Britain , we want to see Britain as a fully engaged member of the EU , " the Press Association  PA  quoted him as saying . Former Belgian prime minister Guy Verhofstadt warned against trying "  hold the EU to ransom . " The leader of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe in the European Parliament said Cameron 's speech was "  filled with inconsistencies " and showed "  a degree of ignorance about how the EU works . " "  By holding out the prospect of renegotiating the terms of Britain 's membership of the EU and subjecting it to a referendum , David Cameron is playing with fire . "  He can control neither the timing nor the outcome of the negotiations and in so doing is raising false expectations that can never be met . " Obama last week told Cameron that "  the United States values a strong UK in a strong European Union . " Philip Gordon , the U.S. assistant secretary for European affairs , also made it clear that there would be consequences for Britain if it either left the EU or played a lesser role in Brussels . "  We have a growing relationship with the EU as an institution , which has an increasing voice in the world , and we want to see a strong British voice in that EU , " he told reporters at the U.S. Embassy in London . "  That is in America 's interests . We welcome an outward-looking EU with Britain in it . " The New York Times reported Wednesday that the implications of Cameron 's speech had "  alarmed " the Obama administration and were likely to set up "  a divisive debate within Britain and across Europe . " Deutschewelle 's Europe Editor Joanna Impey wrote that leaving the EU would "  not insulate the UK from the crisis in the eurozone . " "  The EU is Britain 's biggest trading partner , and it makes sense to remain within the bloc and to be able to make the rules rather than simply abide by them , " she said . But Impey added that the Conservative Party would need to be re-elected for the referendum to go ahead . A Downing Street spokeswoman said criticism of Cameron 's referendum plan could be expected . "  But it is not always our job to worry about what the foreign ministers are saying , " she told PA. . "  It is our job to worry about what the British people are saying . " Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg -- whose Liberal Democrat party is in coalition with Cameron 's Conservatives -- told PA a referendum was not in the national interest . In Britain 's House of Commons , Labour Party Leader Ed Miliband said he was opposed to an in/out referendum . Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , speaking at the Davos summit , told Sky News he did not see "  a compelling reason " to put the question of Britain 's EU membership on the agenda . "  Europe does need Britain and Britain needs Europe , " Blair said . "  Why say we 're actually going to put on the agenda the prospect of leaving Europe altogether ? "	UK PM David Cameron promises to hold a referendum on EU membership by 2017 French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius says Europe can not be "  a la carte " Germany warns against "  cherry-picking " saying Europeans are in the same boat U.S. President Barack Obama had told Cameron the U.S. valued the UK 's place in the EU
Jerusalem , Israel  CNN  -- A top Israeli official on Sunday criticized a new statement from Catholic bishops on the Middle East and blasted the remarks of a Catholic archbishop who spearheaded the statement as "  libel . " On Saturday , Catholic bishops from the Middle East concluded a two-week conference in Rome , Italy , with a call for the international community , especially the United Nations , to work "  to put an end to the occupation " of Palestinian territories . On Sunday , Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon criticized that concluding statement of the conference , called a synod . "  We express our disappointment that this important synod has become a forum for political attacks on Israel in the best history of Arab propaganda , " Ayalon said in a statement . "  The synod was hijacked by an anti-Israel majority . " Ayalon singled out the remarks of a Catholic archbishop who said at the conference that Israel is not the Jews ' promised land . "  We Christians can not speak of the ` promised land ' as an exclusive right for a privileged Jewish people , " Archbishop Cyril Salim Bustros , who leads the Greek Melkite Church in the U.S. , said at the conference 's final press conference on Saturday . "  This promise was nullified by Christ . " "  There is no longer a chosen people -- all men and women of all countries have become the chosen people , " Bustros said . On Sunday , Israel 's Ayalon said that "  We are especially appalled at the language used by Archbishop Bustros during his press conference . " Bustros led the committee that drafted the synod 's concluding statement on Israel and the Palestinians . "  We call on the Vatican to distant themselves from Archbishop Boutros ' comments which are a libel against the Jewish People and the State of Israel and should not be construed as the Vatican 's official position , " Ayalon said in his statement . "  These outrageous comments should not cast a shadow over the important relationship between the Vatican , the state of Israel and the Jewish people . " The Palestinian Authority , meanwhile , praised the synod and echoed Bustros ' remarks . "  Israel can not use the biblical concept of a promised land or chosen people to justify new settlements in Jerusalem or Israeli territorial claims , " Saeb Erakat , a spokesman for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and a chief palestinian negotiator , said in a statement Sunday . Erakat said the synod sent "  a clear a message to the government of Israel that it may not claim that Jerusalem is an exclusively Israeli city . " "  In  coming weeks we will engage in discussions with the Vatican on ways to further consolidate our fantastic relations , " Erakat said . " The Catholic synod 's Saturday statement came at the end of a meeting headed by Pope Benedict XVI . "  The Palestinian people will thus have an independent and sovereign homeland where they can live with dignity and security , " the statement said . "  The State of Israel will be able to enjoy peace and security within their internationally recognized borders . " "  The Holy City of Jerusalem will be able to acquire its proper status , which respects its particular character , its holiness and the religious patrimony of the three religions : Jewish , Christian and Muslim , " it said . "  We hope that the two-state-solution might become a reality and not a dream only . " The pope first publicly endorsed a two-state solution to the Middle East crisis during a visit to the region in May 2009 . At the time , he assured Palestinians of the Vatican 's support of a sovereign Palestinian homeland . It was a concept that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu resisted . More recently , the issue of settlement construction has threatened to scuttle the reactivated and now stalled peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians .	Israeli official : Catholic bishops ' conference was "  hijacked by an anti-Israel majority " An archbishop said Saturday that Israel is not the Jews ' promised land Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon calls the archbishop 's remark "  libel " Bishops are pushing the U.N. to work for a two-state solution
Warsaw , Poland  CNN  -- Poland 's Interim President Bronislaw Komorowski has won a runoff election against Jaroslaw Kaczynski , twin brother of former President Lech Kaczynski , who was killed in a plane crash in April . The Polish electoral commission said Monday that Komorowski garnered 53 percent of the vote versus Kaczynski 's 47 percent . Sunday 's ballot was required under Polish law after an earlier round of voting failed to give either candidate more than 50 percent of the vote . Both candidates addressed supporters in televised speeches from their campaign headquarters Sunday night , after exit polling showed Komorowski holding a slim lead . Kaczynski had congratulated his rival on exit poll results , but had not conceded victory . Komorowski said , "  I congratulate Poland and I thank you from the bottom of my heart for turning out to vote in such large numbers . " The president in Poland is primarily a ceremonial figure , but he has the power to veto laws , and thus helps shape politics . Kaczynski , once prime minister , is a divisive figure in Polish politics . His far-right Law and Justice party ran on a nationalist platform with the slogan , "  Poland comes first . " "  Poland has to be a strong country , otherwise it will not exist , " he said recently . "  I want to tell everyone here that as president I wo n't just be the head of state -- I will look after the strength of the Polish nation . " Komorowski is a moderate who ran for the center-right Civic Platform . "  We have been on this road for 21 years together , and we have been right , " Komorowski said on the campaign trail . "  We have been moving toward democracy and navigating our way in a free economy . " The former president , his wife and more than 90 others were killed April 10 in western Russia on their way to a service commemorating the 70th anniversary of the Russian massacre of Polish prisoners of war in the village of Katyn .	NEW : Interim President Bronislaw Komorowski wins runoff with 53 percent of vote Runoff election pitted Parliament Speaker Komorowski versus late president 's twin brother Komorowski is a moderate ; Kaczynski 's party is far-right
CNN  -- Eye-popping physiques , multimillion dollar incomes , celebrity status -- and that 's just the women . When you 're dating one of the top footballers on the planet , the pressure to be "  perfect " is huge . In football 's answer to Hollywood , media scrutiny of elite players is fierce . And the paparazzi is just as hungry for images of their wives and girlfriends -- dubbed "  WAGs " by the British tabloids . Lenses are snapped with even more ferocity during the World Cup , as Nancy Dell ` Olio , former partner to ex-England team manager Sven-Goran Eriksson , found out to her cost . "  It is quite sexist and in many cases really not quite fair , the way they were looking at partners , " said the glamorous 52-year-old American-Italian lawyer , in her lilting European accent . "  It was quite intrusive , and that was independent of my will , " added Dell ` Olio , who for almost a decade watched her high-profile relationship play out across the front and back pages of the press . "  But when you are next to a personality so important in football you become absorbed in that role . " As with all social groups , there was a WAG hierarchy . "  There 's a difference between if you are the partner of the manager , than if you are the partner of a footballer , " says Dell ` Olio in between sips of ginger tea , at London 's swank member 's only Club at the Ivy . "  It was always ` Nancy Dell ` Olio plus any other of what you might call WAGs , ' " she adds with a raised eyebrow . "  So in this way I was quite distinctive , I was never part of that world . " She 's got the look It 's a world of glossy women with shopping habits as expensive as their bodies , if you believe the stereotypes splashed across celebrity magazines . In truth , partners face enormous pressures to live up to Barbie doll ideals of beauty . "  No one wants to be the ugly WAG , " says author and newspaper columnist "  The Secret WAG , " wife of an England player who has kept her identity a mystery , while revealing the inner workings of her lavish lifestyle . "  We 're put under so much pressure to look as perfect as we can . We 're all striving to be the thinnest , the prettiest , the one with the nicest hair . " The relentless drive for perfection comes from a fear of "  being traded in for a newer model " when temptation beckons , she says . "  Mostly it 's our own personal insecurities , because you know footballers do n't have great reputations . There 's so many kiss-and-tell stories in the newspapers , and we all live in fear that this is going to happen to us . "  Footballers today are n't just guys who kick a ball about . They 're celebrities . They 're dating supermodels , actresses . "  For us normal girls who do n't have careers in the public eye , it 's a massive pressure to live up to . " Power couple That 's not to say the partners of footballers are simply pretty accessories -- in some cases , they 're even more famous than their sporting beaus . Victoria Beckham and Shakira need n't rely on high-profile lovers David Beckham and Gerard Pique for their own successful music careers . Though it does help . "  Coleen Rooney 's book has sold more copies than her husband Wayne 's , " said Alison Kervin , sports editor of British newspaper the Mail on Sunday , and author of "  WAGs at the World Cup . " "  It 's a really interesting phenomenon to get your head around , because she 's only famous because she 's going out with a successful England footballer . " Cinderella story ? With top players earning over $ 70 million a year , dating one can be an instant ticket to fame and fortune . "  A footballer could take you from a world where you 're living a basic existence in social housing , to living in a multimillion dollar mansion and traveling the world , " says Kervin . "  It has a Cinderella quality to it , and I think that 's what we find so appealing . " Already a successful property lawyer in Italy by the time she met Eriksson , Dell ` Olio 's is hardly a rags to riches tale . But since dating the Swede , she has become a British celebrity in her own right , hosting TV program "  Footballers Cribs , " appearing on "  Strictly Come Dancing , " and soon to perform her own stand-up show at Edinburgh 's Fringe Festival . She admits the relationship "  probably did help " raise her public profile . "  But it 's not the only thing , " says the immaculate entrepreneur in a stylish lemon two-piece skirt suit , her raven hair loosely piled high . As for the suggestion women pursue footballers as a career move -- Dell ` Olio 's eyes open wide in horror . "  I find it ridiculous this opinion , " she says haughtily , her earrings jangling in agreement . "  And negative , because there 's a lot of jealousy involved probably . But it 's a little bit stupid , if you do n't mind me saying . "  Of course it 's only about love . Every couple together , it should be love . " Give and take Dating a footballer is not a relationship for the fainthearted , with women beholden to clubs just as much as their men . If that means abstaining in the bedroom before big matches , then so be it . "  It 's really unfair , " says "  The Secret WAG . " "  My whole life has kind of been following my husband around , you have to up and leave countless times when he moves clubs . "  I spent many years studying and I 've never been in a situation where I could put all those years to good use . "  I feel as though I 'm constantly living in the shadow of my husband , and it took a lot of adjustment to accept that . " British phenomenon ? Nowhere is the spotlight so intense on footballer 's private lives then in the UK -- "  this is the country of gossip , " says Dell ` Olio . The word "  WAG " was dreamed up by the British tabloids during the 2006 World Cup , and has since made its way into the Oxford Dictionary . At the time , just as much column space was dedicated to Victoria Beckham and Cheryl Cole 's shopping sprees , as England 's lackluster performance in Germany eight years ago . "  I think it was a mixture of England not doing particularly well , so there was nothing much to report on , and the girls just out partying , " says Kervin . "  You can be very critical of these women and you can analyze what happened to feminism , but the bottom line is , they seem to be having a bloody good time . " Glamorous as these women may seem , ultimately they are just "  normal people trying to be the best mothers and wives they can , " says the "  Secret WAG . " Normal people , that is , with exceptional lives . Pictures : 32 players to watch at World Cup Watch : Science behind World Cup ball	Secret world of a ` WAG ' -- wives and girlfriends of football players Under huge pressure to be "  perfect " Barbie doll partners Some women more successful than their sports star beaus Is being a ` WAG ' seen as a career move for some girls ?
CNN  -- Navigating a narrow channel through the reef , our Zodiacs slide onto a crushed coral beach and we scramble onto Mature-vavao , an uninhabited atoll at the eastern edge of French Polynesia . It 's a gorgeous little island , shaded by thousands of coconut palms and encircled by bands of water that run a dozen different shades of blue . Expedition leader Jack Grove thinks this might be the first time a cruise ship has ever visited the island and there 's a good chance nobody has set foot on the atoll in 30 years . The landing party turns left along the shore . But I blaze my own path straight ahead to the lagoon that dominates the middle of the island . Boobies , terns and other seabirds pay me scant attention . Most have probably never seen a person . Wading into the lagoon to cool off and spy on the tropical fish , I 'm overcome by the sense I 'm one of the few people who has ever set foot on this small patch of planet Earth . It 's as close as I 'll ever come to the emotion that Neil Armstrong must have felt when he first set foot on the moon , or the rush that mariners like Magellan and Cook no doubt got when they came across terra incognita . Discovering the remote But that 's what this cruise is all about . A three-week journey between Easter Island and Tahiti , it calls on some of the world 's most remote and least-visited islands . Organized by Seattle-based Zegrahm Expeditions , the voyage includes gourmet cuisine , top-notch lecturers and a bartender who can make even the most obscure cocktails . But the real reason that 60-odd passengers have paid five figures for this cruise is geographical bragging rights -- a chance to boast to friends and colleagues back home that you 've hobnobbed with Fletcher Christian 's kinfolk on Pitcairn , explored ancient Polynesian cave dwellings on Henderson Island and frolicked with manta rays off Hiva Oa before visiting Paul Gauguin 's grave on the same secluded island . You know a cruise is something special when your fellow passengers include renowned marine archeologist Jim Delgado and best-selling author and shipwreck detective Clive Cussler . Even for men like these , with all the adventures already under their belts , the voyage is unique . We 're three days out from Easter Island before land is spotted again -- uninhabited Ducie Island , a small atoll in what really is the middle of nowhere . Tumbling into the water , I explore the reef with Jack Grove , one of Zegrahm 's founders and a veteran marine biologist . Grove wants to show us something he found 25 years ago -- three rusty anchors -- all that remains of the mail ship "  Acadia , " which ran aground on Ducie in 1881 . An incredible array of sea life floats around the wreck -- Moorish idols , butterflies , turquoise parrots and white tip reef sharks that warily watch us from afar . Island stops The following day we land on Henderson Island , an uplifted coral block that resembles a huge white table that 's emerged from the ocean . Other than odd geology , the island 's claim to fame is the real-life "  Moby-Dick . " When the American whaler "  Essex " was rammed and sunk by a sperm whale in 1820 , this is where the survivors took refuge .  No , their captain was n't named Ahab . But those shipwrecked whalers were n't the first residents . I follow expedition anthropologist Campbell up a cliff face and into a cave where there 's evidence of long-ago human occupation -- a fire pit and stone scraping tool . "  We do n't know for sure , " says Campbell , "  because nobody was around to record their history , but we think a small Polynesian colony existed here more than 500 years ago . " Pitcairn is the first populated island we come across in nearly a week . And it 's just barely inhabited -- roughly 50 people , nearly all of them related to Fletcher Christian and other "  Bounty " mutineers . It 's a strange little corner of the British Empire , with a long and sometimes dark history . The only way to land on Pitcairn is literally surfing 12-foot waves into the tiny , jetty-enclosed harbor . From there it 's an uphill climb to Adamstown , the only settlement , where the residents greet us with a fish-and-chips lunch , cold beer and open-air craft stalls hawking Pitcairn flags , postage stamps , organic honey and "  Bounty " replicas -- one of the islanders ' only means of making foreign exchange . One of those I meet at lunch is seventh generation Pitcairn resident Andrew Christian , who invites me to hop on the back of his ATV for a spin around the steep volcanic isle . Covered in tattoos and body piercings , he seems every bit as roguish as his mutinous ancestor . Like most everyone on the island , Christian is a jack of several trades : DJ and photographer , government warehouse supervisor and cemetery caretaker , black pearl jewelry artist and website creator . His mountaintop home looks out over the vast Pacific , both an inspiring view and a constant reminder of how isolated Pitcairn remains even in the 21st century . Spear throwing and octopi From Pitcairn we sail north towards the Marquesas Islands , calling on several isolated atolls along the eastern edge of French Polynesia . The residents of Puka Rua entertain us with a spear-throwing contest and a demonstration of barehanded octopus fishing . In the tiny Catholic church on Puka Puka -- the first island that Magellan spotted on his trans-Pacific passage -- local Jim Galindo spontaneously bursts into a Latin hymn he remembers from his choir boy days . The fabled Marquesas finally come into view near the end of our second week at sea . Like something out of "  King Kong , " towering volcanic pillars and jungle-shrouded cliffs mark the entrance to the Bay of Virgins on Fatu Hiva island . Rising behind the shore are cloud-shrouded heights that look as if they just might harbor giant apes or some other mystical creature . But the most menacing thing we encounter hiking into the Fatu Hiva highlands is a pond full of spotted , foot-long eels . Grove tries to catch one with his bare hands , but they 're far too slippery . Further up the trail we come across the remains of three old marae -- shrines made from dark volcanic stones and now almost hidden by the jungle . This spot was somehow sacred to the ancient Polynesians who built these temples . Perhaps they thought their gods lived up here or maybe it was the splendid isolation . We explore even higher , bushwhacking our way with machetes to the base of a colossal cliff laced with veil-thin waterfalls . Nearby is a natural rock pool that offers liquid relief from the sweaty uphill climb . Nobody , not even Grove , has been here before or even knew it existed . Lying on my back in the water , staring up at the misty volcanic peaks , I find myself wondering yet again how many human beings have ever been here . Zegrahm Expeditions offers its Easter Island-Tahiti cruise once per year , with rates from $ 11,970 per person . Joe Yogerst is a freelance travel , business and entertainment writer based in California .	Three-week journey from Easter Island to Tahiti stops at remote French Polynesian islands Henderson Island 's claim to fame is the real-life "  Moby-Dick " The only way to land on Pitcairn is to surf 12-foot waves into the tiny , jetty-enclosed harbor
Comedian Chris Tucker 's multimillion dollar tax bill is n't very funny , but he 's reached a deal with the IRS to settle it , his representative said Monday . The federal tax collector placed a $ 2.5 million lien against Tucker in Georgia last week , but it was just a "  technical requirement " before a settlement could become official , Tucker 's representative said . "  Chris Tucker has not incurred any new tax years , " the representative said . "  The current lien filing by the IRS was the result of an audit that lasted for four years which stemmed from poor accounting and business management . " "  Representatives for Mr. Tucker reached a resolution with the IRS on Friday , and his case has been settled , " the representative said . A TMZ report that Tucker owed $ 14 million to the IRS was inaccurate , the rep said .	Chris Tucker reached a resolution with the IRS on Friday , his rep says The tax bill was from "  poor accounting and business management , " rep says A report Tucker owes $ 14 million to the IRS was inaccurate , his rep says
It 's late in Iran on a dark night , moonless or with heavy clouds . Suddenly the silence is broken by sonic booms , followed by the sound of jets roaring overhead . Flying in tight formation , Israeli fighter planes drop bunker-busting bombs on a nuclear enrichment plant built into the side of a mountain . Iranian pilots race for their own jets to fight back , but by the time they take to the sky , it 's too late . The Israeli jets streak away . That , at least , is what Israel would like to happen if it decides to attack Iran in an effort to prevent it from acquiring the ability to make nuclear weapons . But would it be as easy for Israel to destroy Iran 's nuclear sites as it was for the Jewish state to strike an Iraqi reactor in 1981 or a suspected one in Syria five years ago ? Experts inside and outside Israel say no . They envision a much more complicated attack , one that would involve more than 100 planes -- from fighters to refueling tankers -- flying hundreds of miles to bomb up to eight targets around Iran . Possible site of Iran explosive tests identified , think tank says Israel hit one target each in Iraq and Syria , but Iran 's nuclear assets are spread over multiple sites in different parts of the country . One is buried under concrete . Another is dug into a mountain . Surface-to-air missiles and electronic warfare systems protect them all . They also are significantly farther away from Israel than the targets in Iraq or Syria . And they may not be the only sites Israel would need to destroy to achieve its goal . Bombing Iranian nuclear facilities would be "  very complicated , " said Ephraim Kam , deputy director of Israel 's Institute for National Security Studies . "  It is a very large-scale operation , much greater than the one carried out in Iraq 30 years ago , " said Kam , a former colonel who served with an intelligence research division in the Israeli military . Israel would most likely attack Iran with fighters jets -- the F-15I and the F-16I -- rather than missiles fired from submarines , Kam and other experts said . "  In order to create proper damage to the nuclear plants , you need extremely accurate weapons , " Kam said . "  I do n't know that the missiles are accurate enough . " According to the London-based defense analysis group Jane 's , Israel has one squadron -- about 25 planes -- of F-15I jets , which are similar to the F-15 Eagle fighters of the U.S. Air Force . Israel calls its version of the fighter Raam , or Thunder . It has four squadrons of F-16Is , the Israeli version of the U.S. F-16 Fighting Falcon . The Israeli jet is known as the Suefa , or Storm . The Israeli fighters lack the range to reach most of the likely targets in Iran , so Israel would also need to put tanker aircraft into the sky , said Douglas Barrie of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London . Israel has at least seven KC-707 tankers that it could use for airborne refueling , Barrie said . It also has at least four KC-130H tankers , versions of the giant Hercules aircraft , but is not likely to use them because their slow speed means the jets would need to slow down to link with them , wasting fuel , he said . The strike aircraft would carry bunker-busting GBU-28 bombs -- 5,000-pound bombs to "  go after hardened and buried sites , " Barrie said . Each F-15I could carry up to three bunker-busters , he said , depending on whether they are configured to carry the maximum number of bombs or the largest possible amount of fuel . The American military has an even larger bunker-buster , the 30,000-pound GBU-57 , but there 's "  no indication the Israelis have requested that weapon " or that Israel has the B-2 or B-52 bombers needed to deliver it , Barrie said . Like other experts , he based his analysis on the assumption that if Israel mounted an attack , it would do so without American help . There would be at least four primary targets , said Emily Chorley , a nuclear expert at Jane 's : the Natanz and Fordo nuclear enrichment plants , the Esfahan uranium conversion facility , and the Arak nuclear complex . Esfahan and Arak are above ground and are "  relatively vulnerable to aerial attack , " she said . But Natanz , in the center of the country , is buried under 33 feet of earth and 6 feet of concrete , Chorley said , making it "  very hard to penetrate . " Fordo , near the holy city of Qom , is "  even more difficult " because it is deeply buried in a mountain , she said . Dropping a bunker-busting bomb on Fordo actually might make it less vulnerable , Chorley said , since collapsing the entrance without destroying the facility would protect it from further bombing . "  It 's questionable whether Israel is capable of destroying it in an air-launched attack , " she said . "  Just getting Natanz and Arak without getting Fordo would n't be worth the risk , " she argued , since Fordo is enriching uranium to higher levels than the other sites . All four targets are protected by S-200 and Hawk surface-to-air missile batteries , said Chorley 's colleague , Jim O'Halloran , a specialist in land-based air defense . Israel would have at least two secondary targets as well , Chorley predicted -- the Tabriz and Imam Ali missile bases in the west , "  to prevent a retaliatory missile attack " on Israel . It also could try to strike the controversial Parchin military base east of Tehran , which inspectors with the International Atomic Energy Agency have been trying to visit , Chorley said . Israel also might target the Bidganeh military base , which suffered a mysterious explosion in November . That would bring the number of potential targets to eight . Iran 's single declared civilian nuclear reactor probably is safe , Chorley said . An attack on the Bushehr reactor would risk spreading nuclear contamination , and could mean killing Russian personnel at the Russian-built facility , infuriating Moscow . Israel has three potential routes of attack , according to Jane 's and other experts , assuming its fighters do not fly all the way around the Arabian Peninsula . Jane 's says the Israeli Air Force does not have enough refueling capacity to travel that distance . The northern route would go through Turkey , with which Israel has tense relations . The southern route would go through Saudi Arabia , which fears its rival Iran getting a bomb but is openly hostile toward Israel . The central route is the shortest . It runs through Jordan and Iraq . Jordan and Israel are at peace , but there 's no guarantee Jordan would formally give Israel permission to fly over its territory . Iraqi air defenses , meanwhile , "  can not prevent violations of sovereignty , " said Charles Hollosi of IHS Jane 's . That makes it the "  most likely location for air refueling . " Israel will need to decide what altitude its planes would fly at on the way in . Flying higher would protect them from the defenses of the countries they fly over , but will expose them sooner to Iranian radar . "  You 're going to be in the cockpit three hours-plus before you get to the target unless you go the central route , " said Barrie , the International Institute for Strategic Studies ' senior fellow for military aerospace in London . He doubts the Iranians would be able to detect them coming that far away . "  I do n't imagine them having two hours ' notice . The Israelis will be desperate to give them as little notice as possible . "  They will try to ensure their aircraft remain below their radar as long as possible , " he said . "  If you 're in an Israeli fast jet you do n't want it to be anything like a fair fight . " Barrie noted the Israeli military 's success in attacking a suspected nuclear site in Syria in 2007 . "  The Israelis , with a mix of electronic warfare and electronic attack , degraded Syrian air defenses to the point where they did n't see the strike package coming in , " he said . "  Can the Israelis pull off tactical surprise the way they did with the Syrians in 2007 ? Going after three or four strike targets is much harder , " he said . Iran 's air force has American-made F-14 Tomcats acquired under the shah 's regime , which ended in 1979 , Barrie said , as well as Russian-made MiG-29s . On paper , they are not a match for the Israeli planes . "  Israel remains the pre-eminent air force in the region -- well-equipped , and they have trained long and hard , " he said . "  The Iranians are at an obvious disadvantage in terms of the age and quality of the equipment they have , but they also train hard and will be motivated , " Barrie said . "  I would be surprised if the Israelis are underestimating the Iranians . "	An Israeli attack on Iran would involve more than 100 planes , experts say They would need to hit as many as eight well-protected Iranian targets Experts : Israel 's air force is superior on paper , but the Iranians train hard Israel has vowed not to let Iran get nuclear weapons
CNN  -- The firefighter who accidentally ran over and killed a 16-year-old girl who survived July 's Asiana Airlines crash in San Francisco will not be charged in the case , San Mateo County District Attorney Steve Wagstaffe said Friday . The decision comes more than two weeks after authorities completed their investigation into the incident . A California coroner ruled that Ye Mengyuan of China was alive when she was flung from the plane that crashed as it landed short of the runway at San Francisco International Airport on July 6 , but was killed by "  multiple blunt injuries " moments later when run over by a rescue vehicle . That month , San Francisco Fire Department Chief Joanne Hayes-White called the girl 's death "  a tragic accident " and apologized to Ye 's family . "  Obviously this is very difficult news for us . We 're heartbroken . We 're in the business of saving lives , " Hayes-White said at the time . "  There 's not a lot of words to describe how badly we feel about it . " Two other people died as a result of the crash of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 . More than 180 people aboard the flight were injured . Asiana Airlines : We 're paying $ 10,000 to each passenger CNN 's Augie Martin , Michael Martinez and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	A 16-year-old survived a plane crash but died after she was run over by a fire truck The case was submitted to prosecutors for review The San Francisco fire chief has called the girl 's death a "  tragic accident "
CNN  The racist and offensive emails that resulted in three Ferguson , Missouri , city employees either resigning or being fired have been released . The exchanges between the city 's top court clerk and two police officers were discovered during a U.S. Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice in the city 's police and judicial system . The emails -- which make offensive references to President Barack Obama , first lady Michelle Obama as well as Muslims and minorities -- were obtained by the Washington Post on Thursday after a public records request . CNN reviewed them Friday . Police Capt. Rick Henke and Sgt. William Mudd resigned early last month after the emails were discovered as part of the evidence in the Justice Department 's scathing Ferguson report . The city 's top court clerk , Mary Ann Twitty , was fired in connection with the emails , officials said . One email showed Ronald Reagan , an actor before becoming President , feeding a chimp in the 1951 comedy "  Bedtime for Bonzo , " with the caption : "  Rare photo of Ronald Reagan babysitting Barack Obama in 1962 . " Another showed a photo of bare-chested dancing women , apparently in Africa , with the caption "  Michelle Obama 's High School Reunion ! " A June 2011 email described a man trying to put his dogs on welfare because the canines were "  mixed in color , unemployed , lazy , ca n't speak English and have no ... clue who their Daddies are . " Some critics have called for the department to be disbanded . Last month , embattled Police Chief Thomas Jackson resigned one week after the scathing Justice Department report slammed his department . Jackson will receive a severance payment and health insurance for one year , city officials said . Opinion : Change is coming to Ferguson U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder ordered the Ferguson police investigation after a white police officer , Darren Wilson , shot and killed black teenager Michael Brown last summer , setting off months of sometimes violent street protests in the town outside St. Louis . The DOJ declined to bring charges against Wilson , who has since left the force . No state charges were filed . In a separate report , the Justice Department described what it said was a "  pattern and practice " of discrimination against African-Americans by the Ferguson police and municipal courts . That discrimination included racist emails . Ferguson is a town of 21,000 that is 67 % African-American . Among the findings in the report : From 2012 to 2014 , 85 % of people subject to vehicle stops by Ferguson police were African-American , 90 % of those who received citations were blac and 93 % of people arrested were black . In 88 % of the cases in which Ferguson police officers reported using force , it was against African-Americans . From 2012-2014 black drivers were twice as likely as white drivers to be searched during traffic stops , but 26 % less likely to be found in possession of contraband . Ferguson police chief mum on federal report CNN 's Ralph Ellis , John Newsome and Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	Racially-charged and offensive emails from Ferguson released after public records request Two Ferguson police officers resigned over racist emails City 's top court clerk was fired
CAIRO , Egypt  CNN  -- I 'm traveling with a chunk of gold -- the World Cup Trophy -- from Zurich , Switzerland to Cairo , Egypt . CNN 's Ben Wedeman checks the World Cup is not getting a better seat than him . When CNN Johannesburg Bureau Chief Kim Norgaard suggested I fly from Zurich to Cairo to cover the arrival of the World Cup trophy in Africa in the lead-up to the games in South Africa next summer , I thought he was joking . Kim , an unabashed football  soccer  fanatic , knows I 'm , well , skeptical about a group of grown men paid hefty salaries to kick a little ball around a big field . But variety is the spice of journalism , you might say , and Kim is a friend with whom I needed to settle an old debt from Turkey , so I agreed to give it a try . Football is n't a subject I know much about , so I realized I would have to cram . As it turned out I did n't have much time to prepare because someone broke into our house in Cairo the day before I was scheduled to depart . Rather than study World Cup football , I had to deal with the police , change locks , etc. . Whoever it was did n't steal much , but here 's an odd aside : the thief left behind his  or hers ?  battered black running shoes , making off with my 15-year old son Christopher 's brand-new trainers . Preparing , perhaps , for a career in football ? Watch CNN 's journey with the World Cup . " Flying from Cairo to Zurich , where FIFA or the International Federation of Football Associations is headquartered , I finally found time to learn a few things about the object that would be my travel companion from Switzerland back to Egypt . The trophy is made of more than five kilograms of 18 carat gold , with two bands of malachite running around the bottom . Probably for good reason mere mortals such as myself and Beirut cameraman Christian Streib , who is with me on this trip , are n't allowed to touch the trophy . According to FIFA regulations , only heads of state and members of teams that won the World Cup have that privilege . The trophy 's guard can handle it , but must wear special white gloves . The trophy is worth a fortune -- for its symbolic value as well as its gold -- and is protected around the clock . But the trophy on tour in Africa is not the first -- it 's a replacement created after Brazil were allowed to keep the original when they won the tournament for a third time . And it 's that one currently in circulation , and presumably in the back of the plane we 're flying to Cairo in , packed away in a simple aluminum case . While on tour the trophy is under constant guard , though as we passed through security at Zurich Airport to board the charter flight to Cairo I saw it go through the x-ray machine -- a big black mass of metal on the screen . The airport security personnel asked the guard to open the box , and that was the closest Christian or I came to it . We resisted the urge to get our grubby hands all over it , however . The chances are slim that either of us will ever be on a winning World Cup team , and slimmer still that either of us will become head of state . I 'd share more information about how the trophy is transported , but the tour organizers are worried that too much detail might endanger the cup and those guarding it , especially in some African countries where crime is rife . According to the plan , after Cairo the trophy will be flown to almost every African capital before ending up in South Africa . The Coca Cola Company is covering the cost of the trip . There is one African capital it probably wo n't be going to , however , and that 's Mogadishu , in Somalia . The city has been a battlefield on and off for the last 20 years , the airport often bombarded by mortars and artillery . FIFA and Coca Cola have yet to officially turn down the request by the interim Somali government to bring the trophy to Mogadishu . If peace suddenly breaks out , they might actually do it . Here is a personal World Cup footnote . Thanks to Italy 's defeat in the 1990 semifinals of the World Cup in Italy , the birth of my daughter Amira was uneventful . My wife Yasmine and I were in Rome that summer when Italy and Argentina had a semifinal match . Yasmine , a native of Rome , was nine-months pregnant and then some , and went into labor shortly after the game ended , thankfully , with Italy 's defeat . If Italy had won there would have been celebratory chaos in the streets until sunrise , and my wife would have ended up delivering in the back seat of the car . As it was , the streets were empty . Italy was in mourning . And I was relieved .	World Cup trophy starts publicity trip ahead of 2010 tournament Only members of tournament winning teams and heads of state can touch trophy The gold trophy has a 24-hour security detail CNN reporter , cameraman allowed nowhere near it
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Eight cadets and staff members were killed in Pakistan during an an eight-hour standoff Monday with gunmen who stormed a police training center in Lahore , said Gen. Athar Abbas , a military spokesman . Police fire into the air after retaking the police training center in Lahore attacked by militants . The militants had been holed up on the top floor of a three-story building , said Rehman Malik , the head of the country 's Interior Ministry . Security forces gained control of the first two floors and eventually made their way to the top , finally taking control of it and arresting the gunmen Monday afternoon . Television pictures showed security forces firing into the air from the roof of the building after the firefight . "  The operation is over . Four terrorists were killed and three arrested , " Interior Ministry Secretary Kamal Shah told Reuters . Malik and Abbas confirmed the figures . Abbas added some of the dead militants blew themselves up . The gang of seven gunmen stormed the academy in the Manawan area of the eastern Pakistani city , said Malik . Abbas had previously said 30 people were killed . He cited the error on wrong information by his sources at the scene . Watch more about the attack " At a news conference Monday night , Malik named the leader of the Pakistani Taliban , Baitullah Mehsud , and his followers as the prime suspect in organizing the attack . Mehsud is also accused of plotting the assassination of former PM Benazir Bhutto . At least 78 people were wounded in the attack , authorities said . Lahore is the same city where gunmen opened fire March 10 on a bus carrying members of the Sri Lankan national cricket team on their way to a stadium for a match . The well-coordinated attack wounded at least eight members of the team and killed a driver and six Pakistani police officers . In Monday 's incident , the attackers hurled grenades , then stormed the compound and opened fire while officers were taking part in their morning drill . About 800 officers train at the facility , but authorities could not say exactly how many were inside at the time . The attackers , some in police uniforms , took dozens of officers hostage , said Asim Rizwan , spokesman for governor of Punjab -- the province where Lahore is located . Paramilitary forces and the army descended on the scene . Every few minutes , the gunmen detonated explosives or fired on reporters and police personnel outside , sending them scurrying for cover . Angry onlookers pumped their fists in the air and cheered as police led away a suspect they had captured . He had on him a grenade and a knife , officials told CNN . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Eight cadets are killed during attack in Lahore , top military official says Leader of Pakistan 's Taliban named as prime suspect Four militants dead , three captured , authorities say Lahore was site of attack on Sri Lankan cricket team earlier in March
Wired  -- It 's fun to imagine what Michael Mapes ' studio must look like : You would assume that the New York-based artist 's workspace has to resemble the lab of a harebrained entomologist , with test tubes , specimen bags and pushpins strewn about . In reality , of course , to create the startlingly elaborate sculptural portraits Mapes is known for , he has to be much more organized than that . "  It does take a fairly high degree of organization , " assures me . "  But that 's not the hardest part . " Take a glance through Mapes ' work , and you 'll understand what he means . Technically , Mapes is a portraitist , though he rarely uses paint . Instead , the artist recreates the human visage by arranging fragments of a person 's life -- photographs , locks of hair , handwriting samples , jewelry -- into highly detailed works of art . Read more : Seven hand gestures that make you look like a real intellectual Mapes has been making these pieces for years , generally working with subjects intimately close to him . But in his newest project , he 's decided to deconstruct  then reconstruct  some of the Dutch Masters ' most famous 17th century portraits , rendering classics like Bartholomeus van der Helst 's painting of Geertruida den Dubbelde into startling franken-portraits . Each of Mapes ' pieces are constructed from what he describes as "  biographical DNA , " the little pieces of physical information he pieces together to create a finished portrait . Typically , this is a fairly simple process with Mapes gathering his photos , bits of hair , and handwriting samples from his living subject 's home and then organizing them into a portrait using test tubes , little baggies or pushpins . With the Dutch Masters series , he had to be a bit more resourceful . Mapes begins each portrait by downloading copyright-free images from various museums ' websites . From there , he crops each image , zeroing in on certain features like an eyeball , fingertip or face before printing out dozens of each . "  I 'm occasionally reminded that I 'm not a typical customer when the manager walks the envelope of prints out to me personally with a curious eye , " he says . Read more : Ever seen these pics of MDMA and LSD ? They 're Intense He considers each subject as a collection of individual parts . "  I tend to produce hundreds and hundreds of samples before I start working with the actual composition , " he explains . "  In this way , I can work more intuitively in the composition , again , with the spirit of a painter -- in a lab coat , so to speak . " The process of gathering these bits of biographical DNA is an attempt to form some sort of cohesive picture about what the final portrait should look like . "  I generally tape a number of photos on the wall and ponder where to go from there , " he says . Of course , Mapes ' final portrait is going to look a lot like the original , only with a much more of an artistically rendered shrine vibe . There are clever and nuanced departures from the 17th-century versions . For example , one thing you notice about the Dutch Masters ' portraits is how utterly PG they are . Women are shrouded in black , their necks even fully covered . "  These subjects were surely well known to the artists who painted them , " says Mapes . "  Imagine the restraint required of van der Helst in not including a bit of Geertruida 's legs . " Read more : Wildly detailed drawings that combine math and butterflies At a distance , Mapes ' work echoes the puritanical rigidity of the Dutch Masters , but when you get up close and really examine what his sculptural paintings are made of you 'll notice photographs of bare legs and bits of cleavage filling out the skin tone of the Dutch Masters ' subjects . Mapes has even incorporated locks of hair . All this is an attempt to shift our perspectives , and hopefully inspire us to re-examine how we perceive what 's around us . "  My hope , " he says . "  Is that it encourages different ways of processing and interpreting what and how we look at things -- art , science or anything . " Read more from WIRED : Could a Mix of Sand and Pee Be a Super-Green Replacement for Concrete ? Watch : This High-Tech 3-D Cardboard Could Make Bubble Wrap Obsolete A Genius Design for Airplane Seats as Comfy as Aeron Chairs Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Michael Mapes reconstructed some of the most famous Dutch Masters ' portraits from 17th century . The New York-based artist used test tubes , pushpins strewn , or locks of hair to create the highly elaborate sculptural portraits . Mapes countered the Dutch Masters ' puritanical rigidity by including photographs of bare legs and bits of cleavage filling out skin tones .
CNN  -- An upcoming documentary on Kurt Cobain has more than just cooperation from the rock legend 's family . It has the oversight of Cobain 's daughter , Frances Bean , 22 , as the project 's executive producer . Called "  Kurt Cobain : Montage of Heck , " the documentary is the first to have the backing of Cobain 's relatives . As a result , the film had complete access to Cobain 's archive of personal and creative works , some of which has never before been seen . Written , directed and produced by filmmaker Brett Morgen , "  Montage of Heck " will be released by HBO in 2015 .  HBO and CNN are both divisions of Time Warner . For Morgen , the documentary has been a labor of love and a long-running passion project . "  I started work on this project eight years ago , " the filmmaker said in a statement . "  Like most people , when I started , I figured there would be limited amounts of fresh material to unearth . However , once I stepped into Kurt 's archive , I discovered over 200 hours of unreleased music and audio , a vast array of art projects  oil paintings , sculptures  , countless hours of never-before-seen home movies , and over 4000 pages of writings that together help paint an intimate portrait of an artist who rarely revealed himself to the media . " Cobain was best known as the frontman of the seminal grunge group Nirvana , whose music came to define the early '90s and has remained heavily influential since . "  Montage of Heck " will of course use plenty of the band 's work throughout the film , including both songs and performances . Speaking of the project to NME in 2013 , Morgen said he envisioned "  Montage of Heck " being like "  this generation 's ` The Wall ' -- a mix of animation and live action that 'll allow the audience to experience Kurt in a way they never have before . "	HBO to air Kurt Cobain documentary in 2015 Cobain 's daughter , Frances Bean , will executive produce Brett Morgen is the writer , director and producer
Washington  CNN  -- An air traffic controller and his supervisor are under investigation because the controller allegedly brought his two small children into the control tower and allowed them to speak with pilots on an air traffic control frequency . The incidents occurred on succeeding days last month at New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport , the Federal Aviation Administration said Wednesday . Both the controller and the supervisor have been placed on paid administrative leave . "  This lapse in judgment not only violated FAA 's own policies but common sense standards for professional conduct . These kinds of distractions are totally unacceptable , " administrator Randy Babbitt said in the statement . "  We have an incredible team of professionals who safely control our nation 's skies every single day . This kind of behavior does not reflect the true caliber of our work force . " Babbitt 's statement concerned an incident that took place on February 16 involving the controller 's young son , who is heard in a recording -- posted on liveatc.net -- clearing a Jet Blue flight for takeoff and later speaking to an apparent Air Mexico flight . Later , an FAA official who asked not to be identified because of the ongoing investigation said the controller brought his daughter into the same tower the following day , and the child was allowed to talk with pilots of two planes . A source familiar with the investigation said the supervisor "  should be making sure that things like this do n't happen . " A separate source familiar with the investigation said the two children are twins . The controller and supervisor involved are both veteran employees , the official said . But Dave Pascoe owner of the Web site where recordings of the air traffic communications are posted , told CNN he believes the attention the incident has drawn is "  ridiculous " and it has been "  blown out of proportion . " In one recording , a child can be heard saying , "  JetBlue 171 , cleared for takeoff . " A man is then heard telling the plane , "  Here 's what you get , guys , when the kids are out of school . " The pilot chuckles and says , "  Wish I could bring my kid to work . " The same pilot later tells the child , "  Awesome job . " During the recording , the child also speaks to an apparent Air Mexico flight . FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown later said the incident took place about 7:30 p.m. February 16 . A recording from the following day , when the daughter was reportedly in the tower , was also posted on the Web site . Pascoe said most people "  in the aviation community felt like this was -LSB- not -RSB- anything more than a noble thing , that a father would take his kid to work . "  And when you listen to any of the recordings , the situation in the tower is very controlled . There is no hint ... that anyone was too busy or anyone was interrupting the planes . ... It was very controlled , and I do n't think safety was compromised , nor should anyone be disciplined for this , " said Pascoe , who is also a pilot . The recording was from a network of receivers , he said , but could n't reveal the source . The site exists for pilot education , he said , and sometimes other curious parties listen in . There was "  absolutely no security threat " posed by the incident , he said . "  I have every belief that they 'd make sure there were additional eyes there , " Pascoe said . "  Only the best of the best work at JFK tower , and they are the best at what they do . "  If you know anything about aviation , you know that the air traffic control towers are highly supervised , " he said . "  JFK is highly supervised . It 's not just one controller controlling the runway . Supervisors are there , and multiple people are there making sure by looking through binoculars and at radar . ... A father was taking a child to work and let the kid clear planes for takeoff , and now the world thinks it 's an unsafe place . " The FAA said all unofficial visits to air traffic control operational areas , such as towers and radar rooms , will be suspended during its investigation into the incident . Babbitt has directed a team to review air traffic control policies and procedures related to facility visitors . The National Air Traffic Controllers Association , the union representing controllers , said in a statement , "  We do not condone this type of behavior in any way . "  It is not indicative of the highest professional standards that controllers set for themselves and exceed each and every day in the advancement of aviation safety , " spokesman Doug Church said in the statement . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Jean Shin and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Air traffic controller at New York airport brought young children to work Child was recorded communicating with planes Child to plane : "  Jet Blue 171 , cleared for takeoff " Investigation is under way ; controllers involved are on leave
Detectives are "  tightening up " their case against Justin Bieber in his alleged egg attack on a neighbor , an investigator said Tuesday . The neighbor accused Bieber , 19 , of tossing eggs over a fence and onto the mansion next door on January 9 , causing an estimated $ 20,000 in damage . A dozen Los Angeles County Sheriff 's deputies raided Bieber 's $ 6.5 million home in the exclusive Oaks community in Calabasas , California , two weeks ago , taking the security video system as evidence . A prosecutor reviewed the security video Monday and asked detectives to do more investigation before a decision is made about charging the pop star with felony vandalism , according to Lt. David Thompson . Could Justin Bieber be deported ? Detectives are "  tightening up the case " this week and will likely meet again with prosecutors in the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office next week , Thompson said . The district attorney will then decide if a charge will be filed against Bieber . Bieber already faces criminal charges in Miami stemming from an early morning traffic stop last week . Although Breathalyzer tests suggest Bieber was not too drunk to legally drive when he was pulled over by Miami Beach police early Thursday , it could be two or three weeks before tests are back from the lab that should give a more accurate blood-alcohol reading and could tell if he was high on pot . Bieber blew .011 and .014 in two Breathalyzer tests given to him at the police station , according to a source with knowledge of the results . Florida 's legal limit for drivers under the drinking age of 21 is .02 . The police report said that Bieber failed a field sobriety test given to him at the police station . He admitted to drinking , using marijuana and taking prescription pills , police said . The Miami prosecutor said no date has been set yet for Bieber to return to court on the DUI , resisting arrest and expired license charges . We 've seen this bad behavior before Although Bieber was not charged with speeding , the arresting officer said it was his reason for stopping Bieber and testing his sobriety . The head of the exotic car rental company that owns the yellow Lamborghini Bieber was driving told CNN on Saturday that the GPS tracking system in the high-performance car indicated that Bieber never exceeded 55 mph in the 15 minutes before the stop . The Breathalyzer tests and the GPS information could help Bieber lawyer Roy Black in his defense of the singer . Bieber fled Miami late Friday , boarding a private jet for a flight to Panama City , Panama . Paparazzi photos showed Bieber strolling along a beach on the Pacific Ocean on Saturday , kicking a soccer ball while others kite surfed above the waves . Other photos showed his manager , Scooter Braun , and mentor Usher Raymond with Bieber at the Panama resort . His representatives have been silent about the criminal charges , declining to comment to CNN . Bieber has a ` frat house ' amidst millionaire mansions , detective says	A prosecutor reviews the security video from Bieber 's home Detectives to meet again with prosecutors next week , investigator says The district attorney will decide if a vandalism charge will be filed against Bieber No court date set yet for Bieber 's Miami Beach charges
CNN  -- My great-grandmother used to laugh in moments of misfortune and confusion . It was a reflex honed by the constant daily pressures of being an immigrant in a country where the language and the culture were alien . Years later , she said it was a form of stress release . But thinking back , I can also see how laughter felt like the safest bet when confronted with threatening situations in an unfamiliar world . So , maybe genetics explain my inappropriate hilarity when I heard that the U.S. House killed the Violence Against Women Act this week -- or at least stood by and did nothing while it died . The bill has been almost automatically extended every five years since its initial passage in 1994 . This trend came to a sickening halt this week when the Senate sought to extend critical protections to immigrant and Native American women , as well as LGBT people . The current political climate that allows for this betrayal of the fundamental right to safety of body and being feels as alien to me as early 20th-century Texas must have felt to my Polish great-grandma . Drafted in the mid - '90s by then-Sen . Joe Biden , VAWA provided greater authority to investigate and prosecute domestic violence cases . It also beefed up scant funding to support victims . Before VAWA , women saw little incentive and an ominous downside to reporting abuse . More often than not , their abusers saw no punishment , but victims faced losing jobs , homes , marriages and custody of their children . Offer women a safe way out of a terrible situation , however , and the results are impressive . Reports of gender-based violence dropped a remarkable 64 % from 1993 to 2010 -- from 2.1 million reported cases to 907,000 reported cases . Even better , the more robust reporting incentives and mechanisms illuminated societal blind spots where abuse still occurs . That led the Senate to pass an expanded version of the reauthorized bill -- one that extends protections to populations that remain vulnerable . The bill was drafted jointly by Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , and Sen. Mike Crapo , R-Idaho , and passed the Senate by a comfortable margin last Spring . The need is clear : A full third of Native American women will be raped in their lifetimes ; an even higher number will experience physical and emotional abuse . Lesbian and gay people will be brutalized at the same rate as general society -- approximately 27 % -- but will have far bleaker prospects of finding help . Some 45 % of those seeking refuge at a shelter were turned away , and 55 % who sought restraining orders against abusers were denied . Undocumented women in the United States risk being held hostage by abusive spouses who lord citizenship over them as a means of control . These same husbands often threaten deportation and separation from children if their wives seek help or report abuse . Opinion : House GOP failed women on Violence Against Women Act Meanwhile , 80 % of migrant workers who work in American agriculture report sexual harassment ; many of those include rape . The crisis is so endemic in those industries that the workers often refer to their workplace as "  fil de calzon " or "  field of panties . " The reforms in the Senate bill that seek to right these devastating and rampant wrongs are modest and simple : Tribal authorities can prosecute offenses on reservations when state and federal prosecutors fail to do so , the government can issue a visa to abuse victims to halt deportation if they agree to testify against their abusers and shelters that receive federal grants are prohibited from discriminating against LGBT abuse victims who seek their services . These reforms seem like no-brainers in the face of so many brutalized women . But not to a House GOP caucus that is scoring political points off the pain of people reviled by the extreme GOP base . It seems that sanctioning an underclass of women who live in fear is a small price to pay for approval ratings at home . Even worse , at least one GOP supporter actually profited from killing the bill . Natasha Spivack is the owner of a mail-order bride company successfully sued by a bride who had been continuously beaten by her husband . She is also a top official on the advocacy group Stop Abusive and Violent Environments , or SAVE , which , according to a report in the Huffington Post , lobbied the "  House of Representatives to include a ` reform to curb VAWA immigration fraud ' in its version of the bill . " More protections for these immigrant women would cost Spivack 's company a lot of money . These are among the folks with whom the GOP has cast its lot . In the past couple of months , Americans lent their voices to the global chorus of horror as a young Indian woman died from internal injuries after being gang raped , and we shook our collective heads self-righteously when a Pakistani girl was shot by the Taliban simply for wanting an education . Perhaps keeping our eyes on the horizon distracts us from having to face the unchecked bigotry in our own Congress . But the result today is millions of ignored and vulnerable women within our own borders . Aside from the moral repugnance of this , the actions of this minority make our great nation a hypocrite in the eyes of so many around the world who have looked to us to be beacons of democracy and equal rights . And that 's not a laughing matter , no matter how alien that makes me feel in my own home country . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilyse Hogue .	Ilyse Hogue : The House GOP killing VAWA is betrayal of women 's right to safety She says it extends critical protections for LGBT people , immigrants , Native American She says House GOP scoring political points off pain of those reviled by extreme GOP base Hogue : We decry rape , abuse in other lands , and these distract us from abuses in our own
CNN  -- Most people are yet to learn about the progress most countries have made in recent decades . The reason media and schools have failed to communicate a fact-based world view is probably due to the continuous use of the outdated concept of a "  Developing World . " A mindset upgrade with a division of countries into more than two groups is long overdue . In the 1960s it was very relevant to divide the countries of the world into two distinct groups . These two groups of countries were labeled "  developed " and "  developing , " or the two were just referred to as "  the Western World " and "  the Developing World " . The two groups of countries differed in almost every way . Western countries were rich and people had long education , long lives and small families . Developing countries were poor and the people had meager or no education , short lives and large families . The population in the West was stable whereas the population in the developing world was growing fast . Almost the whole world economy was in the West . The poor developing countries were expected to gradually get out of misery with the help of development aid and family planning . And no major countries were found in the middle -- in the wide gap between the West and the rest . The only exceptions were a few small island nation states like Singapore , Hong Kong and also Cuba . Well there was of course a third group , the Soviet dominated "  Communist Countries " ; but they lived separate and enclosed lives outside the world economy . They were , however , included in one alternative division of countries , in which the West was called the First , the Communist the Second and the rest of the countries the Third World . Read more : Take Gapminder 's ` ignorance test ' and see how up-to-date your knowledge is More than two decades after the disappearance of the Soviet group , we are in urgent need of a new system to group and label countries . Two groups are not enough . The World Bank did a promising attempt by creating four country groups by using cut-offs in Gross National Income per capita at $ 1,000 , $ 4,000 and $ 12,000 . The cut-offs defined low-income , lower middle income , upper middle income and high income countries . However , this division into four groups did not change many mindsets . The concept of a developing world ranging from Turkey and Brazil all the way to Somalia and Afghanistan still forms the mindset used by most people to sort information about the world . The world keeps changing , while mindsets remain surprisingly intact . Now the countries of the world defy all attempts to sort in only two groups . Most of the formerly "  developing " countries fill the once empty middle , and form socioeconomic and demographic continuum . On the top of the health and wealth league , Norway and Singapore , at the bottom the poorest nations torn by civil war , like Congo and Somalia . So the disparity between the richest and the poorest is as wide as ever , yet the big change is that the gap in the middle has been filled . Most countries and most people now live in the middle of the new socioeconomic continuum , in middle-income countries like Brazil , Mexico , China , Turkey and Indonesia . Half of the world 's economy -- and most of the economic growth -- now lies in these middle income countries , outside the old West , Western Europe and North America . Future population growth In spite of dramatic economic shifts , the change in demography is even more pronounced . Fifty years ago the women in the world on average had five babies , an average composed by six in the developing world and 2.5 in the developed world . Now the world average has dropped to 2.5 babies born per woman , an unprecedented shift . This has happened across religions and cultures , and especially in Asia the fall in fertility took place at a lower economic level than ever before in human history . In most Asian countries the fertility drop happened before the economic growth took off . In the world as a whole the main reason for future population growth is that the young generations grow up causing an inevitable fill-up of the adult population . The consequences are amazing . In the last decade the total number of children aged 0-14 in the world has started to level off at around two billion . The U.N. population experts predict that it most probably is going to stay that way throughout this century . Age of ` Peak Child ' That 's right : the amount of children in the world today is probably the most there will be ! We are entering into the age of Peak Child ! This is in spite of the increase of the number of children in Africa , where women in many countries still have five babies and are in desperate need of access to contraceptives . Yet the increase of children in Africa is foreseen to match the decrease in the number of children in Asia and Europe . A decrease caused by women in more and more countries having on average less than two babies . So almost 80 % of mankind now lives in societies where the two child families are most common and 80 % of adults in the world can read and write , and 80 % of the one-year-olds have been vaccinated and the life expectancy of the world population as a whole is 70 years . The percentage living in extreme poverty fell to half in the last 20 years , from 40 % to 20 % . So yet in this new and better world 1-2 billion still live in extreme poverty , can not send all children to primary school , and are not sure to have enough food to eat . They live in rural areas in low income and lower middle income countries . That means mainly in countries in Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia with less than $ 4000 in Gross National Income per capita . So in short , the world is better than ever , yet very far from good ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hans Rosling .	In the 1960s , the world was divided into "  developed -- or Western " and "  developing " Hans Rosling says the division was relevant in terms of wealth , education and life expectancy But he says since then , there has been a shift -- with most countries in the middle The old mindset has not kept up with the new reality and needs changing , Rosling says
CNN  -- A series of power failures at New Jersey 's New Meadowlands Stadium brought Sunday night 's game between the New York Giants and the Dallas Cowboys to a temporary halt . "  Pitch black stadium with a lot of people , " a Fox TV announcer said after play resumed . "  It 's been a weird day . " "  The New Meadowlands Stadium experienced two power outages in the 3rd quarter of tonight 's game , " a statement issued by stadium said . "  Power was lost when one of the two feeders to the stadium experienced a power interruption . " The stadium then started taking power from the second feeder , the statement said . "  A second power interruption occurred to the second feeder causing a full outage , " the statement said . "  Functionality to the original feeder was restored and we are now receiving power though that feeder . " "  We are currently investigating the original cause of the interruption , " the statement said . The power incident lasted about 12 minutes , Fox announcers said on air , adding that some players briefly hit the ground during the blackout . The Cowboys ended up beating the Giants 33-20 . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Cheryl Robinson contributed to this report .	Both power feeders to the New Meadowlands Stadium failed The incident lasted about 12 minutes , Fox TV announcers say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A man at the center of a mysterious case of exposure to the deadly biological agent ricin has been arrested , FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said Wednesday . Ricin was found in a room in this Las Vegas , Nevada , extended-stay hotel in February , police say . Roger Bergendorff was taken into custody Wednesday morning in Las Vegas , Nevada , Kolko said . Bergendorff , 57 , was hospitalized with what was diagnosed as ricin exposure after the agent was discovered in his hotel room off the Las Vegas Strip . Tests conducted by the FBI determined that the substance contained 2.9 percent active ricin . Its preparation was characterized as "  crude , " according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Las Vegas . According to a press release from the Department of Justice office , a search of Bergendorff 's hotel room turned up "  an ` Anarchist 's Cookbook , ' a collection of instructions on poisons and other dangerous recipes , including instructions on the preparation of ricin , " two semiautomatic pistols , a rifle and a pistol with a silencer . "  FBI searches of Salt Lake City -LSB- Utah -RSB- storage units rented by Von Bergendorff resulted in the discovery of castor beans , various chemicals used in the production of ricin , a respirator , filters , painter 's mask , laboratory glassware , syringes and a notebook on ricin production , " the Justice Department release said . Bergendorff is charged with possession of a biological toxin , possession of unregistered firearms and possession of firearms not identified by serial number , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . If convicted of all charges , he would face a maximum penalty of 30 years in prison and a fine of $ 750,000 . Bergendorff is scheduled for an initial court appearance at 3 p.m. Wednesday . It is illegal under federal law to possess a biological agent and toxin unless it is used for bona fide research or other peaceful purpose , U.S. Attorney Gregory Bower said in a written statement . Bergendorff 's cousin , Thomas Tholen of Riverton , Utah , was indicted by a federal grand jury in Salt Lake City this month , accused of failing to report production and possession of ricin . Ricin is a poison that can be made from the waste of castor bean processing , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It can come in the form of a mist or pellet and can be dissolved in water or weak acid , the agency said . Bergendorff was hospitalized February 14 in Las Vegas after he complained of difficulty breathing . He slipped into a coma and awoke March 14 . Bergendorff , 57 , is an artist who neighbors said had lived in his cousin 's basement before moving to Las Vegas . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Karan Olson and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Roger Bergendorff is charged with possession of toxin , firearms He was hospitalized for ricin exposure after it was found in hotel room His cousin is charged with failing to report production and possession
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Fierce battles raged Tuesday for control of key Libyan cities in the east and west as Libya entered its fourth week of fighting and continued its descent into civil war . In the eastern oil city of Ras Lanuf , rebels fired antiaircraft guns after Libya 's air force carried out fresh raids . Video shot by Sky News showed that fighting was continuing in Zawiya , despite government assertions that forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi controlled the oil-refining city . Hundreds of anti-government demonstrators could be seen marching in the street , many of them pumping their fists in the air . As the crackle of gunfire could be heard , the demonstrators ran toward the camera . Four men could be seen carrying a fifth , then putting him into an ambulance . A doctor who left the city in the morning told CNN that Gadhafi forces had fatally shot two fellow doctors in the main square and were shooting wounded civilians rather than allowing them to be treated . The city 's two medical clinics were closed , he said . Military casualties were being taken from the city by ambulance , he said . CNN was not able to witness the fighting and could not independently confirm reports of what was happening there on Tuesday . Opposition officials accused Gadhafi of bombing water reserves in Ras Lanuf , the site of intense fighting in recent days . Rebels have seized several cities and the army has fought fiercely to reclaim some of them . On Tuesday , Gadhafi addressed a tribal group of youthful supporters in a talk broadcast on television and repeated his assertions that the nation 's youths have been misled and drugged by al Qaeda . "  For them , everybody 's their enemy , " he said . "  They know nothing other than killing . " He praised the Libyan standard of living as one that others in the world envy and called on his countrymen to defend it . "  They want to take your petrol , " he said . "  This is what America , this is what the French , those colonialists , want . " He cited people from Pakistan , Afghanistan and Algeria as among those who have joined the rebel forces -- "  hunting children who are not mature , who have certain deficiencies ; they offer them pills . This is what we understood so far . " He called anti-government forces in Benghazi , a rebel-held town in the east , "  traitors " and predicted that the pro-Gadhafi residents "  are going to throw them out . " In Gadhafi 's stronghold , the capital city of Tripoli , about 100 journalists assembled during the evening in the lobby of a hotel after being told that Gadhafi would arrive . Nine hours later , just before midnight , his convoy of SUVs pulled up to the hotel . Shortly afterward , surrounded by his security detail , he strode into the lobby , waved at the throng of reporters , pumped his right fist several times into the air , retreated to a private room for an interview with a Turkish journalist , then left via a back door without addressing the reporters . The interview was to air Wednesday morning . The incident occurred hours after opposition members denied Tuesday that they have been negotiating an exit deal with Gadhafi , rejecting an assertion made earlier in the day by an opposition official . Gadhafi 's regime , too , denied having entered into negotiations with the rebels . Musa Ibrahim , a government spokesman , called reports of such negotiations "  lies . " The Libyan opposition is composed not of a single monolithic group , but of various groups and individuals around the country whose shared goal is to see the 68-year-old ruler ousted . But their military skills tend to be rudimentary , at best , when compared with the relatively disciplined , well-armed pro-Gadhafi forces . "  There is no one here with military experience , but have a strong heart , " said medical student Yahya Ali , who was manning an antiaircraft battery in the eastern Libyan town of Al-Brega after four hours of training . In Washington , U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said any departure from Libya of Gadhafi would not exempt him , his family or others from responsibility for their actions . "  We are going to hold him accountable , " Crowley said . U.S. President Barack Obama discussed Libya on Tuesday with British Prime Minister David Cameron , the White House said in a statement . "  They agreed that the common objective in Libya must be an immediate end to brutality and violence ; the departure of Gadhafi from power as quickly as possible ; and a transition that meets the Libyan peoples ' aspirations for freedom , dignity , and a representative government , " it said . Both leaders agreed to go ahead with planning responses , "  including surveillance , humanitarian assistance , enforcement of the arms embargo , and a no-fly zone . " Death toll estimates have ranged from more than 1,000 to as many as 2,000 . "  Both the Libyan government and opposition forces need to allow unhindered access for aid organizations to assist civilians , " Bill Frelick , refugee program director at Human Rights Watch , said Tuesday . "  People living in areas of heavy fighting in western Libya are now in dire need of medical aid and other assistance . " The U.N. World Food Programme said Tuesday a convoy of trucks entered Libya headed for Benghazi , the rebel stronghold in eastern Libya . "  A convoy of trucks carrying 70 metric tons of high-energy , fortified date bars crossed the Egyptian border last night on its way to Benghazi . This would be the first delivery of food assistance from a U.N. agency to enter the country , " the organization said in a statement . Plans for more food deliveries are being made , and tons of food have been delivered to the Egyptian border to help feed refugees , the organization said . This is part of a $ 39.2 million emergency operation designed to help feed more than 1 million people in Libya , Egypt and Tunisia over three months , the group said . Late Monday , the Gulf Cooperation Council said Libya had rejected its offer of humanitarian aid . The council is composed of Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . As reports continue to emerge of the government 's use of force against civilians , the international community has been left pondering strategies on how to end the violence . Three members of the U.N. Security Council -- France , Britain and the United States -- were working Monday on a possible resolution that would include language on a no-fly zone over Libya , diplomatic sources at the United Nations said . And the Gulf Cooperation Council said Monday night they supported such an action . The Organization of the Islamic Conference , which represents 56 member states , said Tuesday that it wants the United Nations to enforce a no-fly zone over Libya . But any kind of military intervention could face sharp criticism from Russia and China , two permanent members of the council that wield veto power . Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khalid Karim told CNN on Tuesday that Libya is not misusing its air force and that any no-fly zone would be tantamount to an act of war . He said the Libyan government has asked for international monitors to verify that assertion . He said the military "  are taking purely defensive positions ; they are not taking offensive ones " except in self-defense . The U.S. administration remains reluctant to move forward on a no-fly zone alone . "  Well , we want to see the international community support it , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told Sky News on Tuesday . And the United States has also been reluctant to consider using force alone . "  We 'd like to see this resolved peacefully , " Clinton said . "  We 'd like to see him go peacefully . We would like to see a new government come peacefully . But if that 's not possible , then we 're going to work with the international community . " Asked if the United States was considering lifting the arms embargo , she said , "  Well , I think everything is being looked at , but it is difficult in the midst of this civil conflict that is going on now to even know how you would do that , because right now , it 's not clear what part of the country is actually under rebel control . " The U.S. ambassador to Libya , Gene Cretz , has met in Rome and Cairo with Libyan opposition figures to get a sense of what is happening in the country , Crowley of the State Department said . He did not give names . Crowley said there have been meetings and phone conversations with members of the National Transitional Council and others . The State Department also spoke Friday with Libyan Foreign Minister Musa Kusa in a brief conversation in which each side gave its view , Crowley said . NATO said it has begun round-the-clock surveillance flights near Libya . With no clear end to the clashes in sight , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appointed a new special envoy to Libya to discuss the crisis with officials in Tripoli . The fighting has sparked the flight of Libyans and foreigners out of Libya , with nations across the globe scrambling to help people leave . About 200,000 people have fled Libya with nearly equal numbers going to Tunisia and Egypt , the U.N. refugee agency has said . But 15,000 to 17,000 people are still at a refugee camp near the Libya-Tunisia border . Most of them are from Bangladesh , the U.N. refugee agency said . A man who said he was trapped in Misrata , a city east of Tripoli that has seen heavy clashes , said the rebels were running out of weapons -- but will continue to fight . "  Maybe tomorrow I 'll still be alive , I do n't know . I have nothing to lose , " the man said . "  Nobody believes he will be alive tomorrow . Nobody knows . We need support . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Chris Lawrence , Arwa Damon , Salma Abdelaziz , Jomana Karadsheh and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	Gadhafi makes appearance in hotel lobby , does not speak to reporters U.S. president , British prime minister discuss Libya The U.S. State Department says departure would not exempt Gadhafi Deadly fighting occurs in Zawiya , a doctor says
Budget Travel  -- Just a two-hour detour from Paris , the Loire was once a playground to Renaissance royals . Now its vaunted châteaux are attracting enterprising young couples and artists who have remade them into captivating -- and surprisingly affordable -- inns . Surrounded by 10-foot-high limestone walls , Le Clos d'Amboise offers an unexpected sanctuary in the town of Amboise . CHINON Hôtel Diderot "  If you 've never eaten a brioche with fresh Ste. Maure goat cheese , honey and walnuts for breakfast , then you have n't been to the Loire , " says Laurent Dutheil , who is justifiably proud of the simple breakfasts he serves at his 23-room hotel in the western corner of the valley . Dutheil also produces dozens of fragrant artisanal jams such as apple-lavender and quince-cinnamon .  Sadly , they are n't for sale , but you can buy Dutheil 's recipe book , "  Jam in the Cupboard . "  The traditional foods fit well with the hotel 's venerable atmosphere : Diderot is housed in a sprawling 15th-century home that the Chinon-born Dutheil , along with his two sisters , Martine and Francoise , bought and renovated six years ago . Budget Travel : See the hotels Dutheil tackled structural issues , taking care to keep the exposed oak beams and original stone walls intact , while his sisters refurbished the rooms with cheerful striped wallpaper , toile bedding , and 19th-century armoires they scavenged on trips to Paris . The largest room , which sleeps four , has double windows with views of a courtyard . In the distance lie vineyards full of the red Chinon grapes much loved by 16th-century novelist and satirist François Rabelais . 4 rue de Buffon , 011-33/2 -47 -93 -18 -87 , hoteldiderot.com , rooms from $ 72 . THÉSÉE Le Moulin de la Renne A tunnel of towering fir trees leads to the entrance of this converted 19th-century mill in Thésée , on the banks of the Cher River . Guests are greeted by an enormous Bernese mountain dog named Alpha and his equally friendly owners , Véronique and Christophe Villanfin . There are 13 guest rooms , decorated with items such as embroidered quilts and framed puzzles of boats assembled by jigsaw fanatic Véronique . Jazz enthusiasts , the Villanfins host occasional concerts featuring local groups , including Les Bras ` Coeurs , a quartet that performs Georges Brassens standards . The soirees are held in the restaurant , known locally for its coq au vin : rooster stewed in cabernet bottled at Le Chai des Varennes winery next door . 11 route de Vierzon , 011-33/2 -54 -71 -41 -56 , moulindelarenne.com , closed Jan. 10 -- Feb. 10 and 10 days in Nov. , rooms from $ 76 , entrées from $ 15.75 . CIVRAY-DE-TOURAINE Château de l'Isle The Château de l'Isle is quiet to the core -- unless you count the chorus of quacks coming from the duck pond on the 35-acre grounds . The 18th-century manor house had been abandoned for 10 years when Denis Gandon bought it in 1986 and transformed the place into a 12-room hotel . Still , the château somehow feels like a private home : A portrait of Gandon 's grandfather hangs over a 100-year-old antique table in the dining area , and an amiable Jack Russell terrier entertains guests with endless rounds of fetch . The stylish bedrooms have exposed wood beams and beds draped with coverlets in shades of crimson and marigold . Budget Travel : See the hotels In the summer , breakfast is served in an expansive glassed-in terrace overlooking the garden . A nearby potager  or kitchen garden  supplies produce for some of chef Fabrice Cherioux 's breakfast treats , such as a zesty tomato confiture . 1 rue de l'Ecluse , 011-33/2 -47 -23 -63 -60 , chateau-de-lisle . com , rooms from $ 69 , breakfast $ 13 . CHENONCEAUX La Roseraie This 18-room hotel in Chenonceaux was a must-stay on the itineraries of political notables after World War II , when the Allies were trying to figure out how to piece Europe back together . Winston Churchill , Harry Truman and Eleanor Roosevelt all , at one time or another , laid their heads at La Roseraie .  A letter from Roosevelt still hangs in the breakfast room . In 2000 , Sophie and Laurent Fiorito acquired the property and completed a top-to-bottom renovation . There is no such thing as a standard room here -- tiny singles have just enough space for a twin bed , while one suite fits a family of five . The decor is equally varied . One room has a Louis Philippe-style dresser and a crystal chandelier ; another shows off a modern pink-checkered sofa . The hotel 's best asset is its proximity  a five-minute walk  to Château de Chenonceau , which Henri II gave to his beloved mistress , Diane de Poitiers ; the massive 16th-century building hovers over the River Cher . 7 rue du Docteur Bretonneau , 011-33/2 -47 -23 -90 -09 , hotel-chenonceau . com , closed Nov. -- Jan. and Mar. , rooms from $ 85 . AMBOISE Le Clos d'Amboise Surrounded by 10-foot-high limestone walls , in the heart of the old market center of Amboise , this 17-room mansion inn offers an unexpected sanctuary from the town 's bustling , narrow streets . The bedrooms come equipped with decorative elements such as mahogany four-poster beds and original fireplaces , while the common room features wood floors modeled after those at the Palace of Versailles . Most of the rooms overlook the hotel 's private park , landscaped with 100-year-old magnolias and a pine tree that survived the French Revolution . A pool by the rose garden is perfect for a cool dip after relaxing in the wood sauna , housed in a former stable . Just a 10-minute stroll from the hotel stands the riverside castle that belonged to King François I -- part medieval fortress , part Renaissance royal house . The king became famously enthralled by Leonardo da Vinci during a 1515 excursion to Italy , and he set up the painter in a gabled redbrick château  now a museum  , just down the road from his castle . 27 rue Rabelais , 011-33/2 -47 -30 -10 -20 , leclosamboise.com , closed Dec. -- Jan. , rooms from $ 98 . LIMERAY Auberge de Launay Between the two of them , François and Hélène Thévard have honed their hospitality skills at some of the world 's most well-respected hotels , including Le Meurice in Paris and the Savoy in London . After years helping manage other people 's properties , the couple -- with their two small kids , Emma and Alexandre -- packed up their Paris apartment and bought an unassuming farmhouse in the secluded hamlet of Limeray to convert to a 15-room inn . "  I grew up in the region , so when we made the decision to open our own place , I knew that I had to come back to the Loire , " says François . In keeping with the spare design of the house , the decor at the Auberge is simple -- bedrooms are outfitted with neutral suede sofas , blond-wood floors and minimalist photographs of daisies and landscapes . The duo oversees the daily lunch and dinner service at the on-site restaurant , which serves local specialties such as butter-poached Loire eel and chicken with mustard cream . The house dessert , a salted-caramel fruit tart , is baked with apples picked in the hotel 's orchard . Le Haut Chantier , 011-33/2 -47 -30 -16 -82 , aubergedelaunay.com , closed Dec. 15 -- Jan. 15 , rooms from $ 72 , two-course dinner from $ 26 . ONZAIN Château des Tertres This mansion in the heart of the Loire once belonged to the mother of novelist Marguerite Duras  who mentions the château in her famous work "  The Lover "  . Later , in the 1960s , its marble hallways were filled with students from a nearby engineering school , which used the building as a dorm . In 1992 , another curious owner took over management of the 14-room château : Bernard Valois , an artist who kept the mansion 's 19th-century detailing  high ceilings , gilded mirrors  but added contemporary design flourishes , such as a photograph of a mysterious pair of eyes in the foyer . Last year , Valois and his wife , Christine , redecorated a former gatekeeper 's house as a contemporary four-room cottage with knockoff Jackson Pollock paintings and sculptures that resemble enormous eggs . "  My husband likes to turn things that seem ordinary into the extraordinary , " Christine says . "  He designed a ` Sputnik ' bidet that has Japanese robots stationed around the tank . " Valois also tends a 12-acre garden of roses and clematises , where guests can find a shed stocked with complimentary bikes for exploring the area 's 186 miles of riding paths . 11 rue de Meuves , 011-33/2 -54 -20 -83 -88 , chateau-tertres . com , closed Oct. 19-Apr . 1 , rooms from $ 94 . CHITENAY Auberge du Centre When Gilles Martinet 's grandmother found herself widowed at the end of World War I , she started selling milk and eggs to make ends meet . One thing led to another , and her home eventually became a guesthouse and restaurant specializing in French country fare , like chicken sautéed in fresh cider . Three generations later , Martinet is now proprietor and chef of this inn , which has 26 brightly decorated rooms in shades of sage and rose , as well as a flower-filled garden terrace out back . He has kept the breakfast area much the way his grandmother designed it , with rustic stone walls , an ample fireplace and simple country furnishings . There are bicycles available to rent  $ 14.50 per day  for excursions to the Château de Cheverny , about five miles away . 34 Grande Rue , 011-33/2 -54 -70 -42 -11 , auberge-du-centre . com , closed Feb. , rooms from $ 78 , entrées from $ 17 . Loire Basics A two-hour drive southwest of Paris , the Loire Valley is known for its earthy cabernet franc wines and hundreds of majestic castles . It 's impossible to see them all  a visit to one château can take half a day  , so it 's wise to focus on the worthy ones : Chenonceau , the graceful riverine palace that once belonged to Henri II  chenonceau.com , $ 13  ; Chambord , which has a double-helix staircase inspired by the designs of Leonardo da Vinci  chambord.org , $ 12.50  ; and Cheverny , renowned for its flamboyant , gilded interiors  chateau-cheverny . com , $ 9.75  . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Hotel Diderot in Chinon is housed in a sprawling 15th-century home The 18-room La Roseraie is a five-minute walk from Château de Chenonceau Auberge du Centre in Chitenay has 26 brightly decorated rooms
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama is crafting his own laws of political physics these days , insisting that inaction by a divided Congress requires White House action in order to get something done . A campaign labeled "  We Ca n't Wait " pushes unilateral directives and programs from the White House as the only way to push ahead on the president 's agenda when a do-nothing Congress fails to act . "  There is inaction . There is a lack of action , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney explained to reporters this week when asked about a series of executive orders and actions the president has taken or is planning . "  So there is a need to move , because we can move . " Republicans reject the premise of the White House position , arguing that Obama chooses to blame Congress for inaction instead of working with legislators from both parties on bills that can pass . House Speaker John Boehner , speaking on the Laura Ingraham show last week , described as laughable the prospect that Obama would use executive orders to bypass Congress on substantive issues . At the same time , though , the Ohio Republican said he would keep close watch to make sure nothing unconstitutional happens . To Adam Warber , a Clemson University political science professor who wrote a book on executive orders , Obama is carrying on a consistent tradition of his predecessors in trying to expand the power of the presidency as much as possible . "  It 's incremental , " Warber said . "  Each president kind of adds to the power that the presidency has . " In Obama 's case , "  we pretty much are seeing that behind the scenes he 's centralizing power , " Warber continued . "  He 's not really different than anyone else . " For Obama , the strategy of executive orders serves a dual purpose by moving forward on parts of his agenda despite Republican opposition while projecting an image of decisive action in the face of political inaction . "  Congress has been trying since February to do something about this , " Obama said Monday in announcing an executive order that directs the Food and Drug Administration to increase efforts to reduce shortages of some prescription drugs . "  It has not yet been able to get it done . And it is the belief of this administration ... that we ca n't wait for action on the Hill ; we 've got to go ahead and move forward . " His GOP foes call such rhetoric grandstanding , noting it leads to piecemeal steps instead of working with Congress to pass more substantive legislation acceptable to both parties . "  I know he 's desperately interested in trying to blame anybody else , but he 's the president of the United States , he set the agenda , he got everything he wanted . And it did n't work , " Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said last week . Obama rejects the Republican view , saying in his weekly address Saturday that GOP foes now refuse to debate job-creation measures that congressional Republicans have supported in the past . In addition , Republican counter-proposals to cut regulations and roll back health care and Wall Street reforms failed to address the immediate need to reduce unemployment , Obama argues . "  Meanwhile , they 're only scheduled to work three more weeks between now and the end of the year , " Obama said in the Saturday address . "  The truth is , we can no longer wait for Congress to do its job . The middle-class families who 've been struggling for years are tired of waiting . They need help now . So where Congress wo n't act , I will . " Warber , however , said the presidential messaging of the "  We Ca n't Wait " campaign amounts to what he called "  political theater . " Obama is trying to "  pass the ball " to congressional Republicans "  so that they have to hold economic problems in their hands during the election , " said Warber , whose 2006 book was titled "  Executive Orders and the Modern Presidency : Legislating from the Oval Office . " Almost three years into his term , Obama is on a similar pace in issuing executive orders issued as his recent predecessors such as George W. Bush , Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan . While some executive orders are routine or ceremonial in nature , presidents since Jimmy Carter have used them more for major policy directives to sidestep the legislative or bureaucratic process , Warber said . "  What they 're doing here is they 're using these tools to bypass the legislative process to make laws , " he said , adding that the White House "  through the president is taking the lead , saying this is what we want here . " The prescription drug executive order announced Monday is designed to help reduce a growing number of prescription drug shortages while protecting patients from possible pharmaceutical industry price gouging . Among other things , the order requires the Food and Drug Administration to increase its reporting of possible shortages of certain prescription drugs , while also speeding up regulatory reviews of new drug manufacturing sites , drug suppliers and manufacturing changes . The Justice Department will be tasked with examining whether specific drug shortages are tied to an intentional stockpiling of medications designed to raise prices . Other new policies pushed by the White House include steps to help families refinance homes that have lost value in the recession , programs to help war veterans get jobs , and reforms to student loan processing . When questioned by reporters Tuesday , Carney conceded that legislation passed by Congress would be a more substantive step toward the kind of job-creation measures needed to help the struggling economic recovery . For example , Obama 's proposed jobs bill "  is filled with provisions that require legislative action , " Carney said . "  He 's not pulling things out and making them law by fiat . I 'm sure he wishes he could . " Carney also has insisted that Obama "  is acting well within his authority , well within his constitutional authority " by taking what he called administrative steps . According to Warber , other examples of unilateral executive steps include signing statements , proclamations , memorandums and directives . Signing statements are documents from the president that challenge or reject specific provisions in bills passed by Congress , acting as a kind of line-item veto that can serve as legal reasoning in a possible court challenge , Warber said . Proclamations are usually ceremonial in nature , he added , but presidents have been known to slip in policy statements or other substantive steps . If the language shifts from the generally flowery prose of a ceremonial proclamation , he said , look closely for a policy issue somewhere in the text . Historically , executive orders are rarely overturned . To do so in Congress would require overcoming a likely presidential veto , an unlikely event in the current Democratic-controlled Senate . Warber noted that the Supreme Court could exercise its judicial review authority to strike down an executive order as being unconstitutional . However , he said , research showed that Congress and the courts "  have been quite passive in challenging executive orders . " "  There is a lot of research that is needed on this subject , " he said , "  but one of the theories about why this might be the case is that Congress and the courts are reluctant to engage in a separation-of-powers battle with the president . "	NEW : Few legal challenges are made against executive orders The White House says if Congress , and especially Republicans , wo n't act , we will Republicans reject the White House campaign as grandstanding Presidents always try to expand the power of the executive branch , an expert says
Beccles , England  CNN  -- WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said Friday that the sexual misconduct charges against him are little more than an effort to discredit him and his organization . "  This has been a very successful smear campaign so far , but I think its days are numbered and people are starting to wonder , is what is claimed really true and if it is true , where is the evidence ? , " Assange told NBC 's Today show . "  Why has no evidence been provided even to me and my defense attorneys ? " Assange , who was released from a British jail on bail Thursday pending extradition proceedings involving sexual misconduct allegations in Sweden , said the technological and legal attacks on his website are diverting resources from its core mission . But he said it has not slowed the group from publishing new secret diplomatic documents . "  People like to present WikiLeaks as just me and my backpack -- that is not true we are a large organization , " he told reporters . "  It is resilient , it is designed to withstand decapitation attacks and our publication rate actually increased during the time I was in solitary confinement . " Assange was released Thursday after a British court rejected an appeal on behalf of Swedish authorities to keep him jailed pending an extradition hearing . Assange is wanted for questioning on accusations of rape , sexual molestation and illegal use of force stemming from separate incidents in August in Stockholm . He has not been charged , but he could face two years in prison if convicted . Assange must stay at the mansion of a supporter outside London , report to the police daily , wear an electronic tag to monitor his location , and put up 200,000 pounds  about $ 310,000  in bail money , plus two 20,000-pound sureties  about $ 31,000 each  , the judge ruled . The next hearing in the case is scheduled for January 11 . Assange , 39 , and WikiLeaks have been under increasing pressure since the organization began releasing secret U.S. diplomatic cables late last month . Web service providers and payment processors have cut their relations with the organization , its website has been subject to attacks and U.S. authorities have reportedly convened a secret grand jury to investigate possible espionage charges against Assange . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has said he has authorized "  significant " actions related to a criminal investigation into the publication of the diplomatic cables , but has declined to elaborate . Assange said evidence of such an investigation is mounting and responded to a claim that surfaced Friday that he may have supplied software to a U.S. Army private accused of downloading secret documents without authorization . "  I have no information about what you are referring to , " Assange told Today . "  We do n't know what the grounds of that investigation is . " Assange said he is concerned for Army Pfc. Bradley Manning , who faces military accusations of accessing military and diplomatic documents for which he did not have authorization . Manning is being held in solitary confinement , as Assange was while in custody . "  WikiLeaks is designed to not know who its sources are . But we can see he is the only person who has been accused and that means he is in a difficult position where he is , in solitary confinement , " Assange said . The organization has offered $ 50,000 for Manning 's defense , Assange said . Assange also condemned the Swedish investigation , complaining that "  the whole damn thing is kept secret . " "  All hearings in Sweden were secret . A gag order was attempted to be placed upon my Swedish attorney , " he told Today . "  And the requested conditions upon my extradition to Sweden and arrival in Sweden was that I would be held incommunicado . " He said something is seriously wrong that such investigations would be handled in such secrecy . Assange -- saying he cooperated with Swedish authorities , got their permission to leave the country and promptly turned himself when when a European arrest warrant was issued -- said he was fighting extradition not because he is guilty but on principle . "  It is not the case that I or any other person should have to fly off to foreign states without the provision of any evidence whatsoever , " he said . "  That is simply not acceptable to me and it should not be acceptable to any person . " Granting bail "  does not signify any change in the ongoing investigation , " Swedish prosecutor Marianne Ny said in a statement after the ruling , adding that extradition proceedings are in the hands of the British authorities , not the Swedes . Assange said following his release that while clearing his name is important , so is continuing the work of WikiLeaks . About 2,000 of the 250,000 U.S. State Department documents WikiLeaks says it has have been released , Assange said Friday , and more are being published daily . Leaders of the United States and some other countries have said that releasing the documents threatens lives , national security and international relations . WikiLeaks and its supporters say the public has a right to know what goes on behind diplomatic doors . Earlier this year , WikiLeaks posted thousands of documents related to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Assange , was initially granted release on bail on Tuesday , but British prosecutors acting on behalf of Sweden appealed the decision , delaying his release . Cheers of "  Julian , Julian , Julian , out , out , out ! " and "  Exposing war crimes is no crime ! " went up from his supporters outside the High Court after the decision was announced Thursday . Assange said after his release Thursday that his arrest "  confirmed to me personally that we are on the right path and has given me enough anger about the situation to last me 100 years . " CNN 's Atika Shubert , Peter Wilkinson , Jonathan Wald , Per Nyberg and Lianne Turner contributed to this report .	WikiLeaks founder says Swedish sex allegations are a smear campaign Assange was freed on bail by a British court on Thursday pending an extradition hearing Assange says WikiLeaks is too resilient to be brought down by attacks against it
Beijing , China  CNN  -- When Wu Youjian 's teenage son told her on a spring night in 1999 that he was gay , Wu did something rarely heard of in China . "  I told him , there 's nothing wrong with liking boys and it 's no big deal , " said the 63-year-old retired magazine editor . Five years later , when her son discussed his sexuality on local television in the southern metropolis of Guangzhou , Wu made another groundbreaking decision . She became what state media calls the first Chinese parent to go on television in support of her gay child . Zheng Yuantao , 30 , knows how lucky he is to have such a mother . "  Many of my gay friends are afraid of going home during holidays , because their parents would ask about girlfriends and press them to get married , " he said . "  I grew up in a very open-minded family , " he added . "  I did n't have too much of a struggle about my sexuality . " Wu now devotes her time and energy to speaking up for gay acceptance by family and society . Her small frame belies her big role in China 's gay community , where she is affectionately called "  Mama Wu . " She taught herself to use a computer three years ago and now writes a blog that has clocked more than 2.2 million hits . She also tweets frequently , has launched a hotline and founded the country 's first PFLAG - Parents , Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays - group in her hometown . "  I just followed my instinct and my love for my son , " Wu said . For other Chinese parents in her situation , however , instinct usually means a deep sense of shame . Many refuse to face the reality and some sever ties with their gay children . Others scheme to break up their children 's relationships . Some may insist on psychiatric treatments , while others may threaten to commit suicide if their children do n't change . ` Mama Wu ' inspires other Chinese parents of gay children "  In China , we consider carrying on the family line of paramount importance , but we do n't value the happiness of individuals , " said Li Yinhe , a sociologist with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences . Societal pressure cooker Suicide is high among Chinese homosexuals , Li said , with some surveys saying as many as 30 percent of gay youth attempt to take their lives . That trend mirrors the United States , where a spate of suicides by gay adolescents in recent months has shaken the nation . Most gay men in China still succumb to social pressure and marry women . It once meant heterosexual marriages , often with children , Li said . Now , gay community activists say a small but growing number of young gay men in big cities are tying the knot with lesbians to both placate families and maintain their lifestyles . Li conducted China 's first comprehensive surveys on gay men . She published her findings in a 1992 book , which Wu credited for shaping her views on homosexuality . While society at large has loosened up on homosexuality , Li said , family pressure on gay people remains strong because of deep-rooted Confucian ideas and the government 's one-child policy - making Wu 's words and actions all the more powerful . "  No one would listen to an outsider , but she is not - she is a mother whose only son is gay , " Li said . "  Others would wonder , if she can handle it so well , why ca n't I. " It 's not all accolades for Wu , however . Vitriolic attacks often dog her online . On a popular video-sharing site , under a clip paying tribute to her achievements , a recent comment accused her of "  leading our youth to a place filthier than a brothel " and "  hastening the moral death of our already-sick society . " Wu brushes such verbal assaults aside . Her son , often a target himself along with Wu , understands why . "  It 's not about how many people she can change , " Zheng said . "  The important thing is that she is out there helping real people every day . " Gay venues shut down Homosexuality is not illegal in China , and in 2001 it was also removed from the country 's list of officially recognized mental disorders . But it remains largely a taboo topic on state-run media . Police sometimes shut down gay venues when high profile events are held . Gay rights advocates reported raids on gay clubs , saunas and cruising spots ahead of the Summer Olympics and the annual parliament sessions in Beijing in the past . Officials have also pulled the plug - often at the last minute - on gay-themed events , including the country 's first gay pageant last January . Li , the sociologist who also serves as a government adviser , has tried to cement gay rights in Chinese law . She submitted proposals to legalize same-sex marriage in 2003 , 2005 and 2006 . None have succeeded so far - and she admits her goal probably wo n't be realized anytime soon . "  Gays are minorities in society , " she said . "  People just do n't think this issue is important enough , compared to national priorities like economic development . " Wu stresses the social and non-political nature of her activities , highlighting official approval and state media reports in her speeches . Her group also joins the effort in HIV/AIDS prevention , a gay-related cause promoted by the government . She has picked up pace in spreading the message of acceptance , giving lectures and hosting seminars across the nation . At a recent PFLAG gathering in Beijing , Wu , sporting a rainbow scarf and speaking in a calm but firm tone , addressed a packed hotel conference room of about 100 people , with her son and his boyfriend in attendance . Her voice cracked , however , when she mentioned how parental intransigence drove a married young gay man , who had sought her help , to take his life . "  We have to give them hope , " Wu said , quoting iconic gay American politician Harvey Milk . Wu says she constantly reminds other parents about one basic fact . "  It does n't matter if our children are gay or straight - just like it does n't matter if they are left-handed or right-handed , " she said . "  They are always our children . " Thousands of blog posts and phone calls later , Wu has compiled her stories in a new book - titled "  Love Is the Most Beautiful Rainbow " - and vows to continue her effort . "  I have only one child , but so many call me Mama , " she said .	` Mama Wu ' has earned fame by publicly defending her homosexual son Homosexuals face deep cultural prejudices and pressure to marry About 30 percent of Chinese homosexuals have attempted suicide Although not illegal , homosexual venues regularly shut down in China
CNN  -- Some of the world 's largest airlines are conducting safety checks after debris fell from the engine of a Qantas Airbus A380 as it flew over Indonesia . Australia 's national airline has now grounded its Airbus A380 fleet indefinitely . How serious is the incident -- and what does it mean for the aviation industry ? What do we know about the Qantas engine incident ? One of the four engines on the Qantas A380 , which was carrying 440 passengers and 26 crew Thursday , shut down shortly after it left Singapore 's Changi Airport . The most obvious sign of damage to the plane is that part of one engine cowling , or covering , had been blown away . Debris was later found on the Indonesian island of Batan . Why is this being taken so seriously ? This type of incident is known as an "  uncontained engine failure , " explains Richard Quest , CNN 's aviation correspondent . "  Probably something happened at the front of the engine , it ingested into the engine , out the other side and that 's where the explosion or non-containment happened . " Quest highlighted damage to the wing above the engine , including puncture marks . "  Whatever event took place in engine number two , the debris from that event exploded outwards , removing part of the cowling and , it seems , going upwards through the wing . " Quest said the debris hit the wing by the forward slats , several meters away from critical areas such as the fuel tanks and fuel lines . "  Any form of debris that leaves an engine and has upward momentum sufficiently that it can go through the wing in that sort of mode has to be taken very seriously indeed , " Quest said . "  That is why , in this case , Qantas has decided to ground the fleet . " Quest highlighted other signs of damage on the engine casing , including the presence of soot marks where the fan and combustion chambers meet the exhaust . "  That suggests there was clearly some sort of an event , some sort of fire , " he explained . Were the passengers and air crew in any danger ? While the incident was serious , the plane landed with no reported injuries . Quest said the pilot would have faced a challenging landing : one of his reverse thrusters would not work and he would be carrying too much fuel . But air crews practice for such eventualities . "  This was not even a difficult landing for him . " How common is this type of incident ? An uncontained engine failure is extremely uncommon , said Quest -- but it has happened on several occasions before . In 1985 a British Airtours Boeing 737-236 at Manchester International Airport in northern England , caught fire as it readied for take-off . Debris from the engine punctured an underwing fuel tank access panel , according to a later Air Accident Investigation Branch report into the incident . The resulting blaze engulfed the fuselage in a matter of minutes , killing 55 passengers and crew . What do we know about the engine itself ? The engine used on the Qantas Airbus A380 is the Rolls Royce Trent 900 . All A380s -- save those flown by Emirates -- are fitted with it , accounting for more than half the 37 A380s in operation before Thursday 's incident . In a statement to CNN , a Rolls-Royce spokesperson said : "  Safety is always our highest priority . We are currently analyzing the available information and working with our customers to support their operations . " Shares in Rolls Royce dropped more than five percent Thursday in trading on the London Stock Exchange . What 's the safety record of the Airbus A380 ? The plane involved in this incident would be about two years old , with the engine of a similar age . The Airbus A380 has a 100 percent safety record , Quest explained . "  There have been niggles with the fuel systems and engines but nothing like this , they have more been operational issues . It is an extremely complicated airplane . The plane is designed for an uncontained engine failure . " "  The airlines love it , " adds Quest . "  Everyone who flies on the A380 says it 's quiet , it 's roomy , it 's comfortable . " The incident happened in the same region as Indonesian volcano Mount Merapi , which is now active . Could this have been a factor ? Investigators will look at all possibilities . Earlier this year , no-fly zones were imposed across Europe due to ash clouds from Iceland 's Eyjafjallajökull . It was feared that dust and ash from the volcano might damage airplane engines . However , while Mount Merapi is also in Indonesia , it is located several hundred miles from where the incident took place . IVolcanic activity has not yet been flagged as a serious possible cause of the engine failure . What is Airbus saying about the incident ? In a statement to CNN company spokesperson Justin Dubon confirmed that "  a Qantas A380 returned safely back to Singapore . The Singaporean authorities have launched an official investigation and these will be led by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau  ATSB  . "  Airbus is providing full technical assistance and is dispatching a technical team to Singapore where Airbus already has resident technical personnel . " Has there been any comment from other operators of the A380 ? Singapore Airlines said in a statement on its website that it would delay all its A380 flights for the time being . "  Our engine manufacturer Rolls Royce and aircraft manufacturer Airbus have advised us to conduct precautionary technical checks on our A380 aircraft , following today 's incident involving another operator 's A380 . " Lufthansa , which operates three A380s , including to Tokyo , said : "  Our operations are as normal . We are on standby to go further but no decisions have been made . " CNN 's Richard Quest contributed to this report	Incident , known as an "  uncontained engine failure " is rare but not unknown , says CNN 's Richard Quest Engine type is fitted to more than half the 37 A380s currently in operation Quest : There have been niggles with the fuels systems and engines but nothing like this
CNN  -- When Hurricane Katrina walloped New Orleans in late August 2005 , Kate Schneiderman was in New York , 10 states and 1,100 miles away from the storm . Kate Schneiderman , 24 , is originally from New York , and works in politics in New Orleans . Fifteen months later , she traded New York 's streets for those submerged during what the Federal Emergency Management Agency called the nation 's worst natural disaster . "  I literally quit my job , bought a car , packed it up , drove down , " Schneiderman , 24 , told CNN . She said a college friend who was living in New Orleans persuaded her to quit her Wall Street job in financial communications -- a career that did n't make her happy and did n't fit her political science degree -- and move to New Orleans . "  It 's the best decision I ever made , " Schneiderman said . Now nearly a year into her position as director of communications for New Orleans Councilman-at-Large Arnie Fielkow , the native New Yorker has become a self-described "  grizzled veteran " of the Big Easy . She speaks affectionately of the city 's people and of its slower pace , although she laughingly notes that she 'll "  never ever " get used to the city 's soupy summer heat . She says she 's here for the long haul . "  When I first moved down , I said , ` I 'll give it two years ... it 'll be my little adventure . ' And something sort of funny happened almost immediately , " she said . "  I felt immediately at home . " Schneiderman is one of many young professionals who have arrived in New Orleans since Hurricane Katrina ransacked the city , according to experts who study population trends in the area . Armed with college degrees and buoyed with seemingly boundless optimism and energy , these 20 - and 30-year-olds have taken up work in various sectors of the community , ranging from business to politics , or in the several humanitarian programs helping to rebuild the city . "  From what you can tell in talking to people and looking at organizations ... there does seem to be a significant influx of young , usually very well educated college graduates ... who have come to New Orleans to help , " said Tim Ryan , the University of New Orleans ' chancellor . "  Many have decided that this is an interesting place to live , and decide , at least for some short period of time , to stay here . " While there is speculation on whether the number of young professionals moving here actually constitutes a "  significant influx , " there is ample anecdotal evidence to show that beleaguered New Orleans is softly luring young people looking for meaningful and purposeful work . Dubbed New Orleans ' "  brain gain , " these newcomers all have their own stories , their own path to the city . Some were volunteers who arrived soon after the storm . Others , like Schneiderman , came well after . Some are New Orleans natives , many are not . Regardless of their hometowns , their professions , their reasons for moving , they are bound by a common thread : a pull to this city that so many left behind . "  In other cities , " Mike Heid , a 26-year-old copy editor for an advertising firm , said , "  I probably would have just done my job and gone home and been happy with that . Because those other cities ... I do n't think would have needed my help as much as this city . " Heid worked in New York for a time before he arrived in New Orleans , he said . "  Just being down here ... even if it 's just to help business down here , " Heid said , "  anything that 's down here is helping . " After volunteering for a short time with The Idea Village , a nonprofit group that supports entrepreneurs , University of Pennsylvania graduate Miji Park said she did n't want to leave . "  Being involved in that and ... getting to understand the city made me realize that the impact I could make here was so much greater than at a boring real estate economic research firm back home , " the 23-year-old said . She gave up the well paid "  boring " job in her hometown of Berkeley , California , for a full-time job with The Idea Village . And she has n't regretted it at all . "  I believe in the power of place , " she said . "  I think history incorporates itself not only in the architecture , but also the atmosphere of different cities , and in New Orleans you definitely feel that atmosphere and you can feel the history . And I think that 's what drew me closer to New Orleans . " Richard Campanella , a geographer and associate director of the Center for Bioenvironmental Research at Tulane University , says there are probably 2,000 to 3,000 of these newly arrived young professionals in New Orleans . In an e-mail , Campanella said he bases this rough estimate on the 2006 Louisiana Health and Population Survey . However , amid the city 's current population of 273,000 , this group of newcomers is a "  small segment of the population , " according to Greg Rigamer , the chief executive officer for GCR & Associates Inc. , a New Orleans research firm . They are by no means replenishing the approximately 40 percent of the city 's pre-Katrina population who have not returned . "  We are not the ` Mecca ' in the country for these young people , " Rigamer said . William Frey , a researcher with the Brookings Institution , which has kept detailed records and analysis of the city 's population since the storm , said his analysis of 2006 census data released this month shows that those in the 25 - to 35-year-old age range were least likely to be present in the city by July of last year . Still , Rigamer said , "  There are a number of young people coming to help out . " What makes this group 's arrival notable , he said , is that before the storm , the city had difficulty drawing or keeping the young and educated . "  We are attracting ... young people that we were n't before , " Rigamer said . Asked whether Campanella 's estimate of 2,000 to 3,000 is accurate , Rigamer said it likely was . "  It 's really probably in that range , " he said . Hanging over these young people , however , is a persistent question . Will they stay ? "  I do n't think that many of those people have made permanent decisions , " Ryan said , adding that the answer to that question depends on whether the city is able to fix many of its problems -- among them a weakened infrastructure , a high murder rate and limited career growth opportunities . "  I think they 're willing to certainly keep an open mind about the future and see how things go over the next couple of years , " Ryan said . Rigamer concurred . "  This is the most mobile segment of our community , " he said . "  So guess what ? They 're going to be mobile . " For Harvard Business School graduate John Alford , 32 , who arrived in June 2006 , the rate of progress can be frustrating . Alford is the school leader of the Langston Hughes Academy Charter School . " -LSB- I 'm -RSB- driving past the same potholes ... since last year , " he said . "  They 're not being fixed . I know that 's just a pothole , but it 's also a sign of where the city 's at . " For Heid and Schneiderman , crime is a concern . "  Crime kind of freaks me out , " Heid said , adding that he also grows anxious when storms draw near . But both say it is n't enough to push them out of the city . Likewise , Alford , a Brooklyn , New York , native , says he 's here to stay . "  This is my new home , " he said . What about the question of whether to rebuild the city ? Irrelevant , he says . "  The question 's already been answered . We are rebuilding it now . " E-mail to a friend Jackie Adams contributed to this report .	Experts say many young professionals have arrived in New Orleans Group probably comprises a small segment of the city 's population Despite their love for the city , it is not certain if they will stay permanently
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- On any other day , Copacabana Beach has a hypnotic ability to relax its guests . Its crescent-like coast -- where coconut water is coolly sipped , Brazilian sun beats down and hodgepodge hotels stand , juxtaposed against the dramatic peak of the Sugarloaf Mountain and her sisters -- calms the most stressed-out of Cariocas and turns city-workaholics into lackadaisical loungers . But not on this day ; currently there is a very different atmosphere on its golden sands . Events have conspired for the benevolent beach to now act as a gritty site of torture , where the searing heat is only adding to the discomfort of the thousands gathered . Nearly all to a man are wrapped in yellow and wracked with anxiety . Many hide their faces , unable to bear the sights their eyes witness , struggling to contemplate the repercussions of events that are transpiring . The Jumbotron screen , that sits before those assembled , beams live pictures of a nation on the precipice . This proud country 's heroes , the warriors of the people , have battled with all their hearts only to sit moments from humbling , embarrassing defeat . But this is not a war with the lives of soldiers on the line , or a natural calamity that has befallen a population . No , Brazil 's national football team is in a World Cup penalty shootout with regional rivals Chile and , as a result , 200 million people are on the edge of a nervous breakdown . Security guards abandon their posts to gather around surveillance vehicles , which have their TVs trained to live football rather than CCTV feeds of trouble hotspots . On the underground metro , each commuter battles to get mobile phone connection so they can update the rest of the carriage with the latest news . The streets are silent bar the overspill of punters straining their necks to view the action through the doorways and windows of fan-filled restaurants . A 22-year-old man called Neymar steps up to the penalty spot to take his chance and the entire country , including the thousands at the FIFA Fan Fest on Copacabana Beach , holds its breath and prays for salvation ... ----- | | | | ------ There are n't many countries in the world that have a national holiday every time the national teams play , or whose media eclipsed reports of the Apollo 12 moon landing with news of PelÃ © 's 1,000 th goal . But Brazil 's relationship with the side they lovingly term the ` Selecao ' is far from normal . "  When you 're born in Brazil your father will hang the shirt of the team you 're going to follow on the door of your room . There 's a joke we say that sexual orientation , religion ... all of that you can choose but not the team . Football is part of your life even in the hospital when you 're born . "  And for many , when you die , your coffin is covered with the flag of the team ... so football is from birth to death , " Jamil Chade , European correspondent for Estado de Sao Paulo told CNN . At a time when the so-called ` spiritual home of football ' is playing host to the World Cup , a tournament that has fans dew-eyed the world over regardless , it is maybe understandable why emotions are currently running high . Ever since British enthusiasts formally introduced the sport in 1892 , Brazil has been besotted by football . Some say it 's tantamount to a religion but for David Goldblatt , author of "  Futebol Nation : The Story of Brazil through Soccer " , this clichÃ © misses important details . Infographic : How women are watching the World Cup "  There is n't a divine being , moral framework or holy book so it 's better to think of it as a mixture of national ritual , popular theater and collective soap opera , " Goldblatt told CNN . " -LSB- Football has a -RSB- church element , in terms of ritual collective gatherings , in a regular place in a regular time . It 's a multi-level , multi-character rolling story commenting on the rest of the world . And it 's a form of popular theater in the way the dramatic narrative of the matches plays out . So it 's not a religion but the rest add ups to quite a lot . " And it was for these reasons the sport has played such a powerful role in shaping the Brazilian national identity after it became independent in 1822 . "  When the intelligentsia asked ` what is Brazil ? ' the pervading idea was that of a white , European nation in the tropics ... which worked for about five people in Rio , but for a country that has a 60 % Afro-Brazilian mix it was never really going to be enough , " Goldblatt said . An ideal was needed to bind the nation , one that was representative of the demographic heritage of Brazil and at the same time emblematic of the aspirations of the new state . Football , Goldblatt argues , fitted the bill . "  Firstly , -LSB- Brazil -RSB- get huge international recognition when they come third in the 1938 World Cup . Secondly , football had appeal beyond the literate population , -LSB- it was -RSB- a medium that could ... reach the high degree of illiterate across the country . And crucially , from the 1930s it 's the first arena in Brazilian public life that was ethnically integrated . " It 's a sentiment with which Chade , a Sao Paulo native and resident , agrees : "  Football is one of the few elements that unites the sentiment of Brazil . There 's very little that unifies someone who lives in the Amazon with someone who lives in Sao Paulo . "  There are few elements that glue the society together . That is why it 's such a drama when the ` Selecao ' lose , because it 's not the football team losing it 's your own identity as a Brazilian that is questioned . " Politics and art alike became intertwined with this powerful vehicle for connecting with a diverse and disparate population . Eminent Brazilian sociologist Gilberto Freye saw football as integral to the emerging personality of his home nation . After watching the team fail in its attempt to become world champions in France 1938 , he wrote : "  Our style of football seems to contrast to the -LSB- acute and angular -RSB- Europeans because of a set of characteristics : surprise , craftiness , shrewdness , recklessness and individual expression and spontaneity . Our mulatto  mixed race  football is an expression of our social order . " And before 1950 a key debate in Brazil was whether their social order was enough to be included within the world 's "  concert of civilized nations . " Despite sending troops to the Second World War , Brazil 's request for a seat on the U.N. Security Council had been rejected . Then they lost out on the 1950 World Cup to rivals Uruguay , despite being hosts . "  When the loss to Uruguay happened in the 1950 there was a thought that our destiny was to forever be in the margins of the center of the world . The drama was not the loss on the pitch , or the suicides that followed but it was a crisis of national identity , " Chade said . "  Nelson Rodrigues -LSB- a famous Brazilian playwright , journalist and iconoclast -RSB- said that when we won the World Cup in 1958 that : ` After 458 years we have finally stood up . ' "  So we 're not talking just about football -LSB- when it comes to the Selecao -RSB- , of course it 's just eleven against eleven , of course it does n't change anything in your life , but it is a mirror of a situation -- and in the case of Brazil it reflects our national identity , " Chade added . To this day the national team also mirror many of the key issues in Brazilian society . "  Brazil 's booming economy is built on commodity export : iron ore , sugar , soya beans and oil without ever getting the key value of these because they end up being processed further down the value chain ... and it 's the same with football , " said Goldblatt . "  In the year 2009 , 1200 footballers left Brazil to play elsewhere . Only the old , the very young and the not very good stay home ... Now , if you want to see the best Brazilian footballers , you need to watch the -LSB- European -RSB- Champions League . " "  This -LSB- current national team -RSB- , bar two , are all playing overseas . So they 're more cosmopolitan and to my eyes they play European football . I 'm not sure a Brazilian style exists any more ... but it 's an inevitable consequence of globalization , " Goldblatt added . Chade agrees the Brazilian style is all but gone : "  Some say Germany are playing like Brazil used to . It 's not a process that 's happening just with Brazil . I think -LSB- globalization -RSB- feeds both ways . But if a player leaves Brazil at 18 and plays in another league with another characteristic until 32 how can he play with a Brazilian characteristic . " Not that a change in style seems to have diminished the passion of the support that Brazil enjoy . ----- | | | | ------ "  Goooooooll !!!!! " shout a million or more Brazil fans as Neymar slots his penalty into the corner of the goal-net . Anxiety and fear turn to hope and excitement . Tears remain poised for release . Chile 's Gonzalo Jara is next up . He just needs to score from 12 yards to keep his side in the competition . Thwack ! He shoots ... and hits the post ! A collective shedding of emotion takes place across Brazil 's vast land , relief and elation painted on the faces of the faithful , tears rolling forth , fireworks exploding like machine guns . The ` Selecao ' live to fight another day , progress to be one-game closer to winning the World Cup they covet so dearly , and show the planet that Brazil is as vibrant and beautiful as ever . Tune in Friday , when the fate of the nation will once again be decided .	The so-called ` spiritual home of football ' is playing host to the World Cup The sport has played a powerful role in shaping the Brazilian national identity The national team mirror many of the key issues in Brazilian society On Friday the fate of the nation once again lands at the feet of its stars
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israeli media are buzzing with reports that right-wing nationalist Avigdor Lieberman may become Israel 's next foreign minister . Avigdor Lieberman is loathed by ultra-orthodox parties because of his support for a Palestinian state . The appointment of Lieberman , a polarizing figure in Israeli politics , could complicate the stalled peace talks with the Palestinians . It could also further strain relations between Israel and moderate Arab countries . Prime Minister-designate Benjamin Netanyahu is still in the process of forming Israel 's next government . Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported this week that it is likely that he will select Lieberman as foreign minister . The paper quoted a source close to the negotiations between Netanyahu 's Likud Party and Lieberman 's Yisrael Beiteinu . Lieberman would replace outgoing Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , head of the moderate Kadima party , which secured the most number of parliament seats in last month 's election -- but not enough to form a coalition government . Netanyahu has been unable to woo moderate parties , including Kadima , into his government . He may be forced to concede some key ministerial posts to Lieberman 's party , which would be the second largest faction in the new coalition government behind Likud . Netanyahu has vowed to form a broad-based government , but it is unclear how he can keep that promise since Kadima and the moderate Labor Party have indicated that they plan to form an opposition to a Likud-led government . "  Although Netanyahu has reportedly largely agreed to making Lieberman his foreign minister , he is thought to still be weighing the potential political damage the appointment of the hawkish politicians would do to the image of his government , " Haaretz reported . The Jerusalem Post , quoting unnamed diplomatic sources , reported that although Israel 's ties with western Europe may suffer if Lieberman becomes foreign minister , he may help improve the Jewish state 's ties with Russia and eastern Europe . Lieberman is in a peculiar spot on the Israeli political spectrum He is routinely categorized as a right-wing hawk . But as a secularist who supports an independent Palestinian state , he is loathed by Israel 's ultra-orthodox parties , including Shas , which holds 11 seats in the Knesset and is another potential member of Netanyahu 's coalition . It is unclear how moderate Arab countries , who are still outraged over Israel 's recent military operation in Gaza , would react to Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman . Egypt , one of only four Muslim countries that have full diplomatic ties with Israel , has been trying to negotiate a broader cease-fire between Israel and Gaza 's Hamas leadership . It is unclear whether those indirect negotiations would continue under the new Israeli government . Lieberman has said he is unwilling to directly or indirectly negotiate with Hamas , which is considered a terrorist organization by Israel for its refusal to recognize Israel and renounce violence against the Jewish state . Lieberman does support "  the creation of a viable Palestinian state , " which is the bedrock of U.S. policy in the region . He restated that support in a Jewish Week article , written shortly after last month 's election . That puts him at odds with Netanyahu , who does not support a two-state solution . However , Lieberman 's support of a Palestinian state comes at a high price . He has stated that he would oppose any peace agreement that would divide Jerusalem as a shared capital between Israel and a Palestinian state . Lieberman , who migrated from the former Soviet Union to Israel in 1978 , has also called for Israel 's boundaries to be redrawn to exclude much of Israel 's Arab minority , a move that would strip them of their citizenship . Palestinians with Israeli citizenship make up about 20 percent of the Jewish state 's population . Lieberman frequently clashes with Arab members of the Knesset and has called for them to be tried and executed for meeting with leaders of Hezbollah and Hamas . He wants all Knesset members , both Arabs and Jews , to prove their loyalty by swearing allegiance to the Israeli flag and national anthem . Arab Knesset member Ahmed Tibi has warned that Lieberman 's rising popularity reflects a dangerous trend . "  We are talking about a pure and obvious fascist phenomena invading the Israeli society , " Tibi said . "  During the last years , racism became mainstream in the Israeli society . " Lieberman 's supporters credit him with offering clear solutions to Israel 's complicated problems . In his article in Jewish Week , he rejected accusations from his critics that his party is racist . "  I stand at the head of the most diverse political party in the Knesset , " he wrote , noting that his party 's Knesset members have included four women , three people with disabilities , a Jewish convert and a Zionist . "  I find it a bit rich to be called a bigot . " He said that he "  look -LSB- s -RSB- forward to working with President Obama " since "  U.S.-Israel relations are as strong as ever , and that our shared values and interests make our friendship unshakable . " Yossi Klein Halevy of the Adelson Institute of Strategic Studies said Lieberman is tapping into the dark side of Israelis ' concerns about security , particularly as militants in Gaza continue to routinely fire rockets on southern Israel "  Lieberman is riding an ugly wave of resentment among many Jewish Israelis toward the Arab-Israeli minority , " he said . Ynetnews.com political correspondent Attila Somfalvi recently wrote that Lieberman has become "  the leader of those who lost any hope or faith in the possibility of securing peace or engaging in talks with the Arabs . " "  The war in Gaza indeed restored the public 's sense of security and lowered the anxiety level , yet Lieberman is perceived as the man who will know how to do what needs to be done so that no more missiles land around here , " she wrote .	Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu may pick Avigdor Lieberman Media say he might hurt ties with West but improve ties with Russia It is unclear whether talks over Gaza cease-fire would continue Lieberman frequently clashes with Arab members of Knesset
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal stayed on course for another final showdown in Rome as they conjured up straights sets victories Friday to reach the last four of the Masters 1000 tournament . Defending champion Djokovic saw off fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 7-5 6-1 in their quarterfinal match at the Foro Italico , producing some of his best tennis of the year in the second set . The first had been evenly fought with five breaks of service but once the world number one edged ahead after an hour he took command . "  In the second set I played one of the best sets on clay this year , " he told the official tournament website . "  This is encouraging for the challenges ahead . With Roland Garros coming , I 'm playing and feeling better in every match . " Second seed Nadal , who suffered a rare clay court defeat when losing to Djokovic in the 2011 final in Rome , battled past dangerous Czech Tomas Berdych . Nadal was beating the seventh seed for the 11th time in a row , but was pushed all the way in a match lasting a shade over two hours . Three breaks of service and 34 winners for the Spaniard earned him a semifinal match against compatriot David Ferrer , who beat French 15th seed Richard Gasquet 7-6 6-3 . "  I played one of my best matches on clay against a difficult opponent , " Nadal said . Djokovic will next face Roger Federer , who easily dispatched home hope hope Andreas Seppi 6-1 6-2 in the final match on court Friday . The Swiss maestro , who was triumphant in Madrid , is bidding for his fifth title of the season . The pair will meet for the first time since their semifinal epic at the U.S. Open last year , won by Djokovic . In the WTA tournament , ninth seed Serena Williams had an easy passage to the last four when her Italian opponent Flavia Pennetta retired with a wrist injury when trailing 4-0 in the opener . Williams won the Madrid title last week and next faces French Open champion Li Na of China . Li , returning to her best form on clay , was rarely troubled by Dominika Cibulkova of Slovakia , winning 6-1 7-6 . Defending champion Maria Sharapova continued her title defense in style by beating Serena 's sister Venus 6-4 6-3 in their quarterfinal clash . Williams has shown encouraging signs on yet another comeback after illness , but the Russian was the sharper at the business end of each set . She will play Angelique Kerber of Germany , who battled past Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova to reach her sixth semifinal of the season . Kvitova was troubled by a stomach muscle injury and despite leveling at one set all was well beaten in the decider as Kerber won 7-6 1-6 6-1 in two hours 14 minutes .	Novak Djokovic reaches semifinal of Rome Masters beating Jo-Wilfried Tsonga Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer also go through in straight sets Serena Williams into semifinals of accompanying WTA tournament Williams to play Li Na of China for a place in Sunday 's final
Editor 's Note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Senior Vatican Analyst John L. Allen Jr. is following the pope during his U.S. trip . Pope Benedict XVI asked pilgrims in St. Peter 's Square on Sunday to pray for the success of his U.S. trip . NEW YORK  CNN  -- The official motto of Pope Benedict XVI 's April 15-20 visit to the United States , the first of his papacy , is "  Christ our Hope . " Based on the frequency with which papal spokespersons have struck a different note , however , its unofficial motto might well be , "  This is not a political event . " Here 's a typical example from early April : "  The pope is not coming to get mixed up in the local political process , " said Italian Archbishop Pietro Sambi , the pope 's ambassador to America , in an interview with the National Catholic Reporter . "  His presence is about something more universal and , at the same time , more personal . " Fear that Benedict 's visit might be read through the lens of party politics reflects a key fact of electoral life in America : The "  Catholic vote " matters . To take the most obvious example , if a few heavily Catholic counties in Ohio had gone the other way in 2004 , pundits would today be handicapping the re-election of President John Kerry . America 's almost 70 million Catholics , representing a quarter of the country 's population , are diverse and divided . They do n't all agree with official church positions , and although Catholics were once reliable Democrats , today they 're not clearly aligned with either party . That 's a key reason why states with large Catholic populations , such as Ohio , Pennsylvania , Wisconsin and Florida , are considered crucial battlegrounds . Already in the 2008 race , Catholics have made themselves felt . On the Democratic side , they 're the biggest single reason Sen. Hillary Clinton is still afloat . So far , the more Catholic a state , the better Clinton has done . With her back to the wall not long ago in Ohio and Texas , Clinton decisively outpolled Sen. Barack Obama among Catholic Democrats . In Ohio , Clinton won the Catholic vote by a margin of 63 percent to 36 , while in Texas it was 62 percent to 38 . Clinton is now hoping that Catholics will come through for her again in Pennsylvania 's April 22 primary . The state 's 3.87 million Catholics represent more than 30 percent of the population , and Clinton is clinging to a lead despite Pennsylvania Sen. Robert Casey 's endorsement of Obama . Casey is a hero to pro-life Catholic Democrats , and his backing is apparently helping Obama narrow the gap . Clinton does better than Obama among Latinos , who are disproportionately Catholic . She 's also winning Catholic "  Reagan Democrats , " meaning socially conservative blue-collar voters . Obama 's recent gaffe , telling a crowd in San Francisco , California , that small-town Americans were "  clinging to guns or religion " out of economic frustration , may help cement that advantage . Once the Democrats settle on a candidate , the Catholic vote seems wide open in November . Sen. John McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee , appeals to many Catholics because he 's pro-life and has a moderate stance on immigration . Yet his willingness to remain in Iraq for "  100 years " is at odds with the church 's opposition to the war . Either Clinton or Obama could make a strong appeal to Catholics on peace-and-justice issues , yet both are out of sync with Catholic teaching on issues such as abortion , stem-cell research and gay rights . Both sides are expected to court Catholics aggressively . The McCain campaign recently formed a "  National Catholics for McCain Committee " led by former Kansas Sen. Sam Brownback and former Oklahoma Gov. Frank Keating , along with a "  who 's who " of prominent Catholic conservatives . Obama has his own "  National Catholic Advisory Council , " led by Casey and former Indiana Rep. Tim Roemer , both pro-life Democrats . Clinton likewise has top-drawer Catholic advisers . Pope Benedict 's trip is unlikely to offer a decisive boost to either side . He 'll probably strike pro-life notes that Republicans can exploit , but he 'll also likely accent peace , concern for the poor and the environment , issues that generally skew to the Democrats . Watch as CNN 's Rosemary Church speaks with Vatican analyst John Allen about the pope 's visit " Any political fallout may thus depend on what happens to the pope 's message once it 's swept up into the sausage grinder of American spin . Benedict XVI usually speaks not in sound bites but in carefully crafted paragraphs , which sometimes leaves the door ajar for competing explanations of what he really means . One can expect a "  war for the microphone " among Republican and Democratic operatives , each looking to exploit pieces of the pope 's message . In a tight race , movement of even a few percentage points among Catholics could be decisive . One sign the Democrats understand what 's at stake is that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has arranged an April 16 conference call with reporters to comment on Benedict 's trip -- in effect , not wanting President Bush , and by extension the Republicans , to claim a monopoly on the pope . All this makes the political implications of the pope 's presence difficult to anticipate . The best advice boils down to that classic broadcast cliché : "  Stay tuned ! " E-mail to a friend John L. Allen Jr. is CNN 's senior Vatican analyst and a senior correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter .	Papal representatives stress Benedict 's U.S. trip is "  not a political event " But Catholic vote still matters in U.S. politics , as 2004 's close Ohio vote showed Obama 's "  guns and religion " gaffe may help Clinton with blue-collar Catholics Once Democrats settle on a candidate , Catholic vote seems wide open in November
CNN  -- Meet three-year-old Onafujiri "  Fuji " Remet . While most children his age in Nigeria -- and the rest of the world -- are more concerned with their toys than a career , he has already embarked on his mission to become a professional photographer . Proud dad Pius Kugbere Remet sent in these images of his talented young son posing with family and at work in Lagos . Read this : Boy scares off lions with flashy invention Himself an artist and graphic designer , he says Fuji 's inspiration came from the work of his creative family . Images three , four and eight show the budding photographer at work , snapping street scenes in Lagos and capturing portraits of his older sister , Onarietta  herself a photographer  . Read this : Orphaned girl starts university at 14 "  The creative home environment with unquestioned access to series of cameras is a key factor -LSB- in his interest in photography -RSB- Pius says . "  I hope he grows up to become a larger than life photographer , who 'll explore his natural platform to impact remarkably on the course of humanity . " Read this : Boy 's website tracks big beasts Little Fuji even has an exhibition coming up in Lagos on June 8 . Not bad for a three-year-old .	He may be just three , but Onafujiri "  Fuji " Remet is already a budding photographer Based in Lagos , Nigeria , he snaps street scenes and captures family portraits Check out the gallery to see some of his images
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Low visibility was to blame for a helicopter crash that killed 10 Americans on Monday in western Afghanistan , the U.S. Army said Wednesday . The crash in Badghis province killed seven U.S. service members and three U.S. civilians . It also injured 14 Afghan service members , 11 U.S. service members and a U.S. civilian , the military said . The helicopter crashed about 3:30 a.m. Monday when it lifted off after a successful operation to disrupt arms smuggling and narcotics trafficking in the Qadis district , the Army said . "  Thick dust stirred up from the initial takeoff and overwhelmed the visibility of the helicopter crew , " an Army statement said . "  While trying to correct the aircraft 's movement , it struck a tall structure , causing it to crash . Militants did not fire at the helicopter at any point during the departure or crash . " Names of the dead service members will be released pending notification of next of kin , said the Army , which continued to investigate the crash . It was one of two fatal incidents Monday involving helicopters . In all , 14 Americans died in the two crashes , the largest number of Americans killed in Afghanistan in a single day in more than four years , according to CNN records . In the other crash , four U.S. service members died when two helicopters apparently collided in the air in southern Afghanistan . Two other NATO service members were injured . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force ruled out enemy fire in the second crash .	"  Militants did not fire at the helicopter ... during the departure or crash , " Army says Monday copter crash killed seven U.S. service members , three U.S. civilians Crash was one of two on Monday ; enemy fire ruled out in other crash as well
Sorry , "  bae . " The noun -- a " term of endearment for one 's romantic partner " -- was shown no love by Oxford Dictionaries , which instead selected "  vape " as the 2014 word of the year . "  Vape " can be used as either a noun meaning "  an electronic cigarette or similar device " or a verb in which one would "  inhale and exhale the vapour produced by an electronic cigarette or similar device . " According to a press release from Oxford , research showed the use of the word "  vape " more than doubled in 2014 over the previous year . Couple that with the growth of electronic cigarettes into a multimillion dollar industry and the Oxford editors decided that the word 's time had come . "  A gap emerged in the lexicon , as a word was needed to describe this activity , and distinguish it from ` smoking ' , ' " the Oxford press release says . "  The word vape arose to fill this gap , and it has proliferated along with the habit . " Oxford 's lexicographers grapple every year with a list of potential winners . Last year , "  selfie " -- "  a photograph that one has taken of oneself , typically one taken with a smartphone or webcam and uploaded to a social media website " -- trumped "  bitcoin " and "  twerk " to take the honor . In addition to "  vape " and "  bae , " this year 's shortlist included : budtender , noun : A person whose job is to serve customers in a cannabis dispensary or shop contactless , adjective : Relating to or involving technologies that allow a smart card , mobile phone etc. to contact wirelessly to an electronic reader , typically in order to make a payment indyref , noun : The referendum on Scottish independence , held in Scotland on September 18 , 2014 , in which voters were asked to answer yes or no to the question "  Should Scotland be an independent country ? " normcore , noun : A trend in which ordinary , unfashionable clothing is worn as a deliberate fashion statement slacktivism , noun , informal : Actions performed via the Internet in support of a political or social cause but regarded as requiring little time or involvement , e.g. signing an online petition or joining a campaign group on a social media website	The word "  vape " grew in use over last year Oxford says it "  arose to fill " a gap The word beat out "  bae " and "  normcore "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- At 80 , Maya Angelou says her "  knees are not all that swift and my lungs need some extra help but other than that , my desire to learn and to share , that has not abated . " Maya Angelou urges politicians to "  aim for the high ground " in her new book , "  Letter to My Daughter . " She shares what she 's learned in an eventful life in her best-selling new book , "  Letter to My Daughter . " Angelou achieved fame for her autobiographical writing , including "  I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings " and her poetry . She read her poem "  On the Pulse of Morning " at President Clinton 's first inauguration . She was only the second poet invited to read at the swearing in of a new president . But her career has had many facets -- Angelou has been a singer , dancer , playwright , director and teacher . In 166 pages , "  Letter to My Daughter " distills stories from Angelou 's life into universal lessons . She writes about birth , life and death , about the ways people misunderstand each other and then transcend their conflict . She calls on national leaders to raise the country 's spirit and on Americans to remember that this is the nation that defeated the Nazis and expanded people 's freedom through the civil rights movement . "  Politicians must set their aims for the high ground and according to our various leanings , Democratic , Republican , Independent , we will follow , " she writes . "  Politicians must be told if they continue to sink into the mud of obscenity , they will proceed alone . " In an interview last week in her 1881 brownstone in Harlem , decorated in vibrant , bright colors , Angelou sat at the round table in her dining room , sipping coffee , as she talked about the election and her work . She supported Sen. Hillary Clinton 's bid for the Democratic nomination and then backed Sen. Barack Obama once the primaries were over . CNN : In the chapter called "  National Spirit , " you call on political leaders to raise the level of discussion . Could you elaborate on that ? Maya Angelou : What I 've encouraged voters to do is to vote for the person I am extolling , and also do n't expect that if your man or woman gets in , that all things will be rectified immediately . It 's taken us a long time to come to this place of weariness and almost hopelessness . So because Obama gets in or McCain gets in , it 's not going to be repaired overnight . The economy is not going to be repaired , the schools -- the disaster in our schools -- will not be repaired overnight . Nor will the social conversation be repaired overnight . However , I would encourage every voter to say to his or her candidate , go in and do it , and you will not do it alone . I will help . You have to get up off that sofa or off that couch and give something to the country -- even if it 's one hour every other week to an old people 's home -- I will read , go into the children 's ward and read , or give to your church or your synagogue or your mosque . ... Offer something to the country . So you do n't just sit there . CNN : What does it say about the country that Barack Obama is a candidate to be president ? Angelou : The country is growing up and confessing to something we 've known all along . What prevented us from admitting that we knew that ? And I was taken back to slavery . If you will have a person enslaved , the first thing you must do is convince yourself that the person is subhuman . The second thing you have to do is convince your allies so you 'll have some help , and the third and probably unkindest cut of all is to convince that person that he or she is subhuman and deserves it . Well , such a job has been done on all of us that people found it very difficult to admit that human beings are more alike than we are unalike . We 've known it . But to admit it , you have to stop saying because this guy speaks another language , because their eyes are shaped differently from mine , because they 're first-generation Americans from Eastern Europe , then they do n't count , I do n't have to consider them . With this , the country is finally able to see through complexion and see community . CNN : You 've known and worked with people like Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr. . Could you imagine what their reaction would be to this ? Angelou : I think everybody would be weeping tears of joy really . I think of my grandmother who raised me . She was a daughter of a former slave . She knew this was going to happen . You know that when I was young , I was physically abused and so I stopped talking . I thought that my voice had killed the criminal . ... The man had been found dead . Police said he had been beaten to death . So I knew , because I told -LSB- people -RSB- that he did it , that my voice could just go out and kill people . So after a few months , my mother 's people sent me and my brother back to this little village in Arkansas to my grandmother , my father 's mother who was raising me , and she used to braid my hair . My hair was huge and very curly , black . And my grandmother put her hand behind my neck and held it so she would n't break my neck by accident . And she would start to brush my hair and she would say , "  Sister , Mama do n't care what these people say about you , that you must be an idiot , you must be a moron because you ca n't talk . Mama know when you and the good Lord get ready , you 're going to teach all over this world . You 're going to be a mighty teacher . " I did n't speak for six years . She said that to me all the time , in this little village in Arkansas . -LSB- Now -RSB- I teach all over the world , I teach in French and Spanish , so when I stand up on a stage or see a book of mine gets accolades or a piece of music I 've written , I think about my Mama , and she died before I really came of age , and I just think she knew it . CNN : She was prophetic about you , but beyond that ? Angelou : Yes , -LSB- she believed -RSB- it will get better . And you have to continue to prepare yourself , continue to build yourself , continue to elevate yourself and be a benefit , be a blessing rather than a curse , and things will get better . And they have , so when I think of Dr. King and Malcolm , Fannie Lou Hamer , Medgar Evers , I also think of Chief Albert Luthuli , one of the first Africans to earn the Nobel Prize . I mean that after Chief Luthuli , apartheid was so rigid , unbreakable that men had to carry their IDs on plastic cards that were too large for any suit , so they flapped , reminding them constantly who they were . It was my blessing to meet Nelson Mandela before he went into prison and I 've seen him many times since . He knew this day would come , and to be able to stay in prison for 27 years , knowing that the day would come . CNN : What gave you the inspiration to call the book , "  Letter to My Daughter , " even though you do n't have a daughter ? -LSB- Angelou has a son , the writer Guy Johnson . -RSB- Angelou : There was an African-American poet , her name was Anne Spencer ; she wrote a poem called "  Letter to My Sister , " around the turn of the 20th Century . ... I started making notes to Oprah -LSB- Winfrey -RSB- about 20 years ago . She really became a daughter to me . So there were things I wanted to talk to her about ; I made notes , copious notes , and about a year and a half ago , I got out that box called WIP , works in progress , and I started going through two or three lines and I said , "  Hmmm , there 's an essay in here . " So it is a letter to all my daughters , to those who do n't know they are . It is my intent to say you may encounter many defeats , but you must not be defeated . You will be changed , events will change you , but you have to decide not to be reduced . CNN : Have you been in touch with Oprah lately about the election ? Angelou : I spoke to her about a week ago ... -LSB- During the primaries -RSB- , a newspaper reporter said this proves that Oprah Winfrey does n't listen to everything Maya Angelou says , because she was supporting Sen. Obama and I was supporting Sen. Clinton . And when I was asked by the reporter , "  What do you say to Oprah ? " my answer was , "  I say nothing , she 's a woman who thinks carefully and profoundly and she has courage . So she 's chosen the person she thinks would be the best person for our country . I do the same . " The primaries proved that Oprah had selected the one that most people wanted , so I went to Sen. Obama right after that . Hillary Clinton ... telephoned me and thanked me for my unwavering support , and then asked me to please put that same energy behind Mr. Obama . CNN : Another theme in the book is to believe in yourself , to have faith in yourself . Why is that important ? Angelou : You need to know that you can go somewhere . You 're not just like grass growing on the street . You 're like trees , you have roots , and they 've done wonderful things , and you need to know that , and by knowing that , you see how outfitted you are for these times . And that you really owe it to those who went before so that you can add to them for those who are yet to come . You need to know that you are in a continuum , and if you understand that , you realize that you are worthwhile . This continuum would be broken without me .	Maya Angelou : No matter who wins , do n't expect an overnight turnaround Angelou says politicians should raise the level of discussion She says voting is not enough , people need to volunteer to help others Angelou : You will encounter defeats , but do n't be defeated
CNN  -- Federal regulators are asking Graco Children 's Products why it is not including infant seats in a major recall of child car seats . The company last month voluntarily recalled 3.7 million child car seats after regulators said the red release button in the harness can become stuck , preventing quick removal of a child in an emergency . But Graco Children 's Products declined to recall an additional 1.77 million infant seats with the same problem , according to the government . On its web site , the company said it did not recall the rear-facing infant seats because there is a second way to release them . "  They are uniquely designed to detach from their base for quick release if needed , " the company said . On Thursday , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration demanded more information . NHTSA asked the company to explain its "  reasoning and rationale " for excluding the infant seats from the recall . On Friday , Graco said it would comply with the request for information . "  Our car seats comply with all NHTSA 's stringent performance standards and have withstood rigorous testing that far exceeds federal requirements , " the company said in a statement . "  Despite this , for any concerned parent or guardian , we will continue to offer a replacement harness buckle at no cost . " Graco 's recall included 3.7 million seats across 11 models manufactured between 2009 and 2013 . The models involved : Cozy Cline , Comfort Sport , Classic Ride 50 , My Ride 65 , My Ride with Safety Surround , My Ride 70 , Size 4 Me 70 , Smartseat , Nautilus , Nautilus Elite , and Argos 70 . But it declined the request to recall seven models that include rear-facing seats : Snugride , Snugride 30 , Snugride 32 , Infant Safe Seat-Step 1 , Snugride 35 , Tuetonia 35 , and Snugride Click Connect 40 .	Graco recalled 3.7 million child car seats last month voluntarily The problem involves a release button that can get stuck Graco said there was no need to recall infant seats ; that they have a second option Highway safety regulators asked Graco to explain its reasoning
New York  CNN  -- For Angel Rojas , the daily bus ride through the streets of Brooklyn provided a respite from a hardscrabble existence juggling two low-paying jobs . "  It was his time to relax , " his wife 's cousin , Josie Guerrero , said Saturday . "  His time to take the load off . He usually listened to music or talked on the phone . It was a few minutes of calmness . " That peace was shattered Thursday evening as Rojas shuttled between jobs , hoping to make a quick stop at home to see his wife and two children . It was his final bus trip . A young man boarded the bus , police said . In the rear , a 14-year-old boy police described as a member of a street gang called the Stack Money Goons allegedly spotted a member of a rival gang and pulled out a .357 - caliber revolver . Shots were fired , the bullets missing the intended target , police said . Rojas , 39 , was hit in the head and declared dead later at a hospital near where his bus trip began . "  Pretty big gun for a pretty small man , " Police Commissioner William Bratton said of the suspected gunman . On Friday , Kathon Anderson was charged with second-degree murder and criminal possession of a weapon , according to the Brooklyn district attorney 's office . He is to be tried as an adult . "  Just as everyone in New York probably feels terrible about it , we feel terrible about it too , " Anderson 's lawyer , Frederic Pratt , told reporters , according to CNN affiliate WCBS . "  I 'm just going to ask everyone not to rush to judgment . " Anderson allegedly belonged to Stack Money Goons and targeted a rival from another group known as TWAN Family , police said . "  The stupidity of those gangs that basically , over nothing , are trying to kill each other and , unfortunately , in the process , kill innocents as they did with this hard working young man trying to raise his family , " Bratton said . "  A life needlessly lost , taken by a 14-year-old who felt it necessary to carry a gun on a city bus and shoot it . " On Saturday , Rojas ' wife was raising money for a wake and to fly her husband 's body home to his native Dominican Republic . "  He was the sole provider , " Guerrero said . "  She never thought she would have to bury her husband and raise the children alone . " The couple has two children : a 12-year-old son , Saury , and 8-year-old daughter , April . "  Why he did that to my dad ? " Saury asked , according to WCBS . Guerrero said , "  He was just sitting on a bus . He had nothing to do with this . " Angel Rojas and his wife came to New York from the Dominican Republic about five years ago , Guerrero said . She held occasional part-time jobs ; he stocked shelves at two Brooklyn bodegas . "  He was a hard worker and a family man devoted to giving his family a better life , " Guerrero said . "  He was the funniest man you would ever meet . Everyone loved him . His laughter and his presence stayed with you . " Mother loses both children in same month New Testament stops bullets , saves man	Angel Rojas , 39 , was shot and killed while riding a bus between jobs , police say A 14-year-old boy is charged in the shooting Teen allegedly opened fire after spotting a rival gang member , police say Police commissioner : "  The stupidity of those gangs that basically , over nothing , are trying to kill each other "
CNN  -- If Republicans regain control of the Senate on Tuesday night , they will have good reason to gloat . They recruited much stronger , more sensible nominees this year -- no more candidates riding broomsticks or hurling insults at women . They also smartly accepted President Barack Obama 's implicit challenge to make his record their centerpiece . But when they wake up from their celebrations , top GOP strategists such as Karl Rove will surely warn them : "  Do n't over-read this election . Yes , it opens up great opportunities for the next two years , but it does not open a clear path to seizing the White House and Congress in 2016 . Beware the ` blue wall ! ' " Nobody has talked much about the blue wall in this year 's election cycle . No reason to . Looking ahead , however , it looms increasingly as one of the most important features of America 's new political terrain . It is certainly a huge boulder standing in the way of a full Republican resurgence in 2016 and giving protection to Democrats . The blue wall is a powerful phalanx of 18 states and the District of Columbia that have voted for the Democrats in every single presidential election for 20 years -- six straight . Some states have been in the Democratic column even longer . It 's not just the number of blue states but how huge an advantage they provide for the Democratic presidential nominee . Altogether , these 18 states plus the District of Columbia account for 242 electoral votes -- just 28 shy of the 270 magic total required to win the White House . If the wall holds firm , the Democratic nominee only has to win a handful of purple states to go over the top . Florida 's 29 electoral votes alone would seal the election . The Republicans have their own "  red wall , " and it actually includes more states : 21 plus a major chunk of Nebraska . They are the GOP bulwark , voting consistently for the Republican presidential nominee in each of the past four presidential elections . But they tend to have much smaller populations than the Democratic states so that they account for only 179 electoral votes -- 91 shy of 270 , leaving a huge hill to climb . John McCain -- a valiant candidate in 2008 -- won the red wall but nothing else . The blue wall states dominate New England  every state but New Hampshire  , the mid-Atlantic , the upper Midwest , and the far West  California , Oregon and Washington  . By contrast , the red wall runs through the South and up into the Plains and mountain areas . In this midterm cycle , the blue wall has proved so durable that no one has paid it much attention . Ten Senate seats are at stake in this blue territory , and Democrats look safe in nine of them ; the one Republican who will win is Susan Collins of Maine , popular in part because she works across the aisle . By contrast , all of the 13 Senate races that are in play this year are outside the blue wall -- some in purple , others in red states . Mitt Romney won 10 of them , and Obama 's approval ratings are in the low 40s or below in every one of them . In other words , this election has been extremely important for Republicans in the short term -- and for governing over the next two years -- but in significant ways , it is also an anomaly : a year when red and purple state Democrats who rode into office in 2008 on the coattails of a fresh , popular Obama became highly vulnerable for re-election when his coattails frayed . In 2016 , the tables will turn : It is the GOP that will have the more vulnerable Senate candidates in blue and purple states . If the Democrats field a strong presidential candidate , they could well retain the White House and win a majority in the Senate , too . Then there are the demographic differences between a midterm and presidential electorate : This year 's voters will be older and whiter than in 2016 , favoring the GOP in an era when partisan voting trends are more divided by age and race than ever . In 2016 , the pendulum swings back to the Democrats when their base -- younger , more racially diverse -- flocks to the polls .  Note : Republicans will continue to have a built-in advantage in House races until at least the next census in 2020 when new district lines will be drawn . None of this is written in stone , of course ; parties can redefine their futures if they come up with good ideas and good candidates . In Massachusetts , the bluest of the blue , the Republicans this year are likely to seize the governor 's office from Democrats because they have nominated a smart , winsome candidate , Charlie Baker , seen as better in creating jobs and economic growth . Republicans looking to 2016 can also take heart because voters often sour on parties that have had the same president in the White House for two terms . Indeed , a party keeping the White House after a two-term presidency has occurred only twice in the past century -- with Franklin D. Roosevelt and after Reagan . So , it is possible that these 2014 midterms will be a turning point for Republicans , opening a way back to control of both White House and Congress in 2016 . But to use a George W. Bushism : They should n't mis-underestimate how tough it will be . As they say : "  Beware the blue wall . "	David Gergen : Whatever happens Tuesday , GOP will face uphill battle in 2016 Democrats have advantage of a "  blue wall " of states with solid record in presidential races Democrats can win White House again if they hold blue wall and win Florida , Gergen says The political terrain for Republicans will be much tougher in 2016 , he says
CNN  -- Dan Wallrath was honored as a Top 10 CNN Hero last year for his efforts to build mortgage-free homes for U.S. troops wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan . He and his group , Operation Finally Home , recently partnered with the television show "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition " to build a house for Army Staff Sgt. Patrick Zeigler , who survived the 2009 shooting spree at Fort Hood , Texas . CNN Heroes producer Kathleen Toner recently spoke to Wallrath about the experience , which will air on ABC on Sunday night . Kathleen Toner : How was working with "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition " different from one of your typical builds ? Dan Wallrath : The biggest difference was just the magnitude of it . The first day when we had the Braveheart March , where volunteers and builders march in , that was very exciting -- getting things kicked off , just feeling the energy of all the volunteers and the folks . Video : Watch volunteers arrive at the build site And then this house was built in about 100 hours , where normally we take about six months . When you do it in a week , you see the impact of the whole community . We had so many volunteers . It was amazing how smooth everything went . Of course on our other projects , we get to interact with the family a lot more during the construction . So we missed that . But the good part about working with the show is that the family has this amazing week where everything changes . So it 's pretty exciting . Toner : Building a house in 100 hours sounds almost impossible . How did it really work ? Wallrath : There were probably 4,000 or 5,000 volunteers involved , and it was a 24-hour work site . They set up floodlights and worked ` round the clock . They had to talk to the neighbors and let them know it 's going to be going on 24/7 , but the community was all for it . What amazed me was that meant that people were volunteering at all hours . To volunteer from midnight until 4 , 5 o'clock in the morning -- when the cameras and the celebrities are not there -- that 's pretty special . I 'd built homes for 30 years and never seen anything like that . And we stayed ahead of schedule . I was impressed . They said that if we did n't exceed the record  for their shortest build time  , we came real close . Toner : What was the moment like when the family saw the home for the first time ? Did you really say the show 's signature line ? Wallrath :  laughs  We really did say , "  Move that bus ! " It was special . There were so many people there that day who 'd helped out . It was very exciting to see the look on the faces of the young couple . It 's the same look I 've seen so many times when we 've given away homes before -- when the young man realizes that no matter what happens to them , his family is going to be taken care of . For him , going through everything he has , to see that burden being lifted off him , it was such a joy . Toner : I hear you have plans for the empty lot next door to that home ? Wallrath : We had such a good response from the community  Salado , Texas , about 30 minutes from Fort Hood  , so we felt like it was the right place to put another family . We spoke to the developer that we worked with , and he gave us that lot at a very discounted price . And we 've found a great couple that 's going to be in this house : another wounded veteran . It 'll just be great for them to have another veteran nearby . You and I ca n't relate to what they went through , but all of the guys tell me that when they have tough times , there 's no substitute for talking to someone who 's been through the same thing . Toner : And you 've established a fund where people can donate to help others wounded in the Fort Hood attack . Wallrath : We 're going to reach out to the other families that are all over the United States now . We 're not going to be able to build homes for every one of them . But if they need wheelchair ramps , doors widened , a room added on -- that 's the kind of thing that , as homebuilders , we 're going to be able to do . It 's so exciting to be part of it , because now all these families are not going to be forgotten . America 's going to step up , and we 're going to be able to help them . Read the full update on CNN Hero Dan Wallrath : Support , donations pour in for Hero homebuilder	CNN Hero Dan Wallrath will be featured Sunday on "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition " Wallrath said thousands of volunteers pitched in to help him build a home in Texas The home is for an Army soldier who was injured in the 2009 Fort Hood shootings Wallrath : "  These families are not going to be forgotten "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Democratic California Gov. Jerry Brown said Thursday he had signed a bill that will require public schools in the state to teach students about the contributions of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender Americans . The bill , believed to be the first of its kind in the nation , will also require teachers to provide instruction on the role of people with disabilities . "  History should be honest , " Brown said in a statement . "  This bill revises existing laws that prohibit discrimination in education and ensures that the important contributions of Americans from all backgrounds and walks of life are included in our history books . It represents an important step forward for our state , and I thank Senator Leno for his hard work on this historic legislation . " The governor was referring to the bill 's author , Sen. Mark Leno , a San Francisco Democrat . California law already requires state schools to teach about the contributions of Native Americans , African-Americans , Mexican-Americans , and Asian-Americans , among other groups . "  Today we are making history in California by ensuring that our textbooks and instructional materials no longer exclude the contributions of LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  Americans , " Sen. Leno said in a statement . Separately , he said the bill is thought to be the first of its kind in the nation . It will take effect in January , however , state textbooks are not likely to be updated until 2015 , he said . Leno 's office cited research that shows students who learn about LGBT people are more likely to report their schools are inclusive and fair . The bill , which passed the state legislature this month and the senate in April , according to the senator 's office , is not without controversy . It has drawn criticism from some religious and conservative groups , like the Traditional Values Coalition , a lobby organization that says it speaks on behalf of more than 43,000 churches . "  It is an outrage that Governor Jerry Brown has opened the classroom door for homosexual activists to indoctrinate the minds of California 's youth , since no factual materials would be allowed to be presented , " Rev. Louis Sheldon , chairman and founder of the Traditional Values Coalition , said in a statement . "  If parents do n't already have their children out of public schools , this should cause them to remove them , " he said .	The bill is believed to be the first of its kind in the nation It will also require teachers to instruct on the role of people with disabilities "  History should be honest , " Gov. Brown said in a statement
CNN  -- Scott Jamieson knows all about struggling in golf 's lower echelons , but the Scotsman has been living the dream in the past month . He won his first European Tour event at the rain-shortened Nelson Mandela Championship in December , earning a place at another South African tournament -- this week 's Volvo Golf Champions . The 29-year-old will take a five-shot lead into Sunday 's final round at Durban Country Club , knowing that even greater opportunities await if he can hold off the likes of major champions Louis Oosthuizen , Padraig Harrington , Paul Lawrie and Ernie Els . Another victory will earn him a place at next month 's Accenture Match Play in Arizona , which would be his debut appearance in a World Golf Championships event . Having started this week at a career-high 100th in the world rankings , it would also push him closer to the top 50 and his first outing at the Masters in Augusta in April . It 's a far cry from his early days as a professional , slogging around minor circuits before finally making the step up to the European Tour in 2011 , making the top 60 on the money list in his first two seasons . "  I was just in the abyss , so I guess slumming around in the lower leagues helps build your character , " said Jamieson , who was an amateur at Augusta State University before turning pro in 2006 . "  I was fortunate to keep playing when money was not necessarily being chucked at me . " On Saturday he carded a four-under-par 68 to move clear of 2010 British Open champion Louis Ooosthuizen  74  , Thailand 's Thongchai Jaidee  73  and France 's world No. 187 Julian Quesne  67  . "  It was another great day . I did n't play as well as I did the first two days , especially tee-to-green , but managed to score well and that 's the main thing , " Jamieson said . Read : Colsaerts ' driving length stuns rivals That chasing trio ended the day tied for second on 10-under 206 , two shots clear of three-time major winner Harrington  67  and Ryder Cup winner Francesco Molinari  68  . Jamieson 's compatriot Lawrie , the 1999 British Open winner , was tied for seventh on 209 with Ireland 's Shane Lowry and Englishman Danny Willett after all carded 70 . Els , the current holder of the coveted Claret Jug , was tied for 11th on 211 in a group also including defending champion and fellow South African Branden Grace . Meanwhile , rookie Russel Henley took a two-shot lead at the halfway stage of the PGA Tour 's Sony Open in Hawaii . The 23-year-old shot his second successive seven-under 63 on Friday to move ahead of fellow Americans Scott Langley  66  and Scott Piercy  64  at the $ 5.6 million tournament in Honolulu . Henley 's playing partner Langley , also making his debut on the U.S. circuit , had led after a first-round 62 . Dustin Johnson , who won the wind-hit season-opening Tournament of Champions at Kapalua on Tuesday , pulled out after nine holes of his second round due to illness .	Scottish golfer Scott Jamieson leads Volvo Golf Champions tournament by five shots His second European Tour win would give him a debut at World Golf Championships event Former British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen tied for second at Fancourt Fellow major winners Padraig Harrington , Paul Lawrie and Ernie Els also in contention
CNN  -- Radamel Falcao scored a first-half hat-trick as Atletico Madrid thrashed Chelsea 4-1 in the European Super Cup in Monaco on Friday . Falcao opened his account in the sixth minute with a clever chip over goalkeeper Petr Cech before guiding a left-foot shot into the top-left corner to make it 2-0 with just 19 minutes on the clock . The Colombian striker scored his third in the dying moments of the first half smashing the ball past a helpless Cech to finish off a counter-attack to all but end the English club 's interest in the tie . Any hopes of a comeback were snuffed out 15 minutes after the restart when Miranda expertly put away a fourth . Champion 's League winners , Chelsea were second best all night against Europa League victors Atletico , but they did manage a consolation goal 16 minutes before the final whistle when defender Gary Cahill fired home . "  We 've got a lot to learn , we 've got to get a lot better . It 's a shame we were not able to be as competitive in a European final , " Chelsea coach , Roberto di Matteo said . "  It was a bad defeat , but we 'll bounce back , " he added .	Colombian striker steals the show with a first-half hat-trick in European Super Cup Champion 's League winners , Chelsea outclassed by Spanish Europa League winners Chelsea boss , Roberto di Matteo says his team will "  bounce back "
CNN  -- When strangers hear Peter Jefferson 's voice , they ca n't quite place it at first , and then it hits them : "  I know you . You 've been sending me to sleep for years . " For anyone else it would be the greatest insult . For 68-year-old Jefferson , it 's a testament to the very special connection people have with his mellifluous tone , even rhythm , and measured volume . It 's a voice pharmaceutical companies could only dream of bottling . Why the sleepy fanfare ? For over 40 years Jefferson was the man behind one of Britain 's most cherished -- and baffling -- radio bulletins : the shipping forecast . Those living outside the United Kingdom may never have heard of this broadcasting curio , but sit tight . Snuggle under the covers , grab a mug of something warm , and prepare to be gently rocked by an ocean far far away . And if you still do n't get it , do n't worry too much . Neither do half the people who listen to it -- that 's its magic . "  And now , the shipping forecast ... " When London rolled back the curtains for its Olympic opening ceremony last year , it took the world on a meandering journey through industrial folk songs , Beatles anthems , Mr Bean 's piano-playing , and of course -- the shipping forecast . "  Viking , North Utsire , South Utsire , southerly or south easterly , six or seven . Fair , good ... " What is it ? A sat-nav gone bonkers ? No , it 's the weather conditions of 31 ocean regions around the United Kingdom , broadcast four times a day on BBC radio . First aired in 1924 , the forecast has become both a life-saving bulletin for mariners , and a hypnotic litany of nonsensical seafaring phrases for the rest of us . "  People listen to it late at night , tucked up in bed , perhaps at the end of a long day , " said Jefferson , who read the forecast from 1969 to 2010 . "  It 's been likened to poetry , to a prayer , it contains a lot of familiar phrases , words and names and places -- it 's very comforting . " Mysterious muse Long before the 2012 Games , generations of artists have immortalized this mysterious muse of the air waves . Nobel Prize-winning poet Seamus Heaney , who passed away in August , dedicated a sonnet to the baffling bulletin : "  Conjured by that strong gale-warning voice , Collapse into a sibilant penumbra . " While English TV personality Stephen Fry had his own tongue-in-cheek rendition : "  Blowy , quite misty , sea sickness . Not many fish around , come home , veering suggestively . " Listen to Stephen Fry 's rendition here For such a treasured part of British culture , perhaps the greatest joy comes from not understanding the shipping forecast at all -- three minutes to let the mind wander among monotonous tones , far flung places , and random numbers . Avid listener Peter Collyer was so intrigued by these faceless places , he traveled to all 31 regions and painted what he saw -- often on the deck of a lurching ferry . "  Everybody knows the names of these places but no one knows what it looks like , " said 60-year-old Collyer , whose hazy watercolors appear in the book "  Rain Later , Good : Painting the Shipping Forecast . " "  It 's just a mesmerizing list of places and names . So I wanted to be the person to go out there and de-mystify it for them . " Radio reigns In an era when weather forecasts are only a Google-search away , why do people still tune into this old-fashioned bulletin , arguably the modern equivalent of the Sirens ? Indeed , the forecast has changed little in the last eight decades , following a strict format of 350 words -- sometimes giving it a jumbled sound to the untrained ear . "  It 's the rhythm of it , " said Jefferson , author of the book "  And now the shipping forecast . " "  It 's the magic of hearing about places you 'll probably never go to . " "  A lot of people say it feels as though the shipping forecast is speaking to them , and them alone . " The last and slightly longer announcement at 12.48 am has become renowned for putting night owls to bed , with Jefferson receiving letters from listeners thanking him for his soothing words on restless nights . Life saver That 's not to say the shipping forecast does n't have an important seafaring function . "  It all came about because a while back there was such a horrendous loss of life at sea , " said Jefferson . "  People had no idea what the weather was going to be like when they went out on the water . "  The shipping forecast was brought in , and has saved a lot of people 's lives . " For others , it 's a different life-saver , transporting them each night to a watery world on the edge of imagination .	Ca n't sleep ? Never fear , the shipping forecast is here For almost 90 years , BBC radio 's weather forecast has entranced listeners Aired four times a day , the bulletin has been immortalized by artists Life-saver for mariners , helped reduce deaths at sea
CNN  -- The numbers tell the story : Of the 308 million-plus citizens in the United States , 30 % have passports . That 's just too low for such an affluent country , said Bruce Bommarito , executive vice president and chief operating officer for the U.S. Travel Association . "  Americans are comfortable in their own environment , " Bommarito said . There were 61.5 million trips outside the United States in 2009 , down 3 % from 2008 , according to the Office of Travel and Tourism Industries . About 50 % of those trips were to either Mexico or Canada , destinations that did n't require a passport until 2007 . The percentage of Americans with passports -- a number that was in the teens just a few years ago -- has spiked since the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative was adopted . It requires American and Canadian travelers to present documents showing citizenship when entering the United States . Despite the climbing number of American passports in circulation , 30 % is still low compared to Canada 's 60 % and the United Kingdom 's 75 % . "  Not taking the leap is comforting , because this is the American life , " said Matthew Kepnes , international traveler and creator of NomadicMatt.com , a blog chronicling his travels and observations . "  Breaking outside anything that is your norm is scary . " Tourism experts and avid travelers attribute Americans ' lack of interest in international travel to a few key factors , including : the United States ' own rich cultural and geographic diversity , an American skepticism and/or ignorance about international destinations , a work culture that prevents Americans from taking long vacations abroad and the prohibitive cost and logistics of going overseas . Cultural and geographical diversity America has it all : "  From the mountains , to the prairies , to the oceans , white with foam , " as "  God Bless America " proclaims . Beautiful beaches in Florida , crisp skiing in Colorado and the desert sun in Arizona are among thousands of domestic destinations competing to lure visitors . "  In the United States , we have an enormous amount of places we can travel -- basically an entire continent , " said everything-everywhere . com author Gary Arndt , who has been traveling abroad and blogging since 2007 . "  You can do all kinds of things without needing a passport . " Arndt , who was in Los Angeles when interviewed by CNN , noted that he could go to any number of different ethnic enclaves within the city and get a taste of culture without spending much money or time . The same goes for many other parts of the country . "  There are pockets of regional culture -- the South has an attitude that New Yorker 's do n't have , " Kepnes said . "  But you do n't have the cultural differences that you would get if you went to Asia , Paris or London . " Even with Chinatown in Los Angeles and Little Italy in New York City , it 's just not the same as walking the streets of Beijing or riding a gondola in Venice . "  America is an outstanding country and an outstanding vacation destination -- no doubt about that , " said Joe Byrne , executive vice president for Tourism Ireland . "  But it is America . I 'm sure you have great Irish traditional music in an American Irish pub , but you do n't have the Lakes of Killarney . " Skepticism and ignorance We buy goods from Sri Lanka and outsource business to India , but when it comes to traveling to these destinations , Americans would rather stick close to home . "  Our culture does n't emphasize knowledge of the world , " Kepnes said . "  We 're more skeptical of it because we just do n't know about it . " Kepnes attributes some of our skepticism to negative media reports about the world . For example , he said that Nicaragua always draws negative connotations because of the political and civil unrest that has been covered in the news . "  When I first left I was very nervous and scared , " Kepnes said of traveling to countries like Nicaragua . "  What if I 'm mugged in Thailand or kidnapped in a hostel ? " Arndt has encountered similar feelings when he travels to lesser-known destinations . Though he is comfortable in his travels , others are n't so convinced . "  Every time I say I 'm going somewhere , people assume that it 's dirty , they do n't have good hospitals , you 're going to get sick or raped or robbed , " Arndt said . "  If you know something about Colombia , it 's drug lords , which has n't been a problem for 20 years , but that 's still what people think of . " Arndt pointed out that foreign countries generally do n't make it into the media for doing good things , just for natural disasters or bad news . "  I think there 's a lot of fears that people have that may be used to justify the fact that they do n't go somewhere , " he said . Work culture Many Americans follow the same pattern : work hard in high school , go to college , accrue a load of debt and get a job right away to work it off , Arndt said . The United States does n't promote taking a year off between major life phases like New Zealand or the United Kingdom . "  Up until recently , having a gap year was a job killer , so you chose work , " Kepnes said . "  And that work , work , work mentality makes it much harder to leave . " A one-year break in your resume could make an American employer question your commitment to a company , whereas not taking a gap year in New Zealand would be considered crazy , Kepnes said . "  We 're not a travel culture , " he said . "  Countries are travel cultures when they put more of an emphasis on leisure time , and Americans tend to choose money over leisure time . " Even those who do receive a nice chunk of vacation time do n't use it all , and those who do seem to take shorter , more frequent trips , Arndt said . "  There are some differences in terms of vacation time that are hugely influential , " Byrne said . Workers in mainland Europe receive between six and eight weeks of vacation , while Americans average about 16.6 paid vacation days as of 2005 , according to the Families and Work Institute . Thirty-six percent of those surveyed did n't plan to use their full vacation . "  It 's not just about how much vacation time people get , " Arndt said . "  Americans do n't even use all the vacation time that they have . " Cost and logistics When trying to entice Americans to visit Ireland , Byrne said the first thing he does is remind people that it 's more affordable than they think . "  That 's generally true of vacations to Europe , " Byrne said . "  The exchange rate is more favorable for Americans than it has been in recent years . " The 30.3 million Americans who traveled overseas for vacation in 2009 spent an average of $ 2,708 each -- including airfare , lodging and other expenditures , according to the Office of Travel and Tourism Industries . It seems that getting there is about half the battle : Average airfare per person was $ 1,177 . Also , as Kepnes pointed out , time is money for some Americans . "  It 's an easier hop if you 're in Paris or Madrid , or any other European city , " Byrne said . "  Whereas the flights from the East Coast of the United States take up to six hours . " The United States is so big that a flight from one state to another could take just as much time as a flight to Europe . At any rate , Americans are more likely to do the former . "  We 're a big country , and we have a culture of traveling within the United States , " Bommarito said . "  When you 're born and raised in a European or South Asian country , your access to other countries is much easier . " Arndt does n't see this changing any time soon , if at all . "  Cultural shifts like that are not something that happens quickly , " he said . A swing toward international travel is going to take time . Still , Kepnes said he believes that more Americans going abroad will become inevitable sooner or later . "  Americans are going to have to speak more languages and be more culturally savvy , " Kepnes said . "  We have to change because we have to do business with all these other cultures . " That 's music to Bommarito 's ears . After being nervous the first time he landed in China , he said he now feels just as comfortable on the streets of Beijing as he does anywhere in the United States . "  One of the true benefits of travel to foreign countries is it 's probably the greatest form of diplomacy , " Bommarito said . "  Strange ideas go away and you realize that we 're all similar , just with different cultures . "	30 % of American citizens have passports 50 % of international trips were to either Mexico or Canada America is culturally and geographically diverse , making citizens travel within the country United States citizens harbor an unmatched fear of the world , one traveler says
Gannett  -- In need of a spring fling ? Two new but very different video game releases this week should help . Shown for the first time back in 2005 , Microsoft Game Studios ' oft-delayed "  Alan Wake " has finally been released . This supernatural adventure is worth the wait , though , and offers plenty of action , atmosphere and creative story-telling . "  Skate 3 , " on the other hand , challenges you to pull off slick tricks , take on team-based challenges and run your own skateboarding business . "  Skate 3 " is arguably the best in the series yet , though it 's more evolutionary than revolutionary . Here 's a closer look . "  Alan Wake " 3 1/2 stars out of 4  Xbox 360 ; rated Teen ; $ 59.99 ; alanwake.com "  Alan Wake " is a strange single-player adventure about a bestselling author in the middle of a dry spell . To overcome his writer 's block , Alan 's wife , Alice , brings him to a small northwestern town called Bright Falls , but Alice soon disappears . After awakening from a blackout , Wake discovers an account of what happened that he ca n't remember writing -- until he starts finding sheets strewn throughout the town that fill in some blanks but foreshadow impending danger . In this game played from a third-person perspective , Wake talks with many residents to gather clues , explores this once-idyllic town and battles supernatural foes  collectively called "  The Taken "  using light as a common element in all the weapons and tools to help ward off what lurks in the darkness . There is some puzzle-solving , too , but most of the game focuses on character interaction , exploration and combat . Gamers who prefer story-driven adventures , such as Sony 's "  Heavy Rain " or EA 's "  Mass Effect 2 " should appreciate "  Alan Wake " as an interactive suspense novel with supernatural undertones . "  Skate 3 " 3 stars out of 4  PlayStation 3 ; Xbox 360 ; rated Teen ; $ 59.99 ; skate.ea.com It 's only been a year since Electronic Arts rolled out "  Skate 2 , " a game that proved the publisher was serious about competing against Activision 's "  Tony Hawk " series . "  Skate 3 " improves on 2009 's offering with a new city , extra tricks and deeper online play , but it 's not radically different than its predecessor . Therefore , those who own "  Skate 2 " might want to test out the new game first to decide whether it 's worth the $ 60 price tag . "  Skate 3 " focuses heavily on cooperative play , including team-based challenges in the fictitious city of Port Carverton . The goal of the meaty career mode is to start your own business and become the hottest skateboarding brand around . Your online buddies can join your crew to help take on various challenges , which include amassing a high score by pulling off midair tricks , achieving the longest jump , racing against others or taking part in photo shoots . Also , back again is the fun Hall of Meat mode that rewards you for over-the-top spills . If you need more people for team-based events , and your friends are n't online , computer-controlled skaters can fill in . Improved "  Flickit " controls place a heavy emphasis on the controller 's dual analog sticks  to control your skater and board  and trigger buttons  for grabs and grinds  . The new park creator is easier to use compared with last year 's tool , and again allows you to create the ultimate skate park from scratch .	"  Skate 3 " is arguably the best in the series with extra tricks and deeper online play "  Alan Wake " is a strange single-player adventure about a bestselling author Gamers who prefer story-driven adventures will appreciate it as an interactive suspense novel
CNN  -- He provided the sense of dread to Martin Sheen 's journey upriver in "  Apocalypse Now , " but for musician and "  soundscape ecologist " Bernie Krause the authentic sound of the wild can be more disturbing than any synthesized film score . "  I 'm not a very religious person but the living world is speaking to us in very profound ways and it 's telling us we 'd better pay some attention , " he said , speaking from his home in California . For 44 years Krause has traveled across the globe recording the sounds of the natural world and has amassed an archive of more the 4,500 hours and over 15,000 individual creatures . But perhaps the most remarkable part of Krause 's back catalog of nature 's orchestra is that that around 50 % comes from now silent or extinct habitats . "  I believe that we 're in danger of losing this important part of our lives very quickly , " he said . Crouching in a pitch-black jungle while a jaguar growls nearby or recording the sound of ants "  singing " is a long way from Krause 's early career as a musician . Part of the 1960s folk quartet "  The Weavers , " he then became one of the first musicians to use a Moog and experiment with synthesizers . It was when recording natural sound with his musical partner Paul Beaver for 1970 album "  In a Wild Sanctuary " that he had his acoustic epiphany . "  My parents hated nature , they considered a bonefish dangerous . We had no animals in the house when I was growing up and I really missed that . Going out in the field  to record ` In a Wild Sanctuary '  I realized at 30 years old how much I had missed , " he said . "  I decided right then and there it would be a life-changing event . Little by little I spent more time in the field recording . " While continuing other work , including writing books and the film scores for "  Rosemary 's Baby , " "  Performance , " and Francis Ford Coppola 's Vietnam War epic , Krause ventured into pristine landscapes across the world . Yet it was not until a 1983 trip to Kenya that he developed a theory to match his endeavors . "  I discovered that the voices coming from only animals was very much like music . I realized that when all of these critter found these niches , a bandwidth so that all their voices can be heard -- just like instruments in an orchestra -- that a habitat was healthy , " he said . 100 most endangered animals named in report This "  biophony , " as Krause calls it , can be studied as a marker of an eco-system 's health . While some in the scientific community remain skeptical of Krause 's ideas , they have been adopted by university courses in the U.S. , and aided the study of ecology . Now in his 70s , Krause is resolved to keep up his field work , if need be by capturing soundscapes with digital recorders tucked into his pockets or tiny mics attached to his shoulders to avoid arousing unwanted attention . From noises that inspire primal fear to fascination , what he hears never fails to surprise and intrigue him . "  The most remarkable thing is the smaller critters , like sea anemones making noise , even viruses have a sound . Every living organism creates an acoustic signature that makes it unique and special , " he said . "  A coral reef that is alive has many different sounds , each fish species has their own signature , some gnaw on coral , others make noise with their swim bladders . A living reef is filled with all kinds of racket going on , whereas a reef under stress , dying or dead has almost no sound apart from the lapping of the waves above . " Pacific nations create largest marine park This quieting of nature is not only alarming for the natural world but unhealthy for humans , too , believes Krause . "  The  loss of forests  on people  who live there  is profound . There 's an element of stress that has been introduced into their lives , because they can no longer hear the voices that are narrative of place , part of their spiritual and cultural roots . When these place disappear it 's like they lose part of their home . "  The further we  as the human race  grow away from the natural world , the quieter the natural world becomes and the more pathological we become as a culture . "	Krause has recorded more than 4,500 hours of the sounds of the natural world More than 50 % of his archive comes from places that no longer exist in the same form Coined the term ` biophony ' for the organized musical soundscapes of nature
Washington  CNN  -- Undercover government investigators were able to get into major U.S. seaports -- at one point driving a vehicle containing a simulated explosive -- by flashing counterfeit or fraudulently obtained port "  credentials " to security officials -- raising serious questions about a program that has issued the cards to more than 1.6 million people , Congress disclosed Tuesday . At issue are Transportation Worker Identification Credentials , or TWIC cards , now needed by truckers , stevedores , longshoreman and others for unescorted access to the nation 's ports . The Department of Homeland Security has long touted the cards as one of the most important layers in its multilayered system to protect ports from terrorists . But , in a highly critical report , the Government Accountability Office said Tuesday the program does not provide reasonable assurance that only qualified people get the credentials . In tests , GAO investigators got into ports using counterfeit TWICs or authentic TWICs acquired through fraudulent means , and by stating false reasons for needing access . "  This investigation raises a disturbing question : Are America 's ports actually safer now than they were a decade ago ? " said Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey . "  Not only were they able to access the port facilities , but they were able to drive a vehicle with a simulated explosive into a secure area , " he said . An unclassified version of the report did not state how many tests were conducted , nor how many efforts were successful . But it said the tests were conducted at some of the nation 's busiest seaports . The findings are significant because a TWIC card suggests that its holder is not a security threat and potentially eases access to thousands of facilities , including airports and military installations , the GAO said . Transportation Security Administrator John Pistole defended the TWIC system , saying 35,000 of the 1.8 million applicants failed criminal background checks . Under the program , those who fail background checks can request a waiver and be granted a TWIC . Ultimately , 1,158 applicants were denied cards because of their criminal histories or immigration status , the TSA said . In addition , several were disqualified because they were on terror watch lists . But the GAO said there are ways for unqualified individuals to acquire authentic TWICs , and said the TSA had not established internal controls to protect against abuse . Further , the TWIC program does not require that applicants claiming to be U.S.-born citizens or nationals to provide identity documents that prove citizenship , the GAO said . And controls are not in place to determine whether an applicant needs a TWIC , the GAO said . "  It seems to me that a decade of work has resulted in a system that would put Rube Goldberg to shame , " said Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi . Said Lautenberg : "  Given the critical importance of our ports , it is unacceptable that we are spending hundreds of millions of tax dollars on a program that might actually be making ports less safe . " Rep. John Mica , R-Florida , said he is upset DHS has not approved a technology to read the credentials , meaning guards must visually examine the credentials . "  TWIC is turning into a dangerous and expensive experiment in security , " he said in a statement . "  Nearly half a billion dollars has been spent since TSA was directed to issue biometric security cards to transportation workers , " Mica said . "  Yet today , 10 years later and with no approved biometric reader , TWICs are at best no more useful than library cards . " Sen. John Rockefeller , D-West Virginia , said he plans to address legislation in the coming months for some of the shortcomings exposed by the GAO . "  The program needs stronger fraud controls , " he said . "  We also need to take a clear , hard look at whether we are getting enough return on our investment . Is the money we 're spending on TWIC being used wisely ? Are there other security programs that would cost less but work as well as TWIC ? These are questions we need answers to . "	Transportation security at risk , report says Worker IDs easily faked , GAO finds Plus unqualified people can get real credentials , report says
CNN  -- Russian scientists briefly pierced the two-mile-thick veil over a freshwater lake hidden beneath Antarctica 's ice sheet for millions of years , polar researchers announced Wednesday . Scientists hope samples of Lake Vostok , a body the size of Lake Ontario , will yield signs of previously undiscovered life and new clues about the history of the planet . The lake is believed to have been covered by ice for up to 30 million years . Russian researchers completed the drilling effort Sunday , reaching the lake at a depth of 3,769 meters  2.3 miles  into the ice , the St. Petersburg-based Arctic and Antarctic Research Institute reported . When the ice above the lake was breached , lake water was sucked up into the bore and froze , the Russians said . That will allow researchers to take samples back to the surface without contaminating the lake below , they said . Columbia University geophysicist Robin Bell said the Antarctic ice sheet has covered the lake for an estimated 15 million to 30 million years . The Russians have been trying to reach Lake Vostok for more than a decade , and the institute said Russian Natural Resources and Ecology Minister Yuri Trutnev was on hand for the final steps . "  They consider it the equivalent of getting to the moon , " Bell told CNN . The lake 's existence was confirmed in 1996 . Earlier drilling by scientists from multiple nations produced ice cores that contain trapped atmospheric gases , which scientists have used to measure changes in the concentration of carbon dioxide over time . Bell said former Vice President Al Gore cited Vostok ice cores in the 2006 documentary "  An Inconvenient Truth , " about the threat of global climate change . And peering into the long-hidden waters could give scientists a glimpse of primordial life forms never before catalogued . "  Every place we 've looked on Earth , we 've come up with life , " Bell said . "  So it would be kind of surprising if we did n't find life there . " The earlier drillings stopped short of the lake , in part because scientists were n't confident about getting to the water without contaminating it . University of Hawaii oceanography professor David M. Karl said areas of those cores that were near the lake -- accreted ice , or ice derived from the lake itself -- contained a few viable bacteria that became active under incubation . "  There were a very few microorganisms , but in fact there were microorganisms , " said Karl , who found them in a half-meter sample of the accreted ice in the late 1990s . He said that could mean viable microorganisms exist in the lake . It 's also possible nothing is alive there , in part because no sunlight gets to the lake through ice that thick . But fossil microorganisms may be found , and microorganisms could be living off other sources of energy , such as geothermal , he said . "  There also could be living microorganism living off of previously stored energy from sediments , " Karl said . Bell said that to reach the water , the Russians drilled to within about 10 meters  33 feet  of the bottom of the ice , then withdrew the drill bit and used a heat probe to bore the rest of the way . The effort was designed so that when the ice sheet was breached , lake water was drawn upward a short distance . That water quickly froze , closing off the lake and allowing scientists to take samples without introducing any contaminants , Bell said . "  The international community has tried to work collaboratively to try to make sure things are done as safely as possible , and it 's in the Russians ' interests to do it right , " she said .	NEW : Scientists hope samples will yield previously undiscovered life , clues of planet 's history Russia says its scientists have reached the lake under 2 miles of ice The lake has been buried beneath a thick sheet of ice for millions of years
CNN  -- "  I just love it when I get milk-to-dark converts , " says Kerrin Rousset , as she prepares to lead a small cocoa-hungry crowd through the narrow streets of Zurich 's Old Town . Rousset , who makes a living leading people to the city 's finest chocolates , need n't worry too much -- we 're already lost to the dark side . We 've joined her on a sunny afternoon in Paradeplatz , outside the flagship shop of Sprungli , a high-quality chocolate maker known for its delicate Luxemburgerli bite-sized almond meringues . We 're here because , although in Zurich you 're never more than a praline 's throw from an artisanal chocolatier  not that any sane person would throw away a perfectly good praline  , it 's surprisingly tricky to locate truly excellent chocolate . It 's a task for a local connoisseur who 's already cracked the cocoa code . Rousset is a New Yorker with bright eyes , an unbelievably slim figure and a constant smile fueled by chocolate . She 's also the founder of the Sweet Zurich tour . A resident of Zurich for the past six years , Rousset shares her knowledge and passion about the small shops during tours she 's been running since 2011 . Outside Sprungli , Rousset steers us away from what we thought would be our first chocolate hit . "  You should definitely visit Sprungli while you are here , " she says . "  The place is always lively , but it 's not included in our tour as we will focus on the more hidden , artisanal shops that would be harder to discover on your own . " We follow obediently . A few minutes later , we 're on a lively pedestrian street in the Old Town , sampling the wares in Honold , a family-owned confectionery and chocolate shop founded in 1905 . Unexpected ingredients I 'm instantly hooked on Lotti 's Best -- one of Rousset 's suggestions -- a crumbly nougat feuilletine with tonka bean and a pinch of fleur de sel , covered with Criollo de Venezuela 65 % and milk chocolate . Naturally , it 's easier , and much more fun , to taste than to describe . During our next stops , we taste a variety of chocolate creations , often mixed with unexpected ingredients , such as lemongrass or galangal , that test our taste buds and preconceptions . "  The secret lies in the balance : if you find the correct one , then the combination simply works , " Rousset says . Cupcakes are included in today 's menu and we happily try the moist , light cakes with cream cheese toppings  a refreshing alternative to usual butter cream  and playful names such as Marilyn Monroe and Kokos Chanel . Between choc stops , we pause at some of the city 's numerous fountains to cleanse our palates . With church bells in the background , we discuss all things chocolate , such as cocoa bean origins and cocoa percentages . We learn that , as with wines , it 's important to know where the beans originate from , because their "  terroir " significantly determines chocolate flavor . It transpires the cocoa percentage figure given on many chocolate bars merely indicates darkness and sugar content and is no reflection of quality . As well as feeding our chocolate-buzzed minds with facts about the world of cocoa , Rousset also tells us how she began leading tours of Zurich 's sweet spots . Becoming a chocolate tour guide "  When friends and family would come to visit , I would take them to my favorite sweet shops , " she says . "  Of course we would go to Sprungli , a Zurich institution , but it was fun to go to the small local shops where the owners had become friends , where we would chat and taste lots , too . " While answering questions about Swiss confectionery on her blog , she realized that many of her friends who were either from Zurich or living there for years , did n't know about her favorite chocolate shops . That 's when she decided to do something about it . Our sugary tour concludes in Conditorei Schober-Peclard , a legendary coffee house that 's been successfully transformed into a pastry heaven . Owned by gastronome Michel Peclard , it 's housed in an impressive 14th-century building with a lavish interior and photogenic ornamental cash register . The star here is the hot chocolate , which we taste in its cold edition , but there 's an abundance of homemade pastries , cakes , ice creams and savory items . While we 're recounting our favorite tastings from the evening , the manager invites us to taste his latest discovery , a surprisingly refreshing cold brew of coffee mixed with tonic water . Another great taste from the dark side . Tasting instructions We ask Rousset to share her expertise on the art of proper chocolate tasting . "  Use all your senses to recognize and appreciate a good quality chocolate bar ; look for a nice sheen , not too glossy nor dull , " she says . "  Sound : Break off a piece and you should hear a distinct snap , letting you know it was well-tempered . "  Smell : There are countless aromas in cocoa beans , so you 'll smell a variety of natural aromas from fruits to spices to nuts , depending on the origin of the bean . "  Taste : Let it melt in your mouth -- do n't chew -- and you should taste several flavors and no bitterness . "  A sign of a good quality chocolate is when there are several stages of flavor -- they develop in your mouth as it melts . More importantly , the flavor does n't just disappear after you swallow , but lingers . " Sweet Zurich Tour ; tours run Tuesday to Friday at 2 p.m. and last about two and a half hours  tour groups are typically two to eight people  ; CHF85  $ 93 Rania Margari is a freelance journalist with an interest in travel , food and lifestyle stories . She 's based in Lausanne , Switzerland . CNN Travel 's series often carry sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Sweet Zurich tour focuses on local chocolate confectionery gems like Honold and Conditorei Schober-Peclard Rousset advises chocolate tasters to let the chocolate melt -- not chew As with wines , it 's important to know where cocoa beans originate , because their "  terroir " determines flavor
CNN  -- A Texas A&M football player missing since Monday has been found safe , police said Thursday . Aggie wide receiver Thomas Johnson was one of the many players celebrating Saturday after the Aggies ' surprising win against then-No . 1 Alabama . Days later , the freshman wide receiver was missing , and fans , students and family members were getting worried . Police did not immediately say where Johnson was found . Before he was found , Johnson was last seen Monday night leaving his off-campus apartment in College Station , Texas , police said . The teen is from the Dallas area , and his mother had been traveling to College Station to help , CNN affiliate KHOU reported . The worried mother said she had been praying for good news . "  I know God is in it , " Linda Hanks told the affiliate before her son was found . "  And if he 's in it , it 's going to be OK . But that does n't stop me from crying , does n't stop me from wondering and does n't help me sleep . " Johnson 's mysterious absence came just after one of the biggest victories in recent history for Texas A&M . The Aggies bested Alabama 29-24 on Saturday , beating a team that won the college football championship last year and was favored to win it again . Johnson had three catches in that game .	NEW : Wide receiver Thomas Johnson is safe , police say NEW : Police did not say where he was found He had been missing since Monday
Boston  CNN  -- A juror wept Friday as James "  Whitey " Bulger 's former partner told a tragic tale of a slip of the lip and the ensuing result -- the strangling death of a 26-year-old woman , who was killed because she 'd heard too much . What made this recitation of deadly details different from the ones that preceded it during reputed mob boss Bulger 's trial in federal court was that the victim had been the girlfriend of the witness . "  It 's affected me and it 's going to affect me until the day I die , " Stephen "  The Rifleman " Flemmi said in the first humanizing testimony the jury had heard in two days of recollections about multiple murders and extortions . Flemmi was Bulger 's number-two front man for nearly two decades , when prosecutors say Bulger reigned terror over Boston . Bulger is charged with 19 killings in a 32-count indictment that includes extortion , money laundering , and racketeering in addition to the deaths . "  He strangled her all the way down to the basement ... when he got to the basement she was dead , " Flemmi told the jury , referring to Bulger and Flemmi 's girlfriend , Debra Davis . A female juror covered her mouth and began shaking , wiping away tears while she repeatedly checked the time , as if longing for the testimony to end . Shot-by-shot testimony in Bulger trial makes jurors squirm Prosecutors brought up the horrific murder of Davis in 1981 just 10 minutes before court ended Friday . In his testimony , Flemmi said his much younger girlfriend became very upset when he left her birthday party abruptly to meet with Bulger . Flemmi said he "  inadvertently blurted out " to Davis that he and Bulger were FBI informants . "  I bit my tongue and said we have a connection to John Connolly in the FBI and I got to leave , " Flemmi said , referring to his and Bulger 's rogue FBI informant-handler . Connolly is serving a 40 year sentence in Florida on murder charges connected to information he leaked to Bulger . Bulger then said several times that "  he wanted to kill her " because of what Davis then knew about the duo 's relationship with Connolly , Flemmi testified . "  I said no , of course not , " Flemmi continued . "  And he  Bulger  explained a whole litany of reasons why John Connolly helped us ... all of us and  said  ` You are jeopardizing that . ' " Flemmi , who testified earlier that Connolly had tipped them off to indictments , wire taps , and investigations , said it took him a while to come around but he eventually agreed to the slaying of Davis . "  I could n't do it ...  Bulger  knew it ... he said , ` I 'll take care of it , I 'll do it , ' " Flemmi told the jurors as they listened intently . Flemmi invited Davis to a house he had just bought for his parents , and when they walked in the front door , "  He  Bulger  grabbed her by the throat and strangled her , " Flemmi said . Prosecting attornery Fred Wyshak asked : "  What did you do ? " Flemmi : "  Nothing . " Wyshak : "  Why not ? " Flemmi : "  That was the plan . " At that moment in court , Bulger -- whose attorneys made it very clear in opening statements that he does not want the death of women on his hands -- stared at his former partner for the first time all day . It was only for a few seconds before he turned his head back downward . The two , who sparred with expletives at the end of court Thursday , virtually ignored each other Friday except for that one interlude . "  I wrapped her up and he  Bulger  went back upstairs " Flemmi went on . Flemmi testified that he "  cleaned up " and they proceeded to take Davis ' body to an area near the Neponset river where they buried her in a shallow grave . The remains of Debra Davis were excavated from a tidal marsh in late 2000 . Most of her remains were discovered in plastic bags along with rope around the bags , a Massachusetts state forensic anthropologist testified last week . Almost all of Davis ' bones were recovered , according to Dr. Ann Marie Mires . Because her body was in bags , even some of her hair was preserved . The hair , along with pieces of bones , were tested for DNA and were positively identified as the remains of Davis , according to Mires . Bulger trial opens window on mob world of cold violence , fierce loyalty Davis ' brother , Steve Davis , has been a regular at trial since it began in June . He told reporters after court , "  I 've heard it before . It brings tears to my eyes but I learned how to deal and fight it , because I need to learn more about it , 'cause you do n't know all it yet . " Flemmi pleaded guilty to 10 murders after charges were brought in 2004 and was spared the death penalty after agreeing to testify against Bulger . Of his relationship with Davis , he told the jury : "  I loved her , but I was n't in love with her . " After court , the attorneys discussed the defense 's amended witness list which had been reduced to 30 on Tuesday , from originally over 80 witnesses . Prosecuting attorney Brian Kelly argued that at least 15 of the witnesses -- former FBI agents -- would be a "  waste " of the jury 's time , as they are being called to refute the notion that Bulger was an informant , something Bulger has strongly denied . Kelly called these witnesses "  irrelevant . " Defense attorney Hank Brennan responded : "  Our witnesses are now down to 30 . They are relevant to our case and we intend to call them . " The defense had mentioned on Tuesday that it would shrink its list if alleged extortion victim Stephen Rakes did n't testify because several defense witnesses were intended to challenge Rakes ' expected testimony . Rakes learned Tuesday that prosecutors no longer planned to call him to the stand , according to a friend of Rakes . On Wednesday , Rakes ' body was discovered near a walking trail about 30 miles from his home . CNN affiliate WBZ reported that his car was found Friday about six miles from where his remains were found . Federal law enforcement authorities were "  shocked " to learn about the unexplained death of Rakes , according to a source familiar with the investigation into Rakes ' death . Authorities consider Rakes ' death suspicious , the source added , and authorities hope that there is no connection to the ongoing Bulger trial . The death is under investigation . CNN 's Laura Batchelor and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	Debra Davis was the girlfriend of "  Whitey " Bulger 's partner , Stephen "  The Rifleman " Flemmi Flemmi testifies Bulger strangled 26-year-old Davis in 1981 because of what she knew She died after Flemmi told her about his and Bulger 's link with a rogue FBI agent Flemmi : "  I could n't do it ...  Bulger  knew it ... he said , ` I 'll take care of it , I 'll do it ' "
CNN  -- A Delaware pediatrician was indicted Wednesday on 58 additional counts of rape and other sexual offenses in the alleged child abuse of his patients , state Attorney General Beau Biden announced Monday . Dr. Earl Bradley , 56 , previously pleaded not guilty to 471 felony counts involving 102 girls and one boy . Wednesday 's indictment -- which includes charges of rape , unlawful sexual contact , continuous sexual abuse of a child and sexual exploitation -- involves 24 girls he saw as patients from 1999 to 2009 . Biden has said the charges are based on "  video and digital evidence " seized from Bradley 's home and medical practice in December , when the doctor was arrested . Bradley , whose practice was in Lewes , Delaware , also has medical licenses in Pennsylvania , New Jersey and Florida . Authorities have said they have contacted officials in those states . In a February 24 interview with CNN , Bradley 's attorney said he would base his client 's defense on mental health . "  Most of the evidence in this case comes from videotapes -- it 's kind of hard to argue with videotapes , " Eugene Maurer Jr. said . He added , "  The issue in this case is going to come down to his mental health at the time . "	Dr. Earl Bradley previously pleaded not guilty to 471 felony counts Latest charges involve 24 girls he saw as patients from 1999 to 2009 Officials say charges are based on "  video and digital evidence "
CNN  -- Mohamed Morsi is an American-educated engineer who vows to stand for democracy , women 's rights , and peaceful relations with Israel if he wins the Egyptian presidency . He 's also an Islamist figure who has argued for barring women from the Egyptian presidency and called Israeli leaders "  vampires " and "  killers . " One analyst describes him as an "  icon " of those seeking an "  extreme agenda . " As Morsi , 60 , battles to win the presidency , questions surround how much of a hard line he would take , and what direction he would steer the country . Morsi leads the Freedom and Justice Party , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood -- the most powerful political movement in the new Egyptian government , controlling about half of parliament . His party notes that he was arrested several times under President Hosni Mubarak 's regime for protesting "  repressive measures and oppressive practices , " as well as "  rigged elections . " At one point he spent seven months in jail . Analysts say Morsi is focusing his campaign on appealing to the broadest possible audience . But he "  represents the older , more conservative wing of the Brotherhood and openly endorses a strict Islamic vision , " Isobel Coleman of the Council on Foreign Relations wrote in a column for CNN.com . "  A vote for Mohamed Morsi will consolidate the Brotherhood 's political influence , which could translate into a constitution with weaker provisions for protection of minority and women 's rights . " A slogan associated with his campaign , "  Islam is the solution , " is sparking concerns Morsi could introduce a fundamentalist Islamic theocracy . He told CNN he has no such plans . His party seeks "  an executive branch that represents the people 's true will and implements their public interests , " Morsi told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  There is no such thing called an Islamic democracy . There is democracy only . ... The people are the source of authority , " he said . Asked about the role of women , he vowed that "  women 's rights are equal to men . " And asked whether he would maintain Egypt 's 1979 accord with Israel , Morsi answered , "  Yes , of course I will . I will respect it provided the other side keep it up and respect it . " Morsi was not originally his party 's candidate for the country 's top post . He was called on to step in after the first choice was disqualified . Khairat al-Shater was among three candidates who were told they did not meet candidacy requirements . The Egyptian media then portrayed Morsi as "  an accident of history , " said Shadi Hamid of the Brookings Dohan Center and the Brookings Institution . In a column published by The Atlantic , Hamid said Morsi lacks the charisma and "  crossover appeal " of al-Shater . The Financial Times notes that the Muslim Brotherhood had originally pledged not to seek the presidency . "  It went back on its word , suspecting that its gains since the January 2011 revolution could be undermined by the military council that has ruled since the fall of President Hosni Mubarak . " Morsi has served as a central behind-the-scenes player for much of the past decade , Eric Trager of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy writes in a column for The New Republic . He was the Brotherhood 's primary point man for state security -- "  the repressive domestic security apparatus through which the Mubarak regime monitored and infiltrated opposition groups , " Trager writes . "  Indeed , Brotherhood leaders trusted Morsi because they viewed him as ideologically rigid , and therefore unlikely to concede too much to the regime during negotiations . " Morsi was also "  an icon of the extremists in the Muslim Brotherhood , " pushing for an "  extreme agenda , " Trager writes . Morsi 's official biography on the Freedom and Justice Party website describes him as "  one of the most prominent political leadership figures of the Brotherhood , the organization that led the struggle against the ousted repressive regime in its last decade . " He led the Brotherhood 's parliamentary bloc from 2000 to 2005 in addition to serving as president of the Department of Materials Science , Faculty of Engineering at Zagazig University . Morsi was arrested several times "  due to his constantly firm stance against the repressive measures and oppressive practices of the overthrown regime , " the party said . "  After the 2005 elections were rigged , Dr. Mohamed Morsi led demonstrations in support for judges demanding independence , refusing referral of some judges to the Competence Commission to punish them for their outspoken views against blatant elections fraud . " The following May , he was among 500 members of the Brotherhood arrested , the party said . Morsi spent seven months behind bars . "  He was arrested , yet again , on the morning of the ` Friday of Anger ' on January 28 , 2011 , during the revolution of January 25 along with a large number of Brotherhood leaders across Egypt . ... When several prisons were destroyed during the revolution , and many prisoners escaped , Dr. Morsi refused to leave his prison cell . Instead , he contacted satellite TV channels and news agencies demanding the judicial authorities visit the prison and check the legal position of jailed Muslim Brotherhood leaders , to clarify if there were indeed any legal reasons for their arrest , " the party website says . Morsi -- who has Bachelor and Master degrees from Cairo University and a doctorate from the University of Southern California -- insists that under his leadership , such abuses wo n't happen . There will be "  no need for worry at all over any kind of abusive power , " he told CNN . "  It will be impossible to allow these kinds of abuse in the shadow of a constitutional state , a lawful state , a state that protects the dignity of a person . "	Mohamed Morsi promises a democracy with the people as the source of authority He previously argued for barring women from presidency and called Israeli leaders "  vampires " Morsi is candidate of Freedom and Justice Party , political wing of Muslim Brotherhood He was not the party 's first choice
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The United States ' plans to beef up its missile defenses against North Korea are likely to inflame tensions that are running high over Pyongyang 's nuclear program , China said Monday . "  Bolstering missile defenses will only intensify antagonism , and it does n't help to solve the issue , " Hong Lei , a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said at a regular news briefing in Beijing . The United States will deploy additional ground-based missile interceptors on the West Coast as part of efforts to enhance the nation 's ability to defend itself from attack by North Korea , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel announced Friday . The U.S. announcement came after North Korea recently threatened a pre-emptive nuclear attack on South Korea and the United States in response to stepped-up U.N. Security Council sanctions over its latest nuclear test last month . Under threat , South Koreans mull nuclear weapons The threat from the regime of young leader Kim Jong Un was part of a recent barrage of vitriolic statements , which included a vow to nullify the armistice agreement that stopped the Korean War in 1953 . Military and White House officials have said current U.S. missile defenses are adequate for the present level of threat , and President Barack Obama said in an interview with ABC News last week that he did n't think North Korea could carry out a missile attack on the United States . "  They probably ca n't , but we do n't like the margin of error , " Obama said . The 14 additional interceptors , to be installed by 2017 , would bring the total to 44 , according to the Pentagon . "  The reason that we are doing what we are doing and the reason we are advancing our program here for homeland security is to not take any chances , is to stay ahead of the threat and to assure any contingency , " Hagel said . Concerns about regional stability But Hong said Monday that China believes that the anti-missile issue "  matters to global strategic balance and regional stability . It also matters to strategic trust between relevant countries . " North Korea on Saturday responded to the U.S. announcement by criticizing what it described as the Americans ' "  hostile policy " and saying it wo n't negotiate with them over its nuclear program . Its nuclear weapons "  serve as an all-powerful treasured sword for protecting the sovereignty and security of the country , " a Foreign Ministry spokesman said , according to the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency . "  Therefore , they can not be disputed ... as long as the U.S. nuclear threat and hostile policy persist . " Tensions on the Korean Peninsula escalated in December , when North Korea successfully launched a long-range rocket , putting a satellite in space for the first time . The United States and other Western nations called the launch a test of ballistic missile technology , and the U.N. Security Council tightened sanctions on the regime in Pyongyang . North Korea responded angrily to the U.N. measures , vowing to carry out its third nuclear test . It made good on its promise last month , prompting the U.N. Security Council to expand sanctions further , which in turn set off the latest flurry of fiery North Korean rhetoric . U.S. lawmaker questions North Korean leader 's ` stability ' CNN 's Dayu Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report .	China says U.S. anti-missile plans do n't "  help to solve the issue " North Korea has recently threatened to attack South Korea and the United States The Pentagon plans to add missile interceptors on the West Coast
London  CNN  -- Tensions between police and marauding gangs continued into Tuesday in areas of Great Britain , after violence initially sparked by the shooting death of a 29-year-old man in London spread to other parts of the nation . The number of people arrested in London since the violence began has risen to 334 , police said Tuesday . During the overnight hours , standoffs continued at several locations in London as police in riot gear warily watched roaming gangs often just yards away . A bus in Ealing , West London , a bus was vandalized and set on fire , while the driver was still on board . He escaped without injury . There was evidence of vandalism in central London , with visible damage to a number of shops . The developments come as reports flowed in from other parts of the country that outbreaks of violence and vandalism had occurred . In Bristol , in southwest England , police said several shops and vehicles were damaged Monday night and "  a number of main roads have been closed to allow officers to take control of what is currently a volatile situation . " "  Officers are urging people to avoid the city centre at this time . People already in the city centre should leave the area and go home , " Bristol police said in a statement early Tuesday . Street disturbances appeared to have spread to Birmingham , about 120 miles north of London , where police said "  several premises " in the city center had been attacked "  with some shop windows smashed and property stolen in various locations . " A police statement issued early Tuesday said about 100 people had been arrested in Birmingham and added there were no reports of "  major injuries of member of the public or police officers as a result of the disorder . " Disturbances also were reported in the Liverpool area , about 180 miles northwest of London , with police there saying officers had responded to "  reports of vehicles on fire and criminal damage " in south Liverpool . The office of British Prime Minister David Cameron announced that Cameron would return to London Monday night , cutting short a vacation in Italy , for meetings to discuss the violence . As disturbances and looting flared in various parts of London , an official from the London Fire Brigade told CNN : "  We are too busy now to take any calls from the media . " Police reported "  fires burning at a number of premises including a very large blaze at a sofa factory " in the south London borough of Croydon . In the Hackney area of east London , gangs attacked a police car and shops . Video showed riot police involved in skirmishes , youths destroying a police car , smashing shop windows , a sporting goods shop being looted and the window of another shop being smashed . Police said in a statement that a crowd of between 250 and 300 people gathered , with those in the crowd throwing "  petrol bombs " and setting cars ablaze . In Lewisham in south London , a car was set afire . "  This is just thugs wanting to intimidate people , " Councillor Michael Harris told the BBC . "  We 've had good community relations in Lewisham and it 's simply not justified . " He described the people carrying out the acts as young people whose faces were covered with masks . Several hundred people in the center of Peckham in South London threw projectiles -- stones , clay pots and bottles -- with one policeman saying , "  they raided the bottle bank , " CNN 's Dan Rivers reported from the scene . Large numbers of them , many with faces covered by shirts and bandannas , rushed back and forth with police -- in far fewer numbers -- standing their ground at the entrances to roads , Rivers said . Police created a cordon around Clapham Junction , one of London 's busiest train stations , with trains unable to go to or from the station . There was no obvious sign of violence at the station but a policewoman told CNN it was not safe for people to go near the station . The policewoman did not explain why . The violence started in the ethnically diverse , working-class suburb north of London 's center whose residents are predominantly Afro-Caribbean . Saturday 's riots occurred after the shooting death Thursday of Mark Duggan , a black man , as he was seated inside a cab . Officers from Operation Trident -- the Metropolitan Police unit that deals with gun crime in London 's black communities -- stopped the cab during an attempted arrest and soon afterward shots were fired , the Independent Police Complaints Commission  IPCC  said . Duggan , a father of four , was fatally shot . Shooting deaths are rare in England . The commission divulged neither who shot Duggan nor why police had stopped the cab , with the incident still under investigation . Some reports suggested that Duggan was held down by police and shot in the head , but the IPCC has denied this . "  Speculation that Mark Duggan was ` assassinated ' in an execution style involving a number of shots to the head are categorically untrue , " the IPCC said in a statement . A British police watchdog group said evidence from Thursday 's shooting scene , including a nonpolice firearm , was to undergo forensic testing . The man 's family and friends , who blamed police for the death , gathered Saturday night outside the Tottenham police station to protest . The protest began peacefully but soon devolved into riots as demonstrators -- whose numbers included whites and blacks -- tossed petrol bombs , looted stores and burned police cars . The unrest prompted Home Secretary Theresa May to cut short her summer vacation and return Monday afternoon to London . In all , 35 police officers have been injured since the violence broke out , Metropolitan Police said . On Monday morning , residents in the South London neighborhood of Brixton awoke to see the aftermath of Sunday night 's sporadic shooting in the commercial center . A KFC 's windows were smashed , a Foot Locker store was burned , and the main street was closed as police investigators combed through the area looking for evidence . Police said they were reviewing closed-circuit television footage in an attempt to identify looters . Looting also occurred in pockets of Enfield , next to Tottenham , in north London . "  The scenes of violence and destruction over the weekend are utterly appalling , " said London Mayor Boris Johnson , in a statement . "  People have lost their homes , businesses and livelihoods through mindless violence . I understand the need for urgent answers into the shooting incident that resulted in the death of a young local man , and I 've sought reassurances that the IPCC are doing exactly that . But let 's be clear these acts of sheer criminality across London are nothing to do with this incident and must stop now . " A representative of Johnson said Monday evening that he was cutting short his family holiday in North America to return to London . Police said the rioting and looting in other parts of the capital were "  copycat " events conducted by opportunists and criminals . "  This is not about the black community and the police , it 's about young people and the police , " said Shaun Bailey , a youth worker , in a statement circulated by the mayor 's office . "  And let 's not beat around the bush and pretend this is some type of social justice protest -- it 's sheer criminality . " The specter that such violence could arise had been a concern to David Lammy long before the weekend . The Labour MP for Tottenham told a reporter in March that Tottenham could become a scene of violence as cuts to social-service programs for youths were implemented . "  It 's heartbreaking , " he told the Tottenham & Wood Green Journal . "  I 'm really worried that the social experiment that we 're seeing from the Tory-led coalition will lead to scenes akin to something that we see in some of the inner-city areas of America and that 's why we need to bring this government down . " But the leader of Enfield Council , Doug Taylor , was unmoved . "  There can be no justification for the violence and the looting , " the Labour Party member told a reporter . Deputy Prime Minister Nicholas Clegg called the rioters "  opportunists -- cynical folks who are indulging in smash-and-grab criminality . " Police say they have evidence that some of the rioting was coordinated using social media , including Twitter . Tottenham was the site of riots before . In 1985 Floyd Jarrett , who was of Afro-Caribbean origin , was stopped by police near the Broadwater Farm estate in Tottenham on suspicion of driving with a forged tax disc , a document all British vehicles must carry . A few hours later , officers raided the nearby home of his mother , who collapsed and died during the raid . Rioting erupted shortly afterwards . Like the current violence , a protest outside Tottenham Police Station sparked the 1985 conflict . CNN 's Dan Rivers , Annabel Archer , Phil Black , David Wilkinson , Atika Shubert , Bryony Jones , Erin McLaughlin , Bharati Naik , Aliza Kassim and David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	NEW : Bristol police tell citizens to stay away from "  a volatile situation " in the city NEW : A bus is attacked and vandalized in Ealing , West London Police report disturbances in the Liverpool area Prime minister returns to London from holiday
Few airline routes are as cutthroat as the one between London and New York . It is the world 's busiest intercontinental route and -- peppered with business travelers -- one of the most lucrative . There are few lengths airlines wo n't go to in the hopes of getting a piece of the action . We look at how the different carriers stack up . BA : It 's all business  class It may not be the cheapest way to travel between the two cities , but British Airways ' all-business class flight is definitely one of the plushest . Aimed at London 's and New York 's bankers , it is also one of the few flights to leave from London City Airport . Perks include all the standard business class amenities -- gourmet food , lie-flat beds , airport lounge access -- as well as some innovative extras . Instead of a traditional in-flight entertainment system , for instance , customers are given use of their very own iPad . Perhaps the sweetest offering , however , is that passengers get to skip the line at customs . To facilitate this , the plane makes a pit stop at Ireland 's Shannon Airport , which introduced a pre-clearance facility in 2009 . It helps that BA has partnered with American Airlines . Together , the two carriers own the largest market share  53 %  of this route , and offer the most flights -- 17 a day -- between the two cities . Delta-Virgin : When in doubt , merge Last year , neither Delta Airlines nor Virgin Atlantic held a particularly admirable market share of the London-New York route . Then , they decided to merge , with Delta acquiring 49 % of the British carrier . For Delta , the move meant the ability to offer three times as many flights between the two hubs . For Virgin , it meant access to new , untapped markets in the U.S. "  We are a UK-based airline , and we need to offer a set of flights and services and attractive features to customers in the UK first and foremost , " admits Craig Kreeger , CEO of Virgin Atlantic . "  We need to expand our network in order to do so , and Delta helps us going in one direction -- but it is the direction that is the biggest for us . " Since the merger , the airlines have acquired 33 % of the market on that route . Still , the two airlines have retained their separate identity , with separate perks . For Delta 's U.S.-bound Diamond Medallion customers  the frequent , frequent flyers who cover at least 125,000 miles per year  , a Porsche will transfer them between gates . Lie-flat beds and gourmet food  with wine pairings  are par for the course on business class flights , though Delta stands out by also providing Westin Heavenly in-flight bedding . Delta also offers the Dine & Rest program , an expedited meal that lets flyers chill out for the remainder of their journey . Younger road warriors traveling in business class , meanwhile , are drawn to Virgin 's cool lighting , on-board bar and limousine pick-up service . The London Heathrow Clubhouse -- Virgin 's upper class lounge -- meanwhile excels at offering the unexpected , including free-flowing cocktails , and restaurant-quality meals . There is even a spa to help visitors unwind before a flight . United Airlines : The underdog United Airlines , which merged with Continental Airlines in 2010 , ca n't hope to compete with the other industry giants , who have invested a lot of time and money on the New York-London route . Though they offer the fewest daily flights  five  , the carrier has made inroads . United has set up a plush hub in Heathrow 's newly renovated Terminal 2 . On the New York-end , they fly into Newark , which offers smaller queues than JFK Airport . Jeff Smisek , United 's CEO , also says the airline is working with its strengths . "  Our position is basically that we offer a good service out of New York . It 's not as big as BA 's , but we offer a good schedule and we offer our entire network with a lot of connecting opportunities , " he says .	London to New York is the world 's busiest airline route Eager to cash in , airlines have devised new ways to lure customers Airlines will try anything , from Porsche rides to merging , to win the route
CNN  -- The U.S. health system has been preparing since late March for the news we announced Tuesday : the first case of Ebola diagnosed in the United States . In this age of global travel , we anticipated that a traveler from a country with an Ebola outbreak would come to the United States and develop symptoms once they arrived . But from everything we know now , there appears to be no risk that anyone on this patient 's flights from Liberia to the United States was exposed to the virus . Can you catch Ebola on a plane ? Clinicians on the front lines have been one key to our safety : identifying patients with both a history of travel and symptoms indicating they might have Ebola , immediately isolating them , consulting their local or state health departments , and getting the patients tested as needed . Indeed , since the outbreak began in Africa , CDC has consulted with state and local health departments on almost 100 cases in which travelers had recently returned from West Africa and showed symptoms that might have been caused by Ebola . Of those cases , 14 were considered to be truly at risk . Specimens from 13 were tested and Ebola was ruled out in all 13 cases . But now CDC labs have confirmed our nation 's first U.S.-diagnosed Ebola patient . I understand this can be deeply troubling news , especially after what we have witnessed Ebola do in West Africa . But there are distinct differences in what will happen here . The United States has a strong health care system and dedicated public health professionals -- all hard at work right now -- to make sure this case will not threaten the community at large , or the nation . A person who is sick from Ebola virus disease can be cared for in U.S. hospitals when the patient is isolated in a private room with a private bathroom and contact with them is highly controlled . Every health care worker must meticulously follow every single infection control protection we recommend . How the Ebola virus spreads Public health officials , meanwhile , are also identifying people who have had close personal contact with the newly diagnosed patient and will follow up with them for 21 days , the longest known incubation period for Ebola . If they develop any signs of the disease , those people will be isolated , tested and cared for . The fact is that CDC has been preparing for this day , working around the clock with local and state health departments to enhance surveillance and laboratory testing capacity , provide recommendations for health care infection control and other measures to prevent disease spread , and deliver guidance and tools for health departments to conduct public health investigations . Your Ebola questions answered I 'm not going to promise that we can stop this at just one case , but I can tell you we have the advantage because the right steps are being taken , and I am therefore confident we will stop Ebola in its tracks here in the United States . And there is one final thing to remember , even as the first case here grabs the headlines : We must be relentless in stopping its spread in West Africa . After all , after all is said and done here , that is the only way to truly and completely protect the health security of America -- and the world . Complete coverage on Ebola	CDC chief : U.S. health system has been preparing since March for first U.S. Ebola case Clear differences between Ebola in Africa and what will happen in U.S. , says Tom Frieden 21 days is the longest known incubation period for Ebola , Frieden says
CNN  -- As the first week of the John Edwards federal criminal trial comes to an end , where the former Democratic senator and presidential candidate is accused of using hundreds of thousands of dollars of donations to conceal his affair with a campaign videographer without reporting the money to federal authorities , we wanted to take a look back at some statistics about other politicians in trouble . Based on these numbers , Edwards certainly is n't the first pol to get himself into some hot water -- personally , politically or legally . 2 - Number of presidents who have been impeached : Andrew Johnson in 1868 and Bill Clinton in 1998 . 1 - Number of U.S. presidents who have resigned from office : Richard Nixon , on August 8 , 1974 . 18Â 1/2 minutes - Length of the "  gap " in the tape of a recorded conversation from June 1972 between Nixon and Chief of Staff Bob Haldeman about a break-in at the Watergate Hotel in Washington . 15 - Days between the U.S. Supreme Court ruling against Nixon , that executive privilege of the president is not above the law , and Nixon 's resignation . 17 - Guilty verdicts in the retrial of Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich on corruption charges . He was sentenced in 2011 to 14 years . 4 - Governors of Illinois who have been sentenced to prison since 1973 . 5 - Number of days South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford was "  missing " after hiking on the Appalachian Trail in 2009 . The married governor revealed later that he had actually been in Buenos Aires , Argentina , visiting another woman . 57 - Percentage of people who think politicians seem to have a lot of sex scandals because they get caught more often . 19 - Percentage who say politicians have lower levels of morality than the rest of us . Client 9 - Code name of a "  subject " listed on an affidavit as being involved in a prostitution ring investigated by the FBI in 2008 , identified as New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer . He resigned from office but was n't charged by federal prosecutors . $ 90,000 - Amount of "  cold hard cash " found in the freezer of Rep. William Jefferson , D-Louisiana , after an FBI search that led to convictions in 2009 on 11 criminal counts , including bribery , money laundering and wire fraud . 7 years - Prison term for former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , found guilty in 2011 of abuse of authority for signing gas contracts with Russia . 101 - Current age of Bunny Mellon , a John Edwards presidential campaign donor and potential witness in his criminal trial . Around 1,400 - Text messages exchanged between Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick and his mistress , using city-issued cell phones . He eventually spent about 14 months in prison after a parole violation relating to charges of obstruction of justice and assault , and was released in 2010 . 2 - Number of members of Congress expelled for unethical conduct , since the Civil War . Rep. Jim Traficant , D-Ohio , was expelled in 2002 after convictions for bribery , racketeering and tax evasion , and Rep. Michael Myers , D-Pennsylvania , was expelled in 1980 for accepting money from undercover FBI agents . 1 - Congressman who voted to keep Traficant in the House . Rep. Gary Condit , D-California , was his sole support in a vote of 420-1 on July 25 , 2002 .	Two presidents have been impeached : Andrew Johnson in 1868 and Bill Clinton in 1998 One president has resigned from office : Richard Nixon , on August 8 , 1974 Two members of Congress have been expelled for unethical conduct since the Civil War Four governors of Illinois have been sentenced to prison since 1973
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- An unopposed former Communist leader was elected Nepal 's new prime minister Saturday , ending nearly three weeks of political uncertainty . Madhav Kumar Nepal waves at his supporters at the country 's parliament in Kathmandu . Madhav Kumar Nepal of the Communist Party of Nepal  Unified Marxist-Leninist  was the only person to serve as a candidate for the post after he received backing from more than 20 of the 25 parties in parliament . Nepal , 56 , is a former general secretary of the Communist Party , but had resigned after the party made a poor showing last year against another Communist movement . In that vote , the Communist Party of Nepal  Maoist  became the largest party , with 38 percent of the seats in the 601-member constituent assembly which also functions as parliament . Nepal had been general secretary since 1993 and served as the country 's deputy prime minister for nine months in 1995 . Pushpa Kamal Dahal , the Maoist chairman , resigned as prime minister May 4 after the president overturned the Cabinet 's decision to sack the army chief . Nepal became a republic last year . The new government has two important tasks before it : the writing of a new constitution within a year , and integration of 19,600 Maoist combatants into the security forces . Without the support of the former Maoist rebels , these tasks can not be achieved . The Maoists fought a 10-year insurgency aimed at abolishing the monarchy .	Madhav Kumar Nepal of the Communist Party of Nepal was only candidate Nepal , 56 , is a former general secretary of the Communist Party Pushpa Kamal Dahal , the Maoist chairman , resigned as prime minister May 4 Followed president 's decision to overturn Cabinet 's sacking of army chief
CNN  -- A December rampage that killed hundreds in the Democratic Republic of Congo went largely unreported because of lack of communications in the remote area , a United Nations official said Sunday . The Lord 's Resistance Army carried out the brutal campaign in northeastern Congo over four days , killing at least 321 , according to a report by Human Rights Watch . Rebels also abducted 250 others -- including at least 80 children -- when they attacked villages in Makombo area , the human rights group said Saturday . Alan Doss , a United Nations Special Representative for Congo , confirmed the massacre and said the world body was made aware of the attacks in December and confirmed some deaths in January . "  The area is remote , there 's no intelligence or communications , we had to cross check , " Doss said . The United Nations can not corroborate the number of deaths reported by Human Rights Watch , but has confirmed more than 100 killed so far , he said . "  The area is the size of Spain , " Doss said . "  It has no infrastructure ... we are working on efforts to get better communications to make it less isolated . " The Lord 's Resistance Army was initially based in Uganda , but now works near the borders of Central African Republic , Sudan and Congo . It has been accused of killing , abducting and mutilating scores of people in the past . In the Congo attack , gangs tied up villagers -- including women and children -- and hacked them to death , Human Rights Watch said . They also crushed their skulls with axes and heavy wooden sticks , the report said . The anti-Ugandan government rebel group is led by self-declared prophet Joseph Kony . It claims its insurgency aims to replace the Ugandan government with a democracy based on the Ten Commandments . President Yoweri Museveni pushed it out of Uganda in 2005 . Five years ago , the International Criminal Court issued arrest warrants for senior rebel leaders for crimes in northern Uganda , but those indicted remain at large . The Makombo massacre is the deadliest documented attack by the LRA since rampages around Christmas 2008 left scores of Congolese dead . Dozens of other attacks against civilians have been carried out in other areas in recent months , Human Rights Watch said .	A rebel group in Congo killed at least 321 civilians , Human Rights Watch said The Lord 's Resistance Army abducted 250 others including 80 children , the report said LRA forces attacked at least 10 villages from December 14 to 17 , the report claimed United Nations said it was made aware of the attacks in December
CNN  -- A 27-year-old Tunisian man who set himself on fire to protest unemployment has died , officials said Wednesday . Adel Khodri succumbed to his wounds early Wednesday morning , a day after he set himself ablaze , Tunisia 's national civil protection and defense authorities said . His fate parallels the iconic death of Mohamed Bouazizi , a street vendor who set himself on fire in December 2010 . Bouazizi 's death was widely credited for spurring Arab Spring uprisings across North Africa and the Middle East . The fruit vendor 's fatal protest unleashed a wave of regional dissent against oppression , government corruption and stifled freedoms . Self-immolation has since become more common in the Arab world , with people setting themselves on fire in Tunisia , Jordan , Bahrain and Morocco . Although Tunisia has toppled a longtime ruler and held historic elections since Bouazizi 's death , the country is still mired in political unrest . Khodri died the same day Tunisia 's National Constituent Assembly is set to vote on a new government . In a speech before Wednesday 's vote , Prime Minster-designate Ali Larayedh explained a series of proposals for the new government , the country 's official news agency TAP said . Larayedh vowed to protect against excessive inflation , develop the economy , fight crime and boost development .	The self-immolation of Adel Khodri , 27 , is similar to that of Mohamed Bouazizi Bouazizi was credited for launching the Arab Spring protests with his fatal protest Khodri 's death comes as the National Constituent Assembly votes on a new government
WIRED  -- The new Apple TV could be Steve Jobs ' best sleight-of-hand trick yet . During his modest introduction of the device , Jobs called the Apple TV "  one more hobby . " But a closer look at the code and the hardware powering the Apple TV reveals that there 's a lot more going on under the hood than the CEO shared . Interestingly , Jobs did n't mention that Apple TV runs iOS , the same operating system running on its flagship product , the iPhone , and some other big hits -- the iPod Touch and iPad . And there 's more , too : The Apple TV 's software may already be jailbroken , and some hidden software should eventually allow you to share the Apple TV 's media with other iOS devices . These secret ingredients could be the recipe Apple needs to shake up the television industry . For years , Apple executives have labeled the set-top box a "  hobby " product because of its mild success compared to blockbuster sellers like the iPhone and iPod . Now that Apple TV has been revamped into a streaming rental service with an arsenal of stealth features , maybe Apple has a chance to change the TV business -- if not today , perhaps later . "  The most important hint of Apple 's real ambitions in the living room come from AirPlay , which puts iPhones and iPads in the driver 's seat and makes the TV just an output device for the Apple ecosystem , " said James McQuivey , a Forrester analyst , in a recent e-mail statement . "  Expect Apple to gradually push more and more in that direction , but as of this moment in 2010 , Apple has not yet made a significant play for control of the TV . " Here , we round up the juicy tidbits we 've heard about Apple 's mysterious new set-top box . iOS and third-party app support There 's more than enough evidence proving that the Apple TV runs iOS . Dispelling any doubts , Apple recently posted a build of iOS 4.1 specifically for the Apple TV . This piece of information about iOS is important because of a new feature called AirPlay , which streams media from your iPad , iPhone or iPod Touch to the Apple TV . When Jobs demonstrated AirPlay , he only showed the feature working with an iPad 's built-in video player , photo app and music library . Now that we know Apple TV runs iOS , it 's likely that third-party apps such as MLB at Bat or ABC Player will be able stream media to the set-top box , too . DaringFireball blogger John Gruber confirmed that an AirPlay button is showing up in the MLB at Bat app , and he adds that apps using the built-in media controller will be able to integrate AirPlay . Long story short , you 'll be able to wirelessly stream media from some third-party apps straight to your Apple TV with an AirPlay button . AirPlay is shaping up to be Apple 's secret weapon to reshape home entertainment . In addition to AirPlay , the fact that Apple TV is running iOS means that -- in principle , at least -- it may someday be able to run applications from the iTunes App Store . For now , that capability is not included in Apple TV , but the underlying operating system certainly supports it , so Apple might open a TV App Store in a future software update . Jailbreaking hacks Third-party app support will probably be limited for the Apple TV , but that 's where the jailbreakers come in . In the same way that we 're able to override restrictions on the iPhone , iPad or iPod Touch with a jailbreak , we should be able to run unauthorized apps on the Apple TV -- something Jobs would never advertise , of course . In fact , hackers already have a head start , because a tool called Shatter , which was used to jailbreak the newest iPod Touch , already works with the Apple TV , according to the iPhone Dev Team . That means we should be expecting hackers to code some unauthorized apps soon to unlock additional capabilities such as video conferencing via your Apple TV . On top of that , existing hacks for the old Apple TV should work , too . Dev Team member Will Strafach explained that "  the new AppleTV OS seems to be a mashup of the old AppleTV OS and iOS , " meaning "  frappliances , " plug-ins that add functionality to the old Apple TV , should work as well . ` Lowtide ' app The Unofficial Apple Weblog 's Erica Sadun , a popular iOS programmer , took a close look at the Apple TV 's software and discovered that it runs an application called Lowtide -- the software containing the set-top box 's media interface . Sadun dug deeper and found lines of code that suggest that Lowtide might eventually be extended to other iOS devices . In other words , you should be able to share media from the Apple TV to your iPhone , iPod Touch or iPad , whereas originally we thought we 'd only be able to do the converse with AirPlay . This functionality would be comparable to a Slingbox or an EyeTV . Lowtide is n't readily available for Apple 's iOS mobile devices yet , but iOS developer Dustin Howett has already managed to load Lowtide on an iPod touch running iOS 4.1 , demonstrated in the video above . He recommended against doing it yourself , though , unless you 're ready to reformat your iPhone on a regular basis just to turn it back into a phone . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	At introduction , Jobs called the Apple TV "  one more hobby " The Apple TV 's software may already be jailbroken Apple TV runs iOS , the same operating system running on its the iPhone Product may someday be able to run applications from the iTunes App Store
CNN  -- The European Tour has dropped Bahrain from its 2012 schedule . The second Volvo Golf Champions tournament was due to be played at the Royal Golf Club , a course designed by British golfer Colin Montgomerie , in January next year . But following a crackdown on anti-government protestors that left at least 32 people dead the European Tour has decided to drop Bahrain from the schedule , for now at least . "  With work still ongoing to resolve issues in Bahrain and the need to confirm the venue by the end of July 2011 , the difficult decision to postpone the event for 2012 was taken , " the Tour said in a statement . But Bahrain would , it confirmed , remain on its roster . "  We know that Bahrain is working hard to address the issues it has faced in recent months , as well as to reach out to the international community , " said George O'Grady from the European Tour . "  We , together with the European Tour players , look forward to returning and building on that first , very successful , event in the future . " The postponement of next January 's tournament will be seen as another blow to a Bahrain government keen to show the world that stability has returned to the island following months of anti-government unrest . In June motor sport 's governing body , the FIA , cancelled Bahrain 's 2011 F1 Grand Prix amid security fears . Red Bull 's Australian driver Mark Webber raised ethical concerns about hosting a major sporting event in the Kingdom . "  In my personal opinion , the sport should have taken a much firmer stance earlier this year rather than constantly delaying its decision in the hope of being able to reschedule it in 2011 , " Webber wrote on his personal web site in June . "  It would have sent a very clear message about F1 's position on something as fundamental as human rights and how it deals with moral issues . " FIFA has also asked the Bahraini authorities to explain the jailing of several national football team players . Alaa Hubail , a striker who played 52 times for his country , was sentenced to two years in prison for his involvement in "  illegal protests " . A spokesperson for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights condemned the sentences being handed down to protestors . "  There are serious concerns that the due process rights of the defendants , many of whom are well-known human rights defenders , were not respected and the trials appear to bear the marks of political persecution , " said Ravina Shamdasani . When asked by CNN about the arrest of the footballers the Bahraini FA confirmed several had been arrested , but claimed they had been treated fairly according to the law . "  The players have been arrested , investigated and detained for having opposed the general laws and bylaws of the country , " the vice-president of the Bahraini Football Association , Sheikh Ali bin Khalifa al Khalifa , told CNN back in June before Hubail 's sentence was handed down . "  The fact that they happen to be footballers and national team players is highly irrelevant . "	The European Tour drops Bahrain from its 2012 schedule Volvo Golf Champions was due to be played at Bahrain 's Royal Golf Club Tour hope to return in future The postponement follows cancellation of Bahrain 's F1 GP
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Labour Party suspended four members of Parliament -- including three former Cabinet ministers -- after they were secretly filmed offering to sell their government influence , the party said Tuesday . The party said it has launched an investigation of Geoff Hoon , Patricia Hewitt , Stephen Byers and Margaret Moran and suspended all four from the Parliamentary Labour Party . None of the four plans to run in the next election , expected to be held in May . "  The Labour Party expects the highest standards of its representatives and believes that they have a duty to be transparent and accountable servants to their constituents at all times , " the party said in a statement . What the British media has now dubbed the "  cash-for-lobbying " scandal comes just weeks before the expected general election in which Labour , the ruling party , faces a stiff challenge from the opposition Conservatives . Cabinet Secretary Gus O'Donnell , a non-partisan official , called the allegations "  extremely serious . " The undercover filming was done by reporters for Channel 4 's "  Dispatches " program , which aired Monday night . They set up a fictional U.S. company that claimed to want to hire British politicians for an advisory board , and an undercover reporter then invited the MPs to a rented office in London to discuss the work . A hidden camera captured the politicians agreeing to use their experience and influence to lobby the government in exchange for thousands of pounds  dollars  in pay . "  I 'd be very interested . I 'm a bit like a sort of cab for hire , I suppose , at the moment , " said Byers , who was the transport and business secretary under former Prime Minister Tony Blair . Byers said he usually charges a daily rate of between # 3,000 and # 5,000  $ 4,500 and $ 7,500  for similar work . Among the services Byers offered was to try to get Blair to show up at a client 's event . "  The three to five just depends a bit on the work , the clients , to be honest , " Byers said on the tape . "  I mean , sometimes I can charge more . " Hoon , who was British defense secretary during the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , said he would request a similar amount . He said he could lead delegations to see certain ministers , or he could write letters to ministers to persuade them to see a client . "  One of the challenges , I think , which I 'm really looking forward to is sort of translating my knowledge and contacts about  the  international scene into something that , bluntly , makes money , " Hoon said . Lawmaker Margaret Moran , who was implicated in the parliamentary expenses scandal last May , was also shown on hidden camera to be interested in a possible job . Moran spent # 22,500  $ 33,700  of taxpayers ' money for repairs on a seaside home far from her constituency , days after declaring it as her second home , records last year showed . Moran told the undercover reporter that she would be willing to approach parliamentary committees or special advisers on behalf of the company . Hewitt , who served as health secretary and trade and industry secretary in the cabinet , said she is looking for another "  major board position " to employ her for three days a month . Asked how easy it would be for her to arrange meetings with Cabinet ministers or senior civil servants , Hewitt replied , "  It 's very doable , but you have to be kind of quite careful , you know , about how you do it . And it partly depends on the individual minister . " The Conservatives called on Prime Minister Gordon Brown to launch an investigation into the scandal . Peter Hoskin , a columnist for The Spectator magazine , described the revelations as "  dirty money and dirtier politics . " "  Our democracy could hardly bear another major political scandal , but here we have one : as grubby , underhand and dispiriting as last year 's expenses revelations , " Hoskin wrote . "  The question now is whether it 's as widespread . " Daily Telegraph columnist Mary Riddell called it "  the week that could finish Labour " and said it put the Conservatives , also called the Tories , in a good position ahead of the election . "  Any hope that the shadow of greed had lifted was crushed by accusations that former ministers sought money for favors , " she wrote . "  The taped claim by Stephen ` Cash ' Byers that ` I 'm like a sort of cab for hire ' is a remark geared to give the Tories a chauffeured drive to power . "	Britain 's Labour Party suspends four senior MPs in cash-for-lobbying scandal Lawmakers were secretly filmed offering to sell their government influence Geoff Hoon , Patricia Hewitt , Stephen Byers , Margaret Moran not standing in election Politicians agreed to lobby government in exchange for thousands of pounds
