Total SA says energy companies should not drill for crude in Arctic waters , marking the first time an oil major has publicly spoken out against offshore oil exploration in the region . Christophe de Margerie , Total 's chief executive , told the Financial Times the risk of an oil spill in such an environmentally sensitive area was simply too high . "  Oil on Greenland would be a disaster , " he said in an interview . "  A leak would do too much damage to the image of the company " . Last week , Royal Dutch Shell had to postpone until next year an attempt to drill into oil-bearing rock off the Alaskan coast after a piece of safety equipment was damaged during testing . It has spent $ 4.5 bn and seven years preparing to drill . ExxonMobil , ENI of Italy and Norway 's Statoil have also signed deals to explore for oil in Russia 's Arctic waters , while others have secured licences to drill off Greenland . Mr de Margerie emphasised that he was not opposed to Arctic exploration in principle . Total has a number of natural gas ventures in the region , including a stake in the vast Shtokman field in Russia 's Barents Sea . The Total chief executive said gas leaks were easier to deal with than oil spills . His comments were welcomed by environmental groups that are opposed to Big Oil 's presence in what they see as a near-pristine wilderness . "  The rest of the oil industry should heed his warning , " said Ben Ayliffe , head of Greenpeace 's Arctic campaign . "  Given the risks , companies should n't be touching the Arctic with a barge pole . " Shell declined to comment . It has said in the past that it is well prepared for spills , with round-the-clock response teams on Alaska 's North Slope and a fleet of specialised vessels that will be in place before drilling starts . According to a 2008 study by the US Geological Survey , the Arctic contains just over a fifth of the world 's undiscovered , recoverable oil and gas resources . The melting of the polar ice cap has made the area more accessible to the majors than ever before . The region 's challenges are formidable , however , ranging from icebergs the size of cities to storms , darkness and fierce cold . There is also no certainty of success : UK-listed explorer Cairn Energy spent $ 1bn exploring off Greenland and failed to find commercial volumes of oil . Total 's Arctic projects are concentrated in Russia . As well as its stake in Shtokman , it has interests in a number of onshore developments , such as a big liquefied natural gas venture in Russia 's far north known as Yamal LNG . It also operates a Siberian oilfield called Kharyaga . Gazprom announced in August that it was shelving Shtokman due to excessive costs . But Mr de Margerie said as far as he was concerned , it was still on . "  Gazprom never told me in writing that the project is over , " he said . "  Discussions are not ... as active as I would like . -LSB- But -RSB- the reserves are still there . "	Total SA says energy companies should not drill for crude in Arctic waters First time an oil major has spoken out against offshore Arctic oil exploration
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Twitter has been the scene of a bizarre Turkish hashtag war between the mayor of Ankara and , well , a lot of other social networkers . The drama began Sunday when Ibrahim Melih Gokcek , the man who has been mayor of Turkey 's capital for more than a decade , accused a reporter from the BBC 's Turkish service of being a foreign agent . "  Who is @selingirit ? BBC 's reporter in Turkey , " Gokcek wrote in a series of English-language tweets . "  Led by England , they are trying to collapse our economy via agents hired , both nationally and internationally . They are dreaming for Turkey to be the ` Sick man of Europe ' once again . Here is a concrete proof . " The BBC issued a statement Monday expressing concern about what it described as threats issued by Turkish officials against a BBC correspondent . Gokcek is an elected official from the Justice and Development Party , or AKP , which is led by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Since an unprecedented explosion of street protests against Erdogan erupted more than three weeks ago , the prime minister and his deputies have accused demonstrators of being terrorists and vandals organized by an alleged shadowy foreign conspiracy Erdogan has labeled "  the interest lobby . " Gokcek appeared determined to prove this Sunday via Twitter . Shortly after accusing Girit of being a spy , he announced the creation of the Turkish hashtag #INGILTEREADINAAJANLIKYAPMASELINGIRIT , which translates roughly to "  Do n't be a spy in the name of England Selin Girit . " Then , the mayor of Ankara launched a campaign to make the hashtag one of Twitter 's worldwide trends . For the next several hours , he cheered on his followers as the accusation gained online traction with messages like "  Keep going Turkiye . Our Hash Tag is ranked 2th . Must place to number 1 . This will be our answer to BBC . " Within hours , the mayor 's Twitter campaign appeared to have backfired . Online opponents began mobilizing their own hashtag in response to the mayor of Ankara . They began retweeting the hashtag #provokatormelihgokÃ § ek  Melih Gokcek is a provocateur  . By Sunday night in Turkey , #provokatormelihgokcek had replaced the mayor 's hashtag attacking Girit on Twitter 's list of world-wide trends . Gokcek responded by threatening anyone in the world who retweeted the provocateur hashtag with legal action . "  My lawyer is going to sue everyone one by one who tweets #ProvokatorMelihGokcek No one can get away with anything because Turkey is a country of law , " the mayor of Ankara announced on Twitter Sunday night . As of 10am in Istanbul Monday , the #provokatormelihgokcek hashtag was ranked as the second most popular worldwide trend on Twitter . The BBC issued a statement expressing concern about what it called "  the continued campaign of the Turkish authorities to discredit the BBC and intimidate its journalists . " "  A large number of threatening messages have been sent to one of our reporters , who was named and attacked on social media by the Mayor of Ankara , " wrote Peter Horrocks , Global News Director of the BBC . Horrocks maintained that BBC reporters were committed to providing "  impartial and independent journalism . " He called on the Turkish government to use "  proper channels " to make comments and complaints to the organization . For the last several years , press freedoms organizations have published a number of reports expressing alarm about the Turkish government 's record of jailing journalists . "  The government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has waged one of the world 's biggest crackdowns on press freedom in recent history , " wrote the Committee to Protect Journalists in a 2012 report . Reporters Without Borders has labeled Turkey among the world 's worst jailers of journalists , since scores of media workers are currently in prison , many of them awaiting trial on terrorism-related charges .	Ankara 's mayor has used his Twitter account to accuse a BBC correspondent of spying Mayor Ibrahim Melih Gokcek created a hashtag to spread the claims against the journalist However , online opponents mobilized their own hashtag in response to Melih Gokcek Their hashtag - accusing Melih Gocek of being a provocateur - became more widely spread
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . At 2 a.m. , most workers are asleep in their beds , blissfully unaware that their alarm clocks will sound in a few short hours . But for 41 percent of Americans this is the time of day is when they are most productive , according to a 2005 poll by the National Sleep Foundation . Some people prefer working the night shift . You can probably pick these folks out of your own office -- they 're your co-workers who slouch into work , never a minute early but often several late , bleary-eyed and lackadaisical during the earlier part of the workday . Some might call it slacking , but science calls it something else completely . Severe night-owl symptoms , also known as Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder , are a condition characterized by extreme difficulty falling asleep before 2 a.m. and trouble waking early , according to the Sleep Disorder Channel . When forced to rise in time for 9-to-5 jobs , they are rarely at their most productive . Rather than struggle by working a traditional schedule , we thought we 'd give you night owls another option : finding a career that fashions to your preferred schedules . If you 're most productive at night , check out these jobs to fit your schedule . Some of them might surprise you . 1 . Protective service workers must work around the clock to keep people and property safe . Examples of these types of positions include prison and jail security ; police officers ; correctional officers ; fire fighters ; security guards and private investigators . Training : Training varies based on your specific job title , but most protective service occupations require a high school diploma , college degree and/or on the job training . Average annual salary : Varies by position . 2 . Health-care workers are on call at all hours in hospitals , nursing homes and home health care . Nurses , doctors , aides , paramedics , surgical staff , even office assistants are among some of the staff needed for 24-hour care . Most workers favor daytime hours , however , which leaves lot many opportunities open for night shifts . Plus , those who work the graveyard shift often earn more money than daytime shifts . Training : Education varies based on position . Many positions require extensive schooling , specialized certifications and prior experience . Average annual salary : Varies by position . 3 . Air traffic controllers work basic 40-hour work weeks . But , since most control towers and centers operate 24 hours a day , seven days a week , controllers need to be available for the night shift . There are many types of controllers , including but not limited to airport tower controllers , terminal controllers , enroute controllers and radar controllers . Training : Completion of an FAA-approved education program and pre-employment test ; obtaining a school recommendation ; meeting basic qualification requirements in accordance with Federal law ; and achieving a qualifying score on the FAA-authorized pre-employment test . Average annual salary : $ 117 , 240 4 . Computer operators work evening or night shifts and weekends because many organizations use their computers all day , every day . When the computer is running , computer operators monitor the control console and respond to operating and computer messages . Training : They typically get on-the-job training to learn the employer 's equipment and routines ; length of training varies with the job and the experience of the worker . Average annual salary : $ 34,000 but will depend on size of your organization . 5 . Funeral directors are on call at all hours because they may be needed to remove remains in the middle of the night . Additionally , funeral home hours sometimes include evenings and weekends , requiring someone to be on staff . Training : State licensure ; two years formal education , an apprenticeship and passing an examination . Average annual salary : $ 87,383 6 . Casino dealers exist in casinos all over the world in the cities that never sleep . There 's always a demand for nighttime workers at the gaming tables . Training : Each casino has its own education and training requirements , but most dealers are trained on the job . Average annual salary : $ 11,442 , but dealers can double or even triple their wages with tips . 7 . Photo journalists take pictures of newsworthy happenings and must be available to photograph events whenever they happen , whether it 's in the early morning or late evening . Training : A college education with a background in journalism or photography . Average annual salary : $ 26,351 8 . Taxi drivers are in demand for other night crawlers who are either out roaming cities , clubbing or perhaps even going into work  or coming home  themselves . Training : Local governments set licensing standards and requirements for taxi drivers , which may include minimum amounts of driving experience and training . Average annual salary : $ 25,264 9 . Pastry chefs and bakers work late-night shifts in order to ensure items are fresh for the following day . Training : Many pastry chefs and bakers attend culinary school to receive specialized training . Average annual salary : $ 35,415 10 . Clinical lab technicians who work in hospitals process test results for patients , no matter what hour of the day . Sometimes , analyzing these test results are the difference between life and death . Training : A bachelor 's degree with a major in medical technology or one of the life sciences ; some places hire with only a combination of education and on-the-job or specialized training . Average annual salary : $ 31,159 Source : Bureau of Labor Statistics , CBSalary.com Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	National Sleep Foundation : 41 percent U.S. workers are most productive at night Disorder causes extreme difficulty to sleep before 2 a.m. , trouble waking early Pastry chefs , security officers , health care workers have night shifts Air traffic controllers make $ 117,000 , funeral directors make $ 87,000
Another Sherpa guide has died in Friday 's Mount Everest avalanche , bringing the death toll to 13 , a Nepalese government official said Saturday . It is the single deadliest accident on Mount Everest , officials said . Three others are missing , said Madhu Sudan Burlakoti of Nepal 's Tourism Ministry , and at least half a dozen are injured . A group of about 50 people , mostly Nepali Sherpas , were hit by the avalanche at more than 20,000 feet , said Tilak Ram Pandey of the ministry 's mountaineering department . The avalanche took place just above base camp in the Khumbu Ice Fall . Climbers and guides had been setting the ropes for the route , acclimating and preparing the camps along the route when the avalanche hit Friday , said Gordon Janow with Alpine Ascents International in Seattle . All 50 to 60 climbers were Nepalese locals and Sherpas who were taking food and supplies to the camps , Pandey said . The climbers are all now accounted for , Pandey said . "  Rescue teams have gone ... to look for the missing . " ' I did not think I would survive ' One of those who survived is Wangdi Sherpa , 26 , who was working with trekking firm Summit Treks to take 13 Britons to climb Everest . He recounted how he and others were going to set up Camp II , above base camp , when disaster struck -- and it was only by chance that he was not among the victims . "  A big piece of ice suddenly came off the mountain . I did not think I would survive . I am very happy to have survived , " said Wangdi , who has reached the mountain 's summit three times before . He and an assistant , who were attached to a safety rope , hid behind a piece of ice as the avalanche came tumbling down , he said . "  We could do that because we were in the front , " he said . "  Up to 12 of those behind us survived , but the ones after them died . Those who had already crossed ahead when the ice came off also survived . "  We stayed behind the ice for five minutes . By the time we reached base camp it was around 11 a.m. . When the ice fell we saw nothing because of the dust , " Wangdi said . ` There is always a risk of death ' This latest accident occurred during the spring climbing season , the busiest of the year . Climbers arrive in April to acclimate to the altitude before heading toward the summit of the world 's highest mountain . Ethnic Sherpas act as guides for the mostly foreign clients . Now the question is whether the planned expedition will go ahead in the wake of Friday 's tragedy . "  The Sherpas and the clients are not in a condition to talk to each other at the moment , " said Jeewan Ghimire , of Shangri La Treks . Four of his Sherpas are dead after the avalanche and one is missing . "  It could take a week more before a decision on whether the climb will go ahead will be taken , " he said . According to Ghimire , "  A distance is being maintained between the two sides . The clients will have to accept the decision of the Sherpas . " "  Our friends and brothers have died . There will be no question of doing anything without a discussion with everyone involved , " said Pasang Sherpa , who also has been to Everest before . "  This is our job , so there is always a risk of death . We can not say that there has been exploitation . " About 334 foreign climbers have been given permission to climb Everest over the next couple of months , with an estimated 400 Sherpas helping them , mountaineering official Dipendra Poudel said Friday . From May 15 to 30 is usually the best window for reaching the 29,028-foot peak . Lakpa Sherpa , who has twice reached the summit of Everest , lost his cousin Ang Kaji Sherpa on the mountain on Friday . Despite that loss , he said safety standards have improved by 80 % on what they were 10 years ago , because the Sherpas are better trained . He added , "  There is always a risk in this job . " The deadliest year was in 1996 Before Friday , the deadliest single-day toll was from an accident in May 1996 , when eight climbers disappeared when a huge storm hit . Their tragic story was chronicled in Jon Krakauer 's bestselling book "  Into Thin Air . " The deadliest year on Everest was 1996 , when 15 people died . Another 12 climbers were killed in 2006 . Until the late 1970s , only a handful of climbers reached the top each year . The number topped 100 for the first time in 1993 . By 2004 , it was more than 300 . In 2012 , the number was more than 500 . Climbers , widow recount deadly traffic jam on Everest On top of the world in 1963 Everest by the numbers	Sherpa : "  A big piece of ice suddenly came off the mountain " No decision made on whether to go ahead with the climb , says trek organizer There are now 13 people confirmed dead and three missing , an official says This is the single deadliest accident on Mount Everest ; the deadliest year was 1996
CNN  -- It may have cost a reported $ 134 million to bring Gareth Bale to Spain , but on Wednesday he scored a priceless goal as Real Madrid beat archrivals Barcelona 2-1 to win the Copa del Rey . The Welshman , who was signed from Tottenham Hotspur in September 2013 , produced a stunning solo strike to give Real their first trophy under Italian coach Carlo Ancelotti . Real 's triumph condemned Barca to three successive defeats for the first time since January 2003 and crushed the Catalan team 's final realistic chance of winning silverware this season . It capped off a miserable seven days for Gerardo Martino 's Barca , who were last week knocked out of the Champions League by Atletico Madrid before losing at Grenada in La Liga on Sunday . While Real 's big-money recruit flourished , Barca 's star signing floundered . Neymar arrived at the Nou Camp amid much fanfare last June , but the Brazilian spurned a glorious opportunity to level the match in the final moments when he fired a close-range effort against the post . The first goal of a tense contest at Valencia 's Mestalla Stadium arrived on 11 minutes after a rapid Real counter attack . Bale set Angel di Maria racing free and the Argentine composed himself before firing a low shot through goalkeeper Pinto and into the corner of the net . Pinto 's attempts to save the shot had Barca fans pining for Victor Valdes , the team 's longstanding goalkeeper who is unavailable after tearing his anterior cruciate ligament last month . Real had injury problems of their own with FIFA Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo missing through a hamstring injury , although his absence was barely felt as Los Blancos dominated the first half . Barca struggled to match their vibrant opponents , with Lionel Messi cutting a particularly forlorn figure . It looked as if Bale had doubled Real 's lead midway through the second period , but the winger saw his close-range header chalked off . Moments later , Barca found an equalizer from the unlikeliest of sources . Young defender Marc Bartra chose the perfect time to score a rare goal as he powered a firm header beyond Iker Casillas from Xavi 's 68th-minute corner . But Real , and Bale , were not to be denied . With 85 minutes on the clock and extra-time looming large , Bale unleashed a punishing burst of pace to surge past Bartra near the halfway line . Bale soared towards goal and , under pressure from the pursuing Bartra , coolly poked a shot under the advancing Pinto . Barca should have leveled in the 90th minute , but Neymar could only find the post when presented with a clear sight of goal . While Martino 's men must now contemplate a somber end to the season , Real have it all to play for . Ancelotti 's team face Bayern Munich in the Champions League semifinals , while they also sit just three points behind city rivals Atletico at the top of the La Liga table . Man City struggle Meanwhile in England , Manchester City lost ground in the Premier League title race after a 2-2 draw against bottom club Sunderland . Brazil midfielder Fernandinho got City off to the perfect start with a goal inside the opening two minutes , but Sunderland hit back in the second half with two goals from young English striker Connor Wickham . Sunderland looked to set to grab a much-needed three points , but City found a last-gasp leveler when goalkeeper Vito Mannone fumbled Samir Nasri 's tame shot into the net with two minutes remaining . The draws leaves City third in the Premier League table and hands the initiative to second-place Chelsea and leaders Liverpool in the battle for the championship . Both Chelsea and Liverpool know that they will be crowned champions if they win each of their remaining four games , with the two set to meet in what is shaping up to be a title decider on April 27 . Everton suffered a setback in the battle for the fourth and final Champions League qualification spot after losing 3-2 at home to Crystal Palace . Goals from Jason Puncheon and Scott Dann gave Palace a 2-0 lead before substitute Steven Naismith pulled a goal back for the hosts in the second half . Striker Cameron Jerome restored Palace 's two-goal lead , with the London club resisting an onslaught in the final moments after Kevin Mirallas pulled a goal back for Everton . Defeat leaves Everton in fifth place , one point behind fourth-place Arsenal with four matches remaining .	Real Madrid win the Copa del Rey after beating Barcelona 2-1 Gareth Bale scores a stunning winning goal in the 85th minute Angel di Maria put Real ahead in the first half before Marc Bartra equalized Barca lose three games in a row for the first time since January 2003
For something that predicts the future , the software is deceptively simple looking . A map of a city is marked up with small red squares , each indicating a 500-by-500-foot zone where crimes are likely to take place next . A heat-map mode shows even more precisely where cars may be stolen , houses robbed , people mugged . The program is called PredPol , and it calculates its forecasts based on times and locations of previous crimes , combined with sociological information about criminal behavior and patterns . The technology has been beta tested in the Santa Cruz , California police department for the past year , and in an L.A. police precinct for the past six months , with promising results . Predictive-analytics software is the latest piece of policing technology working its way into law-enforcement stations around the country , although it 's going up against tight budgets , bureaucracy and a culture still clinging to its analog ways . "  We had to try something because we were not being offered more cops , " said Zach Friend , a crime analyst with the Santa Cruz Police Department . Last year , Friend contacted researchers working on the algorithm -- originally used for predicting earthquake aftershocks -- after reading an article in the LA Times . Gadgets to help you survive a power outage At the time , his city had experienced a 30 % increase in crime and a 20 % decrease in police staff . He knew they had to try something . At first the Santa Cruz police department used the software to estimate where home , car and vehicle burglaries might take place , handing printouts of the maps to officers at the start of their shifts . Later it expanded it to bike thefts , battery , assault and prowling . The city has seen a 19 % reduction in burglaries over the past year . While these kinds of experiments are promising , most police stations are still a far cry from the futuristic headquarters we see on TV shows like CSI . Real police departments lag behind your typical American teenager when it comes to technology -- some police cars still record video on VHS tapes , and it 's not uncommon to fill out a police report on carbon paper . Last month , San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee announced plans to develop a smartphone app that would allow officers to file police reports from the field . But SFPD chief information officer , Susan Giffin , told the Bay Citizen the department does n't have the budget to buy smartphones on which to run the app .  San Francisco police officers only got e-mail addresses for the first time last year . Thankfully for crime fighters , it 's not all landlines , beepers and fax machines . Cool new crime-fighting technology is still being developed and tested by agencies around the country . There are gadgets such as Taser 's small wearable cameras for police and other security professionals . The units can mount on a pair of Oakley sunglasses or a shirt collar , and they have accompanying Android and iOS apps . In Southern Florida , many police departments are using portable fingerprint scanners to ID suspects and bring up any outstanding warrants on the spot . The smartphone-sized devices cost $ 2,500 apiece . A ShotSpotter system uses microphones positioned around a city to detect gunshots and triangulate their location within 40 to 50 feet . A human at ShotSpotter 's headquarters confirms if it 's a gunshot and alerts the police . The system starts at $ 40,000 for every square mile of coverage . Some of the more widely adopted tech is decidedly low-budget . Police can Google suspects and check their Facebook profiles to gather information . Friend says the Santa Cruz department has had more luck posting photos of wanted suspects to the official department Facebook page than through traditional police channels .  The unusually tech-savvy department also has a Twitter account , blog , and YouTube channel . Now predictive policing software is picking up steam , thanks to a few well-publicized test cases , low overhead and impressive drops in crime rates that , while they ca n't be directly tied to any one initiative , bode well for the maps . Hotel replaces printed Bibles with Kindles PredPol is new to the field , but IBM has been testing predictive policing software since 2010 , using databases of past crimes and information like timing and weather to identify trends and map out predictions . The company has worked with police departments in Memphis , New York City , and most recently Charleston , South Carolina . A final hurdle for all types of new technology is getting the officers themselves to adopt and use it . "  Law enforcement agencies historically are conservative in their approach to change . That includes to adopting all kinds of technology , from computers in the cars to even radios , " said Friend . A new generation of police who have grown up immersed in technology will likely help ease the transition by communicating to older officers that the new tools only enhance what they already know . Seasoned patrol cops rely on their instincts , developed over years of experience walking the same streets and patrolling familiar neighborhoods . Experts say this new technology can cut down on paperwork and make policing more efficient so the police can focus on what they do best . "  It does n't replace what they do , " said Friend of PredPol . "  When they get into those locations , they still need to be good cops . " Report : Next Kindle Fire will have camera , sharper display	Predictive analytic software PredPol anticipates future crime based upon past activity . The program was adapted from similar software meant to predict earthquake aftershocks . Many police stations still use obsolete technology due to small budgets and aversion to change . Even so , police depend heavily upon social media to solve crimes .
A journalist accused of striking Brad Pitt at the "  Maleficent " premiere is out of a job and possibly faces months in jail . Ukrainian TV reporter Vitalii Sediuk is infamous for red carpet pranks around the world , including kissing Will Smith in Moscow and hugging Leonardo DiCaprio and Bradley Cooper around the knees at separate events earlier this year . Sediuk , 25 , was fired from his reporter job with Ukrainian television channel 1 +1 after he jumped under actress America Ferrera 's dress on a Cannes red carpet on May 17 , a spokesman for the company told CNN . The TV network was not involved in his stunts , a spokesman said . He was already on three years of "  formal diversion " -- a form of probation -- in Los Angeles for crashing the Grammy stage during Adele 's acceptance last year , according to the Los Angeles city attorney 's spokesman . Prosecutors are now preparing new charges for his Hollywood arrest Wednesday , spokesman Rob Wilcox said . Sediuk is set for an initial appearance before a Los Angeles judge Friday , Wilcox said . The lawyer who represented Seduik in the Grammy case was surprised when CNN called him Thursday about the latest arrest . Sediuk is "  a real nice guy , " Anthony Willoughby said . "  I 'm really shocked that he would be accused of hitting somebody . " Pitt was signing autographs at the area of the red carpet where fans are allowed to gather when Sediuk allegedly jumped the rope and hit actor in his face , according to Los Angeles Police Sgt. Leonard Calderon . Pitt , who was there with partner Angelina Jolie , star of "  Maleficent , " continued unfazed on the carpet to give interviews . "  This was an unfortunate and inappropriate incident that is being investigated by the LAPD , " a spokesman for Disney Studio , the film 's distributor , told CNN on Thursday . Police did not say whether Pitt was punched or slapped , just that the attacker struck him in the face . He was quickly tackled by bodyguards , handcuffed by police and hauled away to jail . Sediuk was held in the LAPD 's Hollywood jail on suspicion of battery , pending $ 20,000 bond , according to online jail records . Attorney Willoughby said he had not yet been called by Sediuk for help getting out of jail , but he planned to send another lawyer to the jail to check on him . "  I 'm pretty sure they 're going to call me , " he said . When Sediuk is freed , he is barred from going near Pitt . Los Angeles police issued an emergency protective order effective for five days starting Thursday , but the actor 's lawyer can ask a judge to extend it . The prosecutor will also ask a judge to issue a stay-away order barring Sediuk from any entertainment industry events in Los Angeles , Wilcox said . Sediuk 's celebrity pranks are usually silly , attention-getting stunts that do not involve violence . Grammys stage-crasher reveals his entry plan He eluded security to get a second-row seat inside the Staples Center at the 2013 Grammy Awards , despite having no credentials . Sediuk jumped onto the stage when Jennifer Lopez announced Adele as the winner . "  I love you , Adele , " he is heard saying as the singer approached . He was arrested offstage and later prosecuted on two misdemeanor charges . He eventually accepted a plea deal for probation with the provision that he not go back to the Staples Center and stay out of trouble for three years . "  I think that the court overly protects the entertainment industry , " Willoughby told CNN . Award show and premiere producers apparently black-listed Sediuk after last year 's Grammy incident . He was denied reporter credentials to the Oscars , but he showed up anyway wearing a feathered swan outfit similar to the one worn by Björk on the 2001 Oscars red carpet . He was ordered to leave the venue after telling police it was a protest . Will Smith on the red carpet slap heard ` round the world ' His celebrity stunts apparently began when Sediuk handed Madonna an odd and unwelcomed gift of a hydrangea during a news conference at the Venice Film Festival in September 2011 . "  I absolutely loathe hydrangeas , " she said as she stuffed them under a table . Do n't buy Madonna hydrangeas Sediuk 's infamy grew in May 2012 on a Moscow red carpet where Will Smith was attending a movie premiere . Video shows Sediuk attempting to kiss the actor on the mouth . "  Come on , what the hell is your problem ? " Smith said as he pushed the reporter away and lightly slapped him . "  He 's lucky I ai n't sucker punched him . " Sediuk crawled onto a red carpet and under Ferraro 's dress at the Cannes Film Festival in France earlier this month . Video shows him being dragged away . It was this incident that cost him his job at the Ukrainian channel , the company said . Sediuk 's actions "  were neither suggested nor coordinated by the network , " 1 +1 TV spokesman Serhiy Popov told CNN on Thursday . "  Vitalii was acting on his own behalf and not on the behalf of the channel . " The network is not helping Sediuk deal with his legal problems , Popov said .	Brad Pitt gets protective order against alleged attacker Vitalii Sediuk loses his TV job after Cannes carpet stunt Sediuk is already on probation for crashing the Grammy 's stage Pitt and Angelina Jolie were at the Hollywood premiere of Jolie 's movie
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Kathleen Parker , the Pulitzer-Prize winning journalist who co-hosted CNN 's 8 p.m. show , is leaving just five months after the show debuted , the company announced Friday . "  I have decided to return to a schedule that will allow me to focus more on my syndicated newspaper column and other writings , " Parker said in a statement . She said she enjoyed her time on the show "  Parker Spitzer " with former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer , but she had missed focusing full-time on her column in the months she had been working on the show . "  With the show going in a new direction , it is a good time to move on , " Parker said . "  I want to thank the viewers who have been so kind with their comments and support . " Ken Jautz , CNN executive vice president , said a new program , called "  In the Arena , " will begin Monday . Spitzer will remain on that show , which will adopt "  an ensemble format with several newsmakers , guests and contributors joining Eliot Spitzer each night . " "  E.D. Hill and Will Cain join the program as well as others within and outside the CNN family , " Jautz said . Parker will occasionally appear on CNN to "  provide her insights and commentary , " Jautz said . "  We thank Kathleen for her hard work and all that she has done to help us launch our new 8 p.m. program , " Jautz said in a note to staff . "  We respect her as a colleague and appreciate her perspective and contributions . " Added Spitzer , "  It has been a joy working with her as a teammate , and I continue to be a huge fan of the wisdom that jumps from her written work and the wit , charm and insight she brings to all that she does . " "  Parker Spitzer " launched last September in the 8 p.m. hour . Parker is one of the nation 's most prolific and popular opinion columnists , appearing twice weekly in more than 400 newspapers . In May , she was awarded the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for Commentary for her political opinion columns .	Kathleen Parker , co-host of CNN 's 8 p.m. show , decides to leave Parker says she wants to focus on newspaper column Show "  Parker Spitzer " launched last September
CNN  -- While we do n't yet know the full scope of damages inflicted by superstorm Sandy , it is clear recovery costs in the New York region will be in the billions of dollars . According to Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , recovery after Sandy will be "  if not the most extensive and expensive , one of the most in our nation 's history . " But despite the staggering losses , the region has everything going for it to recover quickly . Disasters happen all over the world , but their impacts vary greatly , driven by the interplay between the natural environment , economic and social forces , and institutions in each country . The 2010 Haitian earthquake was devastating , killing more than 300,000 people . Haiti is the poorest nation in the Western hemisphere ; resources for construction are limited and building codes absent . Recovery has been extremely slow : Six months after the quake , about 98 % of the debris remained , making much of capital city Port-au-Prince impassable . Even two years later , up to 500,000 people were still homeless . Compared with the death toll of 300,000 in Haiti , the 1995 earthquake of nearly equal magnitude in Kobe , Japan , killed just 6,434 people . The recovery in this highly developed city was incredibly fast . Many experts in Japan predicted that it might take up to 10 years for Kobe to rebuild and for its economy to fully recover . To the surprise of many , in less than 15 months , manufacturing in greater Kobe was 98 % of its pre-earthquake trend . The rubble had been removed within just two years of the quake . While wealth is critical in protecting life and capital , other factors are also important : Well-developed insurance markets , trade openness that speeds the flow of emergency resources , and effective management in preparing and responding to disasters are also critical . The government must be effective in allocating resources and conducting recovery operations . Research shows that countries with greater local government autonomy are far more effective at protecting people in natural disasters than more centralized government systems because local authorities more familiar with local needs can respond quickly and effectively . George Horwich , who studied the Kobe earthquake , says human capability and the country 's cultural attributes are the most essential elements to quick recovery ; while individuals ' skills are very important , the relationships between people and the ability to work together are essential to community recovery and resiliency . Horwich says : "  Destroy any amount of physical capital , but leave behind a critical number of knowledgeable human beings whose brains still house the culture and technology of a dynamic economy , and the physical capital will tend to re-emerge almost spontaneously . "  Capital accumulation is especially easy the second time around because the primary goal is to duplicate an investment pattern , not design it from scratch . . Hiroshima , in which the bomb took a much larger fraction of both human and physical capital , was a bustling commercial metropolis just five years later . The German city of Aachen , reduced to rubble in World War II , did not even bother to remove the debris for some years . Instead , it moved major sections of the city and was booming again in the early 1950s . " Although Hiroshima lost many people , those who remained still possessed the essential elements needed to stage a recovery . Of course , the economy suffers in the periods immediately after a disaster . In the New York region , flood damages , limited transportation and power outages will continue to hold down productivity . But as money from insurance , savings and government begins to flow into the region , economic activity will rebound . This is not to say people will necessarily be better off , but they could be in time . Despite the damages and destruction , there may yet be a silver lining . When building and infrastructure are destroyed , superior materials and technology are often used in reconstruction . This can improve productivity in the long run . People who live in disaster-prone regions tend to invest more in education , an important driver of economic growth . Disasters also motivate people who might not normally interact with one another to work together to resolve challenges . Recent research shows how societal trust increases after disasters . After Hurricane Katrina , city leaders in New Orleans who had disagreed on how to fix the troubled New Orleans school system came together and agreed to replace it with a new structure . Two-thirds of city schools in 2004 were rated "  academically unacceptable " by the state . By 2010 , only 4 in 10 were rated that way , and the percentage of students attending a low-performing school had been cut in half . The New York region has as all the essential elements required for a quick recovery : one of the most highly educated populations in the world , relatively nimble and autonomous state and local governments , highly developed insurance markets , and excellent infrastructure and trade linkAGES to speed the inflow of resources . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Skidmore	Mark Skidmore : Disaster 's impact depends on where the devastation occured He says despite staggering loss , N.Y. region has everything going for it to recover Skidmore : Economies suffer in the periods immediately after a disaster But as money from insurance and government flow into the region , economy will rebound
CNN  -- Hong Kong restaurateur Yenn Wong got quite a surprise one morning earlier this month . The co-founder of popular Hong Kong restaurant Chachawan Isaan Thai and Bar , Wong woke up and logged onto her computer to find a friend had forwarded her multiple images of a second Chachawan restaurant in Shanghai . In addition , Chachawan 's Facebook page was filled with enthusiastic inquiries asking if the shop had opened a new branch in Shanghai . Wong looked closely at the pictures online . The Shanghai Chachawan bore the hallmarks of her successful Hong Kong eatery . It had the same exterior look and feel as the Hong Kong shop . Even the menu , focusing on northeastern Thai -- or Isaan -- cuisine , looked the same . Opened earlier this month , the Shanghai restaurant had already earned scores of 5/5 stars from six of its eight reviewers on Dianping , China 's crowd-sourced food forum . Given that she had no plans to expand her operations to Shanghai , the copycat Chachawan stunned Wong . "  It is extremely disappointing to see the restaurant in China has used not just the Chachawan name , but also our exact logo and font which was designed specially for us , " Wong tells CNN . "  They have also used a very similar retro-poster theme for their interior and marketing materials , as well as other elements of our interiors , " says Wong . "  We feel this is such a disrespect to the hard work and creativity that our own team , graphic designers and local artists have put into Chachawan Hong Kong . " A collaboration between Wong and chef Adam Cliff , Chachawan gained instant popularity upon its opening in 2013 and has remained one of the hottest no-reservation restaurants in Hong Kong . Shanghai Chachawan claims no knowledge of original restaurant Both the manager and a staff member at the Shanghai Chachawan tell CNN they have no idea about the existence of the Hong Kong Chachawan . To their knowledge , theirs is the only Chachawan in China , they say . The manager , surnamed Guo , said the restaurant 's name and logo are the responsibility of a marketing department manager who was not made available for contact . "  I 'm surprised that they say they have no idea about Chachawan since the owners have dined at Chachawan -LSB- in Hong Kong -RSB- , and in fact had formal meetings with chef Adam Cliff and owner Yenn Wong in April this year , expressing their interest in taking the concept to -LSB- mainland China -RSB- , which was declined , " says Kiri Sinclair , a public relations spokesperson for Chachawan in Hong Kong . Knockoff 2.0 Long known for knockoff smartphones , designer clothing and luxury hangbags , mainland China 's copycat profiteers have in recent years moved into the business of counterfeiting whole shops and brand identities . A 2011 blog post depicting the brilliant ripoff of an Apple Store in Kunming -- which copied nearly every element of the store , including the friendly blue-shirted staff -- went viral , leading to a reported government clampdown . Some 22 illegal stores were identified and forbidden to use the Apple logo . Chachawan is n't the first restaurant to suffer the indignity of a mainland knockoff . Japanese cheesecake shop Uncle Rikuro found an unlicensed chain of Rikuro bakeries operating in various cities in China , attracting long queues of gulled fans . More than 200 "  Rikuro " stores are still operating in China . Chinese restaurants are also imitated . After Chinese President Xi Jinping was spotted lining up for steamed dumplings at one of Beijing 's Qing-feng steamed dumpling chain shops , the store began attracting even longer-than-usual queues ... as well as imitators . A Qing-feng dumpling shop in Zhengzhou was discovered shortly thereafter to be operating without a franchise agreement from the original store , nor a proper business license . Legal recourse Though it has n't yet taken action against its imitator , the Chachawan team in Hong Kong says it 's seeking legal advice . The difficulty in pursuing legal action in China often stems from lack of awareness about steps needed to protect one 's trademark . "  Generally speaking , a lot of people do n't understand the concept of registering the name of their restaurant or store as a trademark , " says Hong Kong-based Rosita Li , an intellectual property partner in global law firm Mayer Brown JSM . . "  Even if they understand the concept , they may just have registered their name in the location where they have operations . It never occurs to them that there may be people copying their name . "  And it 's difficult to prove your name is well-known in China , where the threshold is high , as well . " According to Dr. Yahong Li , an associate professor of law at Hong Kong University , attaining legal redress in such cases in China is often difficult . "  Chachawan can take legal action only if it has registered its trademark in China , or can prove that its mark is well-known in China , " Dr. Li tells CNN . "  Otherwise , it has a very slim chance to win and I do not recommend suing . " To Chachawan 's owners , however , the issue has moral as well as financial implications . "  We serve authentic Isaan cuisine and the concept was put together exclusively by myself and Yenn Wong after a great deal of research and my own experience of having worked and lived in Thailand , " says chef Adam Cliff . "  It is upsetting to have someone else ride on the reputation and success that has come from so much hard work , creativity and passion . " CNN 's Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	An unauthorized version of popular Hong Kong Thai restaurant Chachawan has opened in Shanghai Despite near-identical signage and menu , manager from replica Chachawan says he has no knowledge of the original restaurant In addition to fake luxury goods , copycat shops and restaurants lifting entire brand identities are now found in China
Pixley , California  CNN  -- In "  the nation 's salad bowl , " as California 's Central Valley is often called , fresh produce grows in abundance . But for many area residents , healthy food is out of reach . "  Here we are in this agriculturally rich area and yet people who live here and work here are hungry , are impoverished , " said Sarah Ramirez , an educator who grew up in the area . "  Some  are working in the fields that feed the entire country and then they do n't have the resources to support them and their health . It 's heartbreaking . " For the last two years , Ramirez has been on a mission to build a healthier community in her impoverished hometown of Pixley . She and her husband launched Be Healthy Tulare , a grass-roots movement to collect produce that would otherwise go to waste and get it to neighbors in need . The group is named for the county where Pixley is located . "  Looking outside and seeing trees just loaded with fruit , I was just feeling like , why are n't we connecting these pieces ? " Ramirez said . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes Twice a month , Ramirez and volunteers gather fruit and vegetables from farms and backyard trees . They glean from growers and residents who contact them about their excess produce . The group then provides the bounty to a local food bank that distributes it to families in need . So far this year , Ramirez said , she and her group have collected and donated 20,000 pounds of produce . Connecting the dots Growing up the daughter of farm workers , Ramirez watched her family 's health suffer . "  In my own family I have witnessed young family members die of preventable diseases , " she said . While she was attending college in northern California , she began working at a free health clinic in Sacramento . "  I realized that the illnesses and conditions I was seeing there were not that different from what I saw at home . And I began to ask ... why . " In Tulare County , 73 % of adults are either overweight or obese , according to a recent California Health Interview Survey . Many community members do not own a vehicle or have easy access to public transportation , Ramirez said . The result : People are not getting the quality foods that often grow nearby . "  There is n't a full service grocery store that provides the best and most wholesome food at affordable prices here in the community , " Ramirez said . While working toward her master 's degree and , ultimately , her Ph.D. , Ramirez worked part-time as Tulare County 's epidemiologist . With a background in public health and cultural studies , she saw the link between food insecurity and the high rates of obesity and diabetes . "  I 've talked to a lot of people who end up being referred to me ... because they have chronic diseases or their children have chronic diseases , " Ramirez said . "  I lost count of how many 4-year-olds  I was  seeing with high cholesterol or how many people  came  in due to obesity . I 've had moments in the clinic where I have people literally cry because they tell me they ca n't afford to eat well or eat healthy . " When Ramirez set out to help her community , she gathered residents and asked them for their input . By involving them in her efforts , she aims to instill hope and dignity . "  We wanted to start a project where the community sees the value of their own experiences , " she said . A community of change In addition to salvaging produce , residents learn how to live a healthy life . The group runs a community garden , a fitness program and nutrition classes that Ramirez calls "  food labs . " "  This is an educational opportunity to find out how to use foods we grow in the garden , " she said . "  I like to have community members offer their own recipes . I welcome the community to teach as well . We want everyone to feel involved . " Adults and children participate in the food labs , and generations of families get involved . "  Grandma will bring a potluck , and the rest of the family -- and community -- will enjoy the meal , " Ramirez said . For Ramirez , it 's about creating a sense of belonging and purpose in her community . "  It 's not about us looking for someone else to come in and save these communities , " she said . "  It 's how we recognize that the people here already matter , that they have value . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Be Healthy Tulare website at www.behealthytulare.com and see how to help .	California is "  nation 's salad bowl " but many do n't have access to fresh produce Sarah Ramirez 's Be Healthy Tulare collects excess fruit and vegetables That produce , which would otherwise go to waste , is delivered to those in need Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Three debates down . Two weeks of campaigning to go . President Barack Obama put Republican challenger Mitt Romney on the defensive on foreign policy in the final presidential debate Monday night , with analysts and an immediate poll giving Obama the victory . With 15 days before the November 6 vote , the candidates now hit the road for the final sprint to Election Day -- focusing on the handful of vital battleground states that could decade the closely contested race . Obama kicks off his "  America Forward " tour Tuesday with events in Florida and Ohio , where he will be joined by Vice President Joe Biden , while Romney and his running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan , campaign in Nevada and Colorado . In Monday 's debate , Obama sought to highlight his experience after nearly four years leading the nation 's military and foreign policy efforts . Romney , a former governor with less foreign policy experience , tried to paint Obama as an ineffective leader even as he expressed agreement with many of the administration 's steps in Syria , Iran and other hotspots . Were your questions answered ? Share your reactions to the final debate . Analysts agreed that Obama won on points , but questioned if the result would have a big impact on voters and the race as a whole . "  There 's no question debate coaches would score this one for the president , " said CNN Chief National Correspondent John King , while CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen said Obama "  dominated the middle of the debate " and emerged as the winner . Both King and Gergen agreed that Romney avoided sounding like an overzealous advocate of military action -- which is how Obama and Democrats seek to portray him . Alex Castellanos , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor , conceded Obama "  won tonight on points , no doubt about it , " but added that Romney showed the leadership style of a commander-in-chief to demonstrate that making a change in the White House would be safe . A CNN/ORC International poll of people who watched the debate showed 48 % favored Obama compared to 40 % for Romney , numbers barely within the margin of error range of plus-or-minus 4.5 % . Another poll by CBS scored it a clear victory for Obama . At the same time , the CNN/ORC poll showed viewers thought Romney established credibility as a leader , which former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor , said was very important . "  This is n't going to change the trajectory of the result , " Fleischer said , noting that 24 % of those questioned said the debate made them more likely to vote for Obama while 25 % said it nudged them toward Romney , and 50 % said they were not influence either way . The poll also reinforced a gender gap in the race , with women favoring Obama as a strong leader by 59 % to 39 % , while men chose Romney by 53 % to 43 % . Obama needs to repeat the strong support from women voters -- who comprise half the electorate -- that helped him win in 2008 . The third and final face-to-face showdown occurred with the candidates running even in national polls and the race hinging on a handful of battleground states -- particularly Ohio , Florida and Virginia . According to the latest polls , Obama has a slight lead in Ohio . Romney is ahead in Florida , and Virginia is a dead heat . In the debate , Obama more than once sought to highlight Romney 's lack of foreign policy experience . The president took a jab at his challenger 's world view -- paying him a backhanded compliment for his analysis of the threat of terrorism to the United States . "  Governor Romney , I 'm glad that you recognize that al Qaeda is a threat , because a few months ago when you were asked what 's the biggest geopolitical threat facing America , you said Russia , not al Qaeda ; you said Russia , " Obama said , adding that "  the 1980s , they 're now calling to ask for their foreign policy back because , you know , the Cold War 's been over for 20 years . " Romney countered that in that speech , he had argued Iran was the nation 's greatest security threat and identified Russia as a "  geopolitical foe . " "  Attacking me is not talking about how we 're going to deal with the challenges that exist in the Middle East , and take advantage of the opportunity there , and stem the tide of this violence , " he said . Romney added that Obama 's foreign affairs policies have made the United States less respected and more vulnerable , particularly as it relates to Iran . "  I think from the very beginning , one of the challenges we 've had with Iran is that they have looked at this administration , and felt that the administration was not as strong as it needed to be , " Romney said . Romney also repeatedly tried to shift the discussion to his strongest issue -- the continued high unemployment and slow economic recovery under Obama -- arguing that a strong foreign policy and national defense depends on a strong economy . "  We want to end those conflicts to the extent humanly possible , " Romney said . "  But in order to be able to fulfill our role in the world , America must be strong . America must lead . And for that to happen , we have to strengthen our economy here at home . " Romney also accused Obama of supporting policies that undermine the nation 's military preparedness . "  Our Navy is smaller now than at any time since 1917 , " the Republican nominee said , also noting that "  our Air Force is older and smaller than at any time since it was founded in 1947 . " Obama fired back , suggesting Romney "  maybe has n't spent enough time looking at how our military works . " "  You mentioned the Navy , for example , and that we have fewer ships than we did in 1916 , " Obama said . "  Well , governor , we also have fewer horses and bayonets because the nature of our military has changed . " Sarcastically noting that the Navy now has "  these things called aircraft carriers , where planes land on them " as well as "  ships that go underwater , nuclear submarines , " Obama concluded that "  the question is not a game of ` Battleship , ' where we 're counting ships -- it 's what are our capabilities . " How foreign policy hits close to home Romney applauded the Obama-approved mission that killed Osama bin Laden and his efforts to take out other al Qaeda leaders but insisted that "  we ca n't kill our way out of this mess . " Rather , he pushed for "  a comprehensive strategy " to curb violent extremism in the Middle East . "  The key that we 're going to have to pursue is a -- is a pathway to get the Muslim world to be able to reject extremism on its own , " Romney said , proposing U.S. policies to promote economic development , better education , gender equity and to help create institutions . However , he was unable to express any significant policy difference with Obama on how that would happen . Obama responded by criticizing his opponent on a host of foreign policy issues -- claiming Romney had favored positions that would have hurt the United States or offered sometimes contradictory views . "  What we need to do with respect to the Middle East is strong , steady leadership -- not wrong and reckless leadership that is all over the map , " the president said . Read the full debate transcript Romney 's economic plan seeks trillions in tax cuts while increasing defense spending , which would increase the deficit , Obama said . For his part , Romney repeatedly shifted back to his stump speech criticism of the nation 's sluggish economic recovery under Obama 's policies , which he says have hindered growth through high taxes and onerous regulations . The candidates were at odds as well about how Washington should ultimately respond to the continuing violence in Syria . Checking the candidates ' facts on foreign policy and national security Talking about the need to provide those fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces with arms , Romney said the Democratic incumbent has not done enough to curb violence that has left tens of thousands of people dead and also destabilized the region . "  We should be playing the leadership role , " Romney said . That precipitated a quick response from Obama , who pointed to American efforts to organize international efforts to address the issue as well as its support for opposition factions . "  We are making sure that those we help will be our friends  in the future  , " he said . A strong performance by Romney against a lackluster Obama in the first debate October 3 in Denver helped the GOP challenger tighten the race and even pass the president in some polls . Where they stand : Candidates and issues The president fought back to win the second debate last week in New York , according to polls and pundits , setting up Monday night 's showdown at Lynn University in Boca Raton , Florida , moderated by CBS News Chief Washington Correspondent Bob Schieffer . Until recently , polls showed Obama ahead of the former governor on foreign relations issues , and the Romney campaign has mounted pointed attacks in an attempt to narrow the president 's advantage . Other issues discussed in the debate included Iran 's nuclear ambitions , China and the war in Afghanistan . Both candidates pledged to support Israel if the Jewish state comes under attack , and Romney backed the 2014 date set by Obama and NATO for withdrawing combat troops from Afghanistan . Romney has landed blows thus far in the campaign by promoting his own business background while arguing that continued high unemployment and sluggish growth showed failed policies under the president . CNN/Google Campaign Explorer : Ads , money and travel In a major foreign policy address on October 8 , Romney promoted a traditional U.S. foreign policy dating back decades , based on exerting global influence through military and economic power . While the speech sought to distinguish himself from Obama on foreign policy , specific proposals he cited then were similar to what the administration is doing . Obama 's campaign has accused Romney of shifting positions on foreign policy matters and mishandling a trip to England , Israel and Poland this summer when he publicly questioned London 's preparedness to host the Olympic Games and cited cultural differences as a reason for economic disparities between Israelis and Palestinians . Defense : $ 2 trillion divides Obama and Romney CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Barack Obama and Mitt Romney head to battleground states CNN/ORC poll shows President Obama , Mitt Romney benefit from their final debate Obama says Romney 's policies are "  all over the map " Romney says the United States is less respected now than four years ago
CNN  -- Certain people exude such a powerful presence that they can absolutely captivate you within the very first moment of meeting them . When I was introduced to Bill Thomas at a conference , he was that kind of mesmerizing . A fortysomething , Harvard-trained doctor casually dressed in jeans and Birkenstocks , he took the stage and spoke passionately -- with an actor 's eloquence -- about aging . He laid out a vast and ambitious plan for how America could transform the experience of growing older , of what it means to be well , and of how we care for people in their seventies , eighties , and nineties . He argued that the medical system , the elder-care system , and the nursing home system have to evolve : "  Aging should be conceived of as an era of continual growth and renewal , rather than a period of decline , " he said . He had absolute clarity in every part of his argument , and his energy was both motivating and mobilizing . When I talked to him after his session , I asked , "  Bill , how do you describe your purpose in life ? " He answered , spontaneously and effortlessly , "  To bring respect back to elderhood in America . " In eight words , he captured his entire life 's work . Bill reminded me that the first step in living your purpose is to distill it . This very act sets an accurate compass heading . It shapes your choices , tells you what is important , and helps you separate the merely interesting from the truly crucial . How to find your company 's purpose So how might you go about finding your purpose in a way that 's as compelling as Bill 's ? How do you find a due north course for yourself , or your tribe , or your entire company -- a course that you may sometimes veer from , but that always draws you back to center ? Over the years , I 've worked with leaders from Apple , IBM , Nike , Facebook , and numerous other companies on making this journey . As we begin to imagine -- or reimagine -- the company 's purpose , the process typically begins with looking at the intersection of several key truths : - What does the world hunger for ? What does it desire ? What does it need or suffer from a lack of ? - What are the unique talents of the organization ? - Who has the company timelessly been ? - And who must it fearlessly become ? A company 's purpose lies at the center of these four forces . To discover it , we incite debate , storytelling , self-examination , study sessions in the historical archives , musings about the future . We help leaders in these companies find what they truly care about . That work of introspection and getting to clarity is rarely easy . But it is almost always rewarding . Once defined , purpose informs a company 's every move . It adds meaning and mindfulness to day-to-day operations and motivation that goes far beyond . How to find your personal purpose What 's interesting is that this method , which works so well for finding a compass heading for a company , also works for individuals . To define your personal purpose , start with these questions : - How will the world be better off , thanks to you having been on this earth ? - What are your unique gifts and superpowers ? - Who have you been when you 've been at your best ? - Who must you fearlessly become ? At the intersection of these four questions lies your personal purpose . The questions are deceptively simple , and you might be tempted to rush through them . To really do the task justice -- and to do yourself justice -- you have to peel away the layers of your self-conception . You have to get beyond that image you 've made for yourself that you so strongly defend . And you have to get at what is actually true . The tension among your answers reveals as much as the commonalities . Lean into it . This process may take days . It may obsess your thinking for weeks . For some , it takes years to unfold . There is no magical timeline . Move at your own pace . The same process holds true whether you 're a leader doing the hard work of articulating a purpose for your organization or you 're an individual ready to live a more directed life . So let me return to my story about Bill Thomas . At the end of our conversation , he said to me , "  What would you say your purpose is , Keith ? " I thought about it a bit , then started to talk : "  I work with companies as they go through deep , formative periods of transformation . I work with CEOs to help mobilize people during those times of change . Along the way , I help them see things from new vantage points , and then help those institutions rise to the challenge ... " I kept talking , but Bill politely interrupted . "  Keith , way too much ! It does n't sound like you 're very clear about what your personal purpose is . " I was stumped . His reaction made me reflect . I consider myself a fairly self-aware and mindful person  do n't we all ?  , and I thought I was pretty clear about why I 've been put on this earth . But Bill pointed out something powerful . The work of introspection is put into action only once you 've succinctly put your purpose into words . After leaving the conference , I spent a few weeks crafting what I believe my purpose is . "  To help people aspire , then be , great . " And then , coincidentally -- or perhaps there are no true coincidences -- 99U asked me to write this essay . Putting purpose into action Once you 've vocalized your unique purpose , how exactly does it play out ? How do you put it into action ? I like the way Richard Leider , one of the world 's foremost experts on purpose , describes how to approach the next step . He defines purpose as being in the right place with the people who matter to you , doing your life 's work . So the endeavor becomes , in Richard 's words , to "  pack " and "  repack " one 's life -- discarding ideas , thoughts , duties , old baggage about relationships , in favor of packing the things you truly need to be at your best in life . I am constantly humbled at how purpose drives the people and companies I admire : Casey Sheahan served as the CEO of outdoor clothing pioneer Patagonia for a decade . In his post , he was responsible not only for the financial health of the company but also for charting its positive impact in the world . His personal purpose is about helping people live a mindful existence -- that is , to bring thoughtfulness and intentionality to their work and play . Meanwhile , Patagonia 's purpose is to "  build the best product , cause no unnecessary harm , and use business to inspire and implement solutions to the environmental crisis . " With both his personal and business purposes aligned , Casey created a company culture that continues to make Patagonia the proof of concept for a different kind of compassionate business . Ask : How can your personal purpose align with your organization 's purpose to create the conditions to do good in the world ? Bill McDonough -- the sui generis thinker behind the cradle-to-cradle design approach -- demonstrates a commitment to his personal purpose of creating a sustainable planet in how feverishly he lives it out . He crisscrosses the globe . He 's in China one day helping to build sustainable cities , and speaking to young architects about how to rethink energy efficiency on the next . One day he 's with the CEO of Ford Motor Company discussing different kinds of transportation , and the next he 's researching the chemical composition of building materials to create ones that are healthy for the planet . Ask : Can you live your purpose in a more all-encompassing way ? Artist , architect , and activist Maya Lin 's purpose shows up not only in what she makes but also in what she chooses not to make . She spends her time focused solely on the projects and causes that allow her to grow and contribute . She says "  no " to the rest . Restraint and discipline come to those who are clear about their purpose in life . Ask : What does your purpose reveal about what you should stop doing ? In the start-up realm of Silicon Valley , companies live or die by how quickly they move and act . But for Dave Morin -- one of Facebook 's most impactful early employees and today the founder of mobile social network Path -- smart is more important than fast . In order to help his company live up to its purpose of creating technologies that bring us closer to the people we love , he has started a "  slow product movement " -- a mindful practice that is not about speed of product development but the quality of the things he develops . Ask : What does your purpose imply you must be patient about ? Purpose drives impact , impact rewards purpose Purpose compels you to act . It brings into focus the things that matter most . I asked Bill Thomas how he 's made so many strides in advancing his cause over the years . His response : "  I entertain the conversations , meetings , relationships that are most in line with my purpose over any other activity . Frankly , life is simply too short to fritter away your time chasing things that do n't matter to you . Or to the world . " And here is the most interesting bit : The impact you have in the world also affirms your purpose . Impact justifies purpose . It fuels purpose . It empowers you to live your purpose more boldly every day . This is how everyday people can achieve extraordinary things . We listen to that purpose . We achieve things because of our purpose . And that in turn makes each of us hungry to live by our purpose even more . In our own humble way , this is how people become great . Will you take the next step ? Will you invest the time to find your personal purpose ? Will you gather your colleagues to define the purpose of your organization ? In that move , greatness emerges . Read more : The surprising benefits of doing nothing 9 awesome ` schools ' that will help you master life Introverts ' secrets of success	Leadership expert Keith Yamashita says finding your purpose brings into focus what matters most When you apply that to your career it shapes your choices and helps you separate interesting from crucial Yamashita lays out a series of questions to help you find your purpose -- and live it Yamashita has worked with Apple , Nike , Ebay and Facebook on similar issues
CNN  -- The drama of the action in-and-around the golf course has enraptured fans of the game through the generations and around the world . But the same drama that pulls in the crowds has also provided rich material for filmmakers too . Stars of the screen including Dean Martin , Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy have all starred in club-themed movies , as have more contemporary celebrities like Adam Sandler , Bill Murray , Chevy Chase and Will Smith . Though the stories committed to celluloid vary in their approach - from The Stooges comedic farce entitled "  Three Little Beers , " to the Ben Hogan biopic "  Follow the Sun , " - the central attraction of golf remains at all the film 's core . Here is CNN 's best ten golf movies ever made - do you agree with our selection ? If there is another film you feel should be included then add your comments to the Sound Off below .	The drama and comedy of golf has provided great material for film makers Funny films Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore lead the list Dean Martin , Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn all starred down the years SOUND OFF - Do you agree with the ten movies CNN has picked ?
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Andrew on Wednesday defended comments he made suggesting the United States might have been better off had its leaders learned from the British experience with colonialism before invading Iraq . Prince Andrew says he has accepted that his comments could be interpreted as controversial . "  The fact is that we have learned , sometimes at our expense , in the years when we were a colonial power , " he told CNN . "  So there may or may not have been things and ideas that were of valid use to what was going on at that particular time . " The 47-year-old prince , in Atlanta on a 10-day U.S. tour to promote British business , said the two countries are closely allied . "  We 've been allies , for goodness ' sake , for how long ? " he said . Watch him discuss his new role " "  We are now working very much more closely together than we have over the centuries , apart from when we were very , very close during the second World War . " The Duke of York cited U.S.-British anti-terrorism efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan as an area where the two countries are working together to promote stability and change . The New York Times last week quoted the prince as saying there are "  occasions when people in the U.K. would wish that those in responsible positions in the U.S. might listen and learn from our experiences . " He added , "  If you are looking at colonialism , if you are looking at operations on an international scale , if you are looking at understanding each other 's culture , understanding how to operate in a military insurgency campaign -- we have been through them all . " The problems faced by U.S. war planners in Iraq have bred "  healthy skepticism " toward what comes out of Washington , he told the newspaper . In his CNN interview Wednesday , Andrew said he did not consider those comments controversial when he made them , but has since accepted how they could be interpreted that way . Still , the Falklands War veteran who served 22 years in the Royal Navy added , "  You have to take the bashes with the good bits , and I 've got a thick skin . " Asked whether he believes the situation in Iraq is improving , Andrew said he could not answer what he described as "  almost a university Ph.D. question . " "  I do n't think I can possibly predict those sorts of ways that governments work to each other , " he said . "  I 'm only a small cog in a very , very large machine . " The main purpose of his visit is to promote business investment in Britain , he said . Of the approximately 1,000 investment projects that were begun last year in Britain , more than half came from the United States , resulting in the addition of more than 32,000 jobs , he said . "  Now I realize that what keeps us all going is international commerce , it 's global trade , " he said . "  In some cases , politics keeps a lot of people thinking , but what actually makes the world go round is the commerce that goes on . " E-mail to a friend	Prince told newspaper that U.S. leaders "  might learn from our experiences " He says he did not consider those comments controversial when he made them Prince Andrew : "  I 've got a thick skin " He says Britain and the U.S. are working much closer together than in the past
CNN  -- Along the Rust Belt and in cities dotting the Northeast and Upper Midwest , Catholic communities are mourning the loss of parishes . It 's a five-year trend of sweeping church closures that most recently hit Cleveland , Ohio . St. James parish in Lakewood , Ohio , is slated to close . The interior replicates a 16th-century Sicilian cathedral . Wally Martens , a Cleveland native , can look out his kitchen window and see the spiritual home that has served his family for five generations . St. Ignatius of Antioch has been with him and his loved ones through life and death . "  It 's the place where most of us were baptized , most of us got married , most of us graduated from grade school and some of us were buried , " Martens , 68 , said of the west side urban parish that serves 1,200 households . To find out that the building is set to be shuttered is "  like losing somebody in your family . " Earlier this month , Bishop Richard G. Lennon of the Diocese of Cleveland , which serves more than 750,000 Catholics , announced that 29 parishes will close and 41 others will merge . The reconfiguration plan , which will effectively cut 52 parishes in the current tally of 224 , is scheduled to go into effect by June 30 , 2010 . "  Closing a parish is very emotional , " Bishop Lennon said in a written statement . "  I have personally experienced the closing of my own childhood parish in Boston , which members of my family helped establish in 1914 . ... I pray that my decisions will serve the needs of this Diocese and its people . " Parishioners speak out on closings " Other cities that have had waves of closures have included places as various as Camden , New Jersey ; Allentown , Pennsylvania ; and New York City . All of this comes at a time when the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life reports that Catholicism in America has lost more affiliated members than any other faith tradition . There are reportedly 67.1 million Catholics in the U.S. , according to The Official Catholic Directory 2008 . Compared to the 2007 number of 67.5 , that 's about a 400,000 decrease in one year . And the Pew Forum found that approximately a third of its survey respondents who were raised in the Roman Catholic Church no longer attend the church . What drove the decision to close parishes in Cleveland were population shifts to outlying areas , financial strains that have 42 percent of parishes "  operating in the red " and priest shortages , diocese spokesman Robert Tayek explained . The bishop , he said , is trying to find "  an equitable solution . " But the announcement has raised many questions . Among them : What happens to the struggling neighborhoods that have come to rely on outreach and programs offered by some of these inner-city parishes ? "  Too many bishops are treating parishes as if they were Starbucks franchises , " said Sister Christine Schenk , a Cleveland-area nun who 's been fighting for nearly two decades to institute change in the church through her organization FutureChurch . "  It 's about more than money . It 's about mission to the people , " she said . "  This is n't what Jesus would do . " The Rev. Bob Begin of Saint Colman could n't agree more . "  The founder of our church started his mission by saying , ' I came to bring good news to the poor , ' " said Begin , who described his parish as serving about 1,300 people in a community where the average income is below $ 20,000 . Saint Colman , which is slated to merge with another parish elsewhere , gets daily knocks on its doors from nearby residents , many of them immigrants from 25 different countries , who are in need of all kinds of assistance , he said . "  If this parish were n't involved in bringing good news to the poor , I would not spend a lick of energy trying to keep it open , " the pastor said . "  But because it is bringing good news to the poor , then I have a responsibility to guard and defend this mission against anyone who threatens it . " His parish and others affected by the recent announcement had until 5 p.m. Friday to file an appeal with the diocese . According to The Plain Dealer , which conducted a survey of the parishes , at least 11 had filed as of Friday morning . The diocese itself refused to comment on numbers . For those who did n't file , the bishop 's decision is final . But if what happened in Boston , Massachusetts , is any indication , no parish should count on the appeal working . Bishop Lennon came to Cleveland from the Archdiocese of Boston , where he oversaw the reorganization and closure of parishes and came under harsh criticism from many . One such critic was Peter Borré , chairman of the Council of Parishes , a Boston-based advocacy group for imperiled parishes . In 2004 , within months of the Archdiocese of Boston announcing it would pay a settlement of $ 85 million to more than 500 alleged sex abuse victims , 83 parishes were put on the chopping block , "  which was a head spinner , " Borré said . In the end , because of his organization 's relentless efforts , Borré said , only 60 parishes were cut . His group coordinated around-the-clock vigils or sit-ins that are ongoing , four and a half years later , in five Boston-area parishes . He also has led the charge to navigate the appeal process for nine parishioner groups that have now taken their battle all the way up to the Apostolic Signatura , or , as Borré called it , the "  Vatican Supreme Court . " The assumption is that the highest level of the Vatican will deny the appeals this spring , but Borré said it is important to him and the others to fight as far as they can go . "  Other than vigils , this is the only step still open to us , " he said . "  Secondly , we are the lead dog on this sled . We are the first that has experienced this phenomenon , and we have made it a self-appointed task to let the rest of America know what to expect . " As of Friday morning , eight Cleveland parishes had reached out to Borré for language to help in their appeals . Others likely drafted letters of their own . But some affected parishes had no intention of fighting . Ray Daull , 68 , a deacon at Christ the King in Cleveland Heights says a merger , which will combine his parish with three others , is a good thing . It 'll be sad to see his church of 52 years go , but given its deficit and shrinking attendance , with a merger , "  We will have more resources ... and the money can go into doing our work , " he said . But for parishes such as St. Ignatius of Antioch , the one Wally Martens can see from his window , accepting the end is not yet possible . "  There was a general gasp , and then sadness turned to madness , " the Rev. James McGonegdal , Marten 's pastor of 20 years , said of the announcement he made at Mass on March 15 . "  Some of the parishes knew they 'd be closing , whereas for St. Ignatius and a couple other parishes , it was almost like a sudden death . You grieve in a different way . " A standing-room only crowd poured into the parish last Sunday to show growing support . Martens said in a week 's time , $ 900,000 had been pledged to finance the church and send a message to the diocese . For Martens ' 92-year-old mother , Pauline , pondering life without her parish is unthinkable . For most of her life , it 's the only one she 's known . "  I just thought the church would go on forever , " she said . "  I expected to be buried from there . But I guess the way things are going , I just do n't know what 'll happen to me . "	Parish closures hit Catholic communities across the Northeast and Upper Midwest Diocese of Cleveland is most recent one to announce sweeping changes Parishioners worry about the inner-city poor that rely on church outreach "  This is n't what Jesus would do , " says a nun-turned-activist
CNN  -- Consider for a moment how much Google knows about you . Depending on what services you use , it might have a record of every word or phrase you 've searched , locations you visit the most and where you are right now , your scheduled meetings and trips , and any other information buried in e-mails . Some might find it unsettling that a $ 265 billion tech company in California knows them so intimately , but Google is working hard to use that data to deliver more personalized products , not just targeted ads . On Monday , Google 's predictive search feature Google Now finally rolls out for iPhone and iPad users as an update to the existing Google Search app . The tool , which has been available for Android devices since last summer , uses the wealth of data Google has about an individual to serve up information it thinks he or she will find useful at the moment it 's most needed . On a typical weekday morning , Google Now might automatically show the weather where you live , the traffic for your morning commute and the final Giants score from the night before . If you have a trip planned , it can display your flight status , when you need to leave to get to the airport , relevant currency conversions , directions to the hotel and nearby landmarks to visit at your destination . Each nugget of information displayed is called a card , and the types of cards a person sees depends on what Google services he or she chooses to tie into the app . Your search history tells Google Now what you 're interested in , including what sports teams you follow , music you listen to , stocks you own and the news you are most likely to follow . You can train Google Now over time by swiping away any cards that you do n't want . "  We 're providing answers before you 've even asked the question , " said Tamar Yehoshua , Google 's director of product development . Using your phone 's location information , it can show train times when you get close to a station , concerts coming to a venue near you , photogenic landmarks in the vicinity , and suggest events in the area to check out . One of the most promising tie-ins is to Gmail . Confirmation e-mails for restaurants , flights , hotel bookings , concerts or other ticketed events and shopping receipts are easily lost in the inbox . Google Now identifies these types of e-mails and turns them into cards , so you can track a package you 're waiting for or use your phone as a boarding pass at the airport . For now the most intriguing features are tied to travel , where Google Now helps juggle reservations and also shares local information you might find in a guidebook . You can choose what services to use with Google Now , so if the idea of Google parsing your e-mails sounds like an invasion of privacy , you can limit it to just Web history and location information . Google already uses a lot of this data to serve ads in Gmail and on search results . These types of apps are sometimes compared to personal assistants , someone working in the background to keep your schedule in check and make sure you have the information needed to coast through a busy day . There are other predictive assistant apps such as Grokr and Osito that you can give access to your e-mail and calendar information , but for many , Google products are already integrated into every part of their lives . According to comScore , Google apps were four of the top five most downloaded apps across both operating systems in 2012 , coming in after Facebook . Google is also in a unique position to know what information people are most interested in seeing and when they want it based on the giant volume of Web searches processed by the search engine daily . According to Yehoshua , only 16 % of the queries entered into Google in a given day are searches it has never seen before . Google Now has been called a Siri competitor . Like Apple 's voice assistant , the iOS Google Search app already had voice search functions that let you ask questions in natural language , and both can answer back or show search listings when a question is beyond their pay grade . However , Siri is deeply integrated with the iOS operating system . Google has been able to tie Google Now into the Android system , but it 's more limited on the iPhone and iPad . For the time being , Google Now has no push notifications , which means you 'll have to open the search app to see what it has in the queue for you . Google Now may not be the computer of the future that predicts your every need , but as people get more comfortable with their personal data being used to analyze them , predictive apps can expand their scope to collect even more data from tools such as wearable pedometers and other sensors . The more information they have about a person , the closer apps and smartphones can get to becoming actual personal assistants .	Google Now predicts what information you are likely to want before you look it up Free update to Google Search app uses information from your search history and e-mail Google Now is available for the iPhone and iPad , 10 months after coming to Android It shows weather , flight status , traffic estimates , scheduled appointments and sports scores
CNN  -- Police responded to Facebook 's headquarters in Northern California to check on a threat Tuesday night . The threat was deemed noncredible . It was made at around 7 p.m. local time  10 p.m. ET  , said police spokesman Dave Bertini . He did not specify the nature of the threat or how it was made . Officers closed off the entrance to Facebook 's headquarters in Menlo Park and asked its employees to stay where they were , the San Jose Mercury News reported . They searched the campus and found nothing suspicious . Police gave the all-clear , and Facebook 's staff departed normally for the night , Bertini told CNN . The city recently allowed Facebook to pay it $ 200,000 a year to make a police officer closely accessible to its campus , the San Jose Mercury News reported . Facebook was founded in 2004 , according to its website . Its services have been available to the public since 2006 , and it moved into its current Menlo Park headquarters in 2011 . The company employed over 6,000 people as of December .	Report : Police closed off the entrance to Facebook 's headquarters After searching the campus , they found nothing suspicious Police later allowed employees to go home as planned
CNN  -- Authorities are asking residents in some some parts of south Australia to evacuate their homes as an impending heat wave prompted the nation to issue its first "  catastrophic " brush fire warning . The warning system was put in place to better alert residents after a devastating brush fire ravaged the southeastern state of Victoria in February , killing more than 170 people and destroying 2,000 homes . During that fire , many residents stayed to defend their property . Though authorities still can not mandate that people leave , the new warning system urges people to flee . The Code Red "  Catastrophic " warning was issued for the Eastern Eyre Peninsula and West Coast districts in the state of South Australia . Are you there ? Send your pictures , video Such a rating means that even well-constructed and defended homes might not be safe from the blaze , the South Australian Fire Service said . In addition , three other districts -- Flinders , North West Pastoral and Lower Eyre Peninsula -- were placed under an "  Extreme " watch . Such a rating means that only well-constructed homes can withstand the flames . An intense heat wave -- with temperatures climbing to 104 F  40 C  -- is expected to hit the areas until the weekend . The region is already in the midst of a severe drought . Coupled with low humidity and strong winds , the soaring temperatures will make it ripe for fires to ignite . Any fire that breaks out will be uncontrollable , the fire service said . People in their path will likely die , it added .	Warning system put in place to better alert residents after a devastating fire ravaged Victoria in February During that fire , many residents stayed to defend their property as the fire claimed 170 lives and 2,000 homes An intense heat wave -- with temperatures climbing to 104 F  40 C  -- is expected to hit south Australia until weekend
President Barack Obama called for calm Monday night , moments after a Missouri prosecutor announced there would be no indictment against the police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown . His measured tone stood in stunning contrast to the images of violence on the streets of Ferguson that intensified on a split screen . As the President spoke -- warning protesters that throwing bottles and smashing car windows wo n't help -- some members of the crowds of hundreds in Ferguson were doing just that . Police responded by firing tear gas . Obama said anger over a grand jury 's decision not to indict Officer Darren Wilson is an "  understandable reaction . " But he urged protesters to remain peaceful and called on law enforcement officers in the city of Ferguson to exercise "  care and restraint in managing peaceful protests that may occur . " "  We are a nation built on the rule of law , and so we need to accept that this decision was the grand jury 's to make , " Obama said late Monday night . "  There are Americans who agree with it and there are Americans who are deeply disappointed , even angry . It 's an understandable reaction . But I join Michael 's parents in asking anyone who protests this decision to do so peacefully . " Elsewhere in the country , angry demonstrators took to the streets peacefully in New York , Seattle , Chicago and Washington , as more than 120 vigils and gatherings were organized nationwide . Some are scheduled for Tuesday . Holder : Federal Ferguson investigation will continue The President said the inflamed tensions over the case , both in Ferguson and elsewhere , are in part a result of decades-old strains in race relations . "  There is inevitably going to be some negative reaction , and it 'll make for good TV , " Obama said . "  But what we want to do is to make sure that we 're also focusing on those who can offer the kind of real progress that we know is possible -- that the vast majority of people Ferguson , the St. Louis region , in Missouri and around the country are looking for , " he said . "  I want to be partners with those folks and we need to lift up the kind of constructive dialogue that is taking place . " Asked whether he will visit Ferguson , Obama said : "  Let 's take a look and see how things are going . " He pointed to Attorney General Eric Holder 's visits to the area . While most protesters demonstrated peacefully , the situation on the ground worsened overnight among smaller pockets of the Ferguson area . More than a dozen buildings were set ablaze . A police car was smash , while another was engulfed in fire . Gunshots could be heard and looting took place . In nearby Dellwood , a row of cars were set afire at a car dealership , as more businesses were torched . The grand jury 's decision not to indict Wilson was sharply criticized by the chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus , Rep. Marcia Fudge , who called the proceedings a "  miscarriage of justice . " ' A thousand Fergusons across America ' "  It is a slap in the face to Americans nationwide who continue to hope and believe that justice will prevail , " the Ohio Democrat said . "  This decision seems to underscore an unwritten rule that black lives hold no value ; that you may kill black men in this country without consequences or repercussions . This is a frightening narrative for every parent and guardian of black and brown children , and another setback for race relations in America . " Missouri Sen. Roy Blunt , a Republican , said he joins Brown 's family in urging protesters to remain peaceful -- and said he hopes to see law enforcement officers improve their tactics after Brown 's death . "  I 've talked extensively to law enforcement officials to learn more about the tactics , resources , and procedures that our first responders utilize statewide , " Blunt said in a statement . "  Law enforcement officials have been candid in identifying ways officers could have handled the situation in Ferguson better , and I trust those recommendations will be helpful as we continue to count on them to protect us . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	President Obama : Anger understandable , but protest peacefully As Obama called for peace , protestors threw bottles , smashed car windows Obama said tensions over case , in part , result of strained race relations
Washington  CNN  -- Russia is preparing the transfer of more powerful weaponry into Ukraine , and it could happen at any time , a Pentagon spokesman said Friday , citing the latest U.S. intelligence . The transfer could be "  imminent , " the spokesman , Col. Steve Warren , told reporters . It 's believed the weaponry will be driven into Ukraine "  potentially today , " he said , but it is not clear if Russian troops will be involved . State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf also warned of the possibility Thursday , telling reporters , "  We have new evidence that the Russians intend to deliver heavier and more powerful multiple rocket launchers to the separatist forces in Ukraine and have evidence that Russia is firing artillery from within Russia to attack Ukrainian military positions . " The United States has imagery showing weaponry , with burn marks in the grass , on the Russian side of the border , indicating that artillery was fired , a U.S. official tells CNN . The images remain classified and were not shared with CNN . How rebels in Ukraine built up an arsenal capable of reaching the skies The Russian military has more powerful rocket launcher systems than the ones that have been sent across the border in the past . Intelligence indicates just under a dozen systems may be part of this latest shipment , according to a U.S. official . Everything Russia is doing , Warren said , is "  unquestionably an escalation . " Earlier Friday , the European Union stepped up pressure against Russians and others it blames for fomenting the crisis in Ukraine , banning visas and freezing the assets of 15 more people and 18 more companies and organizations . Things to know about Russia and sanctions The EU 's move , which aims to punish those supporting a months-long pro-Russian rebellion in eastern Ukraine , comes as international pressure was stepped up on the rebels in a related issue : the discovery and return of more victims ' remains from last week 's crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in rebel-held territory . Details about who was sanctioned Friday were n't immediately available . But the EU and the United States previously have targeted Russians and Ukrainians they say have assisted the rebellion and Russia 's annexation in March of the Ukrainian Black Sea peninsula of Crimea -- such as Vladimir Shamanov , commander of Russian airborne troops . The move brings the total number of EU sanctions in the Ukraine crisis to 87 , and the number of entities to 20 . The EU on Friday also widened its criteria for future sanctions , saying it would now look to punish not only those who are aiding the rebellion , but also those benefiting "  from Russian decision makers responsible " for it . Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels ? Ukraine President : The world must choose sides Opinion : Are the pro-Russian rebels terrorists ?	Imagery shows burn marks on the Russian side of the border , indicating artillery was fired The EU steps up pressure against Russia for fomenting the Ukraine crisis The Pentagon says the weaponry transfer could be "  imminent "
CNN  -- It could be argued when Tony Blair left the office of Prime Minister in June , his parting from the public stage was mourned by few but chief among those mourners were Britain 's satirists . The characteristics of the Blair government with its emphasis on spin and sound bites created a wealth of material for top British satirist Craig Brown . Dubbed "  the wittiest writer in Britain today , " by comedian Stephen Fry , Brown 's new book The Tony Years celebrates a decade of satire that Brown thought would never end . He writes : "  For years , he seemed so permanent ; it was hard to imagine that Tony Blair would one day become a forgotten figure , like Harold Wilson or Sir Anthony Eden . He seemed more ubiquitous than Mrs. Thatcher in her prime . Perhaps this was because she was so unique  or so peculiar , according to one 's taste  while Tony was an archetype , a familiar figure from all our pasts : the eager boy with his hand in the air throughout double maths ; the well-spoken estate agent ; the energetic youth leader , full of exciting new ways to cross a river . " Brown has been satirizing British politicians and celebrities for almost 30 years in a variety of publications from The Spectator to the Guardian . He writes regular satirical columns in both the Daily Telegraph and Private Eye where targets are as disparate as feminist Germaine Greer , ` glamour model ' and author Jordon and playwright Harold Pinter . While Brown 's writing is consistently witty , clever and often laugh out loud funny , Brown himself is softly spoken and self deprecating . "  I 'm not actually funny in real life , " he says . "  Usually people can do one of the two  write with humor or speak with humor  there are hardly any people who can do both like Stephen Fry . " Occasionally Brown will perform his work before an audience , which he enjoys  "  I rather like reading my parodies out . There nothing like having an audience laughing "  but the life of a satirical writer is often one that 's quite isolated from his audience . Instead he is quite happy working from his home in the country and keeping a low profile . He admits to only visiting the offices of employer , The Daily Telegraph twice  "  I never know quite what to do with myself in an office "  and spending a large part of the day in his pajamas . He even shy 's away from calling himself a satirist -- a term he thinks has become loaded : "  I used to think of myself as a satirist but satirists are people who really want to be politicians . Satire is an unfunny form of humor and it has an agenda that works against the comedy . Satirists think they can change the world , and that 's an illusion . " Part of success as a satirists  or humorists as some like to be called  is to capture the not just the personality they are satirizing but the zeitgeist of the times . For Brown part of the zeitgeist of the Blair years are CCTV , ASBOs , binge drinking , the acceleration of the cult of celebrity but most of all spin : "  Publicity was all : privacy dwindled . " The thirst for spin extended to unlikely quarters observes Brown : "  I could n't believe it when the Freemasons appointed a PR -- even a secret society wants to raise the profile . Peculiar but also funny . " "  As for Blair -- there were things about him that were very funny . There was the spin which John Major had n't developed and that 's always funny -- its also funny parodying conference speeches . They are always parodied baby-talk , lower than banal -- those were funny with Blair . " Brown parodies New Labour 's conference speak in The Tony Years as sounding like this : "  I believe in Britain . Great ! A country with a great history . Great ! ... I want a Britain that we can all feel part of . I want a Britain in which what I want for my own children I want for yours - but only after I have got it for mine . " Brown 's inclination towards satire started young . A pupil at Eton , he coped with being away from home at a young age by mimicking teachers . "  I was at a boarding school since I was 7 and I had a tape recorder : all the people you are terrified of you can reduce . We did their voices and dramatizations . English prep schools when you 're very young and you are threatened by these very gothic figures ; it 's  mimicking  a way of reducing people . " Over the years his parodies have hit the mark , sometimes a bit too closely . One target , Germaine Greer "  was very touchy when I first met her  but  angry people are always funny to parody . " He says the journalists he has parodied "  are more touchy than politicians . Politicians are aware they are being hated from the moment they are elected . " But Brown does n't feel guilty about upsetting his targets . News reporting has the capacity to inflict greater wounds , says Brown . "  Other forms of journalism are more hurtful . The raw materials of journalism can hurt people a lot more . The act of printing is the original hurt and the gags come later . I used to worry if the targets liked or disliked them -- now it does n't matter . Now it does n't matter if they like it or not . " Brown admires satirists that reduce things "  to the essence of itself . " He 's keeping an eye on new Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who will present different challenges from Blair : "  I think Gordon Brown has an anger in him . Everyone says how awkward and controlling he is -- it will surface soon . " And the satire wo n't be too far behind . The Tony Years by Craig Brown  Random House  RRP # 7.99 E-mail to a friend	Craig Brown is releasing a book of his satire during the Blair years Brown writes columns for the Daily Telegraph and Private Eye He works from his home in the country and feels uncomfortable in offices New book covers CCTV , ABSOs , binge drinking , celebrities , and dwindling privacy
CNN  -- Running back Mark Ingram was awarded the Heisman Trophy on Saturday night , becoming the first player from the University of Alabama ever to be named the best in college football . Ingram delivered a tearful thank you after the announcement was made in New York and said he was "  so excited " to bring Alabama its first Heisman . The 2009 voting was the closest in the award 's 75-year history , according to the Heisman Trophy Web site , with Stanford running back Toby Gerhart finishing only 28 points behind Ingram in the balloting . The other finalists were Texas quarterback Colt McCoy , Nebraska defensive lineman Ndamukong Suh , and Florida quarterback Tim Tebow . Ingram , a sophomore from Flint , Michigan , was the top rusher in the Southeastern Conference , gaining 1,542 yards on 249 attempts . He also scored 15 touchdowns . Alabama has won outright or shared 10 national championships dating back to 1925 , according to the National Collegiate Athletic Association Web site , but before Saturday no Crimson Tide player had ever won the sport 's most prestigious individual award . Ingram and Texas ' McCoy will meet again on the field on January 7 , 2010 , when their undefeated teams play in the Bowl Championship Series national title game at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California . Read more at SI.com Florida 's Tebow , a three-time Heisman finalist , won the award in 2007 and was seeking to become only the second player to win the trophy twice , after Ohio State 's Archie Griffin in 1974 and 1975 . The Heisman 's point total is reached by a system of three points for a first place vote , two for a second and one for a third , according to the award 's Web site . Ballots were mailed to 870 members of the media , as well as 55 Heisman winners and one fan , according to the Web site .	Mark Ingram becomes the first University of Alabama player to win Heisman Stanford 's Toby Gerhart is second in closest voting of award 's 75-year history Florida 's Tim Tebow was seeking to become second player to win trophy twice Ingram 's Crimson Tide will play Texas for the national championship in January
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- It was Newrouz , the first day of spring and the Kurdish New Year but was it also the beginning of a new era in Turkey 's troubled relation with its Kurdish population ? There was certainly a mood of optimism in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir , where hundreds of thousands assembled not just to ring in the new but to try to draw a line under the past . They listened to a speech written by the imprisoned Abdullah Ocalan , founder of the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  , and leader of a violent insurrection that began in Turkey in 1984 . The crowd broke into cheers when Sirri Sureyya Onder -- a pro-Kurdish Member of Parliament for the Peace and Democracy Party -- speaking on Ocalan 's behalf , said the time had come "  for the guns to be silent and to let ideas and diplomacy speak . " READ : PKK calls for dialogue in Turkey The holiday mood was in stark contrast to previous Newrouz assemblies in the 1990s which were akin to intifada with rioters throwing Molotov cocktails and security forces firing back live rounds . Yet for many in Turkey , pessimism is still the default mode . It is one thing , as Ocalan did Thursday , to call on PKK fighters to begin a controlled withdraw from Turkish territory . What his own supporters now want to hear is what they get in return . The key question is whether the Turkish government has the will and the political skill to meet a slew of Kurdish nationalist demands . These are almost certain to include the right to use Kurdish as an official language in government offices and in schools and also for a form of political devolution . They will also demand the release of the large number  some put the figure at more than 8,000  of political activists now in pre-trial detention under Turkey 's sweeping anti-terror legislation . Finally , and most problematically , the PKK , will demand a means of rehabilitating their own militants , including if not actual freedom , some form of house arrest for Ocalan himself . Turkey has every incentive for acting now and for acting quickly . One of Turkey 's largest trading partners is now the Kurdish Autonomous Region in the north of Iraq . Ankara , too , is anxious to prevent the conflict in Syria , where Kurds are becoming ever more autonomous , from spreading over its border . The long war of attrition with the Kurdistan Workers Party has been costly in terms of about 40,000 lives lost and an actual price tag some put at $ 1 trillion . A Turkey at peace with itself could be a potent force in the decades ahead . Yet the Turkish Prime Minister , Tayyip Erdogan , knows he risks alienating his own supporters if he is seen to be making too many concessions , too rapidly . He called the Newrouz events a "  positive development " during a trip to Holland , but then chided the crowds for their lack of patriotism in not waving Turkish flags . Even so , the government will be relieved that the rally did not become a show of the PKK 's strength . So , while the Diyarbakir meeting took the form of Ocalan addressing his supporters , there was another message to Turkish public opinion . The speech evoked the great moments of nation building in the country 's history : the First World War battlefield of Gallipoli "  when Turks and Kurds fell in battle shoulder to shoulder , " the War of Independence and the First National Assembly . Turks have long been taught Kurdish identity politics is a threat to national unity . If peace is to have a chance , they will have to get used to the idea . For the imprisoned Ocalan himself , Thursday 's rally in Diyarbakir is just the latest step in political rehabilitation . He was vilified as "  a baby killer " when he was captured and extradited back to Turkey in 1999 . However in recent months he has been the principal negotiator in the peace process . Last November , he was instrumental in having a hunger strike called off among imprisoned detainees . In 1999 , I sat in a purpose-built court house on the Turkish island of Imrali , watching Abdullah Ocalan being sentenced to death . His last remarks to the judge were far from contrite . He did not deny responsibility for leading bloody insurrection . Instead , he said it was time to move on . If the government ever intended to get the PKK down from the mountains and bring about peace they would have to come to him . Nearly 14 years later , his words are coming true .	Kurdish Workers Party  PKK  calls for dialogue to end violence that began in 1984 Tens of thousands of lives lost during the conflict Sticking points to lasting peace include language rights and fate of prisoners Jailed PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan wrote speech calling for guns to give way to diplomacy
Madrid  CNN  -- An unprecedented court hearing for Spain 's Princess Cristina in a financial corruption scandal , scheduled for April 27 , was postponed Friday after a prosecutor filed an appeal , judicial officials said . No new date for the hearing was immediately set , because a three-judge panel must first resolve the conflict between the view of the judge who issued the subpoena that there is sufficient evidence to cite the princess as a suspect , and the prosecutor 's view that there is not , the officials said . Princess Cristina is King Juan Carlos ' youngest daughter . This is the first time since democracy was restored in Spain in 1975 that a member of King Juan Carlos ' immediate family has faced preliminary charges of any kind , in any case , a spokesman for the Royal Household said . On Wednesday , the investigating magistrate , Judge Jose Castro , issued the 18-page order that brought preliminary charges against Princess Cristina in a fraud case centered on her husband , Inaki Urdangarin , the king 's son-in-law . Urdangarin has faced preliminary charges for more than a year . He is accused of diverting , for private use , public funds earmarked for his non-profit foundation . He denies any wrongdoing . The scandal already had created unprecedented problems for the popular royal family due to Urdangarin 's alleged involvement , but after the princess was also named as a suspect , it became top news at home and abroad . On Friday , prosecutor Pedro Horrach filed his appeal to Castro 's local court in Palma de Mallorca , in Spain 's Balearic Islands . A higher provincial court in Palma must decide if the princess will remain a suspect in the case . If she does , the princess has chosen two top lawyers , the Royal Household announced on Friday . One is Miquel Roca , a Barcelona-based former politician who helped write Spain 's Constitution of 1978 . The other is well-known criminal lawyer Jesus Maria Silva . The Royal Household initially said on Wednesday it would n't comment on judicial matters , but later in the day announced that it was surprised that the judge -- who last year said in an order that there was insufficient evidence to name the princess as a suspect -- had changed his mind . In his order , the judge said that further investigation since last year had led to the decision to bring preliminary charges against the princess . Castro 's order said Princess Cristina should be questioned regarding "  the handling and destination of funds obtained " through her husband 's foundation and a separate company The Royal Household also said on Wednesday that it was in "  absolute conformity " with the prosecutor 's announcement that he would appeal . The main opposition Socialist Party has called on the Royal Household to remain neutral in the legal battle between the judge and prosecutor over the evidence regarding the princess . On Thursday , Spanish Foreign Minister Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo told reporters that the case is hurting the image of Spain . On Friday , the Royal Household made public for the first time that it had quietly asked the government , two months ago , to include the monarchy in a new law on transparency -- regarding financing and other activities -- that is currently being debated and pending approval , a Royal Household senior spokesman said Urdangarin was given the title of Duke of Palma when he married Princess Cristina in 1997 . An adviser to the Royal Household also has been implicated in the scandal . Earlier this year , a judge ordered Urdangarin and a former business associate , Diego Torrres , to deposit a joint bond of â ‚ ¬ 8 million  about $ 10.8 million  for potential civil damages . If not , the judge would move to embargo the assets of the two men , a court spokeswoman said . No trial has been set in the case . The preliminary charges that have been announced could eventually be dropped , but a filing of indictments would set a trial in motion .	Princess Cristina had been subpoenaed to appear in court April 27 A prosecutor filed an appeal , saying there is insufficient evidence to cite her Princess Cristina is King Juan Carlos ' youngest daughter The fraud case centers on her husband , Inaki Urdangarin
May 20 : Massachusetts , a brother and sister are snatched . A truck driver sees a vehicle that the suspected kidnapper is driving and calls police , who find the kids inside , under blankets and pillows . They 're safe . The children 's father is arrested . May 22 : A car with a 1-year-old girl inside is stolen near a Georgia day care . A security camera image shows a suspect getting into a vehicle and driving away . Police get a call from a resident because the suspect 's car has been parked on a nearby street all night . The child is rescued . July 1 : An Ohio boy is believed to have been abducted by his father , who has a troubled history , and law enforcement officials are afraid the boy will be harmed . A group of friends at a diner spot the car driven by the alleged abductor and call 911 . The man is arrested and the kid is safe . The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children , which documents these "  success stories , " says they would never have happened without Amber Alerts being issued in each instance . A closer look at the Amber Alert system And though these cases did n't get the same national attention as the search for San Diego teenager Hannah Anderson , they are among hundreds that demonstrate why the program is critical to saving children 's lives , said Robert Hoever , a director of special operations for the center . Between the program 's inception in 1996 and July of this year , at least 656 children have been rescued because citizens saw or heard an Amber Alert , according to the center , which works with law enforcement , broadcasters and federal authorities on the nationwide program . Hoever defined "  success stories " as verified abduction reports in which children are recovered safely . Of the 2,064 children who were the focus of Amber Alerts between 2005 and 2012  the years for which the center has complete figures on the number of alerts  394 were rescued . The vast majority of those cases -- 2,030 -- were resolved , though "  resolved " can have different meanings . It could be that a case , once investigated , is determined to be falsely reported to police . And , some cases are still ongoing . But investigating a case takes time , and actions taken in the first hours after a child disappears are crucial , experts say . Why Hannah 's case was unusual Reports : Father of Hannah Anderson 's abductor had violent past "  Hannah 's case stood out because it has other tragedies -- the killing of her mother and brother , the nationwide manhunt . But it 's also very important because it was just textbook how this program should be used , " Hoever said . "  You had the combination of a new technology , with very careful moves by investigators to broaden the sending of the Amber Alerts as new leads came in . " On August 4 , a 10-second , high-pitched tone rang on thousands of mobile phones across the West Coast -- the first use of a new wireless alert system . Learn more about the Wireless Emergency Alerts system The alert announced that authorities in Southern California were looking for 16-year-old Hannah Anderson and her 8-year-old brother Ethan . The children 's grandmother had reported them missing , the same day that James DiMaggio 's home burned down . The children 's father , who gave television interviews in the hope of keeping his daughter 's case in the spotlight , would later describe DiMaggio as a onetime family friend . Inside DiMaggio 's charred house were found the remains of the children 's mother , Christina Anderson , and a body that would later be identified as Ethan 's . Hannah had last been seen at cheerleading practice near her San Diego home August 3 . When authorities heard that DiMaggio might be heading into Nevada , the alerts were expanded to that state , Hoever said . When new clues suggested DiMaggio might be entering Oregon and Washington state , the alerts were activated there . Ultimately , when Idaho became a possible landing spot for the suspected criminal , cell phones buzzed there , too . The teenager 's abduction was the first time the new , federally administered Wireless Emergency Alerts program was issued statewide , California Highway Patrol spokesman Erin Komatsubara told HLN . "  The wireless program was also used in five states at one time , " Hoever said . "  That is the largest use of the program I 've seen . " Key moments in James DiMaggio manhunt Riders who made a difference The Idaho horseback riders who spotted Hannah and DiMaggio in rugged terrain sensed something was wrong . The teenager and the man were inappropriately dressed for the wilderness and their tent was pitched on a mountain like someone inexperienced in camping might do . But the horseback riders were cautious , exchanging a few words with DiMaggio . But when they got home , they saw Hannah 's Amber Alert on television . Trail riders say DiMaggio and Anderson ` just did n't fit ' That made all the difference , they believe . "  People need to be aware and observant , " rider Mary Young said on CNN this week . "  Otherwise we would have missed turning in that information . " The riders contacted Idaho State Police , and their tip over the weekend sent FBI agents swarming to the camping spot outside Cascade , in central Idaho . Hannah was rescued . DiMaggio died in a confrontation with an FBI agent . Who was Amber ? Amber stands for "  America 's Missing : Broadcast Emergency Response , " but its namesake was Amber Hagerman , a 9-year-old Texas girl who was last seen alive riding her bike in a parking lot in January 1996 , according to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . A witness said a man with a black , flatbed truck was talking to the girl and snatched her bicycle . Four days later , Hagerman 's body was found in a creek eight miles from her home , according to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . Dallas and Fort Worth residents were heartbroken . One resident wrote a letter to a radio station suggesting that the Emergency Alert System be used to notify the public when a child is reported abducted . Read the letter The first success of the program came after a November 1998 kidnapping , Hoever said . A motorist heard an Amber Alert on the radio after an infant was abducted from an Arlington , Texas , apartment complex . The motorist "  called into law enforcement saying , ` I 'm riding next to the car that you 're looking for ! ' He was almost ecstatic , saying ' I can see the baby next to her ! ' " Hoever said . The police tracked down the vehicle and rescued the baby . Healing , answers may be slow in kidnapping	Since Amber Alerts began , more than 650 kids have been rescued Hannah Anderson 's case was unusual for several reasons , expert says Amber Alert program named after child taken in Texas in 1996
With a single phrase , Rachel Jeantel , that friend of Trayvon Martin 's , may have lit a fuse in the trial of his accused killer . Asked by the defense what Martin told her on the phone that night when he first spotted George Zimmerman , she testified a "  creepy-ass cracker " was following him . There is nothing illegal about that . Jeantel said she did n't even know it was a racial slur , and numerous commentators have noted that some in Florida use the term in a non-derogatory , colloquial sense . But for plenty of rural , white southerners , "  cracker " is a demeaning , bigoted term , and its appearance does nothing to help the prosecutors . The origin of cracker is murky . Some sources suggest it came from overseers who commanded slaves . Others say it derives from a Scottish word for boasting . At The Center for the Study of the American South at the University of North Carolina , Bill Ferris says it emerged in the 1700s as a descriptive term for drovers who used small whips to move their livestock through the pine barrens along the Gulf of Mexico . "  They were basically poor people . White people . A class of people who were landless . " Initially , cracker was not a pejorative term , but Ferris says it has become one , the equivalent of redneck . Its meaning and intensity as an insult depends on who is saying it and who is listening . For example , a white who might not object to being called a cracker by another white might consider Martin 's use of the phrase offensive and evidence of ill intent . In the circumstances described in court , Ferris notes , it was more likely a quick way for Martin to say he was in danger . "  If it is used by blacks  among themselves  , it is usually with one meaning : Watch out . He did n't say it to Zimmerman . He said it to convey a message to a friend . He said , ` trouble is coming . ' " Still , even if Martin knew precisely what the term meant and said it with all the venom he could muster , does that matter ? Maybe . Under Florida 's hate crime laws , Martin 's words could potentially have been used against him had he survived the encounter and Zimmerman had taken the worst of it . That may seem far-fetched , but a state handbook advises that a hate crime may have occurred "  if the commission of  a  felony or misdemeanor evidences prejudice based on the race , color , ancestry , ethnicity ... " Complicating the matter further : Despite suspicions among many case watchers that Zimmerman followed Martin largely because he was African-American , the only mention of race from the defendant in his call to the police that night about a "  suspicious guy " came when he was questioned . "  This guy , " the dispatcher asks , "  is he white , black , or Hispanic ? " Zimmerman responds , "  He looks black . " Where did the N-word come from ? All of this may seem pointless to people who focus on the central fact of this case : No matter how the conflict began , police say it ended with an armed man killing an unarmed one . The debate over cracker may furthermore seem arcane to people who live north of the Mason-Dixon line , where cracker is seldom heard , and even when it makes an appearance , it is not freighted with decades of history . To be sure , cracker is not on par with the n-word , but it is nonetheless a sharp racial insult that resonates with white southerners even if white northerners do n't get it . That said , ask Ferris what impact the word will ultimately have on public opinions of this trial , and he is succinct . "  I would say none . " Views of justice , he says , are inextricably linked to racial attitudes . Many blacks will see this trial one way , many whites another way , just as they did in the case of O.J. Simpson . But the broader public does not matter . What matters is the jury . And it is hard to imagine how it can help the prosecution for those six southern women to know Martin spent some of his final moments uttering a racial insult , no matter what he intended .	Trayvon Martin 's friend said he described George Zimmerman as a "  creepy-ass cracker " The term injected race into Zimmerman 's second-degree murder trial "  Cracker " has a murky history but generally describes poor whites The slur is widely considered an insult among white southerners
CNN  -- More than 10 million people -- almost one in two men , women and children -- in Yemen -- are facing a looming catastrophe . Families are surviving , but only just . Food and fuel price spikes , coupled with political instability , have left Yemen 's economy in tatters . As is often the case , ordinary people are bearing the brunt of this crisis and have exhausted their options for coping with the extreme challenges that they face . Despite a new president and a political transition process underway , the humanitarian crisis continues to deteriorate . The economy has not recovered and food prices have not come down . In Hodeidah , a western port governorate where the largely rural population relies upon agriculture and fishing for livelihoods , the farming has dropped to a third of its normal production . Fishermen , large and small-scale farms , alike , can not afford the diesel necessary to power their engines and water pumps -- even when it is available in the market . Many people lost their jobs during the political turmoil last year , at a time when food prices were skyrocketing . Like many families in Yemen with no alternatives , Mariam 's sons left her and their young children to migrate to Saudi Arabia for work . She is 60 years old and sits in a one room hut which she built , together with her children , 10 years ago . She now shares it with her seven grandchildren . She tells me that like many others in the village , her sons were day laborers , and forced to migrate illegally to Saudi Arabia to look for work . " My three sons are now in Saudi . They went searching jobs after they lost their jobs here . They have n't sent us any money yet . Last time , one called me saying that they could n't find work and they are still being pursued by the Saudi police . He was saying that he wo n't send us money this month and asked us to find a way to keep going until they get a job . " Many families talk about selling off their few assets , skipping meals for two to three days at a time and pulling their children from school to just survive . With all of their neighbors in the same level of crisis , and the effects of the crises expected to deteriorate further , ordinary Yemenis have exhausted their options . Over the past year , one in three Yemenis purchased food on credit , and one in four are still falling further into food-related debt . Mariam describes with utmost fatigue how she turned towards creditors as a last resort : "  We live on ` please give me , ' ' lend me until tomorrow , ' ` please wait until God gives me help to return your money ' ; this is our life now . " But the creditors and traders can not continue to have stock go out without money coming in . They have started to turn away families . Samia , mother of five , told me about her desperation at being turned away from the trader with tears in her eyes and her very sick child in her arms . "  They tell you , I am not God , I can not provide ... even as your child lies there dying . " Life was always difficult , but the past year has pushed families to their limits . Mariam was among more than 100,000 beneficiaries that received cash from Oxfam 's ECHO-funded Emergency Food Security and Livelihoods project  EFSL  , created as a quick response to meet people 's inability to purchase food caused by the current crises in the country . The project provided cash grants of $ 25 to families for each of three months . Those that received the payment included a diversity of vulnerable groups such as women , children , chronically-ill , disabled , elderly-headed households , and low income families . Mariam tells me : " I bought salt , sugar , oil , flour , and medicine for one of my grandsons . I also paid off some of my debts . Those payments were enough to buy food for about 20 or 25 days ... though it 's only 25 days , it was a gift from God . " But despite the need for quick solutions like this , which meet people 's immediate needs with dignity and can build towards lasting solutions , funding for humanitarian programmes has not been flowing fast enough . Food insecurity is at risk of becoming a normal part of life in Yemen , but the U.N. humanitarian appeal for the country has been just 43 percent funded . The crisis has worsened since the appeal launched in December , so the funds needed to help people in need are likely to increase when the appeal is reviewed this June . At this week 's Friends of Yemen meeting in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , donors pledged a reported $ 4 billion in new funds for the country . The pledges are generous and signal that the international community recognizes the dire level of need ; but it is unclear as yet exactly how this money will be spent and when it will arrive in Yemen . A good proportion of these funds need to be fast-tracked to meet the urgent humanitarian need . Almost half of Yemenis do not have enough to eat today and Yemen is entering its hunger season . The world can bring Yemen back from the brink of catastrophe -- but only if it acts now .	Oxfam : 10 million people in Yemen are on the brink of starvation Food and fuel price spikes , coupled with political unrest , has hurt Yemen 's economy One in three Yemenis purchased food on credit in the past year
CNN  -- As Mitt Romney prepares to make the case for a first term , give a thought to what we can expect from a Barack Obama second term . It 's probably going to look a lot like the second terms of George W. Bush , Bill Clinton , Ronald Reagan , and Richard Nixon -- driven not by his own agenda , but by events beyond his control . Bush 's second term was defined by the after-effects of the Iraq decision he made in his first term ; Clinton 's by impeachment and the Internet boom ; Reagan 's by deficits and Gorbachev ; Nixon 's by Watergate . And what will define Obama 's ? 1  Republicans will hold at least one House of Congress , maybe two . 2  The U.S. economy will continue to mend , as the financial crisis recedes into the past . 3  Unless forcibly prevented , Iran will enrich enough uranium for multiple nuclear weapons sometime before 2017 . 4  Natural gas production will continue to surge . Prediction 1 implies that there will be no bold Obama legislative agenda in a second term . The votes just wo n't be there . The second-term Obama agenda will have to be executed through agency action and executive order . And he 'll have lots of opportunities via the big laws passed in his first term : the Affordable Care Act , Dodd-Frank , and so on . Critics often talk about how long these laws are . Yet however long the enactment , the text of a complex modern statute is only the very roughest guide to its future operation . The crucial operating decisions are made by presidential appointees , supervised by the courts . Congress drafts , but the administrators fill in the details - and the details , as the saying goes , are where the devil lurks . A re-elected President Obama will have large powers to reshape the health industry and financial services -- not with some dramatic law , but with a thousand undramatic lower-level edicts that cumulatively can redefine a law in ways never imagined by its authors . Politics : Reggie Love -- Obama leads like he plays But there is one agreement that the president and Congress will have to reach : over future taxes and budgets . The Bush tax cuts of 2001 , extended in 2010 , will expire at the end of 2012 . The president has said he would allow those tax cuts to lapse , at least for high income levels . Republicans are determined to preserve them . Who 'll blink ? On past precedent , you might guess that the president will . But the president knows that people expect him to blink -- which may inspire him to hang much , much tougher . 2  Recovery comes much more slowly from recessions caused by financial crises , according to the authors of the best study of the subject , Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff . Yet if recovery comes slowly , it does come eventually . By 2015 , the U.S. economy should be reaching normal growth and fuller employment . Deficits will begin to shrink ; the country 's present desperate mood will abate . And Republicans and Democrats will furiously argue over who deserves the credit , as they still argue over who deserves credit for the 1990s boom . We also saw in the 2000s , however , that employment can grow strongly without generating very much in the way of wage increases for most working people . The U.S. economy added almost 2 million jobs in 2004 , more than 2 million in 2005 , about 1.7 million in 2006 , and more than 700,000 in 2007 . Yet the median wage as of the end of 2007 still had not caught up to its 2000 peak , adjusting for inflation . In the post-2009 recovery , almost all the income growth has been captured by the most affluent few . President Obama may deplore that trend , but he seems to have no very clear idea of how to alter it . 3  U.S.-led sanctions and Israeli-led sabotage have slowed the Iranian nuclear program . Few experts expect that these non-belligerent means will work indefinitely . What then ? Israel could attack Iran . The United States could hit even harder . But suppose -- as seems most likely -- that both allies flinch from war . Then the U.S. and Israel will confront a radically reshaped Middle East , one in which America 's friends will be weaker and more fearful and Iran will be more assertive and intransigent . The president 's hopes of reconciling the Islamic and Western worlds -- of midwifing a Palestinian state -- and of finishing off jihadist terrorism will all bump into the reality of an emboldened Iran and depleted American prestige . 4  Second terms tend to bring disappointments , but one huge success seems to be gathering for whoever happens to occupy the White House over the next four years : the advent of that long promised goal , energy independence . The surge in natural gas production in the United States , the full development of the massive oil sand resource in Canada , could make North America the world 's fastest-growing energy region in the years ahead and put the continent on the way to self-sufficiency by 2020 . It wo n't have quite happened yet by 2017 , but the achievement will at least be visible on the near horizon . It will be a strange irony of history if the president of hope and change left office as the president who presided over the greatest surge in domestic fossil fuel production since the 1930s . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : A second term for Barack Obama would have a different shape He says Dems likely wo n't control both houses , giving him little chance for major legislation Frum : Obama would likely benefit from an improving economy but would face challenges overseas U.S. energy production boom would bring U.S. closer to energy independence , he says
CNN  -- You may not have noticed it because of that helmet he had to wear while free-falling into the history books , but Felix Baumgartner is kind of hot . Yes , yes , we know that sounds incredibly superficial , but these things are important when considering who should be cast to play Baumgartner in a movie about his record-breaking leap . Because honestly , you know someone , somewhere , is already trying to figure out how to turn it into a film . And we want to offer an assist . Here are just a few of the Hollywood hunks who come to mind : David Beckham - You can kind of see it , right ? Rugged jaw line , stubble , the hard athletic body from hours of training for a death-defying feat . And a vocal coach could be brought in to help Beckham learn an Austrian accent . Channing Tatum - Four words for you : "  Magic Mike in space . " Need we say more ? And in the interest of creative license , the "  Step It Up " star could land on his feet after the jump and break into a celebratory dance . Alex Pettyfer - Speaking of "  Magic Mike , " Tatum 's co-star in that film could also make an interesting daredevil . And in an interview he reportedly said he is a "  fan of fear " -- and Baumgartner 's feat was definitely a scary one . Michael Pitt - There was a huge outcry when Pitt 's character was killed off in HBO 's "  Boardwalk Empire " so we know he has a fan base . He 's also a pretty intense actor and could probably pull this one off with ease . Jonathan Rhys Meyers - The actor has been missed since his star turn in the now ended Showtime series "  The Tudors . " He has range , having convincingly portrayed everyone from King Henry VIII to the king of rock and roll , Elvis , so why not ? Sam Rockwell - He plays a lunatic in "  Seven Psychopaths " and we 'd like to see him get a break from often playing the heavy . He 's had smaller roles in films like "  The Green Mile " and "  Iron Man 2 , " and a lead would be nice . Ryan Reynolds - Because he is Ryan Reynolds , and any opportunity to have more of Ryan Reynolds we will take . Who would you throw into the mix as a possible Baumgartner ? Sound off below .	Felix Baumgartner broke a world record Sunday when he jumped from 24 miles above the Earth David Beckham and Channing Tatum are two stars who could play the Austrian in a movie
CNN  Prime Minister Tony Abbott has shirt-fronted the Australian public by awarding a Knighthood to a foreigner who already has a lot silverware in the pool room : Prince Philip , the Duke of Edinburgh . As the nation choked on its cornflakes , many took to social media to express shock and dismay and repeat the question , "  Is this a joke ? " At an Australia Day function in Canberra , Abbott was forced to defend his decision and dismissed the reaction on Twitter as "  electronic graffiti . " "  I think that in the media , you make a big mistake to pay too much attention to social media . You would n't report what 's sprayed up on the walls of buildings , " Abbott was quoted as saying in the Sydney Morning Herald . Of Prince Philip , Abbott said : "  He 's the patron of hundreds of organizations . He 's the inspiration and wellspring of the Duke of Edinburgh 's Awards which have provided leadership training for tens if not hundreds of thousands of Australians over the years . " The 93-year-old duke is the only son of Prince Andrew of Greece , whose ancestors hail from Danish royalty . He married in Queen Elizabeth II in 1947 , who is head of the Commonwealth and is required to sign off on Abbott 's decision , an irony not lost on Australia 's comedians . Gift for Santa ? More like a gift to Republicans , some said . Abbott reintroduced damehoods and knighthoods last year , 28 years after they were retired under the leadership of Bob Hawke 's Labor government . At the time , Abbott said the honor of becoming a "  Knight and Dame of the Order of Australia " would be extended to "  Australians of extraordinary and pre-eminent achievement and merit . " "  My intention is that this new award will go to those who have accepted public office rather than sought it and who can never , by virtue of that office , ever entirely return to private life , " he said . So far , only one dame and three knights have been appointed , including Air Chief Marshal Sir Angus Houston , who has most recently led operations to recover lost Malaysian flights MH370 and MH17 . Opposition leader Bill Shorten said Australia had entered a timewarp to extend the honor to English royalty . "  It 's not about him , but he 's a British royal -- why would we give him our top Australian honor ? He 's already got a lot of them , " he said . Some wondered how Prince Philip would react to the announcement . For others , it was an opportunity to revive some the Duke 's famous quotes . Some thought it was sure sign Phil could take some of Australia 's other top honors . And then there was the lone voice , calling for calm ... sort of . At the time of writing , Buckingham Palace had yet to release an official statement . Though its Twitter account posted a link to learn more about "  the Australian Royal Family . " Abbott did n't take to Twitter to try to stifle the spray of e-graffiti . His contribution to the great wall of outrage was a simple . Not likely , ` Straya says .	Social media storm over Australian PM 's decision to knight Prince Philip One of two knighthoods announced on Australia Day Tony Abbott dismisses social media reaction as "  electronic graffiti "
CNN  For Frank Clegg Leatherworks , "  made in America " is not a seasonal trend or marketing slogan meant to evoke classic workwear looks or to drive sales of limited edition brand collaborations . It 's simply the way Ian and Andrew Clegg 's father has done business since 1970 in Fall River , Massachusetts . It has not always been easy . Frank Clegg resisted the urge to outsource production overseas even as clients disappeared and margins shrunk . In the 1990s they started making bags for other labels to stay afloat . As the Cleggs tell it , staying in Massachusetts was the only way to ensure survival , by standing out for maintaining quality control of their products . But will consumers see it that way beyond next season ? How can brands like Frank Clegg that are in it for the long haul convince the Target generation that one of their leather satchels is worth the triple-digit investment ? Ian Clegg pondered this sentiment aloud to a group of people gathered in a Brooklyn showroom on a rainy Saturday night in December for a panel discussion on the future of American apparel manufacturing . His family business trains and employs skilled leather craftsmen , paying them a living wage to make quality bags and accessories , he said . "  In order to keep that going we ca n't let it be a trend , " he told the group of entrepreneurs , small-business owners and fashion enthusiasts . "  How do we keep it going without it being a trend ? " The question comes at a time when shopping small and local are attractive buzzwords for a generation of consumers that claims to be disillusioned with corporate America . Whether they 'll pony up the extra cash for a handbag whose makers claim will last longer than their fast-fashion equivalents is another matter -- a reality that the Cleggs and other business owners in attendance seemed to be aware of . The discussion occurred during a pop-up market called Northern Grade , which features American-made goods with a contemporary feel . The first Northern Grade launched in 2010 as a menswear market in Minneapolis , expanding to other cities amid growing demand for classic looks inspired by American heritage brands . People travel hundreds of miles for the markets , which tend to attract style-conscious men  and women  willing to pay a premium for waxed cotton jackets , selvedge jeans or Oxford cloth shirts made in the United States . Northern Grade is one of several new markets trying to reach this consumer , building on the success of its predecessor , the Pop-Up Flea , which has also expanded to new cities worldwide since its first show in 2009 in New York . December 's Northern Grade was the first to exclusively feature American-made products for women in an attempt to reach a demographic historically known to favor fast fashion over high-dollar investment pieces from new or emerging brands . The brands  and price tags  at Northern Grade 's markets for men and women are not for everyone , said market co-founder Katherine McMillan . They 're trying to reach consumers searching for quality in an item , shoppers "  who appreciate the details and bigger picture when buying an item , " she said . "  There will always be the people who buy a shirt at H&M that 's made fast and costs less than a shirt made in the U.S. by a smaller brand , " she said . "  I 'm hoping the quality shopper wins out in the long run . " The Americana boom in menswear has led to greater demand for tomboy-inspired looks for women the past few seasons . So-called "  boyfriend " - style button-up shirts and jeans are mainstays in stores like Madewell and J. Crew , and just about everyone from Valentino and Alexander Wang to Opening Ceremony has incorporated elements of casual and formal menswear into their runway looks . Menswear 's influence was apparent in many of the brands at Northern Grade , not by coincidence . Stephanie Beard , founder of Austin-based brand esby , said working in menswear inspired her to start her own line for women . "  I was really envious of how classic menswear was , but it was not cut for my body , " she said . "  I felt like there was a market for quality womenswear because I could n't find it when I was looking for it . " With the help of Kickstarter , she launched her first line in February with the goal of using quality fabrics , even if they ca n't be found in the United States . All the fabrics she uses in her collections are imported except for the knitted canvas of some shirts . The sewing and pattern-making happens in New Orleans before items are shipped to a wash house in New Jersey and back to Austin to be sold or shipped . "  Staying in the United States was always the plan , " she said . "  I want to be hands-on and I ca n't fly out of the country for each season to oversee production . " For some , made in America is a lifestyle choice , said panelist Katharine Keegan , founder of style blog "  That Kind of Woman . " It has crossover appeal to those who identify as conscious consumers and claim to care about where their clothes come from . These shoppers consider the "  made in USA " label synonymous with fair labor practices and supporting small businesses . "  Made in USA is about knowing the people behind product , " she said . "  It 's a lifestyle , it 's being part of a bigger cause . " The past few years have seen the launch of a handful of e-retailers and online-first brands dedicated to supply chain transparency and knowing your brand . Information about provenance , materials and brand story are prominent features on new sites such as ZADY , Everlane , and Of a Kind . Not all brands featured on Of a Kind -- which showcases limited runs of goods from emerging designers -- manufacture in the United States , said Erica Cerulo . But each brand is vetted so Of a Kind can provide customers with an honest answer . "  Our customers want transparency about where things come from . That matters more to them than whether it 's made in the USA , " she said . Besides , she said , everything made in United Sates is not created equally , just like all "  made in China " merchandise is n't the same . "  It 's about finding brands you trust , " Cerulo said . People in the audience said they would love to support these brands if they could afford them . By the end of the discussion , educating consumers had emerged as one way to sell them on the value of the goods . That 's why markets like Northern Grade exist , McMillan said : so consumers can meet designers in person . "  The biggest issue , which we are always thinking about , is how much it costs , " she said . "  I 'm hoping that the way organic and local food prices have come down a little , the items we sell at Northern Grade can become more attainable to the masses . "  When you are paying for normal and fair wages for a person , the price of the item goes up . Here 's hoping demand brings it down eventually . "	Small , U.S.-based clothing makers are eager to attract consumers accustomed to "  fast fashion " but wanting more Pop-up markets like Northern Grade bring together small-business owners and conscientious shoppers Information about provenance , materials and brand story are prominent features on shopping sites tailored to these consumers
CNN  -- The $ 410 billion budget President Obama signed Wednesday will make it easier for U.S. residents to travel to Cuba and to send money to family members on the island . It also could facilitate the sale of agricultural and pharmaceutical products to Cuba . The residents of Havana , Cuba , often rely on bicycle taxis for transportation . Three provisions attached to the omnibus spending bill loosened restrictions enacted by then-President George W. Bush after he came to office in 2001 . Analysts see the move as a way for the new Obama administration to start thawing relations with Cuba one month before the Fifth Summit of the Americas brings together the U.S. president and 33 other leaders from the Western Hemisphere in Trinidad and Tobago . " -LSB- Cuba -RSB- is the issue of greatest symbolic importance , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue policy institute . "  It will be seen as a test of real U.S. readiness to change in the hemisphere . What he says about Cuba will make headlines . " Hakim testified about Latin American policy Wednesday before the House Foreign Affairs Committee . Cuba and the United States have had a troubled relationship since Fidel Castro came to power in 1959 . The United States broke off diplomatic relations in 1961 and imposed a trade embargo in 1962 . Bush tightened some of those restrictions in recent years , most notably limiting travel to the island to once every three years for a limit of 14 days . Under the new provisions , relatives will be able to go once a year and stay for an unlimited time . In addition , the definition of relatives has been broadened to include uncles , aunts , nephews and nieces . The new measures also increase the amount of money visitors can spend . Otto Reich , who served presidents Reagan and both Bushes in a number of high-level Latin American posts , also testified Wednesday before the House Foreign Affairs Committee . Reich and Hakim have different perspectives on how far Obama should go on improving relations with Cuba , but they agree that attaching the latest measures to the spending bill was the wrong way to do it . "  It 's important to open up Cuba , but it should be done systematically , " Hakim told CNN . "  This is very important for the Cuban American community . It ought to be done with them at the table . If they 're not involved , they 're going to push back . " Initial opposition from two Democratic senators with large Cuban American communities in their states put the spending bill in jeopardy . Senators Bill Nelson of Florida and Bob Menendez of New Jersey voted for the budget Tuesday after receiving personal letters from Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner assuring them that the new provisions will not alter U.S. policy . Reich said he did not like the Cuba provisions in the budget because the United States gets nothing in return . "  I 'm opposed to it because of the way it was done , " he said . "  There 's a way it can be done to advance the conditions of the people in Cuba . I do n't approve of the unilateral way it 's being done . The embargo is a negotiating tool . We should not negotiate with ourselves , and that 's what we 're doing . " Hakim warns that too much should not be read into the new measures , saying , "  The fact is that this is very minor . " Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , said in a policy statement Wednesday that the new provision "  suffers from being too little and too late . " Similar measures have been attached to previous spending bills in the past eight years but Bush threatened to veto the legislation , so the language was scrapped . Senators Nelson and Menendez were most concerned with the provision that allows cash advance sales of agricultural and pharmaceutical products to Cuba . Before Bush , "  cash advance " used to mean that money would have to be paid as soon as the goods reached Cuba . But the Bush Administration said "  cash advance " had to mean money was sent before the cargo was loaded on ships in the United States for Cuba . The language in the new spending bill reverts the meaning to the previous "  cash-on-delivery " method favored by U.S. farmers and exporters . Some members of Congress also were concerned the new provisions would allow credit sales , which would poke major holes in the economic embargo . But Geithner 's letters to Nelson and Menendez assured them this would not happen . He did tell the senators , though , the Obama administration is reviewing its policies toward Cuba . CNN State Department Producer Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Three provisions are attached to $ 410 billion spending bill signed by Obama Travel restrictions to Cuba from U.S. loosened ; it will be easier to send money there Sales of U.S. agricultural and pharmaceutical products could be easier now Some critics say measures should not have been attached to spending bill
CNN  -- One returned to her Haitian roots , to give voice to women , honor their stories and shape their futures . Another urged women to pack a courtroom in Haiti , where she succeeded in getting a guilty verdict against a man who battered his wife . A third joined the others and helped change the law to make rape , long a political weapon in Haiti , a punishable crime . Myriam Merlet , Magalie Marcelin and Anne Marie Coriolan , founders of three of the country 's most important advocacy organizations working on behalf of women and girls , are confirmed dead -- victims of last week 's 7.0 earthquake . Remembering the victims of the Haiti earthquake And their deaths have left members of the women 's movement , Haitian and otherwise , reeling . "  Words are missing for me . I lost a large chunk of my personal , political and social life , " Carolle Charles wrote in an e-mail to colleagues . The Haitian-born sociology professor at Baruch College in New York is chair of Dwa Fanm  meaning "  Women 's Rights " in Creole  , a Brooklyn-based advocacy group . These women "  were my friends , my colleagues and my associates . I can not envision going to Haiti without seeing them . " Myriam Merlet was until recently the chief of staff of Haiti 's Ministry for Gender and the Rights of Women , established in 1995 , and still served as a top adviser . She died after being trapped beneath her collapsed Port-au-Prince home , Charles said . She was 53 . iReport : A tribute to Merlet Merlet , an author as well as an activist , fled Haiti in the 1970s . She studied in Canada , steeping herself in economics , women 's issues , feminist theory and political sociology . In the mid-1980s , she returned to her homeland . In "  Walking on Fire : Haitian Women 's Stories of Survival and Resistance , " published in 2001 , she contributed an essay , "  The More People Dream , " in which she described what brought her back . "  While I was abroad I felt the need to find out who I was and where my soul was . I chose to be a Haitian woman , " she wrote . "  We 're a country in which three-fourths of the people ca n't read and do n't eat properly . I 'm an integral part of the situation . I am not in Canada in a black ghetto , or an extraterrestrial from outer space . I am a Haitian woman . I do n't mean to say that I am responsible for the problems . But still , as a Haitian woman , I must make an effort so that all together we can extricate ourselves from them . " She was a founder of Enfofamn , an organization that raises awareness about women through media , collects stories and works to honor their names . Among her efforts , she set out to get streets named after Haitian women who came before her , Charles said . Dubbed a "  Vagina Warrior , " she was remembered Tuesday by her friend Eve Ensler , the award-winning playwright and force behind V-Day , a global movement to end violence against women and girls . "  She was very bold , " said Ensler , who at Merlet 's insistence brought her play "  The Vagina Monologues " to Haiti and helped establish safe houses for women in Port-au-Prince and Cap Haitien . "  She had an incredible vision of what was possible for Haitian women , and she lifted their spirits . ... And we had such a wonderful time . I remember her dancing in the streets of New Orleans and just being so alive . " Magalie Marcelin , a lawyer and actress who appeared in films and on stage , established Kay Fanm , a women 's rights organization that deals with domestic violence , offers services and shelter to women and makes microcredits , or loans , available to women working in markets , said Charles , the chair of Dwa Fanm . Charles remembered a visit to Haiti about two years ago when Marcelin , believed to be in her mid-50s , called seeking help . Hoping to deflect the political clout of a defendant in court , she asked for women to come out in droves and pack the courtroom . Charles watched as the man on trial was convicted for battering his wife . Her death has been reported through various media outlets , and was confirmed to CNN by Carribbean Radio Television based in Port-au-Prince . Her own daughter helped dig her body out from rubble in the aftermath of the quake , Charles said she learned when she got the call from Marcelin 's cousin . In an interview last year with the Haitian Times , Marcelin spoke of the image of a drum that adorned public awareness stickers . "  It 's very symbolic in the Haitian cultural imagination , " Marcelin said , according to the Haitian Times report . "  The sound of the drum is the sound of freedom , it 's the sound of slaves breaking with slavery . " With Merlet , Anne Marie Coriolan , 53 , served as a top adviser to the women 's rights ministry . Coriolan , who died when her boyfriend 's home collapsed , was the founder of Solidarite Fanm Ayisyen  Solidarity with Haitian Women , or SOFA  , which Charles described as an advocacy and services organization . Her daughter , Wani Thelusmon Coriolan , said in Haiti children bear only their father 's surname , but her mother insisted on keeping her maiden name and making sure her two children shared it , too . "  She said my dad was not the only one who created me . She was involved , too , " her 24-year-old daughter , who lives and is studying in Montreal , Quebec , said with a laugh . Even though Wani and her brother no longer live in Haiti  he is in Paris , France  , she said her mother was determined to make sure they were proud of their homeland . "  She loved her country . She never stopped believing in Haiti . She said that when you have a dream you have to fight for it , " Wani said . "  She wanted women to have equal rights . She wanted women to hold their heads high . " Coriolan was a political organizer who helped bring rape -- "  an instrument of terror and war , " Charles said -- to the forefront of Haitian courts . Before 2005 , rapes in Haiti were treated as nothing more than "  crimes of passion , " Charles explained . That changed because of the collective efforts of these women activists -- and others they inspired . With the three leaders gone , there is concern about the future of Haiti 's women and girls . Even with all that 's been achieved , the struggle for equality and against violence remains enormous . The chaos that 's taken over the devastated nation heightens those worries , said Taina Bien-Aimé , the executive director of Equality Now , a human rights organization dedicated to women . Before the disaster struck last week , a survey of Haitian women and girls showed an estimated 72 percent had been raped , according to study done by Kay Fanm . And at least 40 percent of the women surveyed were victims of domestic violence , Bien-Aimé said . And humanitarian emergencies have been linked to increased violence and exploitation in the past , she said . "  From where we stand , " Bien-Aimé wrote in an e-mail , "  the most critical and urgent issue is what , if any , contingencies the relief/humanitarian agencies are putting in place not only to ensure that women have easy access to food , water and medical care , but to guarantee their protection . " Concerned women in the New York area plan to gather Wednesday to strategize their next steps , Ensler said . And while they will certainly keep mourning , she and the others are hopeful that Haitian women , inspired by these fallen heros and leaders , will forge ahead -- keeping their fight and legacies alive .	Three leaders in the Haitian women 's movement are confirmed dead , victims of quake They gave women voices , fought against violence and made rape in Haiti a crime Friends , including Eve Ensler of "  The Vagina Monologues , " share memories Amid chaos after earthquake , concerns rise about protecting women and girls
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama often talks about all of the forces lining up against his health care plan . But there 's one critic who has remained relatively mum in the debate . Dr. David Scheiner was President Obama 's personal physician for 22 years . David Scheiner , a Chicago , Illinois-based doctor , has taken a hard look at the president 's prescription for health care reform and sees bad medicine . "  This is n't that kind of health care program that I think is going to work , " he said . So what makes Scheiner so special ? He was Obama 's personal physician for 22 years , and voted for the former Illinois senator in the 2008 presidential election . Scheiner thinks the president 's plan does n't go far enough . In his mind , the worst part of the proposal is that "  private insurers continue to be a part of the health scheme . " Watch Scheiner talk about his objections " "  Everybody keeps saying we do n't want the government involved in health care , " Scheiner said in an interview . "  But the government is involved in Medicare , and it works . " Scheiner would rather see the nation adopt a single-payer system like the ones in Canada and Europe . The financing system relies on one "  payer " -- which could be a government-run agency -- to fund all health care costs billed by doctors , hospitals and other health professionals . The benefits , advocates say , is that pricey administrative costs are cut , resulting in large savings to patients . It 's something that an up-and-coming coming state Sen. Obama talked about six years ago . "  I happen to be a proponent of a single-payer universal health care plan . ... But as all of you know , we may not get there immediately , because first we 've got to take back the White House , and we 've got take back the Senate , and we 've got to take back the House , " Obama said in 2003 . But that position evolved during the campaign . "  If I were designing a system from scratch , then I 'd probably set up a single-payer system . But the problem is we 're not starting from scratch , " Obama said in Albuquerque , New Mexico , in August 2008 . Now , the president favors giving Americans the option of joining a government-run plan that would compete with private insurers . Watch more on the health care debate " "  Nobody is talking about some government takeover of health care . I 'm tired of hearing that , " Obama said in Raleigh , North Carolina , on Thursday . But Scheiner says that nobody has seen the details of that option , making it a hard sell for the president . "  We do n't even fully know what the public option is going to be . If the public option is too good , patients who are sick will flock to it , and I 'm not sure it will be able to support itself . " Scheiner almost had a chance to confront the president with his concerns . He was invited to a recent televised town hall meeting with Obama , but he says he was dropped from the program . "  I just hope that the Congress , the American public and the president will hear some of my words , " he said . "  We 've got to do something better . " Scheiner finally had a chance to have his say Thursday . He and other doctors who support a single-payer system gathered in Washington to meet with lawmakers and rally supporters . He may not be the president 's doctor anymore , but Scheiner says he 's trying to save the patient before it 's too late . CNN 's Ed Hornick and Brittany Cummings contributed to this report .	Dr. David Scheiner says president 's health care plan does n't go far enough He 's worried that "  private insurers continue to be a part of the health scheme " He 'd rather see the U.S. have a single-payer system like those in Canada , Europe He says he was supposed to speak at Obama town hall but was dropped from it
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court on Monday granted the court 's chief prosecutor permission to open an investigation into possible war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Ivory Coast during months of post-election turmoil last year . In his application to the judges for authorization in June , prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo cited sources who said at least 3,000 people were killed , 72 people disappeared and 520 others were subject to arbitrary arrest and detentions since the November 28 election that resulted in dispute . Incumbent Laurent Gbagbo refused to cede power even though challenger Alassane Ouattara was recognized as the winner . Months of bloodshed ensued , the political stalemate settled by Gbagbo 's capture in April . The prosecutor 's office said sources also reported 100 cases of rape , though the number of unreported incidents is thought to be considerably higher . The court said this was the first time it may open a case in a nation that is not a party to the Rome Statute , the treaty that established the International Criminal Court . But Ivory Coast has accepted the jurisdiction of the court . Human Rights Watch has urged the court to go beyond the latest wave of violence and look into other possible crimes committed during years of conflict and civil war . The global monitoring group said human rights abuses began with violence-marred elections in 2000 and continued in a subsequent armed conflict . It said cases of murder , sexual violence and the use of child soldiers have been documented under the control of Gbagbo and the current prime minister , Guillaume Soro . "  No one has been credibly prosecuted for the crimes during this period , and a 2004 U.N. Commission of Inquiry report on crimes during the 2002-2003 conflict also has been kept secret , " a Human Rights Watch statement said over the summer . Regardless of actions taken by the International Criminal Court , fair and impartial domestic trials will be of utmost importance , the rights group said .	The prosecutor asked the judges to authorize a probe In the application , sources said 3,000 people were killed Months of bloodshed followed a disputed November election Human Rights Watch urged a probe into earlier violence as well
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy is well versed to talk about the pressures the modern day sport star faces . As a former world No. 1 golfer and one half of a sporting super couple -- with tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki -- the Northern Irishman knows all about living in the full glare of the media spotlight . So perhaps it is not surprising that the two-time major winner has warned that as the global interest in sport increases , so will players have to deal with the type of stress-related illness that prompted England cricketer Jonathan Trott to pull out of the Ashes tour . Trott 's decision to come home from Australia has prompted a debate about the relentless schedule of many sports and the support on offer to players if they succumb to mental health issues . "  It 's sad to see something like that happen and it just shows what a mental toll sport can take on you sometimes , " McIlroy told reporters at Royal Sydney , ahead of this week 's Australian Open as he talked about Trott 's decision to leave the tour . "  Hopefully he gets home and spends some time with his family and recovers and can come back . "  As sport becomes so big and there 's so much pressure and so much on the line , it 's becoming more and more common that these sorts of stress-related illnesses are happening and it just shows how much of a mental toll it takes on you sometimes . " The rivalry between the England and Australia cricket teams is one of the oldest and fiercest in world sport , with the players often exchanging insults on the pitch -- a practice known as "  sledging . " The sledging in the current series , which Australia lead 1-0 after winning the first Test match in Melbourne , saw Australia captain Michael Clarke fined for a barb aimed at England bowler James Anderson . "  I think the sledging this year has probably been a bit worse than other years as well , " said McIlroy . "  It looks like they 're just having a go at each other after every ball ... it would be really tough to take that for however long you 're out there for . "  They seem to really get at each other 's throat whenever they 're in there . " For McIlroy , 2013 has been a frustrating year . Since switching to playing with Nike clubs , he has struggled to recapture the form which saw him win four PGA Tour and two European Tour events in 2012 as well as the PGA Championship . "  It 's been a long year , I guess mentally more than physically , " said the world No. 6 . "  Physically , golf does n't take that much out of you but mentally it 's quite draining , especially this year for me , not just the golf and being frustrated with my game but having to answer the questions and having to come up with reasons why I 'm not playing well and all that stuff . " McIlroy will hope to end the year with a win , but he is up against a strong field in Sydney featuring world No. 2 and home-crowd favorite Adam Scott . "  I 've said for the last couple of months I just wanted to try and finish this season strongly and get some momentum to go into 2014 , " added the 24-year-old McIlroy . "  This would be the perfect place to get that first win of the year and give me a sort of springboard into the next season . "	Rory McIlroy says pressure in sports is leading to increase in stress-relates illnesses England cricketer Jonathan Trott left the Ashes series this week citing a stress-related illness McIlroy says it shows the mental toll sport can take on athletes The Northern Irishman was speaking ahead of this week 's Australian Open in Sydney
CNN Student News  -- September 1 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • U.S. East Coast • Pakistan • Chile Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Welcome to our show . Why is NASA testing a rocket that might never get off the ground ? We 're launching into the details in today 's edition of CNN Student News . Hello everyone . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's get started . First Up : Hurricane Earl AZUZ : First up , Hurricane Earl . A viewer sent in the video you see over my shoulder here of Hurricane Earl . Yesterday , it was a category four hurricane with maximum winds around 135 miles per hour . This is a powerful storm . It 's in the Atlantic Ocean and expected to turn towards the U.S. east coast tomorrow . Officials say Earl probably wo n't make landfall ; that 's when the center of the hurricane actually reaches shore . But the storm is so big that FEMA , the Federal Emergency Management Agency , says people along the coast may need to evacuate . On Monday , rain and wind from Earl knocked out power for hundreds of thousands of people in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands . This iReport you 're looking at shows some of the flooding in Puerto Rico . Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? A kilometer is longer than a mile . Not at all ! It 's the other way around . A kilometer is about six-tenths of a mile . Pakistan Aid AZUZ : A lot of people in Pakistan are traveling more than a dozen kilometers to try and get away from dangerous flooding . If you 've been watching our show , you 've seen our reports about these floods . They 've killed more than 1,600 people in Pakistan and affected at least 17 million other people there . Aid is coming in from countries around the globe and from private companies : money , food , medical supplies . The U.S. is sending more helicopters to Pakistan to help distribute that aid top people who need it . Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN medical correspondent , is in Pakistan . He gives us a look at the journey that some families there are going through and the struggles that they 're facing . BEGIN VIDEO DR. SANJAY GUPTA , CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT : Most people actually are leaving like this : by foot , in the hot sun , walking for kilometers with no real idea of where exactly they 're going or what they 're going to find there . It is easy to see why they 're leaving . We are literally surrounded by water , and they 're worried that that water is just going to get higher and higher . So , they 're fleeing the floods with the thing , the priority that they value the most , their livestock , and just starting to walk . This is where so many of them ended up . They were just walking for kilometers and kilometers down that hot road , looking for high land , anything that could protect them from the flood waters . And look at what their lives are like now . Thousands of people , literally , they have this little barrier here . It is so hot outside , anything to try to keep themselves cool . There 's no question that relief is slow coming here , but even as we 're filming today at the camp , this Pakistani army helicopter comes over and drops parcels of food . But this is just one camp . There are thousands of camps like this . There are more than 20 million people displaced . A fifth of this country is under water . END VIDEO Trapped Miners AZUZ : Terrible conditions there . Now over in the South American country of Chile , efforts are underway to rescue 33 miners who are trapped more than 2,300 feet underground . They 've been down there since a cave-in back in early August . All 33 people who are trapped survived and officials think it could take several months before they get out . The plan right now is to drill down through all that rock to reach the miners . What they 're making at this time is called an excavation hole . That 's where the drill bit will go . Reports are that the miners are doing all right . They 're living off of supplies that are being sent down through bore holes . Now those things are only about 4 inches in diameter . A team from NASA is helping out with ideas on how to keep the miners healthy . Sound Check -LSB- SOUNDS OF ARES ROCKET TEST -RSB- Ares Rocket Test AZUZ : Behold : the Ares rocket . The thing kicks out 22 million horsepower . It could launch humans to the Moon , to Mars . It 's a huge part of NASA 's Constellation program . Just one problem : a lot of people do n't want it , including some officials at NASA . The White House canceled the Constellation program . A panel declared that the Ares rocket is too expensive and behind schedule . So , the big question . Why run the test ? Some members of Congress still want it . And since the money for Ares is still in the federal budget , at least for the moment , the company that makes the rocket is required to keep developing it , even if it never gets off the ground . This Day in History September 1 , 1897 -- The first U.S. subway line begins service in Boston September 1 , 1939 -- Germany invades Poland , launching the start of World War II September 1 , 1985 -- The wreck of the Titanic is found on the ocean floor Fix Our Schools AZUZ : Well , I know you guys get assignments every day . I had a little homework last Thursday after we wrapped up CNN Student News . It was to interview 11 high school students from around the state of Georgia , some of the state 's brightest for Fix our schools . This is a special project that 's running all over CNN all week long . It takes ideas from teachers , administrators and , yes , students to look at how schools can succeed even while they 're facing challenges . And you 've probably seen some of those challenges at your school . Now that homework assignment that I had - that group of high school juniors and seniors that I sat down to speak to - yesterday we brought you what they had to say about what makes schools good . Today , we 're focusing on teachers . BEGIN VIDEO AZUZ : Teachers , should they be your friends on Facebook ? FEMALE STUDENT : No . AZUZ : Anybody think so ? Go ahead . ALEXIS JOHNSON , CHAMBLEE CHARTER HIGH SCHOOL : OK . So , my teacher has her own Facebook page , and all of my friends add her , all my classmates . And it 's so convenient because we ask her a question on what homework we had that night and she automatically replies . AZUZ : Any of you think teachers should not be your friend on Facebook ? Want to say why ? JANVI CHAWLA , WALTON HIGH SCHOOL : I still really think a teacher is a teacher and students are just also there to learn . AZUZ : What qualities does a good teacher have ? Think of your best teacher . Tell me what he or she is like . Go ahead . MCCALL STILES , NORTH OCONEE HIGH SCHOOL : She had a way of adding humor to the class . But then when we were studying , she would be serious about it . And we had a level of respect for her because she added that comedic level to the classroom . AZUZ : Sort of a human factor ? STILES : Yes . MARIA FLORES , ETOWAH HIGH SCHOOL : If it were n't for the dedication , the passion that my teachers have , we would all probably be all failing in those classes . But it 's the fact that they 're willing to stay after school , to be there before school , to walk around during lunch and come say , "  Oh , you 're working on the homework ? How are you doing ? " AZUZ : So , I 'm hearing passion , dedication and humor . Let 's say your administration asks you to sit in on a hiring session . What qualities are you going to be looking for if you could make that decision to hire a teacher ? LARRY HOWARD , DEKALB SCHOOL OF THE ARTS : I would say someone that always prepares you for the next step . JULIA ABELSKY , NORTH SPRINGS CHARTER HIGH SCHOOL : I would definitely ask them to talk about the subject , maybe talk about their favorite ways to teach . Beause my teacher , he does n't teach the same way every day . He finds different ways to communicate the information . It really sticks once you laugh about it and you share experiences with your classmates . AZUZ : You are n't afraid of a challenging teacher as long as you 're learning something . Does anybody not like a hard teacher ? ALEX KELLY , CARVER HIGH SCHOOL : It depends on what you mean by "  hard teacher , " because there are teachers that be more hard than they should be . So , it 's a difference between being hard and overly aggressive . AZUZ : What do teachers do that make you shy away from learning ? ZACK KENT , APALACHEE HIGH SCHOOL : When you spend too much time on one subject and you ca n't complete the entire course , it makes me shy away from trying to study myself , because I think we 're going to spend that much time , the rest of the time , on each subject , that long . FLORES : Something that shies me away from learning is when I know what 's going to happen in the classroom . For instance , I had a math teacher that , every day , we would walk in and we knew what we were going to do . We were going to check homework , take notes , start on homework . So , I think adding creativity to the teaching really helps keep our attention in the front of the classroom . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go today is something we 've been laughing about at workall day long . Just watch it . Looks like man 's best friend is man 's best dance partner . That dog is burning up the dance floor , and this YouTube video is burning up the internet . You might think we 're just showing this just because it 's awesome video , and you 're right . But it also fits in with one of the main goals of CNN Student News . Goodbye AZUZ : Making sure our show has plenty of balance . Time to clear the dance floor for now . CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz . We return tomorrow fired up and ready to go . Looking forward to seeing you then .	Learn about some of the struggles facing flood victims in Pakistan Find out why NASA is testing a rocket that may never get off the ground Hear some students ' views on the qualities that define a good teacher Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Pacific island nation of Palau has agreed to take in 17 Chinese Muslims held at the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , the country 's ambassador to the United States said Wednesday . The map shows the Pacific island nation of Palau in relation to China . Details of the transfer are still being worked out , Ambassador Hersey Kyota told CNN . But Kyota said his country , a former U.S. Pacific trust territory , has agreed to take in the ethnic Uighur detainees "  for humanitarian reasons " and because of the "  special relationship " between Palau and the United States . U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly would not comment on the announcement , telling reporters , "  We 're still involved in ongoing discussions . " The agreement includes some U.S. aid for Palau , Kyota said , but he said those details remained to be worked out as well . The country , with a population of about 20,000 , is about 1,000 miles southeast of Manila , Philippines , and about 4,600 miles west of Hawaii . Palau has received nearly $ 900 million in U.S. aid since independence in 1994 , according to congressional auditors , and depends on Washington for defense . The "  Compact of Free Association " between Palau and the United States is up for review , but Kelly said any additional aid offer "  is not linked to any other discussions we may be having with the government of Palau . " The Uighurs were accused of receiving weapons and military training in Afghanistan . Some of the prisoners have been cleared for release from the Guantanamo Bay facility since 2003 , but the United States would not send them back to China out of concern that Chinese authorities would torture them . A federal court ordered the men released , but an appeals court halted that order . China has said no returned Uighurs would be tortured , but it has warned other countries against taking the men . Foreign Ministry spokesman Jiang Yu told reporters in February that the men "  must be handed over to China and brought to justice . "	Country 's ambassador to U.S. says agreement includes some aid to Palau Uighurs are native Chinese Muslims Palau agrees to take 17 Uighurs from Guantanamo Bay , Cuba U.S. would n't send Uighur detainees to China due to torture concerns
Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone has revealed that the inaugural Grand Prix of America in New Jersey will not take place as planned next year , saying the organizers have not raised enough money to fund it . Raced at 19 circuits around the world , F1 generates more than $ 4bn in revenues annually . The final 2014 calendar will be approved by motorsport 's governing body , the FIA , in December but new races need to have financing in place by now to ensure their plans are on track . It was recently revealed that the Grand Prix of America organizers appointed investment bank UBS in June to raise $ 100 million which is required for the race to go ahead . But Ecclestone told CNN that they have run out of time . "  It 's not on the cards for next year , " he said , adding that the problem is "  they have n't got any money . " However , Grand Prix of America spokesman Alex Howe insisted they expected the race would go ahead . "  We do n't comment on financial matters but we are on track for 2014 and will have a statement following the announcement of the official 2014 FIA Formula One World Championship schedule , " said the spokesman . The race was planned to take place on 3.2 miles of public roads in Port Imperial , a district in the New Jersey towns of West New York and Weehawken . It snakes alongside the Hudson river and would give the race a spectacular backdrop of Manhattan 's historic skyline . It has already been postponed once , having been initially scheduled for June this year . The wheels started to come off in August 2012 when Tom Cotter , the president of the race , unexpectedly resigned . Ecclestone put the brakes on it later that month when the organizers missed payment deadlines in their contract with the F1 Group . The Grand Prix of America is the only new F1 race for over 15 years to be dropped from its slot on the calendar . It is also a rare example of a race which was given an F1 contract without having the required funding in place . The most well-known previous example was that of English circuit Donington , which had a 17-year contract to host the British Grand Prix from 2010 . Instead , the race stayed at Silverstone after Citigroup failed to raise the # 135 million  $ 210 million  required to fund necessary improvements to Donington . Ecclestone said the situation in New Jersey "  is like Donington all over again " and added that "  it is such a muddle and a mess that it is not worth doing . " He said he originally signed the deal because he believed that the race 's promoter -- Leo Hindery Junior , managing partner of private equity fund InterMedia Partners -- would be able to raise the required funds . "  The guy is a multibillionaire and is well-known in New York , " Ecclestone said . Grand Prix of America spokesman Howe declined to comment when asked for a specific response to Ecclestone 's view that the situation in New Jersey was in disarray . Construction on the New Jersey site is well under way , and last year three-time world champion Sebastian Vettel and former F1 driver David Coulthard drove demonstration runs on the circuit for the Red Bull team . However , a lot of the work has focused on the pit building in a new block of garages which was already planned to be built . The plans are close to Ecclestone 's heart as he has been trying to hold a Grand Prix in the New York area since the 1980s . He has already provided more support to the New Jersey race organizers than their rivals usually receive . After tearing up the original contract last year , Ecclestone signed a new 15-year agreement in May when the organizers agreed to hire Chris Pook , one of his close confidantes and former chief executive of F1 's American motorsport rival IndyCar . Pook works alongside Hindery , who was the first investor in the race . In 2011 Hindery provided the initial $ 10.3 million investment in race organizing company Port Imperial Racing Associates  PIRA  and obtained an additional $ 10.1 million loan . In April this year the F1 Group itself provided the company with a credit facility personally guaranteed by Hindery , but it still needs $ 100 million to get the green light . F1 races require a high-octane level of investment . Tracks typically cost over $ 250 million to build , but using public roads avoids this expense . The downside is that there is no asset for investment to be secured on , so the budget for street races is usually supplemented with state funding . However , Hindery has confirmed that no public money will be used in the project . The race is part of F1 's strategy to break into the lucrative United States market , which is dominated by local rivals NASCAR and IndyCar . Gaining a foothold there is understood to be an important part of revving up the stalled plans to float F1 on the Singapore stock exchange . Stateside television coverage of F1 moved this year to the sports division of NBC , the oldest major broadcast network in the U.S. , and the U.S. Grand Prix returned to the calendar in 2012 after a five-year hiatus . It takes place in Austin , Texas , and a further race in California is also under consideration . Losing the New Jersey race could cost F1 more than $ 375 million across the duration of its contract , as the annual fee has been estimated at $ 25 million with a small escalation every year . However , the investment opportunity overview produced by UBS in June states that the Grand Prix of America contract gives the organizers "  exclusivity for all F1 races across the northeast corridor " so the vacant calendar slot could be filled by another new race in the area . Ecclestone is also known to be in discussion about a Grand Prix in Mexico City , which would also plug the gap left by New Jersey . Meanwhile , in other F1 news Friday , world champion Sebastian Vettel set the fastest time in practice for the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa . Vettel recorded a time of one minute 49.331 seconds , just edging Red Bull teammate Mark Webber by 0.059 seconds . Romain Grosjean , in third for Lotus , was almost a second slower in the afternoon session , while Britain 's Lewis Hamilton , who won the previous round in Hungary for Mercedes was only 12th quickest . Vettel achieved his time despite missing the last 20 minutes of the session with a rear puncture which left the tire shredded . Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso of Spain was quickest in the morning runs for Ferrari in wet conditions . Saturday sees final qualifying for Sunday 's race , with three-time defending champion Vettel defending a 38 point lead over Grosjean 's teammate Kimi Raikkonen of Finland in the title race .	The inaugural Grand Prix of America will not take place in 2014 , says F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says race organizers have been unable to raise funding New Jersey race had been originally scheduled for this year , but was canceled Sebastian Vettel fastest in first practice sessions for Belgian Grand Prix
Pakistan continued its crackdown on militants in North Waziristan for a sixth day Tuesday , killing more than 20 Taliban and other fighters with airstrikes , the Pakistani army said . Airstrikes early Tuesday killed 25 local and foreign militants at six terrorist hideouts , including a training camp and an IED-making factory , the army said in a statement . Over six days , more than 200 militants have been killed in airstrikes and ground assaults . At least eight soldiers have died in the fighting , which started after an airport attack in Karachi on June 10 by the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan . The group said the attack was carried out with the Pakistani Taliban . Dozens died during the siege of Pakistan 's largest airport , including the assailants . A curfew remains in effect , and all routes leading to North Waziristan remain sealed off with no one allowed to move out . Northwestern Pakistan is home to loosely governed tribal areas . It 's also a base for foreign fighters and a refuge for members of the Islamist militant Haqqani movement .	An army crackdown on militants in North Waziristan has killed more than 200 over six days At least eight soldiers have died in the fighting The military action comes after an airport attack by militants linked to the Taliban Roads out of North Waziristan remain sealed off , and a curfew is in effect
CNN  Even after decades of battling one of the world 's biggest killers , the treatment of cancer is still an inexact science . Successful methods such as chemotherapy work by killing the cancer cells , but they also destroy healthy tissue . Health practitioners have been searching for a magic bullet that goes straight to the source of the cancer -- and everything from monoclonal antibodies , which carry cancer drugs direct to cancer cells , to straight surgery to cut out tumors have been used with varying degrees of success . In Belgium , engineer and nuclear physicist Yves Jongen is pioneering a new therapy that targets cancers with proton radiation ; a therapy that offers precision and minimal side effects . "  I started to designing equipment  for  proton therapy of cancer -- that was a radically new idea , " Jongen told CNN . Encased in a two-metre thick concrete bunker that serves as a radiation shield , one of Jongen 's cyclotron machines produces proton beams to treat cancer patients . "  In this space we accelerate the protons and we give them a higher and higher velocity until they reach two thirds of the speed of light -- that 's 200,000 km per second and this acceleration takes place in the shape of a spiral , " he said . "  That 's needed if you want to be able to penetrate one foot into the body of a patient . " Once the proton beam has been generated , it 's piped into a treatment room where patients receive a powerful dose of targeted radiation that kills only those cancerous cells . "  It does a lot less collateral damage to the patient , " Jongen said . "  That 's the great thing about proton therapy . " While proton therapy is a giant step forward , it 's not yet the magic bullet that clinicians are looking for . So far , it is not effective against all types of cancer . "  There are a number of cancers which are not localized , " he said . "  If you look at leukemia , which is cancer of the blood cells , there is nowhere to shoot -- it 's all through the body . " The other drawback is that the cyclotron is not cheap . Each system -- and the bunker needed to house it -- does n't leave much change from $ 125 million . Currently there are just 43 operational particle therapy facilities worldwide , with a total of 121 treatment rooms . As the fame of the process has started to spread , some people have been taking desperate measures to get treatment . One British couple last year even sparked an international manhunt after they removed their son from hospital without doctors ' permission to get to a proton center in Prague in the Czech Republic . Proton treatment is limited on Britain 's National Health Service . Just one center in the north of the country offers proton therapy for certain types of eye tumors . Other centers , however , are currently in development . While the proton therapy market is expected to more than double by 2018 , with an estimated 300 proton therapy rooms , Jongen 's Brussels-based company IBA is working on a smaller and cheaper model they hope will make proton therapy more accessible . "  It would be much less expensive making it more possible for a hospital to afford it -- a smaller system can already treat a relatively large number of patients per year . " At the moment , fewer than 1 % of cancer patients are treated with proton therapy , but Jongen is hopeful that smaller and cheaper machines will be the game changer . "  I have a number of letters from parents of young kids saying if it had not been for this treatment we would have lost our kid , " he said . "  That 's something I really cherish . When I feel a bit depressed , for whatever reason , I go back to those letters and they are very exciting . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Digital nose on a chip can sniff out cancer Meet the world 's first 1,000 mph car Out of juice ? Try a cardboard battery	After decades of battling one of the world 's biggest killers , the treatment of cancer is still an inexact science Successful treatments such as chemotherapy work by killing the cancer cells , but they also destroy healthy tissue In Belgium , one company is pioneering a new therapy that targets cancers with proton radiation The machines cost as much as $ 125 million , but the company is developing a smaller system for hospitals
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The U.S. Open has a reputation for testing the world 's best golfers with the most demanding courses . The 2002 US Open at Bethpage Black featured punishing rough and heavy rain . The competition is designed to challenge , traditionally favoring courses that feature brutal rough and narrow fairways . This year 's U.S. Open is no exception , taking place at Bethpage Black in Long Island , New York , widely regarded as one of the toughest courses in the game . The U.S. Open was first staged at Bethpage in 2002 , when it became the first municipal course to host the competition and , at 7,214 yards , the longest course in the competition 's history . Those who played at Bethpage 2002 still have the scars to prove it . Heavy rain and swirling wind turned the event into an endurance contest . It was survival of the fittest , with Tiger Woods the only competitor to finish under par , ending the tournament three under . Those brave enough to return to Bethpage on Thursday will find there have been a few changes . For starters , the course has been lengthened by 200 yards , which will make the grueling course even more exhausting . More welcome will be the introduction of "  graduated " primary rough . That means there will be a strip of intermediate rough next to the fairway , and beyond that there a strip of primary rough approximately two-and-a-half to three inches deep , followed by a second cut of rough , which will be about four to six inches deep and stretch to the gallery rope lines . The idea is to penalize narrow misses less severely than big misses : a player who hits his shot slightly off target will land in the shorter cut of rough , an easier shot than the longer second cut . See our choice of 10 golfers to watch at the U.S. Open . " Mike Davis , senior director of rules and competitions for the United States Golf Association , has said the course will be structurally very similar to 2002 , but there will be more "  risk and reward " opportunities . That means there are more holes where golfers can choose to gamble from the tee . A well-executed drive will save strokes and a misplaced drive could cost them dear . The sheer length of the course is likely to favor the game 's big hitters . That includes the likes of Tiger Woods , the golfer who most successfully tamed Bethpage in 2002 . Woods also showed his big-course credentials by winning last year 's U.S. Open at Torrey Pines , which topped Bethpage with its 7,643-yard course . The distance the golfers have to cover will probably favor those in good physical condition . But the size of Bethpage is not the only thing that will decide the contest . Graduated or not , the rough will be a real problem , making accurate driving a necessity . Phil Mickelson will go into the tournament as one of the favorites , but he will need to be precise from the tee , not one of his strong points . Patience will be a virtue . The fact that it is such a tough course means competitors will have to accept that they will not be able to get under par on many of the holes . On the other hand those new "  risk and reward " holes will give gamblers the opportunity to throw caution to the wind if they are falling off the pace . The golfers and spectators will no doubt be hoping for better weather than in 2002 , but even in glorious sunshine , it will still be the kind of tournament that separates the men from the boys . U.S. golfer John Daly failed to qualify for the U.S. Open last week , but he was full of praise for the course , saying "  I love Bethpage . It 's the ultimate major course . It 's fair . It 's so hard they really ca n't make it any harder . "	The U.S. Open is known for testing golfers with the most demanding courses This year 's U.S. Open will be take place at Bethpage Black in New York State Bethpage Black is known for being a long course with punishing rough
New York  CNN  -- He was suddenly among the most notorious , hunted men in the world , but in the hours after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , Osama bin Laden was n't concerned with running or hiding . His first order of business was instead to see Kuwaiti religious scholar Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , said federal prosecutor John Cronan Monday during his closing argument in Abu Ghaith 's trial on charges he aided terrorists . The trial , in its third week , is being held blocks away from the site of Manhattan 's World Trade Center , and several survivors of the attacks and family members of victims were in attendance Monday . Cronan told the jury Abu Ghaith played a crucial role as the organization 's principal spokesman , helping "  restore al Qaeda 's trove of new terrorists " as missions turned its members into martyrs . "  Without people like him , al Qaeda dies with every suicide attack , " Cronan said . Abu Ghaith testified last week he never joined the ranks of al Qaeda and assisted bin Laden only as a speaker on religious and spiritual topics . He conceded to taking on a larger role after the September 11 meeting , when bin Laden asked him to help "  deliver a message to the world , " and he appeared in a series of videos making passionate calls for further attacks on Americans . Defense attorney Stanley Cohen accused prosecutors of using 9/11 imagery in lieu of evidence of his client 's guilt and told the jurors he had counted 172 references to Osama bin Laden and 9/11 during the first half of the prosecution 's closing argument . "  It was intended to sweep you away in anguish and pain and to ask for retaliation , " he told the panel . "  It was intended to make you look away from the evidence . " He said none of the government 's witnesses conclusively tied his client to terrorism-related activities , including a terrorism specialist with the Federal Bureau of Investigation and two cooperating former al Qaeda members . Cohen asked the jury to send its own message to the world with its verdict : that the American system of justice works fairly , and that simply calling someone a terrorist is not enough for a criminal conviction . "  This is Abu Ghaith , " said the attorney , motioning to his client . "  He 's a Muslim , an Arab , an imam . He 's a human being . " The jury is expected to begin its deliberations Tuesday morning .	Prosecution and defense appeal to jury in trial of Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law Sulaiman Abu Ghaith aided al Qaeda as its main spokesman , prosecutor says Nothing ties Abu Ghaith to terrorism , his defense attorney counters Jury is expected to begin deliberating Tuesday
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Militants shot dead 17 people overnight , including 10 local Police officers , as the victims slept , in eastern Afghanistan , officials said Wednesday . The attack took place at a police outpost in Ghazni province , according to the provincial governor . In addition to the officers , seven of their friends and relatives who were spending the night were also killed , Gov. Musa Khan Akbarzada said . Authorities are trying to determine how the militants gained access to the sleeping quarters . In a separate incident , a suicide bomber targeted an Afghan National Army bus in western Kabul , injuring six personnel and one civilian , according to Kabul police chief Mohammad Ayoub Salangi . The Taliban claimed responsibility for both attacks .	The victims also include civilians Authorities are trying to determine how the militants gained access In a separate incident , a suicide bomber wounds seven in Kabul The Taliban claim responsibility for both attacks
CNN  -- A veteran House representative from Texas is under fire for awarding charitable scholarships associated with the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation to her family members and relatives of an aide . Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson  D-TX  has said she will repay all the scholarship money this week that went to relatives , a foundation spokeswoman told CNN 's "  AC 360 . " Todd Gillman , The Dallas Morning News ' Washington bureau chief , told "  AC 360 " that new documents show Johnson awarded scholarship money to her grandsons , David and Kirk Johnson , as well as the children of her Dallas district director , Rod Givens , last year . Each of the relatives were awarded two scholarships last year . Johnson is a former chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus and is a former board member of the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation , which gives each member $ 10,000 every year to award as scholarships to students in each member 's district . The scholarship money comes from tax-deductible charitable donations . The newspaper reported that Johnson has awarded more than $ 25,000 in scholarships to two grandsons , two great-nephews , and Givens ' children in the past five years . David Johnson received scholarships three years in a row , and Kirk Johnson won scholarships four years in a row . Johnson 's great-nephew Preston A. Moore received scholarships for three consecutive years , and her great-nephew Gregory D. Moore II received money for two consecutive years . The Congressional Black Caucus Foundation 's rules state eligible students must attend school in the district of the caucus member and not be related to anyone affiliated with the caucus . In addition to violating the latter rule , none of Johnson 's nor Givens ' relatives who received scholarships lived in Johnson 's district , according to the newspaper . "  AC 360 " invited Johnson and Givens to appear on the show Monday night , but was told they were unavailable . Muriel Cooper , spokeswoman for the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper the organization is taking the situation very seriously . "  Rep. Johnson told us that she did not know the rules of our scholarships , and that once she realized she erred , she would make retribution to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation in terms of returning the money , " she said . "  This is the first time , to our knowledge , this has happened . " When asked about oversight and whether the foundation has ever investigated where the scholarship money goes , Cooper said , "  We 've had no reason to investigate . " She said the foundation 's board members will examine the situation , and board members will go back and review applications to ensure students met the qualifications . But Johnson is a former board member of the foundation , and some wonder whether an independent investigator needs to be involved . "  I ca n't address that issue , " Cooper said . "  All I can say is that we will send it back to our board . But certainly we do n't want this to happen again . " Johnson has told the newspaper that when she signed off on the list of names of students who were to receive scholarships , she recognized the names , but also said , "  immediate family does n't include grandchildren . " But according to her website , "  Congresswoman Johnson counts among her greatest accomplishments her son , Kirk , and her three grandsons , Kirk Jr. , David , and James . " Johnson told the newspaper if there had been more "  very worthy applicants in my district , " she probably would not have given the scholarship money to the relatives . Some students in Johnson 's district may not have known the opportunity existed . Unlike other members of the Congressional Black Caucus , Johnson does not publicize the scholarship on her website . Scholarship applicants also have to sign off on an agreement saying they are not related to anyone associated with the caucus or the caucus foundation . It 's unclear whether the relatives of Johnson and Givens were instructed to say they were not related . Johnson is running for her 10th term as representative of Texas ' 30th Congressional district , which covers parts of Dallas and the surrounding area .	The money comes from donations to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Scholarship rules prohibit relatives from receiving money Relatives of Johnson and her aide receive more than $ 25,000 in scholarships Johnson says she will repay the scholarship money that went to family members
CNN  -- First , let 's be clear : No one can blame voters if they a  are turned off by this election , b  are worried more about other things in their lives and c  do n't think that it matters much who controls the Senate , which is what is up for grabs this year . I mean , who could be inspired by Kentucky Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes as she refuses to say whether she voted for President Obama , citing her constitutional right to privacy .  As a public candidate for public office , no less .  And then there 's her opponent , Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell , who is so eager to win re-election  and possibly lead a Senate majority  that while calling for the repeal of Obamacare , he also says that the Kentucky health care exchange -- which is working well -- could continue . "  I think it 's fine to have a website , " he allowed . Huh ? So OK , I get that , to a degree , this is a Seinfeld election , a show about nothing . Except for this : When the show is over , and if control of the Senate changes to the Republicans , it could matter . Not in the suddenly-we-are-all-going-to-work-together kind of way . But rather , in the it 's - in-my-self-interest-to-get-something-done kind of way . Without being too Pollyannish , let me posit this : If there is unified Republican control of the legislative branch , Republicans would be smart to do some much-needed repair work on the brand . This is not an argument for voting for Republicans ; it 's a possible route out of the gridlock . Right now , too many voters see the GOP as just the party of stopping stuff , not inventing stuff . In a midterm election , that can work : Obama is unpopular , tie all candidates to Obama . Bingo , Senate majority . But if Republicans take charge of the Congress , they will have run out of excuses . And they will have the opportunity to say , hey , it was n't us bollixing up the works . It was Harry Reid . Ah , you say , but what about President Obama ? He 's got a legacy to think about , and he 'll be thinking about it , you can be sure . He 's got as much self-interest here as does the GOP brand : He came into the White House with a vision of a transformational presidency . He 's now all about issuing executive actions . That 's not what he really wants , either . The issue that comes to mind , of course , is immigration reform -- which has been hanging out there so long it just gets messier and messier . The governing conundrum is outlined perfectly in The New York Times Upshot analysis : In order to keep their House majority , congressional Republicans do n't need Hispanic votes . Not one . And Hispanics are conspicuously underrepresented as voters in most of the pivotal Senate races of 2014 , excepting Colorado . But if the GOP actually wants to win a presidential election , author Nate Cohn writes , "  the Republicans will need a substantial number of Hispanic votes . " All of which means that , at a certain point , GOP leaders need to decide one thing : Do they want to remain a congressional party ? Or would they actually like to become a presidential party once again ? If they do something -- and get the issue off the front burner -- they might actually have a shot at it . Their biggest burden : convince the recalcitrant , self-interested , hell-no rank-and-filers to actually get something done . For the party . And , by the way , for the country . There 's one logic that rules midterm elections -- in which GOP candidates have political reasons to rail against immigration reform . Then there 's another logic that takes hold when you try to set the table for a presidential candidate , and campaign -- no matter what some party diehards argue . Presidential elections are about big things . Parties -- and candidates -- that shrink from solutions seem small , unworthy . Sure , it depends on the GOP candidate .  As in : Chris Christie or Ted Cruz ?  And it also depends on President Obama . What can he accept as a compromise ? Would he be willing to accept a measure that provides some sort of secure legal status rather than a complete path to citizenship ? And how would Democrats react to that ? Lots of unknowns , of course . And one of the biggest is whether Republicans -- after more than four years out of the White House -- have learned how tough it is to run the country from the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue . If they have n't figured that out , then the cynicism will be warranted . This election wo n't matter .	Gloria Borger says some argue this year 's election is about nothing She says Republicans have a chance to make a difference after the midterms Borger : If they do well and gain influence , will they want to give party a positive message ? Borger : Immigration reform could test whether GOP wants to control White House again
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A 3-year-old girl in Afghanistan has been diagnosed with the first case of polio in the country 's capital in 13 years , the Afghan Health Ministry said . Ministry spokesman Kaneshka Turkistani this is Kabul 's first polio case since 2001 . He said the Health Ministry has started an anti-polio vaccine campaign in Kabul . So far this year , two polio cases have been registered nationwide with the Afghan Health Ministry . Last year , 14 polio cases were registered . Polio is a highly infectious viral disease that can cause permanent paralysis in just hours . It has been eradicated around the world except for just a handful of countries . In addition to Afghanistan , polio is still endemic in Pakistan and Nigeria . CNN 's Saima Mohsin contributed to this report .	Polio has been eradicated in most of the world It is still endemic in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Nigeria The disease can cause permanent paralysis
CNN  -- Most 13-year-old boys would be happy to win their local golf club 's junior tournament . But Guan Tian-Lang is n't like other boys . The Chinese prodigy is set to make history this week when he smashes the record for the youngest player in a European Tour event . On Thursday , the world junior champion will tee off at the Volvo China Open at the tender age of just 13 years and 177 days , shattering the record set by Taiwan 's Lo Shih-Kai -- who was 103 days older when he played at the 2003 Hong Kong Open . Guan narrowly missed out in a qualifying event three weeks ago , but a last-minute clearance by the China Golf Association has given the Guangzhou schoolboy the chance join his heroes at Tianjin Binhai Lake Golf Club in an event co-sanctioned with the OneAsia Tour . He will join an elite 156-man field including Ian Poulter , who finished seventh at this month 's U.S. Masters , and the Englishman 's fellow Ryder Cup star Paul Casey -- both former top-10 ranked players . "  I really could n't be happier -- I 'm so excited right now , " Guan said on the European Tour website . "  I was really disappointed to lose out in the playoff and I thought I 'd blown a great chance to make history , but then to find out I 'm actually going to play is like a dream come true . " But the talented teen is n't just happy to play -- he wants to create more history by making the halfway cut . His compatriot Jason Hak was 14 years and 304 days old when he did so at the 2008 Hong Kong Open . "  My goal now is to be the youngest player ever to make the cut in a European Tour event , and I think if I can shoot level par or better I 'll have a good chance to do that , " Guan said . Guan is also aiming to qualify for the U.S. Open in July , but insists his success on the course has not hampered his studies -- in fact , he 's one of the top pupils in his class . "  I do n't take schoolwork with me when I travel -- I just work very hard when I 'm at school in Guangzhou , " he said . "  Actually I 'm doing pretty well right now and my grades are high . My favorite subjects are English and PE . " Guan , who started playing golf as a four-year-old , claimed the world junior crown last year in San Diego by 11 shots on the back of a flawless first-round 63 , featuring nine birdies . He is now tipped to also become the youngest player to ever compete in the Australian Masters in November and Australian Open in December . If he does play Down Under , he may have the chance to follow in the footsteps of New Zealand 's Lydia Ko , who at the age of 14 this year became the youngest professional winner at a women 's tournament in New South Wales . Japan 's Ryo Ishikawa previously held the record when he won on the Japan Tour in 2007 , aged 15 . "  Anyone who has seen Guan play would not rule him out from making the cut -- he really is a talented young player . He displays a maturity well beyond his 13 years and does n't seem fazed by spectators or the intrusive nature of the media , " China Open operations director Alistair Polson said . "  Being a local player I expect he will receive a lot of media attention so I hope he does well and gives the fans something to cheer about . "	China 's Guan Tian-Lang , 13 , will be the youngest ever player in a European Tour event The Guangzhou schoolboy will break record at Volvo China Open , aged 13 years , 177 days World junior champion keen to make the cut in China and qualify for the U.S. Open in July Child prodigy is also one of the top pupils in his class
CNN  -- World Cup stars Bruno Alves and Miguel Veloso are poised to leave Portugal for new clubs in Russia and Italy . Defender Alves , who played in all of Portugal 's games in South Africa , will join Zenit St. Petersburg subject to passing a medical after his club Porto agreed a fee of $ 29 million . The 28-year-old must also negotiate personal terms , Porto said in a website statement on Tuesday . He has been at Porto , who finished third in the Portuguese league last season , since 2001 but has only been a first-team regular for the past five years . Zenit , the 2007 Russian champions and winners of the the UEFA Cup the following year , were also third in their league . Meanwhile , Veloso will leave Sporting Lisbon and join Genoa in a deal worth a reported $ 12 million , which will rise with various clauses . The 24-year-old played twice at the World Cup , where Portugal lost in the second round to neighbors and eventual champions Spain . He follows fellow midfielder Joao Moutinho in leaving Sporting , following that player 's $ 14 million switch to Porto , with Genoa 's Spanish midfielder Alberto Zapater moving to Lisbon . "  Sporting have reached an agreement in principle with Genoa for the transfer of Miguel Veloso and the acquisition of Alberto Zapater , with the consent of both players , " Sporting said in a statement on Tuesday . Meanwhile , English champions Chelsea will sign Brazil defender Ramires from Portuguese league winners Benfica according to several British media reports . The 23-year-old is due to have a medical before signing a four-year contract by the end of this week , claimed the Daily Mail newspaper .	Portugal defender Bruno Alves to have medical at Russian club Zenit St. Petersburg Porto agree a transfer fee of $ 29 million for the 28-year-old World Cup star Sporting Lisbon agree to sell Portugal midfielder Miguel Veloso to Italy 's Genoa English champions Chelsea linked with move for Benfica 's Brazil defender Ramires
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius was in a "  loving and caring relationship " with Reeva Steenkamp , the girlfriend he is accused of murdering , the sprinter 's agent testified Tuesday . Pistorius involved his girlfriend in conversations about business and wanted her to travel with him so she could see what his life was like , Peet van Zyl said on the stand at the athlete 's murder trial . He was excited about taking her to a concert by Italian opera singer Andrea Bocelli , the agent said . The double amputee sprinter is on trial for killing Steenkamp in February last year . He admits killing her but says he mistook her for a burglar and thought he was defending himself . The prosecution says the two had an argument and he killed her intentionally . Van Zyl described the sprinter as "  hypervigilant " and "  always fidgety , " saying Pistorius once grabbed his arm when they heard a bang on a street in New York , and liked to sit where he could see the exits when they went to restaurants . But he denied that the athlete was prone to outbursts of anger . Van Zyl had lost his temper more often than Pistorius during the years they worked together , he said . The main Pistorius defense lawyer , Barry Roux , questioned van Zyl Tuesday morning before handing him over to prosecutor Gerrie Nel . Nel , an aggressive , sometimes sneering interrogator , attacked van Zyl from the outset , pressing the agent to say part of his job was to deal with Pistorius ' bad press . But Nel did not question van Zyl for long before requesting an adjournment for the rest of the day . He said he was not expecting van Zyl as a witness and needed more time to prepare to question him about the athlete 's character . The hearing concluded for the day before lunch and will resume on Wednesday for its 36th day . Screams like a woman ? Van Zyl took the stand after an acoustics expert , Ivan Lin , was cross-examined about sounds on the night of killing . Some neighbors have described hearing a woman 's screams between shots the night Steenkamp died , which the prosecution suggests was the argument that led to her death . But the defense has argued that Pistorius sounds "  like a woman screaming " when he 's anxious , and says it was his screams that ear-witnesses heard . On the stand for the defense Monday , Lin said "  typically " one can differentiate between male and female screams , but not without exception . Nel pressed him on the point but made little headway on Tuesday . The prosecutor did get Lin to concede that state witnesses could have heard screaming from the Pistorius house on the night of the killing from their homes up to 177 meters  580 feet  away . Mentally sound The trial restarted Monday after a monthlong break when Pistorius was evaluated by mental health experts at the prosecution 's request . They found he was not mentally incapacitated when he shot and killed Steenkamp . According to the findings by an independent panel of doctors , Pistorius did not suffer from a mental defect or mental illness at the "  time of the commission of the offense that would have rendered him criminally not responsible of the offenses charged . " The report added that "  Mr. Pistorius was capable of appreciating the wrongfulness of his act . " Had the doctors deemed Pistorius mentally incapacitated during the shooting , the trial would have immediately ended in a verdict of not guilty by reason of mental illness . Verdict At the trial 's conclusion , Judge Thokozile Masipa will have to decide whether Pistorius genuinely made a mistake or killed Steenkamp intentionally . If she does not believe the athlete thought there was an intruder , she will find him guilty of murder and sentence him to at least 15 years in prison and possibly life . South Africa does not have the death penalty . If Masipa accepts that Pistorius did not know Steenkamp was the person he was shooting at , she could find him guilty of culpable homicide , a lesser charge than murder , or acquit him , according to CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps . A verdict of culpable homicide would leave the sentence at Masipa 's discretion . Read more : Judge sends Pistorius for psychiatric tests CNN 's Brent Swails contributed to this report from Pretoria .	NEW : The prosecution asks for more time to prepare to question agent Peet van Zyl An acoustics expert is grilled about whose screams neighbors heard Pistorius is accused of deliberately shooting his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp He says he shot Steenkamp accidentally in his bathroom , mistaking her for an intruder
CNN  -- I am an American Muslim . When I was growing up in a small town in upstate New York , the America I lived in cherished diversity and the freedom to worship , regardless of one 's religion . People of various faiths resided in my community : Protestants , Catholics , Jews , Muslims , Hindus , Sikhs and Mormons . How a person prayed was never a factor in how we treated each other . Yet today , Muslims in America are viewed as suspect and legitimate targets for surveillance by the New York Police Department because of their faith . This is not the America I know , and it is time for the courts to weigh in and ban discriminatory policing by the NYPD . Let me be clear : Anyone who engages in criminal acts should be stopped and brought to justice . But the NYPD can do that without targeting an entire community for blanket surveillance . The NYPD has been spying on American Muslims in New York as well as in towns , communities and college campuses throughout the Northeast . In New Jersey , for example , the NYPD visited mosques , schools , Muslim-owned restaurants and small stores and took photographs and videos of people and their cars , collecting information about ordinary people 's daily lives , clothing and eating habits . Muslims have been a part of America since the first slave ships arrived . We have contributed to our nation 's growth and fought and given up our lives defending it . Today , we are as diverse as our nation : We are white , black , Latino , Pakistani , Indian , Arab , Iranian and Indonesian . We are teachers , doctors , lawyers , engineers , store owners and business leaders . We are members of the military and Congress . But living freely as a Muslim in America today has become increasingly difficult . In New York and New Jersey , worshipers at local mosques fear that their discussions may be monitored and misinterpreted by police informants . Store owners wonder whether one of the customers might be an undercover cop looking to eavesdrop . Parents of college students caution their children about participating in Muslim student group activities . More than 100 faiths and civil liberties organizations have publicly objected to the NYPD 's conduct . They are joined by numerous public officials , including 35 members of Congress . Newark Mayor Cory Booker and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie have voiced their objections . In addition , Reps. Rush Holt of New Jersey , Judy Chu of California and Keith Ellison of Minnesota have recently introduced a resolution condemning the NYPD 's discriminatory practices and calling for an investigation of the NYPD . Despite all this outrage , New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania and federal officials with an obligation to enforce the law and protect Americans have refused to launch an investigation . That is why today , victims of NYPD 's spying program have stepped up and filed a lawsuit against the police department , asking a federal court in New Jersey to ban religious discrimination by law enforcement . Since public officials with direct oversight responsibility have turned a blind eye toward this bigotry , the victims have bravely come forward , turning to the courts as a last resort . This lawsuit is about the pervasive and discriminatory policies and practices that Commissioner Ray Kelly and his leadership team have put into motion and that need to stop . Standing up to the largest police department in the country takes courage , and these brave individuals have done so in order to protect America 's future . The plaintiffs in this lawsuit include college students , a military serviceman who has put his life on the front lines in Iraq and a small-business owner who is also a Vietnam veteran . They are ordinary Americans just trying to live a normal life , raising their families and supporting their country . These plaintiffs are parents , students , business leaders and service members who enrich our communities . Their only "  crime " is that they are Muslim in America . Throughout our nation 's history , the courts have often been called upon to protect fundamental rights and defend justice . Following this well-worn path , American Muslims are now raising their voices and knocking on the courthouse door , determined that our system of justice will protect the rights of all Americans . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Farhana Khera .	Farhana Khera : Muslims are targets of surveillance by the NYPD because of their faith Khera : Victims of NYPD 's spying program are stepping up to file a lawsuit She says living freely as a Muslim in America today has become increasingly difficult Khera : It is time for the courts to weigh in and ban discriminatory action by the police
Cairo  CNN  The actions of the Islamic State are anything but Islamic , and Muslims must battle extremism to maintain the religion 's message of mercy , the grand mufti of Egypt told CNN . Sheikh Shawky Ibrahim Abdel-Karim Allam spoke about the recent execution of a Jordanian pilot at the hands of ISIS . Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh , 27 , was burned alive while confined in a cage . "  What happened to the Jordanian pilot is by all means a crime . This barbaric action is far away from humanity , much less religions . Islam is innocent of this act , " the grand mufti said on Thursday . Allam leads Dar El-Ifta , or the House of Fatwas , the premier authority in Islamic legal interpretations . The institution was founded in 1895 , although the grand muftis of Egypt have been interpreting Islam for 800 years . It releases more than 500,000 edicts a year . The battle is ideological , Allam said , and the fight is not confined to Egypt or the Middle East . "  Violence and radicalization have become an international phenomenon that has no home or belief . But it runs through the entire world , " he said . The pilot 's death was captured in a horrific video that was posted online this week . ISIS has distributed footage of its executions before , but previous videos showed beheadings . The grand mufti weighed whether beheadings could ever be justified by Islam . He considered the example of Saudi Arabia , a key U.S. ally in the region . There , defendants may be sentenced to death and beheaded . "  What happens in Saudi Arabia is based on judicial investigations and implementing the predominant law . If it is the case , then we respect the rule of law in this state , " Allam said . By contrast , he argued , ISIS does not follow any system of investigation . "  Everything ISIS does is far away from Islam . What it is doing is a crime by all means , " the grand mufti said . Earlier this year , Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi called for a "  religious revolution . " Allam believes in the need for reform , but he also believes the foundation of Islam must remain untouched . What does this mean ? It means "  renewing the methods , renewing the tools , and renewing the way Islam 's teachings are presented , " Allam said . "  At the same time , we preserve and uphold the stable pillars of religion . Rattling the pillars leads to destabilizing communities . " In an effort to reclaim the voice of Islam from radical groups , Dar Al-Ifta issues publications in 10 languages , engages in awareness campaigns and joins regional and international efforts to battle extremist ideas and to present a better image of Islam . The grand mufti 's advice to young Muslims is to seek specialized scholars to understand the true meaning of Islam . "  We tell youth , Islam did n't carry a message of sabotage and destruction . It only came to serve humanity , to achieve world peace and bring mercy to the world , " he said .	Grand mufti of Egypt says actions of ISIS are far from Islamic Sheikh Shawky Ibrahim Abdel-Karim Allam leads the premier authority in Islamic legal interpretations
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Oil companies Shell and BP began evacuating nonessential personnel from their drilling platforms in the Gulf of Mexico on Saturday as officials kept a wary eye on a tropical storm churning toward Mexico that could wreak havoc on oil spill cleanup efforts . As much as 2.5 million gallons of oil could flow into the Gulf for two weeks if Tropical Storm Alex forces a work stoppage at the ruptured BP well , the government 's disaster response manager said . Adm. Thad Allen said gale-force winds near the well head would prompt an evacuation of the thousands of workers and vessels involved in the oil recovery and cleanup effort . Both Shell and BP were taking precautions ahead of the storm . About 300 people were evacuated from Shell 's production platforms and drilling rigs Saturday , company spokesman Bill Tanner said , adding that evacuations will continue Sunday . BP began similar evacuations Saturday from three of its rigs in the far south of the Gulf , spokesman Neil Chapman said . He noted that the evacuations do not include anyone involved in the Deepwater Horizon response efforts . If Alex forces a stoppage in cleanup , however , Allen said it would take 14 days to put everything back in place . That means the containment cap would be off for that period , allowing oil to flow freely . Researchers have estimated that between 35,000 barrels -- about 1.5 million gallons -- and 60,000 barrels -- about 2.5 million gallons -- of oil are gushing into the ocean every day . Anxiety levels rose Saturday as Alex churned toward Mexico with a potential for hurricane-force winds in the coming days . The latest computer models show the predicted path of the storm passing well south of the United States , making landfall in Mexico as a hurricane in the middle of the week , according to the National Weather Service . If it continues on its predicted track , the storm would not directly pass over oil-affected areas -- but forecasters have not ruled out an easterly shift in Alex 's path . "  We all know the weather is unpredictable , and we could have a sudden last-minute change , " Allen said . Alex -- the first named storm of what is expected to be a fierce Atlantic hurricane season -- formed in the Caribbean on Saturday and had maximum sustained winds near 65 mph . It was heading toward Belize and Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula . Allen said it would take five days to evacuate more than 38,000 people and 6,000 vessels that are involved in the oil response as well as the two rigs that are collecting about 24,500 barrels of oil a day from the well , Allen said . He told CNN there is "  no playbook " when it comes to responding to a massive oil spill as a storm brews . "  But I will tell you there 's been an extraordinary amount of planning being done , " he said . BP plans to place a third rig called the Helix Producer at the well site next week , which will increase the amount of oil being captured to 53,000 barrels a day , Allen said . That , too , could be disrupted if Alex affects the area . Gulf Coast residents feared that high winds and storm surges could spread the slick and push more oil ashore into bays , estuaries and pristine beaches , exacerbating the oil disaster triggered by BP 's ruptured well . "  The greatest nightmare with this storm approaching is that it takes this oil on the surface of the Gulf and blows it over the barrier islands into the bays and the estuaries , " Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , told CNN . "  And that is where you really get the enormous destruction , because it 's just very difficult to clean up those pristine bays . " Also Saturday , Americans took to beaches from coast to coast to protest offshore oil drilling . They held hands and formed lines in the sand . "  I believe Americans need to stand together and take our energy future back from the grip of the oil industry , " said Dave Rauschkolb , a restaurant owner from Seaside , Florida , who founded Hands Across the Sand . Deepwater drilling could resume by the end of July after U.S. District Judge Martin Feldman in New Orleans , Louisiana , on Thursday denied a request to keep a six-month moratorium imposed by President Barack Obama on May 27 in place , pending a government appeal . The government has 30 days to show it is beginning to comply with Feldman 's order and start issuing permits . The appeals process can continue , but until the appeal , the government must act as if Feldman 's order will be upheld . While protesters lined the sand , Alex moved toward Mexico , no one knowing whether it would make a sudden turn north into the open Gulf . CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis said the "  preferred scenario " actually would be for Alex to head to northern Florida . That 's because the oil spill has been gradually rotating counterclockwise . If the storm heads to the east of it , it would send the oil farther out to sea . If the storm heads more directly towards the central Gulf and Louisiana , it might push the oil toward Florida . "  We 've never been in this situation before , " Maginnis said . "  We 've never seen an oil spill that encompassed the Gulf like this , end up so close to shore . " A powerful storm would also complicate efforts to clean up miles of coastline . "  It 's going to mean we 're going to have to find a way to maneuver all our resources , change things , " said Grover Robinson , chairman of the Escambia County Commission in Pensacola , Florida . "  We wo n't be able to fight the oil for a couple of days . And we have no idea about winds and current and what it will do to the oil in the gulf . So obviously , it 's a very big concern for us . " Allen said he and some top Obama administration officials , including Vice President Joe Biden , will be headed back to the Gulf region next week to assess the oil relief efforts . CNN 's Chuck Johnston , Brandon Miller , T.J. Holmes and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : Shell , BP evacuate nonessential personnel from Gulf of Mexico platforms If stopped , oil recovery could be suspended for two weeks Alex could push more oil ashore Alex moving toward Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- Iran will continue with its peaceful nuclear program and push to reengage with the world and build its economy , President Hassan Rouhani said Thursday in a speech at the World Economic Forum . Rouhani , who became President in August , said his country would "  under no conditions give up its right to pursue peaceful technology . " But , he said , the six-month nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers , which limits the country 's nuclear program in exchange for lighter sanctions , opens the door to greater Iranian engagement with the world . "  What we have achieved is not merely a temporary agreement but a prelude to future agreement and engagement , " Rouhani said . In Thursday 's speech , he said he would push for improved ties with the world as part of his drive to make the Iranian economy one of the top 10 within the next three decades . Iran 's economy ranked 22nd in the world in 2012 , based on gross domestic product , according to the World Bank . "  I view Iran 's economy as the most congruent , capable and closest to that of successful emerging economies , and I see Iran 's place alongside them in the future , " Rouhani said . He said the country intended to reopen trade and industrial and economic relations with its neighbors -- but that does n't appear to include Israel . Responding to a question from World Economic Forum founder Klaus Schwab on whether Iran 's approach included all countries , Rouhani said : "  All countries that Iran has officially recognized are inside the circle . " "  East and West , North and South -- there are no exceptions , " he said . Since the Iranian revolution of 1979 , Iran has viewed Israel as an illegitimate state with no right to exist . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Rouhani 's remarks were the latest in an "  Iranian show of deception . " He said the goal of the Iranian ayatollahs ' regime was to ease sanctions without conceding on their program to produce nuclear weapons . "  They say they oppose nuclear weapons ; why do they insist on maintaining the ballistic missiles and plutonium and the advanced centrifuges that are only used for the production of nuclear weapons ? " Netanyahu said . "  So it sounds good , I wish it was real , it is n't real . I think the world has a mission to prevent Iran from getting nuclear weapons . " Earlier , Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif , in an exclusive interview with CNN , said the Obama administration has mischaracterized concessions by his side in the six-month nuclear deal with Iran , saying "  we did not agree to dismantle anything . " The accord requires Iran to dilute its stockpile of uranium that had been enriched to 20 % -- well above the 5 % level needed for power generation but still below the level for developing a nuclear weapon . In addition , the deal requires Iran to limit new enrichment to 5 % and dismantle equipment necessary for higher levels , according to the White House . Rouhani also said Syria , where a civil war has been raging for almost three years , has been "  engulfed in a major catastrophe , and the people have borne the brunt . It is a miserable situation and a very sad situation . " He said Iran "  believes that everyone , all of us , should try our best to put a stop to the bloodshed in Syria , and later push terrorists out of Syria . " Rouhani said the next step would be to "  pave the way for the opposition to sit around a table with the Syrian government " and for free and fair elections to be held . Democracy : Egypt 's beautiful dream in the wrong hands Opinion : Will global elite listen to Pope of poor ? Can Davos make a difference to global inequality ? Opinion : Tunisia 's leaders have failed the Dignity Revolution Iranian official on nuke deal : ` We did not agree to dismantle anything '	NEW : The world must "  prevent Iran from getting nuclear weapons , " Israeli PM says At Davos summit , Iranian President presses reengagement with the world But Iran will "  under no conditions " give up peaceful nuclear program , he says Rouhani calls for free elections in Syria , says opposition and government need to talk
CNN  Adam Markus has bet nearly everything he has on a pot shop . "  My checking account , as of this morning , is $ 25.97 . Somewhere deep inside me , I 'm still afraid I 've thrown all our money away , " he said . "  I am sure I will feel that sense of relief when I see the first customer walk in the door . Once they are lined up out the door , I 'll be doing a dance on top of the glass counter . " Markus , 53 , was a step closer to dancing Monday after officials in Washington issued him one of the state 's first 24 marijuana retailer licenses . He plans to open a store this week in Union Gap , Washington , one of two U.S. states that have legalized the sale of recreational marijuana . Sales started in Colorado in January . Markus got the idea after his sister died from an accidental drug overdose some four years ago . She suffered from chronic pain and took heavy medication . "  She passed away and in the process of talking to people about it , it came up that she would have benefited from using a cannabis product . It motivated me , " Markus said . At that point , medical marijuana was legal in Washington , but recreational marijuana sales were not , so he decided risks were too great to open a store . That calculation changed when Washington changed its laws . "  I was making $ 25,000 a year , selling cars and supporting a family of four . This was until last month . I went through and pulled out all my funds in all my 401ks . And put into this -- with lots of help from friends , lots of donated labor . This is a true labor of love , " said Markus , who does not smoke . "  I do n't want to give the impression this is a hippie thing . All my friends and family pulled together to build this thing . We have everything in place to be successful , " he said . Maureen Cooke , 72 , is equally optimistic . She , too , received one of the state 's first marijuana retailer licenses . Cooke is set to open her store in Langley , Washington , where she expects rapid growth , "  maybe $ 5 million in sales " the first month . "  If it 's anything like Colorado , goodness ! As long as we have product to sell , we are going to sell it . This is my retirement , " she said . ' I like weed and I 'm a good person ' Public opinion has rapidly shifted toward softer policies on marijuana use . In January , a CNN/ORC International survey found that 55 % of respondents wanted to see marijuana made legal . That 's up from 16 % in 1987 , according to the CNN poll and numbers from the General Social Survey . New York legalizes medical marijuana First medical marijuana dispensaries licensed in Massachusetts Colorado issues first retail marijuana licenses	"  I am sure I will feel that sense of relief when I see the first customer , " says one owner Washington state issues its first marijuana retailer licenses Marijuana has been legalized there and in Colorado
CNN  -- Officials in Joplin , Missouri , trimmed the list of people still missing Monday , more than a week after the most-deadly U.S. tornado in more than 60 years tore through the city . Twenty-nine people remain unaccounted for , down from 43 on Sunday , according to the Missouri Department of Public Safety . That figure includes three people whose families have reported them as dead . "  Our work will not cease until the number of unaccounted-for individuals is zero , " said Andrea Spillars , deputy director of the Missouri Department of Public Safety . She acknowledged over the weekend that families waiting for information on missing relatives are frustrated the identification process has n't proceeded as quickly as they might have hoped . Authorities are relying on scientific identification of the remains . While that process is slow , it 's more reliable than a family member 's visual identification , Spillars said . The May 22 storm flattened buildings , destroyed neighborhoods and killed more people than any other U.S. tornado since modern recordkeeping began in 1950 . Early Sunday , Joplin City Manager Mark Rohr told CNN the death toll was 142 . State officials have released the names of 101 victims . Authorities have 146 sets of human remains , Spillars said Sunday , but some of the remains may belong to the same person and she cautioned against using that number as a death toll . Also Sunday , President Barack Obama visited Joplin , promising residents the support of the nation as they rebuild . The EF-5 tornado barreled into the city with 200-mph winds , reducing homes to unrecognizable rubble . "  Your country will be with you every step of the way , " the president said to cheers . "  We 're not going anywhere . The cameras may leave , the spotlight may shift , but we will be with you every step of the way until Joplin is restored and this community is back on its feet . "	29 people are still missing , down from 43 a day earlier More than a week has passed since the deadly twister tore through Joplin The death toll stands at 142 President Obama visited the city on Sunday
CNN  -- In a recent column for The New York Times , David Brooks argued that the nation has now entered into a "  capitalism debate . " Brooks wrote that President Obama , who he said is feeling defensive about the failure of his policies to revitalize economic growth , has launched an all-out assault on capitalism by depicting Mitt Romney as the embodiment of corrupt and vicious economic practices . The president 's decision to focus on Romney 's work at Bain Capital , Brooks argues , has shifted the "  focus of the race from being about big government , which Obama represents , to being about capitalism , which Romney represents . " Romney responded in kind , "  I 'm convinced he wants Americans to be ashamed of success . " If this shift continues , the campaigns will spend the next four months presenting voters with a false impression about the the real contest . While both parties have a strong incentive to ramp up the rhetoric to mobilize voters to turn out , this kind of campaign features a debate that has little to do with the governing that will actually take place after the election . This election is not a choice between government and markets . The reality is that we will continue to have a system that mixes government and markets , with the political battles centering on the particular priorities that the nation emphasizes within that mix . Obama , as Brooks points out , has not really been a critic of free-market capitalism . His policies have done little to challenge the forces of globalization , and he has worked closely with economic leaders in his efforts to fix the economy . His financial regulation did little to curb the freedom of Wall Street investors . Obama is not some kind of exception among American liberals . Indeed , since Franklin Roosevelt , American liberals have been firm supporters of American capitalism . Their goals have been to tame the excesses of this economic system and to make capitalism fairer for all Americans . Many of FDR 's economic policies , such as the National Recovery Act , depended on voluntary cooperation from big business . FDR backed away from any proposals that entailed the federal government obtaining strong control over managerial decisions . The point of legitimating unions , which happened through the Wagner Act  1935  , was to provide workers with some kind of countervailing power to business owners within the capitalism system . Other Democrats , such as Harry Truman , followed in this market-friendly liberal tradition . Lyndon Johnson offered economic assistance to the poor and educational assistance to all students , so that more people could participate and enjoy the fruits that the capitalist system produced . With his support of deregulation and deficit reduction , Jimmy Carter moved market-based Democrats even further to the center . Bill Clinton embraced globalization and believed that nurturing free markets could offer the best opportunities to those struggling at home and abroad . While liberalism has always been a political system that sought to use government to strengthen the market-based economy , conservatives have usually been comfortable with government . Despite their rhetoric , conservatives have accepted that government is an inevitable part of American life . Romney has been no exception . As governor , he was not some kind of radical slasher of government services . The centerpiece of his term was a bold health care initiative that expanded that role of government in ensuring access to health care . Romney cut services , but he also increased all kinds of government fees . During his current campaign , Romney is not talking about eliminating the big-ticket programs like Social Security , and he has firmly defended robust levels of national security spending . Like Obama , Romney reflects his own political tradition . Libertarianism has long been dead among conservatives . During the Cold War , conservatives like Sen. Barry Goldwater and author James Burnham pushed for the government to spend more on the fight against communism . During the 1970s , historian Gareth Davies recounted , many conservatives came to accept federal programs such as education as an inevitable part of domestic life . President Ronald Reagan , the iconic conservative , quickly backed off proposals like an initiative to reduce certain Social Security benefits when they stimulated a strong political backlash , and he left many other kinds of domestic spending , like Medicare or agricultural subsidies , intact . George H.W. Bush brought the federal government into new areas of domestic life , providing , for example , protections for people with disabilities . Congressional conservatives like Newt Gingrich proved that they were not much different , as they too were aware that Americans in red states often depended on the government they lambasted . George W. Bush and the Republican Congress grew government in the early part of this century . Bush pushed several significant domestic initiatives such as No Child Left Behind and a costly prescription drug benefit . Like all Republicans , he did little to take out the massive welfare state of tax exemptions and deductions upon which many industries depend . In 2008 , he saved financial markets through government with TARP , not through deregulation . His homeland security program involved an aggressive expansion of government power , and he launched two wars abroad . Like it or not , liberals have always accepted capitalism , and conservatives have proved more than willing to live with , and even to use , the federal government for certain purposes . The debate today is not between big government and free market capitalism but rather about how we should structure our mixture of these two systems . The more we have these kinds of overblown debates , the less voters get a sense of what politicians are actually about and what they 'll do once in power . A more realistic debate would be about which portion of the public will have tax cuts extended . Rather than an all or nothing debate , we should hear which specific parts of the budget will be trimmed and where will each candidate try to find more efficiency in government . In terms of the economy , where and how will they use government to stimulate economic investment and to curb the deficit , how else will candidates try to raise revenue . This current rhetoric is not only unrealistic , it fuels public frustration with government by generating false expectations and providing campaign discussions that have little to do with real life in Washington . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Pundits are painting President Obama as the anti-capitalist candidate , says Julian Zelizer But this election is not a choice between government and markets , Zelizer says Liberals have been firm supporters of capitalism , he says Zelizer : Conservatives have accepted that government is an inevitable part of American life
CNN  -- Rivers are the arteries of our infrastructure . Flowing from highlands to the sea , they breathe life into ecosystems and communities . A levee breach in the Sacramento-San Joaquin River System could have dire effects , a new report says . But many rivers in the United States are in trouble . Rivers in Alaska , California and the South are among the 10 most endangered , according to a report released Tuesday by American Rivers , a leading river conservation group . The annual report uses data from thousands of rivers groups , local governments , environmental organizations and citizen watchdogs to identify waterways under imminent threat by dams , industry or development . "  Our nation is at a transformational moment when it comes to rivers and clean water , " said Rebecca Wodder , president of American Rivers . "  Water is life , yet our nation 's water infrastructure is so outdated that our clean drinking water , flood protection and river health face unprecedented threats . " American Rivers has released its annual endangered rivers report since 1986 . The report is not a list of the nation 's most polluted waterways , but highlights 10 rivers facing decisions in the coming year that could determine their future . Here is American Rivers ' Most Endangered Rivers list for 2009 : 1  Sacramento-San Joaquin River System Location : California Outdated water and flood management puts California 's largest watershed at the top of America 's most endangered rivers list for 2009 . A recent breach in the delta 's 1,100-mile levee system could have dire effects on surrounding ecosystems , farming and agriculture , commercial fishing and California 's civil infrastructure . State and federal authorities are looking at alternative water-management strategies for the river system , which serves 25 million Californians and more than 5 million acres of farmland . 2  Flint River Location : Georgia The Flint is one of 40 rivers nationwide that still flow undammed for more than 200 miles . Conservationists say that dams proposed by Georgia lawmakers would bury more than 50 river miles , destroy fishing and boating opportunities and cost taxpayers millions of dollars . The American Rivers group believes that fixing the state 's leaky pipes , using water meters and minimizing water waste would be a cheaper and more cost-effective alternative . 3  Lower Snake River Location : Idaho , Washington , Oregon The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has built four dams to irrigate and generate energy for the Northwest , but these dams also prevent salmon and steelhead trout from reaching their spawning areas . Every year , those dams kill as many as 90 percent of juvenile salmon and steelhead trout that migrate downstream to the ocean . Conservationists say that removing the dams would eliminate a growing flood threat in Lewiston , Idaho , and create an opportunity to modernize the region 's transportation and energy systems . 4  Mattawoman Creek Location : Maryland A highway development project here jeopardizes one of the Chesapeake Bay 's few remaining healthy streams . The project threatens clean water sources , thousands of acres of forests and wetlands , and an internationally-renowned , multimillion-dollar largemouth bass fishery . 5  North Fork of the Flathead River Location : Montana A proposed coal-mining project across the Canadian border puts Montana 's North Fork of the Flathead River in jeopardy . An estimated 50,000 acres of the Flathead headwaters could be transformed into an industrial gas field . The projects threaten the river 's clean water , local agriculture , fish and wildlife and recreational industries such as rafting , camping , fishing and boating . American Rivers and its partners have called on local Canadian governments and the U.S. State Department to work together to halt these projects . 6  Saluda River Location : South Carolina Excess levels of sewage waste threaten the drinking water of more than 500,000 South Carolina residents , conservationists say . Sewage in the river increases phosphorous and algae levels , depletes oxygen , and kills fish and other aquatic life . American Rivers is asking the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control to improve sewage-treatment standards and ensure the river reduces its phosphorous levels by 25 to 50 percent . 7  Laurel Hill Creek Location : Pennsylvania Known for its fishing , swimming and kayaking , this popular vacation spot faces threats from a bottling plant and tourism-related development . Without adequate planning and safeguards , withdrawals will continue to exceed the creek 's reasonable capacity , putting recreation , the local water supply , and fish and wildlife in jeopardy . 8  Beaver Creek Location : Alaska One of the nation 's last wild rivers faces extinction if an oil - and gas-development project constructs 600 miles of roads and pipelines , airstrips , drilling pads , and gravel mines along the creek . Alaska native communities depend on the area for subsistence hunting and fishing . It 's also a popular destination for anglers , boaters , skiers and hunters . 9  Pascagoula River Location : Mississippi The U.S. Department of Energy wants to hollow out natural salt domes 30 miles northwest of the Pascagoula to create a storage area for up to 160 million barrels of oil . A pipeline 330 miles in length would be constructed to withdraw water from the Pascagoula to dissolve the salt domes and distribute oil to and from the site . The DOE predicts 18 oil spills and 75 spills of salty , polluted water during the construction and initial fill of the hollowed domes , damaging rivers , streams , and wetlands in the basin , conservationists say . 10  Lower St. Croix National Scenic Riverway Location : Minnesota , Wisconsin Rezoning of a 26-mile stretch of the river 's state-protected section would allow for the construction of a major development on the riverfront . American Rivers believes the development could lead to land erosion along the river and more storm run-off while harming the region 's biodiversity . "  Being named as one of America 's most endangered rivers is not an end for the river , but rather a beginning , " said Wodder . Through the collaborative efforts of citizens and local , state and national governments , a number of waterways from past American Rivers ' endangered lists have been preserved . "  With the listing comes a national spotlight and action from thousands of citizens across the country , " Wodder said . "  These 10 rivers have a chance to be reborn and to serve as models for other rivers all across America . "	Report : Rivers in Alaska , California and Georgia are among the 10 most endangered Report released Tuesday by American Rivers , a leading river-conservation group Waterways from past American Rivers ' endangered lists have been preserved
New York  CNN  The United Nations is looking into claims that ISIS -- already considered the wealthiest terrorist group on record -- may be harvesting organs from slain civilians and gaining financial benefits by trafficking the body parts , officials said Wednesday . But Britain 's ambassador to the U.N. , Mark Lyall Grant , said the issue has not been officially discussed . Grant said there was no proof or evidence of the claim made by Iraq 's ambassador to the United Nations . The Iraqi ambassador , Mohamed Alhakim , on Tuesday urged the Security Council to investigate the deaths of 12 doctors in Mosul , Iraq . He said they were killed after refusing to remove organs from bodies . "  Some of the bodies we found are mutilated ... that means some parts are missing , " he told reporters , adding that there were openings in the back of the bodies where the kidneys would be located . "  This is clearly something bigger than we think , " Alhakim said . The plunder of bodies for usable organs and tissues is widespread , according to Nancy Scheper-Hughes , director of Organs Watch , a University of California , Berkeley-based documentation and research project . "  Organ theft during wars , civil wars , dirty wars , wars involving undisciplined armies is not uncommon , " Scheper-Hughes , chair of Berkeley 's doctoral program in medical anthropology , said in an email . The U.N. 's Iraqi mission on Wednesday said Alhakim was not granting interviews . "  At this point we 're not in a position to corroborate what he says , but obviously any source of illegal financing of groups such as ISIS or other extremist groups is extremely worrisome , " U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric told CNN . Nickolay Mladenov , the U.N. special envoy handling Iraq , said the organ theft claim would be investigated . "  We have seen these reports as well , " he said . "  However , I do not want to hasten to confirm anything before we study them in greater detail . " Mladenov said reports that the group "  is using a human trafficking as part of its sources of income " have circulated for months . "  I can not speak to the extent of that issue until we finalize our analysis of the problem but if one looks at the broader picture , it is very clear that the brutality and the tactics that  ISIS  is using expand by the day . " The U.S. State Department said it was aware of the "  deeply disturbing comments " about the alleged organ trafficking but was n't able to confirm them . "  We also have no reason to doubt them given other similar atrocities that have been documented and other heinous crimes for which ISIL has proudly taken credit , " the State Department said , using another acronym for the militant group . Alhakim said there is a market in Europe for the stolen organs . The terror group has taken over airports where the body parts could be flown out in deals arranged between middlemen and buyers , he said . The mutilated bodies have been found in shallow graves over the last several weeks , he said . Speaking to the Security Council at a regular meeting on Iraq on Tuesday , Alhakim cited what he said were crimes of genocide by ISIS -- "  without even mentioning the traffic of human organs and the theft and trafficking of archaeological items and oil . " "  These terrorist groups have desecrated all human values , " he said . "  They have committed the most heinous criminal terrorist acts against the Iraqi people -- whether Shia , Sunni , Christian , Turkmen . " Last month , Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency and other outlets reported that ISIS had announced the opening of a medical school in its main stronghold in northern Syria . "  Dead bodies , once they are disarticulated , pulverized , processed , freeze-dried , etc. , are so far removed from the ` human ' person that they are simply commodities , " Scheper-Hughes said . "  The demand for fresh organs and tissues ... is insatiable . " Scheper-Hughes said fresh kidneys from "  the brain dead or from those executed with the assistance of trained organ harvesters are the blood diamonds of illicit and criminal trafficking . " How ISIS is run ISIS has been defined as the wealthiest terrorist group on record , using a combination of black-market oil sales , extortion and sophisticated social media to raise money to fund its expansion into Iraq and Syria , according to the U.S. Treasury . The terrorist group pulls in about $ 1 million a day , according to the Treasury . Extortion , such as demanding money from truck drivers and threatening to blow up businesses , is another revenue stream for the group , in addition to robbing banks and gold shops . The income helps finance a growing stream of suicide attacks and assassinations , officials said . It also aids the recruitment of Sunni tribal fighters and finances spectacular prison raids that liberate hundreds of fighters , as well as attacks on police patrols . ISIS controls vast areas of northern and western Iraq , as well as much of northeastern Syria -- and exercises draconian authority in areas as far apart as Anbar in western Iraq and Aleppo province in northern Syria . The group also continues to pick up endorsements and pledges of allegiance from other jihadist groups , most notably in Libya and Egypt . Everything to know about the rise of ISIS CNN 's Richard Roth and Laura Koran contributed to this report .	U.N. officials say no confirmation so far of claims by Iraq 's U.N. ambassador Mohamed Alhakim : "  This is clearly something bigger than we think " ISIS is considered the wealthiest terrorist group on record
CNN  -- The father of a 15-month-old boy who died after being left in a car in July has been charged with criminally negligent homicide , according to police in Connecticut . Kyle Seitz , 36 , turned himself in at Ridgefield police headquarters on Tuesday afternoon , according to a statement from Capt. Jeff Kreitz . After being processed , Seitz was released on a written promise to appear in Danbury Superior Court on Wednesday morning , Kreitz said . The death of Benjamin Seitz was ruled a homicide in August . On July 7 , Seitz was supposed to drop his son off at day care , but the dropoff never occurred , his wife , Lindsey Rogers-Seitz told CNN in July . Seitz drove to work and at the end of the day he went to pick Benjamin up at day care , only to realize he was not there , authorities said . When Seitz realized his son was in the car , he rushed the child to the hospital , but Benjamin had died . The cause of the boy 's death was hyperthermia due to environmental exposure , according to the state medical examiner . Neither Seitz nor his attorney immediately responded immediately to CNN 's requests for comment Tuesday . Grieving mother 's mission to stop hot car deaths The Connecticut death came a month after a similar incident in suburban Atlanta garnered national headlines . In the latter instance , a grand jury ended up indicting Justin Ross Harris on eight counts , including malice murder and two counts of felony murder , over the death of his 22-month-old son , Cooper . Through his attorneys , Harris has claimed that he forgot to drop off the boy at daycare and mistakenly left him in his 2011 Hyundai Tucson on a day when the temperature topped 92 degrees . At least 44 children died in 2013 from heatstroke caused by being left in cars in the United States , according to the national nonprofit organization KidsAndCars.org . At least 30 children have died this year for the same reason . Over the past decade , the group figures , there have been at least 388 children who have died of vehicular heatstroke .	Kyle Seitz turns himself in , faces charge 15-month-old Benjamin Seitz was left in his father 's hot car on July 7 State medical examiner ruled death a homicide
Tripura , India  CNN  -- The pictures may be difficult to look at , but 18-month-old Roona Begum 's story of survival is remarkable . Soon after she was born in a remote village in northeastern India , Roona was diagnosed with an extreme form of hydrocephalus -- a disorder causing cerebral fluid to build up in the brain . Doctors had given Roona just a few months to live . "  Day-by-day , her head started growing bigger , she stopped wanting to eat , she would just lie in bed , it became very difficult for us to carry her and take her anywhere , " says Roona 's father Abdul Rehman says . Roona 's head grew to a circumference of 94 centimeters , almost triple the size of a normal baby . There were ten liters of excess fluid inside her brain . Her head was so heavy she could barely move . Hydrocephalus is more common among infants and older adults . The condition is caused by overproduction , obstruction or lack of absorption of the cerebral fluid in the brain . The skin of her head has stretched so far , it pulled her eyelids over her eyes , making it impossible for Roona to see . Her mother , Fatima Begum , would draw eyebrows on Roona with black kohl everyday just to try and make her look more normal . "  She had such a big head , it was scary for people to see her , " Fatima explains . Roona may be Abdul and Fatima 's only child , but they could n't afford to treat her . Roona 's 18-year-old father works at a brick kiln earning less than $ 3 a day . For more than a year and a half , they took care of Roona in their two-room mud hut , with little knowledge or means of doing much else . In April this year , a journalist took photos of Roona and soon people all over the world including two Norwegian students Natalie Krantz and Jonas Borchgrevink were moved by her condition . Krantz and Borchgrevink put Roona 's photo on a crowd funding website , hoping to raise $ 1,600 to cover her shunt surgery . In two months , they raised double that amount , and by August 2013 , they raised more than $ 60,000 . They 've transferred half of this amount to the charity arm of Fortis Hospital in New Delhi for her treatment . The hospital covered the remaining half of the expenses . The students plan to send the remaining amount for Roona 's aftercare . When Roona arrived at Fortis , her condition shocked even chief neurosurgeon Sandeep Vaishya , who has treated hundreds of children with hydrocephalus . "  We had never seen anything like that and we were completely clueless as to how we 'd go about treating her . There was no precedent of treating a child with such an extreme case of hydrocephalus . We learned as we went , " Vaishya says . Initially , Vaishya was n't hopeful about the surgery . Roona was malnourished , she had major infections on the back of her head from the pressure of lying down all day , and her skin was very thin and delicate . Cerebral shunt is the standard treatment for hydrocephalus . It 's a simple procedure which involves inserting a drainage tube to keep the fluids flowing at the proper rate . But due to the size of Roona 's head and her small , frail body , Roona 's treatment was particularly challenging . Vaishya says the surgery posed a huge risk to her life , and at one point they almost lost her . Much to the relief of her parents and her doctors , Roona has pulled through . After five surgeries , Roona 's head is now down to a circumference of 58 centimeters , still larger than the average 38 to 48 centimeters , but small enough to allow her to live a reasonably normal life . She constantly moves her head around , she is playful and most importantly , she can now see . She is finally getting the chance to be the baby she really is . "  It feels really good to see her now , she looks beautiful and happy , " Fatima says . Back in her village , Roona has become the center of attention . It 's still painful for her to sit up but she smiles a lot , and her eyes , now visible , keep wandering in a frenzied pace . "  We want Roona to read and write once she grows up . Both of us  mother and father  are illiterate so we do n't want her to be like us . We want her to have a bright future , " Fatima says . It 's too early to tell if Roona will ever be completely normal in her appearance as several operations still lie ahead , but the signs thus far are promising .	Just 18 months old , Roona Begum has had multiple surgeries for extreme hydrocephalus Her head tripled in size from due to a build up of cerebral fluid soon after birth She had been given months to live , but underwent surgery funded by donations Two Norwegian students heard of her plight and raised $ 60,000 for surgery
CNN  -- Michigan Assistant Attorney General Andrew Shirvell -- who for nearly six months has blogged about an openly gay college student -- has taken a voluntary leave of absence , the state 's attorney general 's office confirmed to CNN Friday . The office does not know the length of Shirvell 's leave , but says that it will hold a disciplinary hearing upon his return . Earlier this week , Attorney General Mike Cox defended his assistant 's constitutional right to wage the internet campaign against Chris Armstrong , even though he said he considers Shirvell a "  bully . " "  Here in America , we have this thing called the First Amendment , which allows people to express what they think and engage in political and social speech , " Cox told Anderson Cooper on CNN 's "  AC 360 " on Wednesday night . "  He 's clearly a bully ... but is that protected under the First Amendment of the United States Constitution ? Yes . " "  Mr. -LSB- Andrew -RSB- Shirvell is sort of a frontline grunt assistant prosecutor in my office , " Cox said . "  He does satisfactory work and off-hours , he 's free to engage under both our civil service rules , Michigan Supreme Court rulings and the United States Supreme Court rule . " But Gov. Jennifer Granholm disagreed . Late Thursday she tweeted , "  If I was still attorney general and Andrew Shirvell worked for me , he would have already been fired . " For nearly six months , Shirvell has blogged about Armstrong , an openly gay student assembly president at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . Shirvell has been banned from the Ann Arbor campus , said university spokeswoman Kelly Cunningham . The ban was in the form of a "  trespass warning " issued by the university on September 14 . Shirvell launched his blog in late April using the online moniker "  Concerned Michigan Alumnus . " "  Welcome to ` Chris Armstrong Watch , ' " Shirvell wrote in his inaugural blog post . "  This is a site for concerned University of Michigan alumni , students and others who oppose the recent election of Chris Armstrong -- a RADICAL HOMOSEXUAL ACTIVIST , RACIST , ELITIST , & LIAR -- as the new head of student government . " Among other things , Shirvell has published blog posts that accuse Armstrong of going back on a campaign promise he made to minority students ; engaging in "  flagrant sexual promiscuity " with another male member of the student government ; sexually seducing and influencing "  a previously conservative -LSB- male -RSB- student " so much so that the student , according to Shirvell , "  morphed into a proponent of the radical homosexual agenda ; " hosting a gay orgy in his dorm room in October 2009 ; and trying to recruit incoming first-year students "  to join the homosexual ` lifestyle . ' " In a written statement from his office on Tuesday , Cox distanced his office from Shirvell 's comments . "  Mr. Shirvell 's personal opinions are his and his alone , and do not reflect the views of the Michigan Department of Attorney General , " Cox said in the statement . "  But his immaturity and lack of judgment outside the office are clear . " Shirvell said he works on the blog during his off-hours . On "  AC 360 " on Tuesday , Shirvell made no apologies for his blog postings , which include a picture of Armstrong with "  Resign " written over his face . The same picture also had a swastika superimposed over a gay pride flag , with an arrow pointing toward Armstrong . Shirvell acknowledged protesting outside of Armstrong 's house and calling him "  Satan 's representative on the student assembly . " "  I 'm a Christian citizen exercising my First Amendment rights , " Shirvell told Cooper . "  I have no problem with the fact that Chris is a homosexual . I have a problem with the fact that he 's advancing a radical homosexual agenda . " Armstrong has supported gender-neutral housing at the university for transgender students who have n't had sexual reassignment surgery . Armstrong told CNN he has hired an attorney and is pursuing legal action against Shirvell . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	NEW : University of Michigan wo n't allow blogger on campus Michigan assistant attorney general takes leave of absence He 's been under fire for blogging about gay college student Attorney general previously defended Andrew Shirvell 's right to blog on own time
MENTAL FLOSS  -- College admissions are competitive , and not just from the student 's side . Sure , sometimes it 's hard to get into the college of your choice , but the schools are fighting just as hard to lure in top applicants . Davidson college students do n't have to visit laundromats because they enjoy the luxury of a free laundry service . While some colleges boast about class sizes , graduate fellowships , and endowment growth rates , this sort of info is likely to bore the 17-year-old students they 're wooing . Instead , some schools try to come up with unique perks that appeal to students , often in the form of free services . While the cost of these "  free " perks is undoubtedly built back into tuition bills , when a family 's spending upwards of $ 40,000 a year for school , it ca n't hurt to help them feel like they 're getting something for nothing . Here are a few you might be jealous of : 1 . Free laundry Nothing 's more maddening for a college student than wanting to study , party , or sleep , only to be confronted with a massive mound of laundry . Most of us know that if left unchecked , these piles of dirty clothes can grow until they 're on the brink of becoming sentient beings , but students at Davidson , an elite liberal arts college in North Carolina , do n't have to worry about it . Their college does the laundry for them . Since 1919 , Davidson has been operating a laundry facility that allows students to drop off their laundry and pick it up once its clean and smelling of dryer sheets . At the Lula Bell Houston Laundry , students ' dress shirts and blouses are even pressed and put on hangers for them . The laundry clears about six tons ' worth of dirty clothes and linens a week , but if students prefer to keep their filthy T-shirts to themselves , the school also offers free self-service washers and dryers in the dorms . As if that 's not enough , Davidson was even more generous when its basketball team made a miraculous run to the NCAA 's Sweet 16 last March . The school shelled out the cash for free bus transport to the venue in Detroit , two nights ' lodging , and a free ticket to the game for any student who wanted to go cheer on their Cinderella in person . Mental Floss : 8 tuition-free colleges 2 . Free skiing Michigan Technological University offers a pretty standard slate of majors for its students , but it also has a real estate holding that might lure in applicants . The school owns Mont Ripley , a ski slope on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan . While normal lift-ticket prices run at around $ 35 a day , Michigan Tech students can hit the slopes without dropping a dime . 3 . Free computers At my undergrad alma mater , Wake Forest , one of the chief perks is that when you showed up for freshman orientation , the school gives you a fully loaded IBM Thinkpad and a printer . Students keep this laptop for two years , then trade it in for a new model before their junior year . Students then take this one with them when they graduate . While there was a downside to the system  if profs know everyone has a laptop , they 're not the least bit shy about making you tote it to class  , it really upped the on-campus computing efficiency . Any program you needed for a class was already loaded on the laptop , and since everyone on campus was operating one of only two types of machines , tech support could diagnose problems and fix them really quickly . Mental Floss : 12 college classes we wish our schools offered 4 . Free theater tickets Nothing irks actors and theater owners quite so much as playing to an empty house , so if tickets are moving slowly , why not fill the seats with college students ? NYU 's Ticket Central can wrangle Broadway and Off-Broadway tickets for up to 75 percent off their face values , but sometimes , the school can get lucky students into theaters for free to help fill otherwise thin crowds . Ticket Central also boasts that it can get students into Knicks games for as little as $ 12 and into Mets games for just $ 3 . Of course , the way those teams have played in the last year or so , that offer might scare off more prospective students than it entices . 5 . Personalized birthday cakes College birthdays are often all sorts of debauched fun , but at least in my experience , they were often sorely lacking in quality cake . Sure , sometimes you 'd get a pan full of Betty Crocker-ed good intentions cooked in a dorm oven , which are precisely calibrated to burn cakes ' edges while leaving the center liquid , but it was rare to see a real birthday cake . Ohio University 's dining services can fix that , though , by allowing students ' parents to join the Birthday Club . For $ 18 , parents can make sure their kid gets a personalize birthday cake and all of the plates , napkins , and forks they 'll need to share it with their friends . 6 . Cheap golf College students who want to golf on a tight budget often have to resign themselves to finding the rattiest municipal course they can find and hoping they survive the ordeal . Students at Stanford , though , have access to the Stanford Golf Course , a legendary course that 's hosted such greats as Tom Watson and Tiger Woods since it opened in 1930 . Only students , alumni , faculty , and their guests can enjoy the course 's picturesque views of San Francisco , and for guests the price is pretty steep , up to $ 110 a round . Students , though , get a great deal on greens fees ; they can get in a full round for just $ 25 . Mental Floss : 12 star-powered college roommate pairs For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some colleges have come up with unique perks to lure students Students at Davidson College can do their laundry for free Free computers and theater tickets are given out at some colleges Ohio University offers discount personalized birthday cakes
CNN  -- He is Formula One 's undisputed No. 1 , and next season Sebastian Vettel will have proof of that fact emblazoned on his Red Bull but choosing a number was not so simple for the rest of his rivals on the grid . Ahead of the 2014 campaign getting under way in March , each racer was invited to select the number they wanted to display on their car for the rest of their careers . Four-time champion Vettel chose the No. 5 -- fitting as he chases a fifth successive drivers ' championship -- to brand his car with but , as the reigning title holder , he will automatically run with the No. 1 on his Red Bull chassis . The new regulation has been introduced by the sport 's rulemakers to allow drivers to market themselves more effectively . Vettel 's Red Bull teammate Daniel Ricciardo will sport the No. 3 during his first season with the all-conquering marque , while 2013 runner up Fernando Alonso will race with the No. 14 on his Ferrari as a throwback to his karting days . Kimi Raikkonen will mark his first season back at Ferrari with the No. 7 on his "  Prancing Horse . " The Finn displayed his usual laidback attitude when it came to choosing his number , explaining on Ferrari 's website : "  It 's the number I already had last year and I saw no reason to change it . I like it which is good enough is n't it ? McLaren 's Jenson Button requested 22 as it was the number he had on his Brawn GP car when he was crowned world champion in 2009 . Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton has opted for 44 ; his teammate Nico Rosberg has taken the number six . The 2014 season will begin with the curtain-raising Australian Grand Prix on March 16 .	Formula One introduces driver numbers for 2014 season Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel takes the number one as defending champion The German had chosen five as champion will race with No. 1 for a season Fernando Alonso takes 14 , with Lewis Hamilton opting for 44
CNN  -- Attorneys representing the family of Marlise Munoz -- a pregnant Texas woman they say is brain dead -- revealed Wednesday that the "  fetus is distinctly abnormal . " "  Even at this early stage , the lower extremities are deformed to the extent that the gender can not be determined . The fetus suffers from hydrocephalus . It also appears that there are further abnormalities , including a possible heart problem , that can not be specifically determined due to the immobile nature of Mrs. Munoz 's deceased body . "  Quite sadly , this information is not surprising due to the fact that the fetus , after being deprived of oxygen for an indeterminate length of time , is gestating within a dead and deteriorating body , as a horrified family looks on in absolute anguish , distress and sadness , " attorneys Jessica Janicek and Heather King said in a statement . Munoz 's family has said she has been brain-dead since her husband , Erick Munoz , found her unconscious at their home on November 26 . At the time , she was 14 weeks ' pregnant with the couple 's second child . Mom of pregnant woman on life support : Change the law Munoz 's husband asked a court last week to force a hospital to take her off a respirator , ventilator and other machines , saying her wishes should n't be disregarded just because she is pregnant . Erick Munoz filed an emergency motion as well as a complaint against John Peter Smith Hospital , both with the same goal : to have the hospital disconnect the machines so that her family can take her body and give her a proper burial . "  Marlise Munoz is legally dead , and to further conduct surgical procedures on a deceased body is nothing short of outrageous , " her husband says in the motion . Notably , officials at the Fort Worth , Texas , hospital where 33-year-old Marlise Munoz is have not publicly declared her dead , though they have not disputed her husband 's assertions either . Woman with flu miscarries , battles for her life A hearing in the case is set for Friday , and both the hospital and the Tarrant County district attorney 's office said Wednesday they would not comment before then . Erick Munoz -- like his wife , a paramedic by training -- said the doctors told him his wife "  had lost all activity in her brain stem , " and an accompanying chart stated she was "  brain dead , " according to his lawsuit . Hospital spokesman J.R. Labbe said last month that doctors were simply trying to obey a Texas law that says "  you can not withhold or withdraw life-sustaining treatment for a pregnant patient . " Munoz 's husband responded by saying that "  Marlise can not possibly be a pregnant patient -- Marlise is dead . " Furthermore , he argued that her wishes -- relayed , he said , in conversations but not in writing that she not be on "  life-sustaining " measures when she is brain dead -- should n't be treated differently from a man or other woman simply because of her pregnancy . When life support is really ` death support ' Husband : She would n't want to be on life support Lawyers : Records back claim that woman is brain dead CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Greg Botelho and Jason Morris contributed to this report .	"  Quite sadly , this information is not surprising , " say attorneys for the family Marlise Munoz was 14 weeks ' pregnant when stricken Hospital has said it must follow state law
CNN  -- The death and injury toll from a stampede at a Cambodian festival continued to rise Tuesday as families mourned . The number of deaths is now at 375 and the number of injured is up to 755 , the country 's official news agency said Tuesday . Cambodia has declared Thursday a national day of mourning for those who died Monday in the crush at the annual Water Festival in the capital city of Phnom Penh , the news agency AKP reported . On Tuesday some victims ' families and leaders gathered for a religious ceremony for the dead . The government said it will help to transport the bodies of those who died and pay 5 million riel  $ 1,230  to the family of each of the deceased . The three-day festival , which began Saturday , is held each November near the palace to honor a victory by Cambodian naval forces during the 12th century reign of King Jayavarman VII , according to the country 's tourism website . During the festival , which includes boat races , participants pray for a good rice harvest and enough rain , and celebrate the full moon , the site says . Visalsok Nou , a Cambodian Embassy official in Washington , said more than 4 million people were attending the Water Festival when the stampede occurred . The municipal police chief said the stampede , which began around 10 p.m. , likely occurred because a suspension bridge packed with people began to sway , creating panic , said Philip Bader , a news editor with the Phnom Penh Post newspaper . Steve Finch , a journalist with the newspaper , said police began firing water cannons onto a bridge leading to an island in the center of a river in an effort to get them to continue moving across the bridge . "  That just caused complete and utter panic , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . A number of people lost consciousness and fell into the water , he said . The country has set up a commission to look into the incident .	NEW : An additional 755 people are reported injured at an annual festival Cambodia has declared Thursday a national day of mourning The stampede occurred on a bridge during an annual festival to honor naval forces
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan 's nuclear safety agency will be placed under the control of the country 's Environment Ministry , a top government official announced Monday in a move stemming from the triple meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant . Japanese regulators have been accused of being too cozy with the nuclear industry in the years before the March disaster at Fukushima Daiichi , the worst nuclear accident in a quarter-century . Monday 's decision will take the day-to-day regulation of nuclear plants out from under the Ministry of the Economy , Trade and Industry , which has promoted the use of nuclear energy , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said . The plan is to merge the existing Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency with the Nuclear Safety Commission , a largely advisory body . The new agency should be up and running by April and "  will see to it that everything is done clearly , " Edano said . The agency has been tentatively designated the Nuclear Safety Agency , but Edano said he and other Cabinet members hope to add the word "  regulatory " to the name before long . "  This agency will be handling regulation , and that is why regulation should be included in the name , " he said . Japan has launched a sweeping review of nuclear power since the disaster at Fukushima Daiichi , which has displaced more than 100,000 nearby residents . Engineers are still working to restore normal cooling in the three reactors that melted down after the March 11 earthquake and tsunami , and to pump out and decontaminate an estimated 100,000 tons of water that has pooled in the basements and service tunnels of the plant during five months of emergency measures .	Day-to-day nuclear regulation will be placed under the Environment Ministry Critics have said regulators have been too cozy with Japan 's nuclear industry The decision follows the March nuclear disaster at Fukushima Daiichi
Charleston , South Carolina  CNN  Police officers Saturday accompanied the hearse carrying the body of Walter Scott to his South Carolina funeral service , where hundreds of mourners celebrated his life and death as a catalyst for change in America . A pair of officers on motorcycles were part of the large procession delivering the father of four -- who was fatally shot in the back by a police officer -- to a service open to the public . An overflow crowd gathered on a humid and occasionally rainy April afternoon at W.O.R.D. Ministries Christian Center in Summerville , which has a capacity of about 300 people . The flag-draped casket of the U.S. Coast Guard veteran was wheeled inside the church as Scott 's relatives and friends followed . Some dabbed tears ; others embraced . Hundreds , including local officials , assembled inside the packed sanctuary -- in corridors , under an awning at the entrance , wherever they could stand . Silence filled the vast space as Scott 's daughter Samantha read a poem of love dedicated to her father . Anthony Scott said God had selected his brother as a candidate for change in America . "  The change will come , " he said , bringing to the crowd to its feet . The head of the church , George Hamilton , spoke of how Scott had brought members of his family to the church , of the agony of not only losing a family member but having to watch it happen on video . The death of Scott , who was black , at the hands of a white police officer was "  motivated by racial prejudice , " Hamilton said . It was "  an act of overt racism . " "  Hate came because Walter was an African-American , " he said . Hamilton said his remarks were not meant as an indictment of law enforcement , but he singled out the officer who killed Scott as a "  disgrace to the North Charleston Police Department . " "  There is gong to be change , " he said . "  Walter 's death will not be in vain . " After the service , pallbearers gently lifted Scott 's casket into the hearse . Crowds poured from the church . A slow-moving procession of black cars then made its way to Live Oak Memorial Gardens in Charleston for the private burial . Chris Stewart , an attorney for the Scott family , said the death represented more than an race issue . "  It 's a human issue , " he said . "  We 're getting emails from people in Arkansas telling us , ` I 'm a white male , and I 'm supporting this family . ' Their son is going to be remembered for changing the way we look at each other . " On Friday night , Scott 's open casket was draped with an American flag , and he was in a dark suit for his private visitation in Charleston . A Dallas Cowboys banner -- his favorite NFL team -- was placed outside the casket , and a figurine of a Cowboys player stood at his side . But Scott 's family was missing . They needed privacy , said Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley , who attended . A week ago , Scott was killed in North Charleston after getting pulled over for a broken taillight . A passer-by caught the shooting on cell phone video , and Officer Michael Slager was swiftly charged with murder . He was fired and faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted . Who was Walter Scott ? The video shows Scott running from an officer , who fires eight shots . Scott is struck five times ; he falls to the ground . "  Nothing in this video demonstrates that the officer 's life or the life of another was threatened , " National Urban League President Marc Morial said . "  The question here is whether the use of force was excessive . " But one witness is speaking of a struggle before the shooting . And at least one expert believes a murder charge may not hold up . On Thursday , Gwen Nichols told CNN 's Brian Todd that she saw Scott and Slager scuffling at the entrance to a vacant lot . "  It was like a tussle type of thing , like , you know , like , ` What do you want ? ' or ` What did I do ? ' type of thing , " Nichols said . "  I did n't hear Mr. Slager saying ` Stop ! ' " Nichols ' account has similarities to Slager 's . He had told investigators that he had tussled with Scott over his Taser and that he feared for his safety . A timeline of events Criminal defense attorney Paul Callan said he believes Slager 's defense will play up the reported scuffle in arguing that this is not a murder case . "  Defense attorneys will say this was a heat of passion shooting --  that  this was something that he did suddenly after some kind of an altercation , a physical altercation with a suspect , " Callan said . "  And that would constitute manslaughter under law , as opposed to murder , and it makes a huge difference in sentencing . " In South Carolina , a murder conviction requires a measure of premeditation . But the account from the witness who recorded the cell phone video , Feidin Santana , paints a different picture . He was walking to work when he saw Slager on top of Scott , he said , who was on the ground . Santana said he could hear the sound of a Taser in use . He said he did n't see Scott go after the Taser , as Slager initially claimed . He said he believes Scott was trying to get away . "  Mr. Scott never tried to fight , " Santana said . Neither the struggle nor the use of a Taser was captured on video , because Santana started recording shortly after that . Investigators from the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division found troubling inconsistencies from the very start , it said in a statement . "  We believed early on that there was something not right about what happened in that encounter , " division Chief Mark Keel said in a statement . "  The cell phone video shot by a bystander confirmed our initial suspicions . " Slager 's lawyer , Andy Savage , has complained that he "  has not received the cooperation from law enforcement that the media has . " Savage 's office said in a statement that it has yet to receive "  any investigative documents , audio or video tapes , other than a copy of Mr. Slager 's arrest warrant . " The news release added that the lawyer has been advised that the police union that Slager belongs to "  is no longer involved in the case . " Charleston County Sheriff Al Cannon said Slager 's wife , Jamie , who is eight months ' pregnant , and his mother had a visit with him at the county detention center Friday . Slager was being held in isolation and being "  monitored for his mental health , " Cannon said . In a statement , one of Slager 's lawyers said the meeting lasted about an hour . "  His wife and mom were tearful but strong , and they were all very grateful for the chance to see him in person , even if separated by a thick pane of glass , " the statement said . "  They held up family photos -- and even Jamie 's ultrasound from earlier that day -- to remind him of all those who love him . Throughout the visit , Michael was focused on Jamie and their baby and was very relieved to know that she is being shown so much love and support by their families . " A second video , taken from a police dash cam , has also emerged from the day Scott died . It shows moments before the shooting , when things seemed to be going smoothly between Scott and Slager . Scott apparently tells the officer that he has no insurance on the vehicle , and Slager returns to his car to do paperwork . Then Scott gets out of the car and runs out of the camera 's frame . Scott was the subject of a bench warrant over $ 18,104.43 in unpaid child support at the time of the stop , according to court records . That was why he ran , lawyers for the family said after the funeral service . U.S. Rep. James Clyburn , D-South Carolina , told reporters outside the service that Scott lost a $ 35,000-a-year job the first time he was jailed for failing to pay child support . "  He said it was the best job he 's ever had , " Clyburn said . "  Now you have to ask ... if you want to collect child support , there 's got to be income . And you ai n't going to make much income from jail . It seems to me that we need to take a look to how to deal with that issue without causing unemployment and the loss of freedom . " On Friday afternoon , police met with a man who was in Scott 's car , but the passenger 's name was n't in a police report obtained by CNN . He was detained briefly after the shooting , one officer wrote in the report . Scott family attorney Chris Stewart said he was a co-worker and friend . But he did not identify the passenger by name . On Friday , a few mourners trickled into the Fielding Home for Funerals . A white banner with a blue star near Scott 's casket displayed his favorite NFL team . It said : "  Tradition , the Cowboys way . " "  This is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community , " said Riley , the mayor . "  It breaks everyone 's hearts . " CNN 's Polo Sandoval and Martin Savidge reported from Charleston , and Ben Brumfield and Ray Sanchez reported and wrote in Atlanta and New York .	Police officers escort the funeral procession to the service Scott 's family did not attend his visitation ; they need privacy , mayor says Police meet with the man who was a passenger in his car when it was pulled over
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Army Chief of Staff Gen. Martin Dempsey is doing his best to avoid reporters since word leaked that he is the president 's top choice to be the next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . But there was no way he was going to duck questions from this group on Friday so he charged right into a roomful of children , all of whom have lost fathers , and mothers and other relatives in war-time military service . The general shucked off his uniform coat , tuned up his singing voice for a rendition of his signature song from Frank Sinatra , who was also known as the chairman of the board , and gave them a few lines . "  Start spreading the news , " he sang . The Dempsey show was on . He had an aide come out and hold the microphone while he did hand motions and sang "  The Unicorn " song -- "  Well there were green alligators , and long neck geese , some humped back camels and some chimpanzees ... " The questions and answers were also a hit . "  I do have my own airplane and that 's pretty cool , " said Dempsey . "  Four stars is pretty cool man , " he said . "  Second Lieutenant was good too . " "  What 's it like controlling so many soldiers ? " one child asked . "  All we really have to do is give them the training ... and turn 'em loose , " he answered . Easy-going laughs erupted , but not always . If he indeed gets the nomination for the Joint Chiefs chairman post , Dempsey would be the senior ranking member of the armed forces . He would be the one who takes the drive across the Potomac River to meet with the president , carrying the advice of everyone in uniform to the commander in chief . But in some ways , facing this room may have seemed tougher than the Oval Office . This was a crowd brought together for Memorial Day weekend just outside Washington by TAPS , Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors , an organization that helps military kids as young as 4 cope with loss and grief . "  That is such a good question , and the question was , how do you keep people from dying , " Dempsey said , repeating what had been too soft to hear . "  Sometimes we ca n't ,  keep them from dying  , " he told his young audience . "  Because when you grow up and you 're going to have to fight someone -- I think they answer is we try to get them ready as best we can , because sometimes God actually has another plan , " Dempsey said . Before saying goodbye to the children , he led a rendition of "  The Army Song . " Soldiers in the crowd , some wearing T-shirts that read "  Mentor , " rose to their feet . The crowd belted out the lyrics . "  First to fight for the right , and to build the nation 's might . The Army Goes Rolling Along , " the group sung .	Gen. Martin Dempsey could be the next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff He meets with a group of children , all of whom have lost family members in war-time military service Dempsey sings songs and answers questions
CNN  -- Whether it 's topping the podium at the Olympics and World Cup events or finding a welcome diversion away from the pressure cooker atmosphere of international competition , the U.S. women 's ski team is certainly hitting the high notes . With the likes of teenage sensation Mikaela Shiffrin , super reliable Julia Mancuso and a fit-again Lindsey Vonn in its ranks , plus a strong supporting cast , the prospects for the season ahead look more than promising . Their ultimate focus is the world championships on the home snow of Colorado next February and the training has been intense -- but away from the piste the U.S. team room is more than often than not reverberating to the sound of music . Gathered around the most accomplished musician , the guitar-strumming downhill and super-G specialist Laurenne Ross , a host of popular standards are belted out with gusto and and more often than not in tune . Ross , who can also play the violin and piano , made the podium in downhill at the World Cup event in Garmisch last year and took 11th in the Sochi Games in the discipline . An outside bet for a medal at the 2015 world championships , Ross believes that her other passion boosts her sporting performance . "  I feel something with music that I feel on my skis and it puts me in the zone , " she told CNN 's Alpine Edge . Mancuso , a four-time Olympic medalist , the most by a U.S woman skier , is happy to be in the chorus in the musical sense but believes that as a team bonding exercise all feel the benefit of a different rhythm . "  It 's been the same group of girls for a lot of time and it 's a lot of fun , " she said . Mancuso 's bronze in Sochi in the Super Combined Slalom was added to Shiffrin 's gold in the slalom and both were firmly in the media spotlight in the aftermath of the Winter Games , with a string of invites to celebrity events . The 30-year-old Mancuso , who has been on the World Cup circuit since she was just 15 , is delighted to see the achievements of the team raise the profile of alpine skiing in the United States and take it into the mainstream . "  To see our sport at the pinnacle of sport in America is really cool because it 's been such a European dominated sport , " she added . Mancuso will be looking to add to her five world championship medals by adding an elusive gold when the action gets underway in Beaver Creek in February 2015 . With the precocious Shiffrin starting the 2014-15 season with a fine World Cup win in giant slalom in Austria and Vonn on the comeback trail after knee surgery , the trio will , in the words of the John Denver song , be aiming for a "  Rocky Mountain High " at Beaver Creek . Had he still been around -- the musician died in 1997 -- Denver , a skiing fanatic who made his home in nearby Aspen , would doubtless been among the cheerleaders for the United States team . Denver may also have had a soft spot for Tina Maze , another skiing star with musical talent , who has enjoyed chart success in her native Slovenia with her song "  My Way is My Decision . " The two-time Olympic gold medalist even referenced Denver on Facebook when appearing at a World Cup event in Colorado in 2012 , saying many of his songs were translated into Slovenian and remained popular standards in her country . Of course there will be one piece of music that all the contenders for global glory will be hoping to hear in Colorado , their national anthems to signify the top place on the podium . But as U.S. team member Stacey Cook told CNN all the intense rivalry can be put aside by making music together . "  It 's nice to just sit down for 20 minutes to remember we are friends , not just competitors , " she said . With such a strong team ethic in the U.S. ranks it may be a safe bet to assume the sound of the Star-Spangled Banner will be ringing around Beaver Creek to delight home followers .	U.S. women 's ski team has strong prospects for season ahead Mikaela Shiffrin and Julia Mancuso medalled at 2014 Sochi Olympics Preparing for 2015 world championships in Colorado Team members enjoy musical interludes off the slopes
Robot dinosaurs , Lego men and Spider-Man -- all could become Dubai 's newest residents as the city is set to house a slew of new theme parks . On the roster is everything from big brands like Legoland and Six Flags , to new concepts set to make a splash . Literally in the case of Pearl of Dubai , slated to be the world 's largest underwater park when it 's completed  the tentative date is 2020 , to correspond with the Dubai World Expo  . Size is a theme for many of the parks on the list . One proposed project , IMG World of Adventure , hopes to usurp Ferrari World as the world 's largest indoor theme park . It will include four zones , including The Lost Valley -- a Jurassic Park-themed segment -- as well as two zones dedicated to characters from Cartoon Network and Marvel Comics , respectively . "  We want this park to be one of the center points in the future of Dubai , " explains Adam Alexander Page , the vice president of marketing for IMG Group , the developer behind the project . "  As such , you do n't want to build something that wo n't get global attention , and if that means it 's big , that 's what you do . There 's no point in building it small . " What 's in a name ? Many of Dubai 's developers plan to rely heavily on pop culture and name recognition in bringing people to their parks . This is especially true of the planned Dubai Parks , planned in an expanse 60 kilometers  37 miles  from Dubai International Airport . A theme-park conglomerate , Dubai Parks will house a Legoland , as well as a Bollywood-themed park and the Hollywood-themed Motiongate Dubai . "  Movies have become the kind of entertainment that binds people , young or old , across the globe , because they all watch the same movies , " notes John Gerner , a theme park consultant and the managing director at Leisure Business Advisors . "  It used to be that if you were to develop a theme park , you 'd take an indigenous theme unique to the area and build on that . Now , it 's almost the opposite . You take an international concept known around the world , like Marvel . " Thinking different Aside from the financial incentives , developers cite Dubai 's willingness to think outside the box as part of the appeal of setting up in the city . "  Dubai has an overabundance of vision , " says Patrick Douglas , the CEO of Reef Worlds , an underwater design company . Pearl of Dubai will be a five-acre underwater park with a Lost City of Atlantis theme . In addition to luring scuba divers and snorkelers , the underwater attraction will also act as a huge artificial reef , designed to attract and nurture aquatic life . "  We 're building for two clients : One has credit cards , the other has fins , " jokes Douglas . When first pitching the sustainable tourism venture , he approached properties in the Caribbean , all to no avail . "  I told them , we 'd build these sites , they would n't have to put up any money up front , and if they happened to make money from them -- which we knew they would -- we could talk about a revenue share . We did n't get any traction , " says Douglas . Dubai , however , was a different story . "  They get it . They can conceive of it and they can produce it , " he says . The Orlando of the Middle East ? While Dubai is currently home to a handful of theme parks -- most notably Wild Wadi and Atlantis The Palm 's Aquaventure -- the city has yet to establish much of a track record in the industry . Many projects announced prior to the 2008 crash were assigned to the scrap heap afterwards . "  In our industry , there tends to be more announcements of theme parks than those actually built , " warns Gerner . "  It 's a quandary for analysts like myself . Typically we look at new projects as a share of the existing market , so it 's very hard to evaluate the potential for going into somewhere entirely new . " Then again , building an entertainment industry from scratch is n't unprecedented . Gerner points out that Orlando , Florida was virtually unknown until the 1970s when Disney World moved in . "  Dubai wants to become an international tourist destination for leisure , one that serves not just the greater region , but the entire world . Whether they 'll be successful , that 's a big question , but that 's their goal , " says Gerner . Read more : Building the new Louvre Read more : Could your next burger be made of camel meat ?	Dubai has plans for numerous large-scale amusement parks Legoland and an underwater theme park are two of those envisaged Developers chose Dubai as the Emirate aims to become premier tourist destination
Montgomery , Alabama  CNN  -- I 'm an attorney and I represent incarcerated people , both in my home state of Alabama and across the United States . I spend every day with people who are poor , disadvantaged , condemned and marginalized . I am persuaded that we can and should do better to create more hopeful and encouraging solutions to poverty , crime and inequality in this country . In the last 40 years , our society has witnessed unprecedented technological change , incredible innovation and a great deal of promise and success in many areas . Watch Bryan Stevenson 's TED Talk We have also seen growing inequality , increased levels of poverty and unprecedented rates of imprisonment . I have come to believe that , for all the things we have accomplished , injustice , poverty and mass incarceration are stains on our society . They can not be ignored . In 1970 there were roughly 350,000 people in our jails and prisons . Today there are more than 2.2 million . That 's not counting the nearly 5 million people who are on probation or parole . One in every 31 Americans is subject to some form of correctional control . This policy of mass incarceration did not come out of nowhere . It was born out of a politics of fear and anger based on now discredited theories . It was our response to problems in our society that we were not creative enough -- or perhaps not courageous enough -- to solve . Public safety is a legitimate priority for any nation , but it does not explain the fact that the United States now has the highest rate of incarceration in the world . TED.com : America 's native prisoners of war Mass incarceration has been our response to poverty . The boom in imprisonment coincided with a retraction of programs intended to pull Americans out of poverty . And incarceration itself has a lasting impact , not just on the economic mobility of former prisoners , but on the mobility of their children and families . There are now more than 46 million people living below the federal poverty line in the United States . Mass incarceration has been our response to mental illness . More than half the people in our jails and prisons have mental health problems and most are not receiving treatment . Many of these individuals also have substance abuse disorders . Veterans , suffering from PTSD from their combat experience , are at increased risk of suicide in prison . Mass incarceration has been our response to the oldest and most enduring problem of our nation : the problem of race . While more than one in 100 adults in America are behind bars , that number is one in 15 for African-American men . We frequently target communities of color with unequal enforcement of the law and subject too many young black and brown people to a presumption of guilt that results in disproportionate sentences and mistreatment . But the numbers alone do n't tell the full story . Our sentencing practices in individual cases reveal the gross excesses of our system . TED.com : Hans Rosling 's new insights on poverty As we 've locked up more and more people , sentences have gotten harsher . Misguided three-strikes laws have had the perverse result of sending people to prison for the rest of their lives for petty crimes like stealing a set of golf clubs . We are the only nation in the world that sentences children as young as 13 to die in prison . And we continue to have a death penalty that not only costs billions , but also produces unfair and unreliable results . For every nine people we have executed in the last 40 years , we have found one person on death row who was innocent . This error rate would be intolerable in any industry , yet where the difference is that of life or death , we are unwilling to speak up . Why ? How has a problem that affects one in 31 Americans  not to speak of their children , families , and communities  been ignored for so long ? The answer is that mass incarceration impacts mostly the poor , the historically disfavored , the racial minority : those whose voices are rarely heard . Spending on jails and prisons has required taking money away from education , public benefits and social welfare in too many states . Some conservatives and progressives have begun to recognize that it 's time to dismantle the policies of mass incarceration . More of us must speak up . We must take responsibility for human suffering and despair even when we are conditioned not to see it . We need to challenge ourselves to work toward meaningful solutions , like rehabilitation and reform . We need to talk about the ugliest chapters of our history ; we need to talk about race and poverty . Most of all we need to talk about injustice . Because until we confront injustice , I believe its stain will shadow all of our accomplishments . We need to talk about injustice , because who we are as a society can not be accurately defined by our wealth , our technology , or our celebrities . We will be ultimately defined instead by our treatment of the poor , our compassion for the condemned , our commitment to our own humanity . We need to talk about injustice , so that we can create justice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bryan Stevenson .	Bryan Stevenson : The number of Americans in prisons has grown tremendously He says mass incarceration is an injustice that stains America Stevenson says justice system incarcerates minor criminals , locks up children for life He says America will be judged for its compassion for poor and condemned
Budget Travel  -- On your next trip , you could be checking into a wine cask , a salvaged 727 airplane , or a room where the furniture defies the law of gravity . The casks at the Hotel De Vrouwe Van Stavoren in the Netherlands once held the equivalent of 19,333 bottles of wine . Upside-down stay At Berlin 's Propeller Island City Lodge , each of the 30 rooms is weird in its own way . The artist-owner , Lars Stroschen , has seen to that . One room , the first built , is made to look like a brightly painted medieval town , with an ultra-mini golf course surrounding the castle bed . Another has furniture attached to the ceiling , another has coffins for beds , and still another has lion cages on stilts  the Web site claims that kids "  love to sleep " in them  . Then there 's the Freedom Room , which resembles a prison , complete with a toilet next to the bed -- oh , that German humor ! 011-49/30 -891 -90 -16 , propeller-island . com . A place to unwine 'd When they were owned by a Swiss château , the four enormous casks on the grounds of the Hotel De Vrouwe Van Stavoren in the Netherlands held the equivalent of 19,333 bottles of wine . Now , after some creative recycling , it 's guests rather than booze that mellow out inside the casks . The richly worn and airtight oak barrels have two narrow beds , with a small sitting area outside . The grounds are quite close to tiny Stavoren 's harbor , which was a major port in the Middle Ages . 011-31/51 -46 -81 -202 , hotel-vrouwevanstavoren . nl . A bad trip  with none of the consequences The daughter of Ho Chi Minh 's number two masterminded the Hang Nga Guest House and Art Gallery , a complex that more than earns its local nickname , the Crazy House . This LSD nightmare 's three main buildings are Gaudi-esque concrete treehouse-like growths that appear as if they flowed organically out of the ground . Inside , the walls seem to dissolve into the floor , and right angles are avoided entirely . Each guest room is built around a different animal theme : the Eagle Room has a big-beaked bird standing atop a huge egg , while another has arm-sized ants crawling up the wall . The animal theme continues outside -- a large giraffe statue on the property contains a teahouse , and human-size "  spider webs " are set up here and there . 011-84/63 -82 -20 -70 . Budget Travel : Check out these unusual hotels In a league of its own Hydrophobics should stay far from Jules ' Undersea Lodge , named for novelist Jules Verne of "  20,000 Leagues Under the Sea " fame . The 600-square-foot lodge , a former marine lab , is 21 feet underwater , close to the bottom of the mangrove-filled Emerald Lagoon , in Key Largo . You 'll have to know how to scuba dive to reach your room , and guests without the mandatory certification must take a course at the hotel . Once you 've reached the lodge , which sleeps up to six , you 'll be close to angelfish , anemones , barracuda , oysters , and other creatures -- each room is equipped with a 42-inch window , so you do n't need to be suited up to keep an eye on the neighborhood . 305/451 -2353 , jul.com . Crash in a jet plane Near a beach that 's within Manuel Antonio National Park , the Hotel Costa Verde does n't lack for great sights . But few are as amazing as its own 727 Fuselage Suite , a salvaged 1965 Boeing 727-100 that looks as if it 's crashed into the Costa Rican jungle  it 's actually mounted atop a 50-foot pillar and reached via a spiral staircase  . The jet 's interior was once able to hold up to 125 passengers , but there are few reminders left of its days in the service of South African Airways and Colombia 's Avianca Airlines . The suite 's two bedrooms , dining area , and sitting room are now covered over entirely in teak to match the surroundings . Guests can play "  spot the toucan " on the small wood deck that sits on top of the right wing . 011-506/27 -77 -05 -84 or 866/854 -7958 , costaverde.com/727.html . Your escape pod awaits Colored bright-orange for easy visibility , the '70s - era escape pods that make up the Capsule Hotel once hung outside oil rigs , ready to be deployed in case of an evacuation . Recycled by self-proclaimed "  garbage architect " Denis Oudendijk , the fleet of pods now rotates among different moorings in the Netherlands and elsewhere in Europe . At the moment , two are in the western Dutch town of Vlissingen and another is in The Hague . For a kind of James Bond-meets-Barbarella twist , opt to book your pod with a disco ball and all the spy 's movies on DVD . It 's a super-kitschy nod to a similar pod 's appearance in "  The Spy Who Loved Me . " 011-31/641 -76 -55 -60 , capsulehotel.info . On the road again Imagine how much ground you could cover if you took your bed with you . That 's the idea behind Exploranter Overland Hotel , a converted 25-ton truck that 's a true hotel on wheels in Brazil . An awning extends out from the truck 's side to provide some al fresco shade at lunchtime . The "  kitchen " comes tricked out with fridges , freezers , and a large convection oven -- on this trip , the restaurant comes with you too , and sometimes nearby cooks are brought in to give guests a taste of the local cuisine . Your luggage and sleeping quarters are towed behind you , in a trailer that sleeps up to 24 . With so much flexibility , guests can see Brazil 's back country , far from crowds and sometimes any other people at all . The tours , which last from three days up to three months or more , have included horseback riding , vineyard tours , bird watching , and rodeos . 011-55/11 -99 -38 -00 -58 , exploranter.com . Where the penthouse is a trailer park Cape Town , South Africa 's sleek Grand Daddy hotel has a surprise on its roof : a fleet of seven Airstream trailers , six of which were imported from the U.S. . The aluminum-clad "  rooms , " which sleep two people , have been done in playful themes that incorporate icons like "  Goldilocks and the Three Bears "  a blonde wig and a bear suit are available for dress-up  , and John Lennon and Yoko Ono  the room 's white-on-white furnishings include an enormous bed , natch  . If you do n't want to stray as far from the trailers ' original looks , there 's the Pleasantville model , an Eisenhower-era fantasia with chintz , harvest-gold curtains , and flower-covered throw pillows . 011-27/21 -424 -7247 , granddaddy.co.za . STILL WEIRD ! Meet the giraffes  from the 2008 edition Without sacrificing its estate-in-the-country dignity -- or all of it , anyway -- Giraffe Manor in Langata , Kenya , is arranged so that roaming giraffes can poke their heads into any open window or doorway with impunity and lather guests with their sticky , prehensile tongues . Your guesthouse is their guesthouse , so the silly creatures pop up everywhere , including over the breakfast table , in the lobby , and through the curtains of the five guest rooms for adults . 011-254/20 -890 -948 , off-hours 011-254/20 -891 -078 , giraffemanor.com . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Guests can mellow out inside wine casks in the Netherlands A sleek Cape Town , South Africa , hotel has an Airstream trailer park on the roof A Costa Rica hotel offers stays inside a salvaged airplane
One moment Monday morning , a Ukrainian flag still was flying over a military base in Ukraine 's Crimea region -- the base 's commander reportedly kidnapped by pro-Russian troops the day before . Later Monday , masked troops were at the base , and the Ukrainian flag was gone . The bloodless incursion by apparently pro-Russian forces onto the Ukrainian base in the city of Bakhchisaray -- amid disputed accounts over whether the base commander had switched sides -- was one of the latest encounters between pro-Moscow troops who are consolidating their hold on the Black Sea peninsula and Ukrainian forces who still are there . The incident at the base came a day after German Chancellor Angela Merkel bluntly told Russian President Vladimir Putin by phone the Moscow-backed referendum on whether Crimea should join Russia is illegal and would violate Ukraine 's constitution if it goes ahead on March 16 . Legal or not , Crimean referendum will shape Ukraine crisis Putin has defended breakaway moves by pro-Russian leaders in Crimea , where Russian forces have been tightening their grip on a region that has been the epicenter of a battle for influence among Moscow , Kiev and the West since Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych 's ouster last month . Pro-Russian forces last week pushed into the autonomous region in a bloodless siege , prompting criticism from Western nations and Ukraine 's interim government . Moscow has denounced the events that led to Yanukovych 's ouster as an illegitimate coup and has refused to recognize the new Ukrainian authorities , putting the two countries on a collision course over control of Crimea , which has longstanding ties to Russia and has thousands of Russian troops stationed there . Putin has said Russia has the right to protect Russians living in the former Soviet republic . As tensions mount , Ukraine 's armed forces carried out training exercises to test their readiness , the country 's Defense Ministry said . Citing televised comments made by Defense Minister Ihor Tenyukh on Sunday , it said the army was not calling for full mobilization , as diplomacy was still the preferred method to resolve the crisis . The Prime Minister of the autonomous region , Sergey Aksenev , was recently appointed commander-in-chief by the region 's parliament , giving him the power to form an army , government spokeswoman Ekaterina Polonchuk told CNN . Aksenev told the Interfax news agency that the decision to form a military stems from "  the presence of illegal armed groups in the territory of Crimea , " comments confirmed to CNN by Polonchuk . So far , it appears a small number of men have joined the new army . Opinion : Five myths about the crisis Masked troops at Ukrainian base Monday 's appearance of masked troops at the Bakhchisaray base came a day after a pro-Russian group appeared to have kidnapped base commander Vladimir Sadovnik at a checkpoint , according to the Ukrainian military . When a CNN crew visited the base Monday morning , the Ukrainian military was in charge , but Sadovnik still was missing . The deputy commander said that if "  they to try blackmail us into giving up the base , it wo n't happen . " Three hours later , the crew returned to the base , and the Ukrainian flag was no longer flying there . Masked gunmen were on the property , looking at the crew from the other side of a fence . The deputy commander told CNN said 15 gunmen came to the base with Sadovnik , and that the gunmen were planning to take vehicles from the base . CNN was not allowed inside . What Sadovnik did upon his return is disputed . Ukrainian Defense Ministry spokesman Vladislav Seleznyov said Sadovnik had switched allegiance and persuaded some of the Ukrainian troops there to join him . Sadovnik and the men who joined him loaded trucks with fuel , radios and other goods to take away from the base , according to Seleznyov . But Sadovnik , talking later to CNN by phone , denied Seleznyov 's account . He said his kidnappers allowed him to return to the base , and that he still was loyal to Ukraine . He said pro-Russian forces did ask Ukrainian troops at the base to change sides Monday , but that he did no such thing . He said he still was at the base ; CNN could n't immediately verify his location . The control of base was n't immediately clear Monday . Seleznyov said both Ukrainian and Russian flags were flying at the base late Monday afternoon . Putin earlier this month secured permission from his parliament to use military force to protect Russian citizens in Ukraine . The move came days after Yanukovych 's flight from the country . Yanukovych was ousted after three months of protests against his decision to spurn a free trade deal with the European Union and turn toward closer ties with Moscow . Are the Russians listening ? At the United Nations , French Ambassador Gerard Araud told reporters the situation in Crimea "  is worsening by the day . " Russian troops are being reinforced and Moscow appears ready to annex the region , he said after a Security Council session Monday afternoon . "  The session  was a call to the Russians : We want to negotiate . We want a political settlement . Please do n't worsen this crisis , " Araud said . But he added , "  The Russians are not showing any signal that they are listening to us -- not only to the Security Council , but to all the heads of state and government . " And British Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant said no "  free and fair " vote could be held "  while Crimea is under the illegal control of Russian troops and armed militias who are denying access to international monitors . " "  In the light of these concerns , if the referendum goes ahead on the 16th of March , its results must be considered illegal and illegitimate by all nations , " Grant said . Opinion : Clock is ticking on Crimea crisis Propaganda war Earlier , Ukraine 's Defense Ministry said a group of about 20 pro-Russian activists from the so-called Crimea self-defense squads had broken into the military hospital in the region 's main administrative city , Simferopol , and thrown out its chief . In a later statement , it said the hospital chief was back at work after negotiations but added the premises were being blockaded by the activists . However a CNN team that traveled to the hospital found it very quiet , with no one around . A guard on duty said he had not heard or seen anything unusual and that there was no senior official to speak with as Monday was a public holiday . In the course of the rapidly changing events of the past week , a propaganda war over Ukraine has quickly developed as each side seeks to strengthen its stance . Scenes of balaclava-wearing men without insignia patrolling streets or other premises have now become a familiar sight in the region . Reports of confrontations were n't limited to Crimea . In the eastern mainland Ukrainian city of Lugansk , just a few kilometers west of the Russian border , 50 to 60 pro-Russian activists burst into an IRTA TV station building on Monday , editor-in-chief Katerina Rakova said . The intruders initially threatened to burn the building if they were n't allowed to broadcast . But they eventually left , warning that they would return if they are dissatisfied with the station 's news broadcasts about pro-Russian demonstrations in Lugansk , Rakova said . Russia , meanwhile , accused far-right groups Monday of "  conniving " with the new authorities in Ukraine . In a statement , the Russian Foreign Ministry condemned "  lawlessness " in eastern Ukraine and accused the West of being silent over violence and detentions taking place against Russian citizens , such as one incident last week when it said masked gunmen fired on and injured peaceful protesters . On Monday afternoon , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he was "  increasingly alarmed " by developments in Ukraine . "  Recent events in Crimea in particular have only served to deepen the crisis . As tensions and mistrust are growing , I urge all sides to refrain from hasty actions and provocative rhetoric , " he said .	French U.N. ambassador says Russia is n't listening to anyone Ukrainian military base commander in Crimea denies switching allegiance Russia says far-right groups "  conniving " with new authorities in Kiev Pro-Russian Prime Minister of Crimea is assembling a small army
Beijing  CNN  -- Li Keqiang on Friday was named China 's premier , the No. 2 position in the Chinese government , completing the once-a-decade transition of leadership in the world 's most populous nation . He replaces Wen Jiabao . Li rose to the position at the nation 's annual parliamentary gathering , which a day earlier named Xi Jinping as China 's new president . He was the sole candidate . The vote was largely a rubber stamp that completes the highly choreographed leadership transition which started in November , which saw the traditionally nine-member Politburo Standing Committee shrink to seven . Four months after taking over as General Secretary of the Communist Party , Xi replaced outgoing leader Hu Jintao Thursday after a formal vote of about 3,000 deputies at the National People 's Congress  NPC  . Xi was also named chairman of the state Central Military Commission . "  He has had a stronger military relationship than either of his two predecessors -- Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao -- when they began , so Xi comes in with a really strong position and he needs it , " Robert Lawrence Kuhn , author of "  How China 's Leaders Think , " told CNN . "  We could go through a whole list of problems from the structure of the economy as well as the social issues : Health care , housing , education and pollution and retirement and food safety , " Kuhn added . "  All of these things are all bubbling up together -- and with a billion cell phones in China , everybody knows it , so he 's on the spot . " Opening the NPC last week , Wen urged delegates to "  unite as one and work hard to finish building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation , " according to state-run news agency Xinhua . PROFILES : China 's new leaders Since the congress convened March 5 , thousands of Chinese officials have held a series of meetings to discuss the structure of state departments and future targets . The NPC concludes Sunday . Goals set out for China , now the world 's second largest economy , during the NPC included an annual growth rate this year of 7.5 % . Efforts would be made to keep consumer price inflation at around 3.5 % . And , nine million new jobs would be created with the intention of keeping urban unemployment at no more than 4.6 % . Beijing announced during the NPC it would strengthen the powers of the State Food and Drug Administration in the wake of widespread health concerns over food safety , such as tainted milk and baby formula scandals , according to Xinhua . The issue of water quality also became clear during the congress , with the discovery of nearly 6,000 dead pigs in a Shanghai river , raising local concerns about the safety of the city 's drinking water . This winter has seen its worst pollution in living memory , angering a population already jaded by a series of high-profile corruption scandals -- including the downfall of the once high-flying politician Bo Xilai -- that have tainted the reputation of the party . In a speech published by the People 's Daily earlier this month , Xi warned that China faced many risks and challenges , saying that the party 's future was at stake . The NPC also approved the restructuring of several ministries under the State Council . The two agencies that regulate and censor media -- the State Administration of Radio , Film and Television and the General Administration of Press and Publication -- will be merged , as will the Health Ministry and the National Population and Family Planning Commission , Xinhua reported . CNN 's Kevin Voigt and Katie Hunt contributed to this story	Li Keqiang was named China 's premier , the No. 2 position Xi Jinping formally took the role of Chinese president on Thursday New leaders were named last November but have been waiting for congress NPC discussed major issues facing country , including economic aims
In a scathing report , the U.S. Department of Justice on Monday accused the East Haven Police Department  EHPD  in Connecticut of engaging in a pattern of widespread discrimination against Latinos in violation of the Constitution and federal law . "  We find that EHPD engages in discriminatory policing against Latinos , including but not limited to targeting Latinos for discriminatory traffic enforcement , treating Latino drivers more harshly than non-Latino drivers after a traffic stop , and intentionally and woefully failing to design and implement internal systems of control that would identify , track , and prevent such misconduct , " Assistant Attorney General Thomas J. Perez wrote in a 23-page letter to the East Haven mayor , detailing the results of a two-year investigation . The letter described the discrimination as "  deeply rooted in the Department 's culture , " and cited a statistical analysis showing how Latinos were "  intentionally targeted " for traffic stops . It provided the example of a particular officer 's stops -- 40.5 % of which were of Latino drivers . Overall , the investigation found that 19.9 % of traffic stops made by the EHPD were of Latino drivers , concluding it "  shows pervasive discrimination against Latinos on every level of EHPD traffic enforcement activity . " The report also said officers were able to target Latinos by focusing on customers leaving Latino businesses . In addition to the high rate of traffic stops , the report accused some EHPD officers of conducting unauthorized immigration investigations . The report mentioned "  numerous incident reports " where EHPD officers contacted Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  to check on the status or seek an immigration detention of a Latino person . Investigators said the tactic was "  used to harass and intimidate Latinos rather than pursue legitimate law enforcement objectives . " The analysis of the police department 's practices against the Latino community said the Connecticut department , at the very least , turned a blind eye to the blatant cases of biased policing and at worst , enabled it . It also accused the department 's leadership of thwarting the investigation by "  creating a hostile and intimidating environment " for anyone willing to cooperate with it . CNN reached out to the East Haven Police Department multiple times for comment on Monday . It did not respond . According to 2010 census data , East Haven has a population of some 29,000 people . The vast majority of residents , 88.5 % , are white , while 10.3 % of the population identifies as Hispanic or Latino . Close to 3 % of residents identify as black or African-American . The findings come on the heels of a federal investigation that began more than two years ago , involving a massive review of EHPD incident reports , documents and interviews of department personnel . The Justice Department said it will meet with community leaders , as well with as municipal agencies to address the concerns raised in the report . But the federal agency also made clear that the United States may suspend or terminate federal funding if the town fails to address the civil rights violations .	Federal officials accuse police in East Haven of discrimination Police targeted Latino drivers , they say East Haven police did not respond to multiple requests for comment
CNN  -- Celebrity chef Paula Deen hopes the Supreme Court 's ruling allowing same-sex marriage to be legal in California will help in her defense against a racial discrimination lawsuit . The woman alleging that she was subjected to a hostile work environment while working as an assistant manager at Deen 's restaurants is white and therefore does n't have the "  standing , " or legal right , to claim racial discrimination , according to a motion filed Monday by Deen 's lawyer . The high court rejected an appeal of California 's Proposition 8 law last week on the grounds that the private parties behind the appeal did not have standing to defend the ballot measure barring gay and lesbian couples from state-sanctioned wedlock . Even if the federal judge in Savannah , Georgia , accepts the argument and tosses the lawsuit , much damage has already been done to Deen 's career and businesses by the public fallout from a deposition in which she acknowledged using the "  N-word . " Chat : Comfort food , uncomfortable topics Asked by the lawyer taking the deposition if she had ever used the word , she said , "  Yes , of course . " She said she had probably used the racial slur when talking to her husband about "  when a black man burst into the bank that I was working at and put a gun to my head " -- an incident that took place 30 years ago . Asked if she had used it since then , she said , "  I 'm sure I have , but it 's been a very long time . " She noted that circumstances have changed "  since the '60s in the South . " Many of Deen 's lucrative business relationships have crumbled in the wake of media coverage of the lawsuit . She has lost at least nine endorsements along with her Food Network cooking show , and publication of her eagerly anticipated cookbook has been canceled . Deen attorney William Franklin 's motion , filed Monday with the U.S. District Court in Savannah , cited the June 26 Supreme Court decision in Hollingsworth v. Perry , the California case . "  Writing for the majority , Chief Justice Roberts made this observation : Article III of the Constitution confines the judicial power of federal courts to deciding actual ` Cases ' or ` Controversies , ' " the motion said . "  One essential aspect of this requirement is that any person invoking the power of a federal court must demonstrate standing to do so . This requires the litigant to prove that he has suffered a concrete and particularized injury that is fairly traceable to the challenged conduct , and is likely to be redressed by a favorable judicial decision . " George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley told CNN Tuesday the contention that the Prop 8 ruling is relevant to the Deen case wo n't hold water . The concept of standing is hardly new , and the Supreme Court bringing it into the spotlight in Hollingsworth v. Perry does n't not advance Deen 's motion to dismiss the case , Turley said . Deen 's accuser : ` This has never been about the N-word ' Lisa Jackson , the plaintiff in the suit against Deen is white , has no standing because she could n't have suffered "  a personal and tangible harm " from hearing the "  N-word " on the job , the Franklin 's , motion says . In the Prop 8 case , state officials refused to pursue an appeal when a federal judge struck down the same-sex marriage ban . Private citizens picked it up , ultimately to be told by the high court last week that they had no standing to do so . Jackson is a former manager at Deen 's restaurants in Savannah , Georgia . She is suing Deen and her brother , Bubba Hier , alleging they committed numerous acts of violence , discrimination and racism that resulted in the end of her five-year employment at Deen 's Lady & Sons and Bubba 's Seafood and Oyster House eateries in Savannah . She gave a statement to CNN 's Don Lemon through her lawyer , Matthew Billips , on Monday . "  This lawsuit has never been about the N-word , " she said . "  It is to address Ms. Deen 's patterns of disrespect and degradation of people that she deems to be inferior . I may be a white woman , but I could no longer tolerate her abuse of power as a business owner , nor her condonation of Mr. Hier 's despicable behavior on a day-to-day basis . I am what I am , and I am a human being that cares about all races , and that is why I feel it is important to be the voice for those who are too afraid to use theirs . " Deen 's lawyer has called the allegations false , and Deen has said she does not tolerate prejudice . Deen made an emotional appearance on NBC 's "  Today Show " last week in which she called the accusations "  horrible , horrible lies . " "  I believe that every creature on this Earth , every one of God 's creatures , was created equal , " she said . " ... I believe that everyone ought to be treated equal . " Deen was raised to never be unkind to anyone , she said . Opinion : We use Deen to give ourselves a pass CNN 's Stephanie Genkin , Josh Levs , Caleb Silver and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : Law professor says the Prop 8 ruling is not relevant to the Deen case A white woman ca n't sue for racial discrimination , Deen 's lawyer argues Deen 's motion cites last week 's Supreme Court ruling on California 's Prop 8 The high court ruled private citizens had "  no standing " to appeal same-sex ruling
London  CNN  -- The maker of a fake bomb detector that investigators say put lives at risk was sentenced Thursday to 10 years in prison by a London court . James McCormick , 57 , marketed his ADE 651 units to government agencies and private companies around the world , including in Iraq , with sales exceeding $ 50 million by his own admission . However , independent tests showed the device has no better than a random chance of finding a golf ball , much less a bomb . British police say the device -- the ADE standing for "  Advanced Detection Equipment " -- is really a novelty golf-ball finder with the label removed . Read more : Fake bomb detector maker made millions from trick Judge Richard Hone at the Old Bailey court said he was taking the rare step of passing the maximum possible sentence because of McCormick 's "  cavalier disregard for the potentially fatal consequences of his fraudulent activity . " McCormick was convicted last month on three counts of fraud . He was sentenced to 10 years on each of the counts , to run concurrently . Half of the 10-year term must be served before he 's eligible for release on parole , the judge said . While specific cases of death or injury as a result of the use of the devices ca n't be proved , their sale was a "  callous confidence trick , " the judge said . "  The jury found that you knew the devices did not work , yet the soldiers in Iraq and elsewhere believed in them , in part due to your powers of salesmanship and in part the extravagant and fraudulent claims made in your promotional material . "  After a six-week trial , I am wholly satisfied that your fraudulent conduct in selling so many useless devices for simply enormous profit promoted a false sense of security and in all probability materially contributed to causing death and injury to innocent individuals . " Explaining his decision to hand McCormick the maximum possible sentence , the judge focused on the scale of the fraud and its potentially deadly consequences . McCormick was the driving force and sole director of his company , ATSC , and with a small number of employees sold well over 7,000 devices to the Iraqi government and other international agencies for between $ 2,500 and $ 30,000 per unit , the judge said . One invoice showed total sales in excess of $ 38 million to Iraq over a period of nearly three years , he added . Police investigators believe it cost McCormick less than $ 60 to make each device . In some places , the fake detectors remain in use and are a continuing danger to life , Hone said . "  Soldiers , police forces , border customs officers , hotel security staff and many other users trusted their lives to the overpriced devices sold by you , which were no more than plastic components with a disconnected antenna with a capability of detecting explosives no better than random chance , " he said . "  Your profits were obscene , funding grand houses , a greedy and extravagant lifestyle and even a yacht . " McCormick also has shown no remorse for his actions , the judge said . He made millions from the sale of the devices and used the proceeds to fund a luxurious lifestyle . Ahead of the sentencing , a defense lawyer for McCormick told the court that there was no evidence that vehicles carrying bombs passed through checkpoints where his devices were in use . McCormick was not responsible for any attacks , his lawyer said , and any number of devices could not protect the people of Iraq . Superintendent Nigel Rock , of Avon and Somerset Police , told reporters outside the court that the next step for investigators would be to ensure that all the proceeds from McCormick 's criminal activities are seized . Rock described him as a shameless con-man who had personally pocketed millions of dollars from his scam . But it was n't just a good sales line that allowed McCormick , over a 10-year period , to become wealthy from a fraudulent device . An Iraqi general has been jailed for procuring the ADE 651 through "  unauthorized " channels . British police believe that McCormick paid off officials to buy the ADE 651 in bulk . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge : Fake bomb detectors remain in use in some places , putting lives in danger Sale of the fake bomb detectors was a "  callous confidence trick , " says judge James McCormick is sentenced to 10 years in prison for fraud McCormick made millions and spent his earnings on a luxurious lifestyle
CNN  -- South Korea 's prime minister has offered to resign , his communications office said Monday , after failure to win parliamentary approval to stop relocation of government offices out of the capital , Seoul . Prime Minister Chung Un-chan verbally offered to resign , but President Lee Myung-bak did not accept his offer , the office said . Chung offered to resign after failure to win the parliamentary approval , a major setback to Lee 's government and a sign that his party is losing clout . The president 's Grand National Party has taken a beating in local elections , which analysts see as a referendum on his handling of the Cheonan incident . The South Korean naval ship Cheonan sank March 26 in disputed waters . The loss of the ship and 46 sailors raised tensions on the Korean Peninsula . North Korea has vehemently denied charges it fired a torpedo that sank the Cheonan . CNN 's Roya Shadravan contributed to this report .	South Korea 's prime minister offers to resign President Lee Myung-bak declines to accept his offer President 's Grand National Party has taken a beating in the polls
Washington  CNN  -- ATF Deputy Director William Hoover has resigned , just days after a congressional report on Operation Fast and Furious sharply criticized him and four other ATF officials for the botched gun-trafficking operation . Hoover officially retired from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives on Tuesday , according to two senior ATF officials . Hoover and his boss , Ken Melson , who was acting director of the ATF at the time , were re-assigned last year in a shake-up ordered by Attorney General Eric Holder . Melson remains with the Justice Department . Timeline : Operation Fast and Furious scandal Hoover was serving as an assistant to the new ATF deputy director when he submitted his retirement papers Monday , officials said . A report last week by Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , and Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , laid much of the blame for the failed gun-running probe on Melson and Hoover in Washington , and three ATF officials in Arizona . A detailed investigation by the Justice inspector general is expected later this month , and Holder has vowed that he will take action , if warranted , against individuals found culpable in the investigation . The controversy over Fast and Furious erupted after two of an estimated 1,400 missing weapons lost by the ATF in Mexico , were discovered at the scene of the murder of U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry . The ATF 's planned sting operation to track weapons illegally purchased by straw purchasers bound for a Mexico drug cartel proved disastrous when ATF agents lost track of hundreds of weapons after they crossed the Mexican border . Holder and his top lieutenants have been on the defensive over the bungled operation that was mounted by one of the Justice Department 's agencies . Holder has forcefully ended the practice of allowing guns "  to walk " in the hands of illegal purchasers with the intent of tracking weapons to cartels .	The ATF 's Operation Fast and Furious lost track of hundreds of weapons in Mexico Two of the missing weapons were found at the scene of a border patrol agent 's death ATF Deputy Director Hoover was among officials criticized by a congressional report Hoover officially submitted his retirement papers this week
Washington  CNN  -- A lawyer for presidential assailant John Hinckley Jr. made an impassioned plea to a federal judge Thursday to allow Hinckley longer visits to his elderly mother 's home in Virginia . "  We submit that you ca n't afford to go slow , " Barry Levine said . "  Mrs. Hinckley , who is now healthy , can not remain healthy forever . " The lawyer said Hinckley needs to spend more time with his 86-year-old mother , Jo Ann , while she 's still able to help him integrate into her community in Williamsburg , Virginia . Levine rejected concerns by government mental health experts that John Hinckley is so isolated he has never made any friends in Williamsburg while there during releases , that he is deceptive and that he has problematic romantic relationships with women . "  Not once during any one of these releases has Mr. Hinckley done anything dangerous or violent . Not once , " Levine said at the conclusion of a multiple-day court hearing on his client 's future . "  Mr. Hinckley is entitled as a matter of constitutional law to be placed in the least restrictive environment consistent with public safety . " Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the 1981 shooting of President Ronald Reagan , press secretary James Brady , Secret Service Agent Timothy McCarthy , and police officer Thomas Delahanty . For three decades Hinckley has been a patient at St. Elizabeths , a mental hospital in the District of Columbia . Currently , Hinckley is allowed 10-day visits once a month to his widowed mother 's home . His hospital has proposed increasing that to two visits of 17 days followed by six visits of 24 days . After that , St. Elizabeths would like the authority to decide whether Hinckley could be released on "  convalescent leave , " which would make him a permanent outpatient . The government opposes the plan . Prosecutor Nihar Mohanty said the hospital and Hinckley 's legal team have "  not met the burden " to prove Hinckley wo n't be a danger to himself or others if he has more freedom . The government wants to keep the visits limited to 10 days at least until there is a more specific plan in place for Hinckley to attend outpatient group , art and music therapy sessions through a Williamsburg mental health provider . Hinckley already sees a psychiatrist and a case manager during his trips . One of the biggest controversies raised during 13 days of hearings was that Hinckley did not always follow hospital-approved itineraries for how he would spend three hours of unaccompanied time allotted to him twice during each visit . Witnesses testified that in July and September of 2011 Hinckley skipped movies he was permitted to attend and then lied about it . In addition , Secret Service agents who were watching Hinckley testified that in July and October last year , Hinckley went to bookstores and looked at shelves of history books , some of which dealt with presidential assassinations . The St. Elizabeths proposal to expand Hinckley 's freedoms would give him more hours of free time and stop requiring that he adhere to itineraries . The government concedes Hinckley 's condition has improved through the years , but does not want him to have unsupervised outings at this time . Mohanty said if the judge decides to allow more free time without specific itineraries , the government would want him to wear an ankle monitor . Hinckley does carry a cell phone equipped with GPS , but a subpoena would be needed to access his phone records . The government maintains the GPS-equipped phone is not a feasible way to keep track of Hinckley in real time anyway . Testimony during the proceedings revealed the Secret Service watches Hinckley from time to time while he is in Williamsburg . But lawyers said that from August of 2009 until March of 2011 , agents were not doing surveillance while he was going to restaurants , stores , and other activities . Levine bitterly complained during his closing argument about psychiatrists Raymond Patterson and Robert Phillips , who testified as government witnesses . He said their risk assessments on Hinckley were based on "  little more than supercilious swagger . " Their concerns about Hinckley were the same ones they had raised previously through the years , yet Hinckley had never done anything dangerous , Levine said . Patterson and Phillips voiced concerns about the hospital 's proposal to greatly increase Hinckley 's freedom . Patterson , the former director of forensic psychiatry at St. Elizabeths , told the court he opposes allowing any expansion of Hinckley 's trips beyond 17 days and said the unaccompanied time should end . Patterson said he interviewed Hinckley and specifically asked him about lying about going to the movies . He testified Hinckley said the doctor was "  nitpicking . " Patterson and Phillips both said Hinckley should have kept to his itineraries to prove he could be trusted . The doctors also raised concerns about Hinckley 's romantic relationships with a series of women he met at St. Elizabeths . Here again Hinckley 's truthfulness was called into question with testimony that Hinckley had given different stories to different people about whether he had been engaged to one woman identified only as Miss CB . It was Hinckley 's delusional relationship with actress Jodie Foster that motivated him to shoot President Reagan . Hinckley sat quietly during the multiple days of testimony , but never testified . Levine would not discuss his client 's views about the hearing but he described him as "  resilient . " Levine said his client had been subjected to "  an unfortunate volley of attacks " during the course of the court proceedings . U.S. District Judge Paul Friedman told lawyers for both sides not to expect his ruling before April or May . Lawyers said it would not be surprising if Friedman took even more time to weigh all the evidence before making his decision . In December , Friedman indicated he was uncomfortable with the proposal for St. Elizabeths to ultimately decide if Hinckley could become a permanent outpatient . Instead , the judge said , that authority should rest with him .	"  You ca n't afford to go slow , " John Hinckley 's attorney tells the judge Hinckley is seeking eventual permanent release in the town where his mother lives The government says it has not been shown he would not be a danger to others The judge tells the attorneys not to expect a decision before April or May
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A 15-year-old girl allegedly tortured by her in-laws in Afghanistan after she refused to be forced into prostitution is not doing well in hospital , aid workers say . Sahar Gul was rescued by police last month in the country 's northern Baghlan province after she was locked in the basement of her in-laws ' house , starved and her nails pulled out . She is safe , but signs of the abuse she 's suffered remain all too clear , said Wazhma Frogh of the Afghan Women 's Network . Sahar is too weak to move her body , which has black bruise marks all over from being beaten , and the nurses gave her diapers because she ca n't get to the toilet , Frogh said . The girl 's eyes are bruised and she ca n't speak . Her hair was also cut short by her in-laws as a punishment after she refused to sleep with other men . A photograph provided by the Afghan Women 's Network shows her asleep in a hospital bed , the bruising on her face obvious and her head bandaged . The mental trauma she suffered is also affecting her , and is under medication to help her deal with it , Frogh said . "  We 've also provided her with a trauma counselor because she is very traumatized and even when I wanted to take her hand , she resisted , " despite being unconscious , Frogh said . Because the teenager was beaten and assaulted , she added , "  now she does n't want anyone to even touch her . " Last month , authorities in Baghlan said they rescued the girl after hearing reports that she was tortured after she refused to be forced into prostitution . But , they said , they were waiting for her to fully recover to talk to her and learn more . Sahar was married off to a 30-year-old man about seven months ago . After her parents reported not seeing her for months , police launched their investigation , Baghlan police official Jawid Basharat said at the time . Meanwhile , Sahar 's father-in-law , mother-in-law and sister-in-law have been arrested but her husband -- who Frogh said is thought to be a soldier serving in Helmand province -- has not been caught . The Women 's Network is determined to do its best to ensure she gets the care she needs -- but Frogh warned that her recovery wo n't be easy . "  She needs proper food , proper care that our government 's hospitals do n't have , therefore we have been collecting donations to provide to the hospital to buy her good food , clothing and other basic needs , " she said . "  We also have to think of her shelter once she is back into normal life , which is going to take some months . " At the same time , the Women 's Network has found a lawyer for Sahar and has persuaded the Afghan authorities to move the investigation to Kabul , where there will be less influence from the local community , Frogh said . It has also contacted the attorney general to appeal for a faster investigation before the girl 's in-laws are released from custody . Afghan President Hamid Karzai has called for the abuse to be "  seriously investigated , " his office said in a statement Sunday . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	Sahar Gul is found by police locked in the basement of her in-laws ' house The teenager is starved , beaten and her nails are pulled out Her in-laws abused her after she refused to be forced into prostitution , aid workers say
EW.com  -- Who had more money thrown at him this weekend ? A bong-smoking teddy bear with a bad attitude or Channing Tatum in a sparkly G-string ? Surprisingly , the stuffed animal proved the victor ! Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane 's raunchy comedy "  Ted , " which stars Mark Wahlberg and Mila Kunis , earned an impressive $ 54.1 million out of 3,239 theaters during its debut weekend -- the third-best debut ever for an R rated comedy behind the openings of "  The Hangover Part II "  $ 85.9 million  and "  Sex and the City "  $ 57 million  -- and the best debut ever for an original comedic storyline . What went right ? According to Universal 's President of Domestic Distribution Nikki Rocco , "  The film . The marketing . The advertising -- that 's what went right ! " During a phone call with EW this morning , Rocco praised "  Ted 's " advertising campaign kick-off in April , when MacFarlane appeared in a 90-second TV spot during an episode of "  Family Guy " and pointed audiences to "  Ted 's " extra-buzzy red-band trailer online . Clearly , much of the loyal "  Family Guy " audience turned out for the opening weekend . "  It 's been a while since an original , zany comedy has been on the marketplace , " says Rocco . "  Everybody likes something fresh , something new . " Indeed , they did . "  Ted 's " debut frame easily surpassed those of other recent R-rated hits like "  21 Jump Street "  $ 36.1 million  , "  Horrible Bosses "  $ 28.3 million  , "  Bad Teacher "  $ 31.6 million  , and Wahlberg 's own PG-13 flick "  The Other Guys "  $ 35.5 million  . Each of those films exhibited substantial legs at the box office and crossed $ 100 million domestically . Given "  Ted 's " decent reviews and healthy "  A - " CinemaScore grade , it should too . Universal just may have a $ 200 million hit on its hands -- great news considering the film , which was produced by Media Rights Capital , cost just $ 50 million . Men made up most of the crowds . According to Universal , Ted 's audience was 56 % male , while 52 % of moviegoers were 30 or older . You know which movie 's audience was n't predominantly male ? "  Magic Mike 's . " The endlessly written about stripper film , which is partially inspired by Channing Tatum 's real-life stripper past , grossed a tremendous $ 39.2 million in its opening weekend from audiences which were 73 % female . The result is far higher than anyone in the industry would have predicted a month ago , but "  Mike quickly snowballed into a "  Sex and the City " - type release and became a must-see "  event " for groups of women in the mood for something other than "  Fifty Shades of Grey . " "  This is what the business is about , " says Warner Brothers ' President of Domestic Distribution Dan Fellman . "  There are surprises sometimes , and when you get a sleeper , it 's great . " For Warner Brothers , "  Magic Mike " was already a winner on its opening day , when it grossed a jaw-dropping $ 19.4 million . The film was independently financed for $ 7 million by Steven Soderbergh , Channing Tatum and Matthew McConaughey ; Warner Brothers then paid $ 7 million to acquire "  Magic Mike " from Soderbergh , with whom they often collaborate , and agreed to distribute . Of course , advertising and distribution costs exist as well , but according to Fellman , "  Everybody is making a lot of money . " While "  Magic Mike " did score a sizzling debut , the drama also proved incredibly front-loaded .  And no , I 'm not talking about Joe Manganiello 's character Big Dick Richie .  After "  Mike 's " $ 19.4 million opening day , it fell by a whopping 42 percent on Saturday to $ 11.4 million and then a more-standard 26 % on Sunday to $ 8.4 million . These declines point to a truncated run at the box office â $ " as does the moderate "  B " CinemaScore grade from audiences , who may have been expecting an upbeat romp from "  Magic Mike , " which is actually quite a bit darker than advertising suggests . Thus , only time will tell whether the film passes $ 100 million domestically . Still , "  Magic Mike " should n't be viewed as anything but a huge winner -- especially for its star , Channing Tatum , whose banner year continues . Following the success of "  The Vow "  $ 125 million  , and "  21 Jump Street "  $ 138.3 million  , Tatum 's appeal has earned him another smash , and no actor in Hollywood has a higher stock than him right now . Maybe it 's a good thing that "  G.I. Joe " got pushed ... . Last weekend 's chart champion , Disney-Pixar 's $ 185 million effort "  Brave , " dropped by 49 % in its second weekend to a still-strong $ 34 million -- good for third place . The Scottish adventure raced past the $ 100 million mark on its eighth day of release and has now earned $ 131.7 million after two weekends . A good comparison for "  Brave " is another Pixar favorite "  Wall-E , " which also dropped by 49 % in its second weekend and had earned $ 127.2 million at the same point in its run . "  Wall-E " finished with $ 223 million domestically , and that seems like a probable total for "  Brave " as well . In fourth , "  Tyler Perry 's Madea 's Witness Protection " started with a potent $ 26.4 million from 2,161 theaters -- a bit ahead of the director 's last Madea film , "  Madea 's Big Happy Family , " which debuted to $ 25.1 million in 2011 . "  Witness Protection 's " small uptick is an encouraging sign for the cross-dressing franchise , which was beginning to show signs of age when "  Madea 's Big Happy Family " earned "  just " $ 53.3 million , a full 41 % less than 2009â $ ² s "  Madea Goes To Jail , " which grossed $ 90.5 million . Audiences issued the picture , which cost $ 20 million , an "  A - " CinemaScore grade . Rounding out the Top 5 is Dreamworks ' $ 145 million sequel "  Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted , " which has held up quite well in the face of "  Brave " over the past two weeks . "  Madagascar 3 " dropped 40 % this weekend to $ 11.8 million and has now grossed $ 180 million after four frames . The zoo animal comedy has stampeded up the box office faster than either of its predecessors -- at the same point in its run , "  Madagascar : Escape 2 Africa " had earned $ 159.1 million . "  Europe 's Most Wanted " is now poised to be the highest domestic earner in the franchise , and it will soon outdo the original "  Madagascar 's " $ 193.6 million haul . Down in tenth place , Disney 's family drama "  People Like Us " flopped almost as badly as last weekend 's "  Seeking a Friend for the End of the World . " Despite overall positive reviews , "  People Like Us " grossed a measly $ 4.3 million from 2,055 theaters . Good thing the Chris Pine/Elizabeth Banks drama , which earned a "  B + " CinemaScore grade , carries a light $ 16 million budget . Overall , the box office is demonstrating remarkable health . Without a giant action movie in the Top 5 , the current lineup was still able to set a June box office record with a cumulative gross well above $ 200 million .  I 'll add in exact figures when they become available . Some are saying that the heat wave sweeping across the U.S. is driving people into cool , air-conditioned theaters , and in a poll posted yesterday , 59 % of readers voted that the heat does , in fact , make them more likely to go to the theater . It should also be noted that neither of the top two films are in 3-D . 1 . Ted -- $ 54.1 million 2 . Magic Mike -- $ 39.2 million 3 . Brave -- $ 34.0 million 4 . Madea 's Witness Protection -- $ 26.4 million 5 . Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted -- $ 11.8 million See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Raunchy comedy "  Ted " earned an impressive $ 54.1 million its debut weekend "  Magic Mike " grossed a tremendous $ 39.2 million its opening weekend Disney-Pixar 's "  Brave " dropped in its second weekend to a still-strong $ 34 million
CNN  -- Should David Petraeus -- or anyone , for that matter -- lose a job because of marital infidelity ? Four experts weigh in . Larry Flynt : Stop being the morality police It 's "  Zippergate " all over again . When will Americans realize that an active libido has no effect on how someone runs a government agency ? How many leaders in the past -- whether it 's in politics , business or other settings -- have done a fine job in spite of having an extramarital affair ? We need to cease being the morality police and accept the fact that we 're all human beings . What 's more , in the uniform code of military justice , adultery can be deemed a crime . As long as such archaic laws are part of any justice system , it makes it impossible to move out of the dark ages . We are living in a society where over half of all marriages end in divorce . Why should it surprise anyone that adultery is commonplace ? The best thing the arbiters of decency and good taste can do is to stay out of other people 's lives . The greatest right that any nation can afford its people is the right to be left alone . Larry Flynt , a prominent advocate of First Amendment rights , is chairman of the Hustler brand , which includes adult magazines , broadcasting , Internet , retail , gaming and entertainment businesses . Laura Kipnis : Our amnesia about adultery Should David Petraeus have had to resign over an affair ? We 've all been reading about legendary CIA director Allen Dulles ' multiple flagrant affairs , so if you turn to history for an answer , no . But adultery matters more now than it did in Dulles ' day , and there 's more of a social need to rake people over the coals for it . Thus we have to keep developing amnesia about how common adultery is , and about the previous 10 adultery scandals , so that we can be outraged all over again . Society needs its scapegoats , and unfortunately Petraeus offered himself up for the role . This is an incredibly pleasurable scandal . First , it 's a classic downfall story , replete with powerful warriors and vengeful females -- there 's something satisfying about familiar myths like this playing out in actual life . This scandal also has so much narrative complexity : It 's a cautionary tale about unintended consequences and people not foreseeing the effects of their actions  Paula Broadwell 's e-mails , Jill Kelley contacting her FBI pal , not to mention the affair itself , though these days that 's obviously not so newsworthy on its own  . You ca n't help wondering what elements of your own life could unravel as quickly following some misguided impulse . At the same time , you get to feel superior about the terrible judgment and irrationality of supposedly rational people . And of course it confirms a lot of stereotypes we 're supposed to have put aside , about catfights , spurned destructive women , and the younger woman-aging wife problem , all of which runs counter to the various enlightened and progressive things we 're supposed to think and say about gender . There 's been much hypocrisy on this . You have all the news outlets running Broadwell 's picture next to Holly Petraeus ' , more or less saying : Draw your own conclusions . Then a few days later they 're all running finger-wagging articles  e.g. Frank Bruni in The New York Times  rebuking the other news outlets for focusing on Broadwell 's appearance and "  well-toned arms . " My own view is that given Broadwell 's tendency to showcase her physique in public appearances , it 's a legitimate part of the story . Finally , there 's always a certain satisfaction in exposing the powerful and purportedly virtuous . It confirms a cynical view of the world , that behind closed doors everyone is up to something untoward . Laura Kipnis is the author of "  How to Become a Scandal : Adventures in Bad Behavior "  Picador  . William Doyle : No cover-up in the digital age The resignation under fire of David Petraeus is many things : a global media circus , a made-for-cable-TV reality soap opera , a professional disintegration , a bizarre and sad spectacle . On one level , it is also unfair , since there is no proof yet that Petraeus violated any laws in his private personal conduct . And if perpetual moral chastity were a strict requirement for public office , Washington would be a ghost town filled with chirping crickets , tumbleweed and empty offices . But Petraeus did occupy the most sensitive and potentially high-risk job in America , and there are concerns -- not yet verified , to be sure -- that sensitive information may have passed to his mistress . From a national security risk perspective , and because of the dangers of blackmail or influence by foreign powers , it 's not too much for the American people to expect from a CIA director that he or she suspend such third-party relationships while in the post . I interviewed Petraeus a while back for my book . Like many others , I found him to be very helpful , responsive and enthusiastic , even though I believed that he did not turn the Iraq War around in 2007 , but rather built on the momentum already established by Capt. Travis Patriquin and his Army and Marine colleagues the year before . I am sorry to see Petraeus go because he seems to be a very capable man for the job . Petraeus was America 's first great digital general . He was the ultimate "  PowerPoint Ranger " -- the nickname given by military officers to colleagues adept at giving dazzling digital presentations overflowing with data , graphics and bullet points . He was an inveterate e-mailer , famously accessible to journalists , historians and writers at all hours . So it 's not surprising that he was brought down by a chain of e-mails . Perhaps Petraeus and his former colleague Gen. John Allen were addicted to e-mails on some level , but in jobs like theirs , sloppiness can be fatal . In the digital age where everything seems to have a trail , there is really no escape , no appeal and no cover-up . There 's been a lot of talk from Petraeus ' supporters that he did the honorable thing by quitting . The truth is , given his job and the digital world we live in , he had no choice . William Doyle is author of "  A Soldier 's Dream : Captain Travis Patriquin and the Awakening of Iraq "  Penguin  and co-author of "  A Mission from God : A Memoir and Challenge for America "  Simon & Schuster  . Noel M. Tichy and Chris DeRose : Resignation was honorable , necessary David Petraeus is by equal account an honorable man , a great patriot and one of the most important generals in recent U.S. history . So was it really necessary for our country to lose one of its brightest intellects in the top spy job just because he had an affair ? Ca n't you hear the laughter coming from France or Italy , where the reaction to discovery of a mistress or even a child out of wedlock is blasÃ © ? Petraeus ' resignation was as honorable as it was necessary . He did n't lose his job over infidelity . He had to either resign or be fired because he exercised poor judgment . It 's that simple . Petraeus ' surreptitious extramarital affair was investigated for fear he might have been the target of blackmail or revealed national secrets . As a long-time Washington insider , Petraeus was no naif about the consequences if the affair became public . The moment the man in charge of the world 's most powerful spy agency engaged in the affair , he took a risk that had repercussions well beyond his personal life . His self-indulgence invited an inevitable media circus that has undermined his credibility and distracted his organization at the critical moment it faces an inquiry into the September attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya . Petraeus knew that his ability to stand tall before his co-workers at the CIA , the Congress or the American people had been compromised . To enable the CIA to get on with its business , he accepted the need to step aside so that his personal life did n't become the focus . Organizations are built on trust and shared values . When leaders exercise bad judgment and take actions that risk the well-being of their constituents -- even if it happens in their personal life and is not criminal -- they compromise that trust and have to go . In the business world , CEOs or top leaders at Best Buy , Stryker , Highmark and Lockheed Martin have lost their jobs in recent months because of sexual affairs . Most companies have explicit rules or require disclosure of relationships within a company . These policies are to protect employees from managers who might leverage their power to sexually harass subordinates or engage in favoritism , creating intolerable work environments . Such rules apply to all employees , but these business leaders failed to acknowledge their affairs . Some simply kept secrets from their boards of directors , while others took deliberate steps to conceal them , no doubt to protect their reputations and marriages . To Petraeus ' credit , he reportedly never asked for special treatment and knew that public knowledge of his lapse in judgment would inevitably lead to his removal . Let 's applaud Petraeus and thank him for his invaluable service to our country . As Americans , we seem to love redemption stories and have been so often willing to give our leaders a second chance after they demonstrate their fallibility . Petraeus will no doubt resurface in coming years and , we hope , continue to contribute to our nation 's welfare . It just wo n't be at the CIA . Noel M. Tichy and Chris DeRose are co-authors of "  Judgment on the Front Line : How Smart Companies Win By Trusting Their People . " They have advised CEOs around the world and worked with Royal Dutch/Shell , Ford Motor Company , 3M and HP . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Larry Flynt : Why should it surprise anyone that adultery is commonplace ? Laura Kipnis : There 's always a certain satisfaction in exposing the powerful William Doyle : It 's not surprising that he was brought down by a chain of e-mails Noel M. Tichy , Chris DeRose : Petraeus had to resign because he showed poor judgment
A new deadline for a political framework agreement for Iran 's Nuclear talks has been set for March 1 , 2015 , a Western diplomat tells CNN on Monday , with a deadline for final agreement including annexes on July 1 . Negotiators had been scrambling to reach a deal on Iran 's nuclear program before a Monday night deadline . The negotiators included representatives from Iran and the P5 +1 countries -- the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council  the United States , Russia , China , France and Britain  , plus Germany . The parties involved will release a statement Monday citing "  good progress " from their talks in Vienna , a Western diplomat told CNN . The negotiations will reconvene at a lower level -- below the level of foreign ministers -- in the coming weeks . A deal could have brought an end to significant sanctions against Tehran and a warming of relations with the West . The absence of a deal could ramp up tensions and could lead to more punitive measures -- and even confrontation -- over Iran 's controversial nuclear program . Iran insists that like other countries , it has a right to develop nuclear power for peaceful purposes . But Western powers have accused Iran of trying to develop nuclear weapons as well . And the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , who was not part of the Vienna talks , said last week that Iranian authorities continue denying his agency access to a sensitive military complex suspected of being a site of nuclear activities . Major disagreement One of the primary sticking points in this round of talks has been how to lift sanctions against Iran . Hardliners in Iran have insisted that significant sanctions be lifted right away as a sign of good faith from the P5 +1 countries . Such penalties , including banking and energy sanctions , would affect tens of billions of dollars . Earlier this month , 200 Iranian members of parliament signed a statement demanding that Iranian negotiators "  vigorously defend " the country 's nuclear rights and ensure a "  total lifting of sanctions . " International nuclear watchdog : Iran needs to cooperate But P5 +1 members have said they 'd prefer to lift the sanctions incrementally so they can have leverage on Iran and to make sure Tehran makes good on its commitments to whatever deal is reached . Media in Tehran were skeptical about a resolution before the Monday night deadline . Reaching a deal by the deadline "  would be impossible " based on the differences that remain between negotiators , the Iranian Students ' News Agency reported Sunday , citing an unidentified Iranian official involved in the talks . Before Monday 's extension of talks , a U.S. State Department official said negotiators had been "  chipping away " at the issues . "  The focus of discussions remains on an agreement , but we are discussing both internally and with our partners a range of options for the best path forward , " the official said . This is n't the first time negotiations over Iran 's nuclear program have been extended . The previous deadline had been pushed back four months , to this round of talks . Pressure on both sides Both Iranian and American officials will face a difficult political environment at home as they return without a deal . U.S. President Barack Obama and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani have faced domestic political pressure to strike a deal . An extension could sharpen opposition both in the United States and in Iran . In the United States , Republicans will control the Senate in January , and lawmakers have threatened fresh sanctions on Iran if a deal is not reached . Although Obama has the power to veto , just the prospect of additional sanctions could drive Iran away from the table . Will Congress kill an Iran nuclear deal ? Obama has said that if an agreement is reached , he thinks he can get the approval of Congress and Americans at large . "  I 'm confident that if we reach a deal that is verifiable and assures that Iran does not have breakout capacity , that not only can I persuade Congress , but I can persuade the American people that it 's the right thing to do , " he said in an interview aired Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week . " But the senior U.S. State Department official told CNN on Sunday that the Iranians "  still have big decisions that need to be made . "	Western diplomat says new deadlines were set for March 1 and July 1 Negotiators had been scrambling to reach a deal before a Monday night deadline Hardliners in Iran want significant sanctions lifted right away Others want to lift sanctions incrementally to make sure Iran makes good on promises
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton sustained a concussion after becoming dehydrated and fainting , and will no longer testify Thursday before the House Foreign Affairs Committee on the deadly attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya . Clinton had been suffering from a stomach virus at the time , according to a statement on Saturday from Philippe Reines , deputy assistant secretary of state . She is being monitored by doctors and is recovering at home . She was never hospitalized , Reines said . "  At their recommendation , she will continue to work from home next week , staying in regular contact with Department and other officials . She is looking forward to being back in the office soon , " Reines said . A senior State Department official added that the fainting occurred earlier in the week and the concussion was "  not severe . " Source : Obama to tap Kerry to be secretary of state Secretary Clinton had been scheduled to testify on Capitol Hill Thursday about the deadly attack in Benghazi , Libya , in September that killed four Americans , including the U.S. ambassador . Jodi Seth , spokeswoman for Democratic Sen. John Kerry , Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman , said in a statement that Clinton would not testify before that committee Thursday . "  Secretary Clinton 's team contacted Senator Kerry this morning to inform them of the Secretary 's concussion . Senator Kerry was relieved to hear that the Secretary is on the mend , but he insisted that given her condition , she could not and should not appear on Thursday as previously planned , and that the nation 's best interests are served by the report and hearings proceeding as scheduled with senior officials appearing in her place , " Seth said . Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , who chairs the House Foreign Affairs Committee , said in a statement it was "  unfortunate " Clinton would not be testifying before her committee either on Thursday . William Burns and Thomas Nides , both Deputy Secretaries of State , will testify before that committee instead . "  Although I respect Bill and Tom , we still do n't have information from the Obama administration on what went so tragically wrong in Benghazi , " Ros-Lehtinen said . "  We have been combing classified and unclassified documents and have tough questions about State Department threat assessments and decision-making on Benghazi . This requires a public appearance by the Secretary of State herself . " The September 11 , 2012 , attack resulted in the deaths of four Americans , including Ambassador Chris Stevens , and called into question the security of U.S. diplomatic personnel abroad .	The concussion as not severe , an official says Rep. Ros-Lehtinen says it 's "  unfortunate " Clinton wo n't be testifying The secretary had been suffering from a stomach virus Clinton will work from home next week
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- Want a sign of economic hope ? Look to a place where the housing collapse began : Phoenix , Arizona . "  We 're talking about  home  prices being 3 to 4 % higher than last year , which most people do n't believe because they 're used to bad news , " said Mike Orr , director of Arizona State University 's Center of Real Estate Theory and Practice . Orr 's new report on the Phoenix market shows a direct reverse of the situation that sparked a massive housing bubble . Monthly foreclosure starts have fallen 49 % since a year ago . Home sales are up 8 % . The result ? What had been a market with far more housing supply than demand has now become a place where buyers have to act fast and beat out heavy competition . CNN Radio 's Lisa Desjardins reports on the turnaround in Phoenix "  It 's no longer difficult to sell your house here , " Orr told CNN Radio . "  If you price it at market , it well sell quickly . The supply situation is unusually low . " Supply is down some 42 % , Orr estimates , from September 2008 . Top 10 turnaround towns That is a dramatic turnaround for an area that once had a massive supply glut . According to Orr 's predecessor at ASU , Jay Butler , during the recession foreclosures hit an eye-popping 12 % of the homes in Maricopa County , which includes Phoenix . But now Orr 's report indicates that supply has been soaked up and Phoenix is again becoming a seller 's market where buyers must stand in line and move fast . "  The listing  came out on the market on a Friday morning . We looked at it Friday afternoon and put a bid on it Friday night , " said homeowner Tim Woodward of his new house . He and his fiancÃ © , Susan Rust , are combining their two families , which includes five teenage girls who will all live at home . "  So we need space , " Rust said . She and Woodward had already lost bids on other homes and decided to put in a contract on what would become their home while sitting in the driveway after their walk-through . "  According to the neighbors , there were 11 other couples who went through this house , " Rust said . "  So you have to be quick . " BofA to slash mortgage balances by $ 100,000 or more Rust and Woodward got their five-bedroom , three-bath house in Tempe for $ 290,000 , 40 % less than the asking price a few years ago . But neither the homeowners nor the experts think buyers are getting bargains anymore . They believe prices have already passed their low point , hit their natural floor and are rising again . This is not the housing market of a year , or even eight months ago . "  It 's getting very , very tough to find a real bargain nowadays , " said Mark Stapp , a Phoenix real estate developer who also teaches at the Center for Real Estate Theory and Practice at ASU 's Carey School of Business . The classic bargains , foreclosures and bank-owned properties , are drying up . According to Orr 's new report , the number of homes reverting to lenders in the Phoenix area is down 62 % since January 2011 . Trustee sales of foreclosed properties are down 42 % . "  The market has tightened up substantially , " Stapp said . "  In fact , I know of investors coming to town and leaving very disappointed because they thought they 'd find huge bargains and they ca n't find them . " The question is , will this trend last ? Orr , a self-professed data addict , says the numbers indicate a fundamental shift in the market . "  If there is a major economic crisis that we have n't foreseen , things can go back to square one , " he said . "  But this is not just a slight trend . This is something I see as being very significant . And it 's starting to accelerate . " Follow on Twitter : @LisaDCNN CNN 's Susanna Capeluto and Dan Szematowicz contributed to this story .	Phoenix housing market turning around , report indicates Supply is down 42 % , says Mike Orr of ASU Homeowners and experts say buyers are no longer getting bargains Orr says data point to a fundamental shift in the market
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Sada Jacobson may be a world champion fencer with three Olympic medals , but dressed in a T-shirt and sweats , she looked like any other student getting a lesson at the gym . Olympic medalist Sada Jacobson says "  a little hard work , a little luck and some guidance " makes a champion . She grabbed her saber , pulled down her mask and started sparing with her long-time coach , Arkady Burdan , at the Nellya Fencers facility in Atlanta , Georgia . "  I 've been doing this for 10 years , " remarked Jacobson , 25 , a first-year law student at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . "  I never anticipated that this is where my life would take me , and it has been an amazing trip . " This year alone , that trip has taken her to competitions around the world from Algiers , Algeria , to Havana , Cuba , and eventually to Beijing , China , where she claimed two Olympic medals . Watch Sada Jacobson on the move " About a dozen young fencers gathered around her during a break from their own lessons to take a close look at Jacobson 's silver and bronze medallions . She passed around another bronze medal that she earned at the 2004 Olympics in Athens , Greece . Jacobson is n't one to brag , but she 's happy to serve as a role model for the next generation of competitive fencers . She said all it takes to be a champion is "  a little hard work , a little luck and some guidance . " Jacobson was inspired to pursue fencing by her own father . David Jacobson was a member of the 1974 U.S. National Fencing team . Her mother and two younger sisters also participate in the sport . She blushed when her father stepped into the group of children admiring her medals and reminded them that Sada "  started out just like you guys . " Sada Jacobson played down her abilities . "  The beauty of this sport is that anyone can do it , " she said . "  It 's such a mental game that you can use any kind of physical attribute to your advantage . " There are three types of fencing : epee , foil and sabre . Jacobson specializes in sabre . "  Sabre is analogous to a sprint , " she explained . "  It 's very fast , very powerful . It 's over very quickly , and you have to put a ton of energy into changing your momentum . " While preparing for the Olympics , Jacobson spent countless hours cross training and working on agility exercises . Unlike other sports , Jacobson called fencing an asymmetrical workout . "  You are constantly in an unnatural body position , " she said . "  It 's very lower-body specific , so you need really strong legs , but you also need to be very quick and light on your feet , " she noted . The physical preparation was only part of her focus . She also studied countless videotapes of her opponents in competition in an effort to mentally outsmart them . Burdan , her coach , described the sport as a form of "  physical chess . " He said that Jacobson has outstanding technical skills but that she 's also one of the best fencers in the world because she uses her brain to strategize during a match . That 's helped her during the past five years as she captured medals in more than two dozen World Championship , World Cup and Grand Prix competitions . She arrived at the Beijing Olympics ranked No. 1 in the world . When she returned to Atlanta after the Olympics , the entire team from the Nellya club was there to greet her at the airport . Seeing that kind of hometown support "  was a truly amazing feeling , " she said . One of her admirers is Matthew Tennant , 12 , a budding fencer . He knows that it is going to take a lot of hard work and practice to match Jacobson 's accomplishments . "  It 's kind of cool that she 's been in the Olympics , " he said . "  You know , it 's not every day you get to meet a famous person . " Jacobson may be famous but not enough to forget where she got her start or to know when it 's time to hang up her saber . "  I 'm retiring , " she announced . "  My coach thinks I 'm going to make a comeback , but I 'm committed to doing some other stuff . " The other "  stuff " includes plans to get married next year and finishing law school . "  I enjoy coming back and seeing everyone and fencing for fun , " she said . "  But I think this is it for me . "	Sada Jacobson , world champion fencer , is happy to serve as a role model for kids Jacobson : Fencing is an asymmetrical workout , with body in unnatural position Fencing is "  physical chess " where brain must strategize during a match
CNN  -- Verizon Wireless has fired employees connected to a breach of records from a cell phone used by President-elect Barack Obama this year , a Verizon source said Friday . An Obama spokesman said Verizon Wireless workers looked through an old phone 's billing records . The source would not say how many people were terminated but said "  we now consider this matter closed . " Verizon reported the breach Thursday , and Obama spokesman Robert Gibbs said the transition team had been notified Wednesday . Gibbs said the president-elect no longer uses that phone , which has been inactive for months . The fired employees were hired "  to take care of customers , " the Verizon source said , and were not authorized to access customer records unless asked to do so by the customer . The source also said the employees in question could not have read text messages , if Obama sent or received them , and would not have been able to access the content of any voice mail messages , although they would have been able to see whether any had been left . "  This was some employees ' idle curiosity , " the source said , adding that records of no other customers of note were breached . Ari Schwartz of the Center for Democracy and Technology said the employees probably had access to the dates and times of calls , the length of calls and the telephone numbers of those Obama spoke with . Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam said Thursday that the company initially put all employees who had access to the account , "  whether authorized or not , " on leave during an investigation . McAdam said the device on the account was a simple voice flip-phone , not a BlackBerry or other smartphone designed for e-mail or other data services , meaning none of Obama 's e-mail could have been accessed . Verizon Wireless , meanwhile , has launched a separate internal investigation to determine whether Obama 's information was shared only among employees or whether "  the information of our customer had in any way been compromised outside our company , and this investigation continues , " McAdam said in an internal e-mail obtained by CNN . The company has alerted "  the appropriate federal law enforcement authorities , " McAdam said . CNN 's Brian Todd and Ed Henry contributed to this report	Source would n't say how many fired , but says Verizon considers matter closed Obama spokesman says transition team was told about breach Wednesday Spokesman says the phone is old and Obama no longer uses it No indication any calls were monitored or voice mails improperly accessed
CNN  When American writer Avijit Roy was hacked to death on a Dhaka , Bangladesh , street in full view of horrified onlookers , blogger Washiqur Rahman doubled down . Fundamentalists were choking free thought in his secular nation , he wrote . But they could n't silence it . His friends warned him to be careful , to watch what he posted online . But Rahman dismissed those concerns , saying his Facebook profile page did n't even bear his picture . They do n't even know what I look like , he told them . On Monday , the 27-year-old Rahman fell victim to the same brazen act that killed Roy , hacked to death by two men with knives and meat cleavers just outside his house as he headed to work at a travel agency . He was so maimed -- with wounds to his head , face and neck -- that police identified him through the voter identification card he was carrying . His death was the second time in five weeks that someone was killed in Dhaka for online posts critical of Islam -- but they are hardly the only two who 've paid a steep price . In the last two years , several bloggers have died , either murdered or under mysterious circumstances . "  The despicable murder of Avijit Roy last month should have led authorities to step up protection measures for bloggers and others at risk . The killing of Washiqur Rahman today is another clear example of the Bangladeshi government 's utter failure to ensure the safety of those at risk , " said Abbas Faiz of Amnesty International . "  How many more bloggers will have to be attacked before action is taken ? " As shocking as Rahman 's death was , the reaction from some quarters was equally disturbing . On his Facebook page  for which he picked a custom URL that translates to "  unbeliever "  , Rahman had posted a picture with the hashtag #IamAvijit . After his death , someone left a comment , "  Now you are . " Another wrote , "  I felt sorry when I first learned of your death . But then I saw what you wrote and I am not . " On his page , Rahman reposted a cartoon depicting Prophet Mohammed from the French satire magazine Charlie Hebdo . He wished a happy birthday to author Taslima Nasreen , who was forced to flee Bangladesh due to death threats from fundamentalists . And he "  liked " a picture of sausages wrapped in crescent rolls that someone had captioned , "  Pigs in burqas . " Posts threatening him were numerous . "  Get ready for the afterlife , " one person commented on one of his posts . "  See you in hell , " said another . He used to write under the pseudonym "  Stupid Man " on a blog but switched to posting on Facebook after 2011 . On Facebook , he is credited for a series , "  Jaw-crushing answers to insulting comments of atheists . " There , he posted questions that critics of Islam often raised and then answered them . But he paired the answers in such a way that they highlighted the contradiction within Islam . For example , one question asked what proof was there that the Quran was the word of God . The answer , "  Mohammed said in his own words that the Quran is the word of God . Since Mohammed is the messenger of Allah , his claims are true . " He placed the question next to one that asked , "  What is the proof that Mohammed was the messenger of Allah ? " The answer , "  The Quran claims that Mohammed was the messenger of Allah . And since the Quran is God 's word , its claims must be true . " Asif Mohiuddin , a blogger who himself was wounded by machete-wielding attackers in 2013 but survived , remembered Rahman as a great satirist . "  I named him the George Carlin of Bangladesh , " he told the International Humanist and Ethical Union . "  He wanted with all his heart , a true secular country , where everyone can practice their freedom . " The irony is that the people who killed Rahman were n't even familiar with his writings ; they were simply following orders , police said . Of the three involved in the Monday morning attack , two were quickly caught by bystanders . In confessions to police , the pair -- both students at Islamic schools -- said they did n't know what a blog was , nor had they seen Rahman 's writing . They said they were acting on orders from another person who told them killing Rahman was a religious duty , Police Commissioner Biplob Kumar Sarkar told reporters . The third person is still to be apprehended . That appears to be par for the course in the killings of bloggers in Bangladesh . The only person arrested in the killing of Roy , the U.S. blogger , is Farabi Shafiur Rahman , who had called for his death in Facebook posts . There has been no conviction in the January 2013 attack on Mohiuddin . And no convictions in yet another case -- the hacking death of blogger Ahmed Rajib Haider , also in 2013 . "  The Bangladeshi government must urgently establish accountability in this murder case and others , " the Committee to Project Journalists said after Rahman 's death . "  Otherwise the rest of the country 's bloggers , commentators and journalists covering sensitive topics remain at grave risk of being attacked as well . " Bloggers , unlike political parties , are n't an organized force -- and that makes them an easy target for radicals , said Imran Sarker , who heads the Blogger and Online Activists Network in Bangladesh . "  They want peace , they talk of humanity . If you strike them with stones , they do n't strike back . They try to reach you with flowers , " he said . "  So , if you want to sow fear and stifle progressive thought , they are easy to pick on . " But the deaths -- of Rahman , of Roy , of Haider -- have emboldened the movement , rather than chill them into silence . "  No one is cowering in their homes because this is happening . Because this has been happening regularly for a long time , " he said . "  We want to take the society forward . We know we have a lot left to accomplish . " CNN 's Omar Khan , Kunal Sehgal and Ravi Agrawal contributed to this report .	The 27-year-old Rahman falls victim to the same brazen act that killed Avijit Roy The deaths have emboldened the movement , an activist says
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- Electricity returned early Wednesday to a large swath of central and southern Brazil that was plunged into darkness when power from a major hydroelectric dam was lost . Up to 18 of Brazil 's 26 states were left without power when electricity from the Itaipu dam was interrupted around 10:15 p.m.  7:15 p.m. ET  Tuesday , leaving Sao Paulo , Rio de Janeiro and other cities in darkened chaos . Hundreds of people were trapped in elevators . Subways , trains and buses stopped running their routes . Video showed long snaking lines of cars at a near standstill on the roads , their headlights the only illumination . The outage also led to medical emergencies , with a report in Sao Paulo of neighbors having to rescue someone who breathes with the help of a ventilator but the back-up battery was running low . Police also reported increased robberies and looting related to the blackout . Authorities in Rio de Janeiro and other cities stepped up enforcement . Officials said up to 60 million of Brazil 's nearly 200 million residents were pitched into darkness . "  I thought , ` How is this happening ? ' " said Rio de Janeiro resident Wesley Ferreira . "  All of Copacabana is black . " Power was restored to most of Brazil by 6 a.m.  3 a.m. ET  , the government-run Agencia Brasil news agency said . But some water-treatment plants remained affected Wednesday . Authorities in Sao Paulo reported that 3 million residents in the metropolitan area remained without water , down from a previous 6.7 million . Sao Paulo is the largest municipality in South America , with about 11 million inhabitants in the city and nearly 20 million in the metro area . The Itaipu dam , one of the world 's largest hydroelectric facilities , is shared by Brazil and Paraguay , which also lost power . Neighboring Uruguay also reported outages . Itaipu provides more than 19 percent of Brazil 's energy and 87 percent of Paraguay 's , Agencia Brasil said . The outage affected 18 states , the UOL Noticias news outlet said , citing Brazil 's minister of mines and energy , Edison Lobao . The states of Sao Paulo , Mato Grosso do Sul , Rio de Janeiro and Espirito Santo went totally dark , while Minas Gerais , Mato Grosso , Goias , Rio Grande do Sul , Santa Catarina , Parana , Acre , Rondonia , Bahia , Sergipe , Paraiba , Alagoas , Pernambuco and Rio Grande do Norte were partially affected . The Federal District in which Brasilia , the nation 's capital , is located also had outages . As a point of reference as to how widespread the blackout was , it is about 2,000 miles from the southern tip of Santa Catarina to the northern tip of Pernambuco . Jorge Samek , the director general of the agency that runs the dam , said the blackouts were caused by a failure in the Brazilian power delivery system , not the hydroelectric plant at the dam . Officials said three transmission lines went out . Officials said they had not determined an official cause for the power failure , but pointed at the weather . They discounted any type of sabotage . "  Apparently , according to information that we have , it was because of meteorological conditions that were pretty adverse , with strong winds and strong rain at the same time , " Lobao said . Some experts agreed that the electric system should not collapse because of a storm . "  There is a problem , " said Luiz Pinguelli , director of the Post-Graduate Engineering Center at the Rio de Janeiro Federal University . "  And you ca n't say under any circumstances that this is due to nature . There is a transmission problem , and the worst part of it is the dimension it takes . That is to say , an accident that can tumble one line is always possible . But for the power to go out in so many cities for such a long time , that should n't happen . " Some residents blamed a sudden surge in electricity use as Brazil , which is in the Southern Hemisphere , enters spring and the weather gets warmer . "  Those responsible for the energy supply do not perceive that the weather is changing and that there 's a lot of hot weather in the spring , " said Rio resident Pabla de Visconti . "  Summer promises to be hot , and everyone is turning on air-conditioners and fans . " The nation 's ability to handle basic utilities concerns some officials as Brazil prepares to host the World Cup in 2014 and the Summer Olympics two years later . "  I always say that Brazil is a country that is growing much , that everyone takes pride in , that is talked about favorably in the rest of the world , but that has a Third World infrastructure , " said Adriano Pires , director of the Brazilian Center for Infrastructure . "  When we have consumption peaks , there are blackouts . If the government does not invest in infrastructure , the problems will be more serious each time . It will lead to the strangulation of economic growth and could embarrass the country in events like the World Cup and the Olympics . " CNN 's Alessandra Castelli and journalists Fabiana Frayssinet and Lucrecia Franco contributed to this report .	Electricity returns to central and southern Brazil after power from major hydroelectric dam was lost Neighboring Paraguay , Uruguay report related blackouts Hydroelectric dam provides over 20 percent of Brazil 's energy
Washington  CNN  A shooting that prompted the lockdown of the U.S. Capitol for several hours Saturday was a suicide and does not have an apparent connection to terrorism , Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine said in a news conference . An unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the Capitol early Saturday afternoon and shot himself , Dine told reporters . Witnesses told CNN dozens of shocked onlookers watched , including some young children . The unidentified shooter had a backpack and a rolling suitcase that authorities treated as treated suspicious packages , prompting the lockdown as they were investigated , Capitol police said . The male carried a sign with a message about "  social justice , " authorities said . A witness , Robert Bishop , told CNN it also said something about taxing the "  1 % . " Dine said there was "  no nexus to terrorism " apparent so far in this incident . The building and the nearby Capitol Visitors Center were locked down , meaning tourists or any staff could not enter or leave the buildings . The Capitol area was crowded with tourists taking in the Cherry Blossom trees , which are in full bloom along the National Mall . Members of the Capitol police force , which responded to the scene , did not fire their weapons , Dine said . After the suspicious packages were examined , the lockdown was lifted about 3:50 p.m. ET and pedestrian traffic was allowed . Responding to the incident were the Metropolitan Police Department , which is investigating the death , as well as the FBI , Secret Service and Park Police . Many tourists at the scene were filming at the time and showed their photos and video to investigating law enforcement officers . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Capitol police said a male shot himself as shocked onlookers watched The incident appears to have no connection to terrorism , police said
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actress and animal rights activist Eva Mendes hopes you 'll shun fur as you shop for the holidays . "  Even if you buy a fur glove with the little trim , and you think ` Oh , my God , it 's just a little trim , ' that animal got clubbed , " Mendes said . Mendes took her clothes off two years ago for the PETA  People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  "  Rather Go Naked Than Wear Fur " campaign , but now she wants you to see something less pleasant . She 's narrated a video of PETA 's latest undercover footage of animals being killed for their fur . "  These animals are beaten to death , they 're skinned alive , their throats are slashed while they 're still alive , " she said . "  They 're anally electrocuted , just so the fur wo n't become tainted . " It 's unlikely you 'll see the 3-minute video on television because of its gruesome nature . But it should n't be hard to find it spreading virally online . "  It 's not something you want to see , " she said . "  But it 's something you have to see . " Mendes says she 's confident that anyone who watches it will eventually ditch furs as fashion . "  Even if you do n't do something today , it 'll stay in your consciousness and you 'll think about it , " she said . "  That 's why these strong images are so necessary for people to see , because they 'll stay in your mind , and maybe in your subconscious . They 'll stay there and that will really help you make a more evolved decision in the future . " Mendes said her dog , Hugo , "  changed her world " and convinced her to campaign against fur . "  I 've become so much of a more just sensitive , empathetic person towards animals because of him , " she said . "  Because he 's just so precious and I ca n't imagine wearing him or eating him , and what 's really the difference between him or some little raccoon or some bunny or seal ? " Mendes stopped eating beef , chicken and pork two years ago , but she still consumes animal products such as cheese and milk . But there is a great substitute for animal fur , she said . "  Go faux , go fake . "	Eva Mendes narrates PETA video of undercover footage of animals being killed for fur "  It 's not something you want to see , " Mendes says of gruesome 3-minute video Two years ago , Mendes took off clothes for group 's "  Rather Go Naked Than Wear Fur " campaign
CNN  -- Green Day 's Jason White has tonsil cancer , the band reported on its website . "  We have some news to report regarding our brother Jason White , and wanted you to hear it from us before word spread , " the post read . "  Jason recently underwent a routine tonsillectomy , and his doctors discovered a treatable form of tonsil cancer . Thankfully they caught it early and he should make a full and speedy recovery . " White , 41 , has been an official part of the band since 1999 , when he joined them on tour as a guitarist . However , he 's been friends with the band members much longer , having been guitarist in Pinhead Gunpowder -- another band fronted by Green Day 's Billie Joe Armstrong -- and Armstrong 's partner in running Adeline Records . The band , known for such albums as "  Dookie " and "  American Idiot , " asks that fans "  join us in sending him love and positive healing vibes during this time . " Green Day is among the nominees for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame class of 2015 .	Green Day 's Jason White was diagnosed with tonsil cancer White has been part of the group since the late '90s Green Day is best known for "  Dookie , " "  American Idiot "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The global financial crisis has increased the worldwide trade in trafficked persons , says a State Department report released Tuesday . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says the report aims "  to shine the light brightly on ... modern slavery . " The State Department 's annual Trafficking in Persons Report also says trafficking has increased in Africa and slaps six African nations on a blacklist of countries not meeting the minimum standard of combating trafficking . The report , mandated by Congress , features data and statistics from 175 countries around the world regarding the amount of human trafficking that goes on within their borders . The report cites the International Labor Organization , which estimates that at least 12.3 million adults and children are victims of forced labor , bonded labor and sex slavery each year . "  This is modern slavery . A crime that spans the globe , providing ruthless employers with endless supply of people to abuse for financial gain , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said as she announced the report . "  With this report , we hope to shine the light brightly on the scope and scale of modern slavery , so all governments can see where progress has been made and where more is needed . " The report says the global economic crisis is boosting the demand for human trafficking because of a growing demand for cheap goods and services . "  A striking global demand for labor and a growing supply of workers willing to take ever greater risks for economic opportunities seem a recipe for increased forced labor cases of migrant workers and women in prostitution , " it says . It predicts that the economic crisis will push more businesses underground to avoid taxes and unionized labor , which will increase the use of forced , cheap and child labor by cash-strapped multinational companies . African countries Nigeria and Mauritius are praised in the report for making strong efforts to combat trafficking . But six African nations -- Chad , Eritrea , Mauritania , Niger , Swaziland and Zimbabwe -- were put on the report 's "  Tier 3 " blacklist of countries whose efforts to combat trafficking are inadequate . Most of the countries are "  source " and "  destination " countries , the report says , meaning trafficking victims both come from and are sent there . Most are trafficked throughout Africa , but many end up in the Middle East , it says . Iran , Kuwait , Saudi Arabia and Syria remain on the blacklist for another year , with the report saying they often become a destination for trafficked persons who are sold into domestic servitude . Other repeat offenders on the list include North Korea , Myanmar and Fiji . The State Department also put Malaysia in the Tier 3 list , because of its trafficking of Burmese refugees . The report cites information that Malaysian immigration officials sold refugees to traffickers operating along its border with Thailand . When the victims were unable to pay a ransom demanded by the traffickers , the report says , they were sold for labor and commercial sex exploitation . The blacklisted countries are subject to U.S. sanctions if they do n't make greater efforts to fight trafficking . The Philippines , Cambodia , Bangladesh and Pakistan were added to a "  watch list " because of what the report calls a worsening trafficking record in those countries . The 52 countries on the watch list have failed to to meet the minimum anti-trafficking standards but are making efforts to do so . For the first time , countries that have been on the watch list for two years -- including China , Russia , India , Sri Lanka and Egypt -- will automatically be moved to the Tier 3 blacklist next year without a presidential waiver if they fail improve their trafficking record , the State Department said . This year , the Justice Department also put out a report on U.S. efforts to combat trafficking efforts at home . In 2008 , the FBI opened 132 trafficking investigations , made 139 arrests and obtained 94 convictions . Clinton invited to Tuesday 's event members of Congress who are active on the issue , as well as global advocates for trafficking victims , in an effort to give the issue a higher profile and shine a spotlight on the need to combat it . Calling for a renewed worldwide partnership between countries and non-governmental organizations to combat trafficking , Clinton said , "  Trafficking thrives in the shadows , and it can be easy to dismiss it as something that happens to someone else , somewhere else . But that 's not the case . "  Trafficking is a crime that involves every nation on Earth , and that includes our own , " she said , calling trafficking a "  grave problem " in the United States . For the first time , she said , the United States next year will rank its own efforts at combating trafficking along with the rest of the world . She expressed hope that it will be on the Tier 1 list of countries that are making robust efforts .	State Department report cites higher demand for cheap goods and services Financial crisis will push more businesses underground , it says Six African nations put on blacklist for not doing enough to fight trafficking "  Tier 3 " list nations are subject to U.S. sanctions
CNN  -- Samsung on Monday announced a "  premiere " event set for next month in London , along with a set of cryptic images suggesting new devices for its Galaxy and Windows-based lines . The event is set for Thursday , June 20 , at the Earls Court exhibition center in London . The announcement specifically mentions the Korean electronics maker 's Galaxy and ATIV lines . Galaxy is the company 's trademark line of Android-based mobile products -- chief among them the Galaxy S4 smartphone , which has emerged as the chief rival to Apple 's iPhone . It also includes the Galaxy Tab tablets and the Galaxy Note phone . ATIV is the company 's lesser-known Windows line . The line includes tablets and laptops , but with a focus on mobile , the event could include the launch of a new smartphone running Microsoft 's operating system . Samsung 's ATIV S phone was unveiled last year and was one of the first devices designed to run the Windows 8 operating system . Its hardware is similar to the popular Galaxy S III , but the phone failed to make much of an impression on buyers . So far , only Nokia has had much luck capturing sales in the relatively slender portion of the smartphone market owned by Microsoft .  But analysts say Windows Phone devices have moved into third place in the market , passing BlackBerry while still trailing Android and Apple by a wide margin . The Samsung event announcement suggests there may be three devices introduced . It features three stylized images that appear to be closeups of parts of sleek , shiny electronic gadgets . Supply-line leaks , and what appeared to be an accidental post on Samsung 's apps page , suggest that a smaller S4 smartphone might be one of them . A Chinese site posted images of what appear to be two S4 's side-by-side , with one visibly smaller than the other . Unconfirmed reports have suggested the "  Galaxy S4 Mini " would have a 4.3-inch screen , compared to the 5-inch screen on the phone released earlier this year . On June 20 , the Samsung event will fall between Apple 's WWDC developers conference , which runs June 10-14 , and Microsoft 's own developers conference , Build , which begins June 26 . The event will be broadcast live on Samsung 's YouTube account , beginning at 6 p.m. London time  1 p.m. ET  .	Samsung announces "  premiere " event for June 20 in London Company 's Galaxy and ATIV lines are the topic Leaks suggest a smaller Galaxy S4 smartphone may be coming
CNN  -- Clark Dever and Joe Dinardo have always taken things to the extreme . Joe Dinardo , left , and Clark Dever will be spending only 12 hours in each city before going to their next stop . So when JetBlue announced a monthlong all-you-can-jet pass for $ 599 , it was as if the airline had practically issued them a challenge . "  We decided to come up with the most extreme length you could take it and have the most fun without being crazy , " Dinardo told CNN . "  We 've always pushed each other to be more outrageous , so this is just taking that to another level . " Dever and Dinardo , friends since their freshman year of college at SUNY Buffalo , will be crisscrossing the country , spending only 12 hours in each city before heading back to the airport and jetting to their next destination . The deal allows passengers unlimited travel to all cities JetBlue services from September 8 to October 8 for $ 599 . Dever , who was recently saving up money to be a professional photographer , quit his job , and Dinardo decided to use all of his accumulated vacation time from his job to take the trip . They plan to make the most of the deal , hitting at least 29 cities in the 31 days by taking about 49 one-way flights . They 'll sleep during their flights , take showers in gyms , and have friends work as runners to swap out bags of clothes when they fly into New York 's JFK airport about every three days . They 've even worked with some companies to obtain sponsorships . They plan to interview fellow fliers to get the skinny on the best places to go in hopes of taking the "  local 's tour " of a city as opposed to a generic tourist trip for their Web site twelvehoursinacity.com . "  What better way to get a snapshot of the United States , " Dever said . "  To really capture the unique culture of each city , to meet all of the different people . " And for them , the price is unbeatable . The way they see it , if each flight cost $ 200 , they 're taking a $ 10,000 trip for only $ 600 . Which is exactly why the promotion has received such a great deal of buzz , specifically among social networking platforms . JetBlue suspended the deal two days early , saying they were sold out , though the company declined to specify how many people bought them . Jennifer Milano , who is taking time off from freelance work to take advantage , grabbed a pass right away . She decided that with the buzz on Twitter , she could start organizing a group of fellow all-you-can-jet travelers , calling it the 599club . She created a site where people are sharing their itineraries in an attempt to either travel together , meet up with Twitter followers in their cities or try to couch surf at other people 's homes . Some may even meet in California to go skydiving together . Will and Cara Dearman had been planning to move to New York from Austin , Texas , when they heard about the deal . So they decided to pack up their home , bring in the movers and head off for vacation before their big move . Given JetBlue 's hub structure , many travelers found a slight hiccup : If they were in the Midwest , they might have to travel all the way back to New York to travel to the West Coast . The couple will be spending a large chunk of their trip in South America and the Caribbean and will be doing video interviews with entrepreneurs around the world for Will Dearman 's Web site , TheStrategyBlog.com . For Greg Krause , the pass is a chance to raise money for a charity close to his heart , - an elementary school in Zambia that his parents created for orphaned children in a small village two hours from a main road . Krause plans to go to 24 cities , using about 45 different flights , to have both an enjoyable vacation and hopefully meet people who will donate to the school . He also will be documenting his trip on his Web site , 30daysonjetblue . com . Though Dever and Dinardo may have the most exhausting schedule , they , like many others , think that if nothing else , the trip will be a true adventure . "  No matter what happens , there will certainly be a story that comes out of this trip , " Dever said . "  For us , the biggest concern will be finding a place to shower . We certainly do n't want to be the stinky guys on the plane , especially for that many flights . But either way , its going to be an adventure , a tiring but exciting adventure . "	Deal allows passengers unlimited travel for a month on JetBlue for $ 599 Clark Dever , Joe Dinardo going to cities for 12 hours , then getting on next flight Some travelers taking around 40 one-way flights to make most of deal Dever : "  It 's going to be an adventure , a tiring but exciting adventure "
CNN  -- Yes , it 's New Year 's Eve again , time to bust out the champagne and make resolutions you probably wo n't keep . But this year 's different . Cities around the world were hosting some of the most amazing celebrations ever . Edible confetti raining over London ? Check . How about 400,000 pyrotechnics exploding over Dubai ? That happened , too . And let 's not forget that the new year also means bizarre new laws . Here 's what people experienced across the globe : 1 . Taste the rainbow Why have a fireworks show that only looks good ? Revelers in London stuck out their tongues during Tuesday 's extravaganza and enjoyed banana-flavored confetti that was choreographed to the fireworks . They also saw floating oranges drifting through the night sky and popped them to enjoy a citrusy scent ! Food artists Harry Parr and Sam Bompas worked working on the show for an entire year . They even made sure their edible treats were kosher , vegan and hypoallergenic . "  We developed a special confetti that 's actually biodegradable , and in the rain it will magically dissolve , " Parr said . "  Even better , it tastes amazing . " 2 . Dubai goes big -- really big In Dubai -- a city obsessed with superlatives -- organizers pulled off a world record for the biggest fireworks display near the world 's tallest building . The spectacular show featured 400,000 pyrotechnics over 400 parts of the Dubai shoreline . That 's 100 kilometers  62 miles  of waterfront lighting up . The Guinness World Records staff later labeled it the largest ever . The show blew Kuwait 's world record out of the water when last year it set off 77,000 fireworks over 64 minutes . If you were there , send your photos or video to iReport ! 3 . Have a ball -- an ` odd ' ball Sure , New York has a massive sparkly ball they 've been dropping for the past century or so . But what other objects can you relinquish to gravity to mark the new year ? In some U.S. cities , it 's a fruit . In Honolulu , it 's a colossal glowing pineapple . In Atlanta , it 's a giant peach . The North Carolina mountain town of Brasstown prefers a possum -- slowly lowered and then set free . But Key West , Florida , takes the cake with its drag queen drop . For years , female impersonator Gary "  Sushi " Marion has been lowered from the Bourbon St. Pub in Key West while riding in a massive high-heel shoe . "  It was inspired by ` Priscilla Queen of the Desert ' when it first came out , with the whole high heel on top of the bus , " said Joey Schroeder , owner of Bourbon St. Pub . "  I wanted to take that idea and do something fun on New Year 's Eve . " 4 . 25 hours of celebrations Samoa and American Samoa are virtually neighbors , with just 101 miles between them . But they 're also 25 hours apart . So one was among the first to ring in the new year ; the other will be among the last . How can this happen ? Let 's just say the international date line is n't even close to a straight line . And because the date line is n't fixed by any international law or agreement , it can zig and zag to accommodate government and business interests . It 's as close to a time machine as we 'll probably get . 5 . Yes to placentas , no to shark fins More than 40,000 new laws will take effect in the U.S. on New Year 's Day . While Colorado 's legalization of marijuana has racked up plenty of headlines , here are some of the more peculiar ones : In Oregon , mothers will be allowed to take their placentas home from the hospital . Some say placenta capsules can help with postpartum depression , CNN affiliate KGW reported , though there 's not a lot of medical research backing that up . Delaware will join a growing number of states where you ca n't own , sell or distribute shark fins , which is considered a delicacy in some East Asian cuisine . And thousands of companies will have to provide calorie counts for products sold in vending machines . Because if you 're going to a vending machine , clearly you care the most about calories , right ? Depends on what day of the resolution you 're on . CNN 's Isa Soares , Margaret Conley , Leigh Ann Caldwell and John Zarrella contributed to this report .	NEW : Revelers in London were treated to edible confetti choreographed to fireworks Dubai 's huge firework show certified as largest by Guinness World Records 40,000 new laws go into effect in the U.S. , some involving pot , placentas and shark fins A bar in Florida celebrates by lowering a drag queen from a giant shoe from the building
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE  -- When people talk about fashion week , they are usually referring to London , Paris , New York and Milan . When I discovered that Islamabad was having its first ever fashion week , I was especially intrigued . In a country where the majority of women cover up and similar events in the past have been threatened with fundamentalist attacks , this had to be about promoting Pakistan 's textile industry in a strangled economy . The majority of Pakistan 's population wears traditional Shalwar Kameez or Burkha , are vehemently religious , poor and enjoy about a 50 % illiteracy rate . I quickly learned that there are pockets of Pakistani society that have Western sensibilities , which warrants the fashion industry to grow and justifies the need for a fashion week . The British High Commission advises against all but essential travel to Pakistan . After pondering how essential fashion journalism is , against the wishes of my family I flew out to Islamabad in January with the director William Fairman to document an event so incongruous with the Pakistan we see on the news , people thought we 'd made it up . This fashion week represented an exclusive elite of Western-centric Pakistanis . I managed with relative ease to secure carte blanche to film fly-on-the-wall at the event , with the exception of filming people boozing or blaspheming on camera . For example , before we left I was warned I 'd better cover up and wear long dresses , which is evident in the film . As soon as I arrived I realized that I need n't have worried , that most of the girls at the fashion week dressed like Western girls . It was just one example of how Pakistan is misunderstood in the West . See the rest of Pakistan Fashion Week at VICE.COM For a week I watched relatively scantily-clad models on a runway in a blast-proof basement of a 7-star hotel just a short drive from the Islamic militant hubs in the troubled northwest . There was a latent atmosphere of volatility : fundamentalists do n't have to try hard to work out that these hotels are crawling with Westerners and Pakistani liberals 365 days a year . As a result , the seats at the fashion shows were often half-empty . Social events such as these are few and far between in Pakistan . A young Pakistani rapper we met while out there told us how he struggles to perform live , as live events are often shut down for risk of militant attacks . More than serving as a platform for the textile industry and an attempt at improving Pakistan 's world image , the Fashion Week was predominantly just something for people to do , a distraction from the adversity of daily life there . I spent a week in the care of Pakistan 's affluent elite , and my time with them taught me that Pakistan is an acutely divided country of extremes . There is a great deal of resentment towards this outmoded elite from the rest of the country . There is no middle class as we know it . This privileged community lives in compounds with armed guards at their gates . They employ a live-in staff and a chauffeur . They inhabit a bubble of ersatz Western life . One woman told me she thought that fashion , not drones , was the answer to Pakistan 's problems . Whether this is the case , or not , remains to be seen .	VICE goes to Pakistan for a behind-the-scenes look at fashion week in Islamabad Visit offers perspective of Pakistani life rarely seen in the media Reporter finds the country to be an "  acutely divided country of extremes "
