For a week each spring , the heart of Internet culture relocates to Austin , Texas . And this year , one lucky Web startup will get some help making the move to the tech hotbed a permanent one . At this year 's South by Southwest Interactive Festival , considered a sort of mashup of the Super Bowl and spring break for the tech elite , Austin startup accelerator Capital Factory is launching a contest to "  move your company to Austin . " Ten startups will be chosen to compete for the chance to relocate their business to the Texas capital . The winning company will receive a package of prizes worth around $ 100,000 donated by Austin area businesses . They include $ 15,000 for housing , $ 25,000 of venture capital investment , $ 24,000 worth of server hosting and $ 6,000 in moving expenses , a year 's worth of free storage and even six months ' worth of groceries . Capital Factory will provide free work space for six months . The contest is the brainchild of Josh Baer , managing director of Capital Factory . He 's been nicknamed the "  Austinpreneur " for his efforts to to nurture Austin startups and attract new ones . "  The idea came from thinking about how to make the most of all the awesome entrepreneurs coming to Austin for South by Southwest and to capitalize on the large influx of people to Austin and Texas , " he said . The South by Southwest Festival , which begins March 8 , keeps getting bigger and Austin has benefited from its success . Previous festivals have served as a launching pad for companies like Twitter and Foursquare , and tech giants from around the world have taken notice . Over the past few years companies like Apple , Google , and Facebook have all opened offices in Austin . The five days of the interactive festival , which coincides with movie week and comes a week before the festival 's trademark music showcase , attracts many of the biggest names and brightest minds in startups . This year over 25,000 people from all over the world are traveling to Austin for networking , demoing products , and to find out what 's next in tech . Silicon Valley may have a larger tech scene , but with a low cost of living , a business friendly tax code , and South by Southwest , Austin has become a serious player , advocates like Baer say . For Shawn Bose , Vice President of Global Business for uShip , the reason for Austin 's rise is easy to define . "  More than anything , Austin 's an excellent launching pad for tech entrepreneurs because it 's a great place to live , " he said . Bose , whose company is providing the moving funds , says the contest is a way for tech companies to "  pay it forward " to others just starting out . "  We were once bootstrapped ourselves , so our goal is just to offer some resources and advice to other companies that want to make it happen in Austin , " he said . The deadline for entry is February 24 , and the contest will be held at the Startup Village at SXSW on March 8 . Companies can enter by going to the Capital Factory website .	A contest for Web startups offers to pay a young company to move to Austin It will award $ 100,000 to move and support a startup during South by Southwest Capital Factory is a startup accelerator in the Web-savvy city Participants say contest is a way to give back to up-and-comers in tech
CNN  -- Pakistan has been an unreliable ally of the United States in the war against al Qaeda and other extremist organizations , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden told CNN in an interview set to air in full Monday night . Biden , who spoke to CNN 's John King on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks , said Pakistan has failed "  on occasion " when forced to choose between the United States and al Qaeda . The price of Pakistan 's choices has been the "  loss of life of American soldiers in Afghanistan , " the vice president said . Islamabad has "  been very helpful in other times , " he added . "  But it 's not sufficient . They have to get better . We need a relationship that is born out of mutual interest . And it 's in their interest that they be more cooperative with us . " "  We are demanding it , " he said . Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces in a compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , in May . Pakistan 's government -- which has struggled with significant pro-al Qaeda sentiment within its borders -- was not informed of the attack beforehand . Pakistani authorities insist they did not know bin Laden 's location . Despite troubles in Pakistan and elsewhere , the United States is "  getting close " to bringing about an end to organized , legitimized terrorist activities , Biden said . "  We have done great damage to ... al Qaeda , " he said . "  Satellite organizations " have emerged in Somalia and elsewhere , he said , but "  they are less coordinated " and "  less capable . " "  And we 're relentless in pursuing them , " he added . As a result , Americans are safer today than they were a decade ago , Biden asserted . Regardless , the vice president cautioned that "  there is always a possibility of a lone wolf " attack within the United States or elsewhere . "  There 's always a possibility of an incident occurring , but I do not believe there 's anyone right now capable of putting together the kind of extremely complicated planned operation that took place on 9/11 , " he said . Biden said he believes that in 25 years , Americans will "  read about this period of terror as ... a part of a chapter in the history of this country . " The vice president denied former Vice President Dick Cheney 's assertion that controversial interrogation techniques such as waterboarding -- stopped by the Obama administration -- would help generate useful intelligence in the war against al Qaeda and other organizations . "  I 've seen zero evidence that it works , and I think there 's abundant evidence that it hurts us internationally . It hurts our security , " Biden said . It does so , he said , "  by making a mockery of who we say we are and giving rationale for those who want to do us harm to recruit people . "	U.S. Vice President Joe Biden tells CNN Pakistan has not been a reliable ally Americans are safer today than they were before the 9/11 attacks , Biden says Biden says harsh interrogation techniques are counterproductive
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A massive car bomb tore through the heart of a bustling marketplace in Peshawar , Pakistan , Wednesday , killing at least 100 people -- including many women and children -- and injuring at least 200 others , officials said . A vehicle packed with 150 kilograms  330 pounds  of explosives detonated at the Meena Bazaar , a labyrinth of shops popular with women . The impact destroyed buildings , burying people underneath the rubble , and sparked massive fires in the shops , mosques , and homes . In a year of seemingly endless militant attacks in Pakistan , this was the deadliest . Those who survived described a narrow escape : "  I ducked quickly and when I looked up it was complete darkness , " said Imdad . "  I could n't see anyone . The cars and the van were lying upside down . " Are you there ? Send your photos and videos to iReport Fareed Ullah , a student at a nearby mosque , was injured when he fell from the second floor as he tried to escape a fire ignited by the blast at the Meena Bazaar . "  We only saw a red blaze and nothing else , " he said from his hospital bed . "  My friends and I fell from the second floor . We did n't know where we were . " The remote-controlled detonation killed at least 100 people and injured as many as 200 others , hospital and government officials said . The deaths include 68 males and 32 females , including 10 children , the head of the main hospital in Peshawar said . The car bomb left a 10-foot-wide crater , and the flames spread quickly through stores selling highly flammable fabric . Residents and shopkeepers expressed outrage that militants were able to carry out the attack in broad daylight , the latest in a string of militant attacks targeting civilians in Peshawar . "  What kind of security alert is this ? It was an explosives-packed car , " a middle-aged shopkeeper at Meena Bazaar said . "  Look at the mosque , it ceases to exist anymore . For God 's sake , do something ! " "  Increasing chaos " in Pakistan The Peshawar car bombing was the deadliest terrorist attack on Pakistan since the October 2007 attack on a homecoming rally for former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . More than 135 people were killed in the suicide bombing in Karachi . Bhutto escaped harm , but she was assassinated two months later . Wednesday 's bombing happened hours after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in the Pakistani capital , Islamabad , to shore up U.S. support in nuclear-armed Pakistan , as it battles a rising Taliban insurgency . Clinton condemned the strike , and dared the militants who were responsible to put down their arms and appeal to the Pakistani people through the political process . "  If the people behind the attacks were so sure of their beliefs , let them join the political process , let them come forth to the people and make their case that they do n't want girls to go to school , that they want women to be kept back , that they believe they have all the answers , " Clinton said in a joint news conference with her Pakistani counterpart in Islamabad . "  They know they are on the losing side of history but they are determined to take as many lives with them as their movement is finally exposed for the nihilistic , empty effort that it is , " she said of those responsible for the car bombing in Peshawar . Read more about Clinton 's comments on blast Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi also condemned the deadly attack , offering his condolences to the victims and their families and directly addressing the attackers . "  We will not buckle , we will fight you because we want stability and peace in Pakistan , " Qureshi said . "  You are on the run and we know that . We defeated you in Swat and Malakand . You think by attacking innocent people and lives you will shake our determination ? No , sir , you will not . " The attack is the deadliest terrorist attack carried out in Peshawar , the capital of North West Frontier Province which has been the site of five militant strikes this month alone . A suicide car bombing on October 9 in Khyber Bazaar killed at least 49 people and injured 135 others . And , just last Friday , a car bomb exploded outside a banquet hall in Peshawar , wounding at least 15 people . The massive casualties in Wednesday 's bombing prompted a state of emergency at Lady Reading Hospital in Peshawar , where most of the injured were treated . The hospital appealed to other medical centers -- and to the public -- to donate blood , hospital officials said . North West Frontier Province is bearing the brunt of the massive civilian displacement from Pakistan 's military offensive in the neighboring tribal region along the Afghan border . More than 180,000 civilians have fled to North West Frontier Province from the Federally Administered Tribal Areas , according to the United Nations . Pakistan 's military offensive is currently focused on South Waziristan , where the government believes the Pakistani Taliban has masterminded numerous attacks , including the October 10 siege of Pakistan 's army headquarters in Rawalpindi , outside Islamabad . That siege and other attacks outside the tribal region have raised concerns about the ability of government forces to maintain control . President Obama signed legislation this month providing an additional $ 7.5 billion in assistance to Pakistan over the next five years . The White House is working on a comprehensive review of U.S. strategy in Pakistan and neighboring Afghanistan . Peshawar is a strategic city for both Taliban militants and the U.S. and NATO military , who are waging a battle against Taliban militants in neighboring Afghanistan . Located about 100 miles  167 kilometers  northwest of the capital , Islamabad , Peshawar sits on the main supply route into Afghanistan and is the gateway to Pakistan 's ungoverned tribal regions . Journalists Nazar al Islam , Nasir Habib and CNN 's Samson Desta and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Explosion hits bustling marketplace in Peshawar killing at least 100 people 10 children among those killed at Meena Bazaar More than 200 people injured in the blast which left a 10-foot-wide crater Incident comes as U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visits Islamabad
CNN  -- The 2018 Super Bowl will be played in Minneapolis , the National Football League announced Tuesday . The league 's owners selected Minnesota over New Orleans , with Indianapolis finishing third in the voting , according to NFL.com . Super Bowl LII -- 52 in Roman numerals -- will be played in February 2018 in the Minnesota Multi-Purpose Stadium , which is now under construction and scheduled to open in 2016 , the Minnesota Super Bowl Bid Committee said in a news release . The stadium will normally seat 65,400 but will expand to 72,000 seats for the Super Bowl , the committee said . "  We are honored to have been in the company of two such fine competitors , " said Melvin Tennant , president and CEO of Meet Minneapolis . "  Both New Orleans and Indianapolis had extremely strong bids and their reputations precede them . We are excited to join their ranks in hosting a Super Bowl of the 21st Century . " The decision was announced Tuesday during the league 's spring meetings in Atlanta . The last Super Bowl to be played in Minneapolis in the was in 1992 in the now-demolished Metrodome , the NFL website said . The 2015 Super Bowl will be played in Arizona at the University of Phoenix stadium , the 2016 game in San Francisco at Levi 's Stadium and the 2017 game in Houston at Reliant Stadium . He 's had a front seat to every Super Bowl	Minnesota beat out New Orleans and Indianapolis for the honor The game will be played in a stadium now under construction The last Super Bowl played in Minneapolis was in 1992 The 2015 game will be played in Arizona
CNN  -- On Tuesday , citing safety concerns , the National Transportation Safety Board called for a ban on all cell phone use by drivers . It 's the most far-reaching recommendation of its kind to date , and it extends to wireless headsets . What will the fallout of the ban be ? It 's likely to cut down on sightings of drivers who appear to be having spirited conversations with their car 's leather interior . But might n't it also lead to other similar bans ? So here 's a speculative look at eight of the more questionable and dangerous activities that federal law might see fit to clamp down on . Skiing or snowboarding while listening to an iPod . In the same way that a preoccupied driver is a menace on the road , so , too , is a hearing-deprived skier or snowboarder a terror on the slopes . When an athlete cuts off a source of outside stimuli thusly , he deprives himself of a valuable auditory cue : bloodcurdling screams . When people near him scream out "  Runaway ski ! " he thinks they 're simply singing along . A federal ban of iPods on the slopes would be easy to institute ; its violators would be subject to lift-ticket revocation and reduced hot cocoa . Applying eyeliner while riding public transportation . Not only are the practitioners of this activity in danger of impairing their vision , but they are causing undue levels of stress to the people who ca n't stop watching them . These public users of beauty products prove yet again that the word "  wand , " particularly in close proximity to the word "  mascara , " can be as destructive as it is magic . A federal statute , perhaps called the Maybelline Clause , would bring relief to millions of commuters . Lighting an oven by means other than a pilot light . Though very difficult to enforce without surveillance cameras , a policing of kitchen stove-lighting mechanisms would save many lives , not to mention eyebrows . Who among us has not turned our stove 's gas on , only to find that the pilot light has blown out , whereupon we wander off to find matches , thus allowing gas to seep into the kitchen ? An overhaul of this fraught activity could result in far fewer instances of fire or explosion . And many more evenings where people send out for pizza . Peering over the balcony of a skyscraper . Ah , the view , the view . The view is ... dangerous . It 's a human impulse to get closer to something you 're looking at -- even if that something is the Chicago skyline . Modern man has been very creative when it comes to keeping pigeons off of balconies -- witness the shards of glass embedded in concrete , witness plastic owls -- so it 's easy to imagine the government taking a similarly original tack when it comes to repelling humans from peering over precipices . Am I talking touch-activated sprinklers that gush lukewarm strawberry soda onto overly curious sightseers ? Yes , I 'm talking touch-activated sprinklers that gush lukewarm strawberry soda onto overly curious sightseers . Sticking your head out the roof of a fast-moving limo . Largely the province of prom-goers and bachelor-partiers , this dangerous activity is of no service to anyone . It is interesting only to its participants , much like televised fishing . The practice could be easily curbed through a sliding scale of fees , based on duration of head-out-of-window exposure and level of inebriation ; but it might be easier for limo companies simply to buy some glue . Thanking the doctor who performed open-heart surgery on you by sending her an e-mail that reads , simply , "  thx . " This unseemly activity is , admittedly , not dangerous , except in the way it devalues human discourse and causes at least one member of a profession necessary to our survival on the planet to question his life 's purpose . A "  thx " ban could be enforced either through the creation of a Big Brother-like scanning system or a complaints bureau . Violators would be forced to type what they had previously neglected to type -- "  thank you very much " -- 5,000 times a day for two weeks . Using a paper shredder or fax machine while wearing a necktie . The male equivalent to the eyeliner-on-a-moving-vehicle scenario , this imperiling activity is seen daily in offices nationwide . Yet no one talks about it . That we live in a country whose restaurants regularly bear informational posters about the Heimlich maneuver only underscores the casual disregard we have for potential necktie-related mayhem . Offenders of this ban might be forced to wear their tattered neckties to work , or to do volunteer work at a local Kinko 's . Calling someone "  honey " if you are not Southern or a waitress . Instant or feigned intimacy is too much for some people to bear , and may result in friction or even violence . The issuing of a DYHM  Do n't you honey ME !  ticket might do much to cool the fires of sudden or false ardor . Repeat offenders would be sent to work at large , nameless corporations , or be required to move to Tupelo . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Henry Alford .	National Transportation Safety Board has called for a ban on all cell phone use by drivers Henry Alford asks : What other risky activities should federal law clamp down on ? How about skiing while listening to an iPod ? Or peering over the balcony of a skyscraper ? Maybe applying eyeliner on a train ? Or using a paper shredder while wearing a necktie ?
Theo Visser was thirsty . He got up from his seat during the half-time break in a soccer match to purchase a drink from the concession stand . "  There she was , standing behind the bar , " he recounts , 58 years later . "  It was love at first sight . " Theo asked the young woman out to a movie -- and the rest , they say , is history . It 's quite a shame , then , that Corrie Visser does n't remember any of this . Or if she does , she ca n't say so . Corrie is one of 152 residents at Hogewey , a cutting-edge elder care facility on the outskirts of Weesp , the Netherlands , just minutes from downtown Amsterdam . ` Dementia Village ' - as it has become known -- is a place where residents can live a seemingly normal life , but in reality are being watched all the time . Caretakers staff the restaurant , grocery store , hair salon and theater -- although the residents do n't always realize they are carers -- and are also watching in the residents ' living quarters . Residents are allowed to roam freely around the courtyard-like grounds with its landscaped trees , fountains and benches -- but they ca n't leave the premises . Their two-story dormitory-style homes form a perimeter wall for the village , meaning there is no way a resident can accidentally wander out . And if they do approach the one exit door , a staffer will politely suggest the door is locked and propose another route . Elderly Germans try to avoid care homes Placing an aging family member here is far less expensive than round-the-clock , in-home care . It also takes an enormous amount of stress off family members who do n't have ample time or proper training to care for their loved ones . Corrie has received a diagnosis of severe dementia , meaning she requires attention and support 24 hours a day . That clinical indication is necessary to gain admittance into Hogewey . The burden of caring for Corrie eventually became unmanageable for Theo and his daughters , so together , they made the decision to place her here . He says : "  It 's perfect . I would n't know a better place for her . It 's 100 % good . " Nearly every day of the week , Theo drives 15 kilometers  10 miles  each way to spend a few hours with his 80-year-old wife . "  I do it for myself , " he says . "  I need it for myself . She  still  recognizes everyone ... so it 's important I be here every day . " Although they ca n't chat with each other , Theo and Corrie will often sit for hours , holding hands and lovingly look into each other 's eyes . Every so often , Corrie offers a smile , a laugh , a squeeze of the hand . At least part of her memory , it seems , is still intact , though she ca n't verbalize much these days . Like other residents of Hogewey , Corrie may not know exactly where she is , but she always feels right at home . That 's precisely the idea . For Yvonne van Amerongen , one of Hogewey 's founders , the need to create the small village was deeply personal . "  It was the moment my mother called me and told me my father had passed away suddenly , " she recalls . "  Nothing was wrong with him . He just had a heart attack and he died . One of the first things I thought was , ` Thank God he never had to be in a nursing home . ' That 's crazy that I have to think that ! I 'm in the management of a nursing home and I do n't want my father to come here . " Five things CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta learned at the center Van Amerongen sat down with her colleagues in November 1992 to discuss how they could transform the typical nursing home into more worthwhile living . They created a 1.5 hectare  four-acre  complex , completed in 2009 , that is home to 23 housing units and seven different "  lifestyle themes , " such as crafts , culture , religious and urban . Art lovers get paintings on the walls and music is always playing while the religious get more conservative décor and Christian crosses on the walls . The simple goal : provide the most normal possible life , reminiscent of each individual 's formative years . From the furnishing of her unit to the decorations and the type of food served , Corrie is led to believe that nothing in her life has changed . It 's this sense of normalcy that they strive for day in and day out at Hogewey . Study finds loneliness linked to dementia In some ways , this is similar to the manufactured reality depicted in the movie "  The Truman Show , " where a man played by Jim Carrey discovers his entire life is actually a TV program . Everything he thinks is real is in fact a mirage , created by television producers for the viewing public 's entertainment . Van Amerongen dismisses any accusations that she and her staff are duping their residents . "  We have a real society here , " she says . "  I do n't think people feel fooled . They feel fooled if we just tell them a story that 's not true and they know it . We 're not telling stories . " But telling stories is exactly what some of the residents do , all day long , including Corrie 's housemate , Jo Verhoef . Like all of Hogewey 's residents , Jo 's dementia is rapidly progressing . Her "  loop " is getting shorter ; the conversations she carries and the questions she asks are becoming more repetitive in a shorter amount of time . "  Do you know Steve Matthew ? " she asks , multiple times over the course of an hour . Of course , no one does , but each time she seems surprised that we have n't met . * Steve may be a relic of Jo 's past , a distant , foggy memory of a baseball player she says lived with her for a short time when she was younger . Or , he may be a figment of her imagination . Sadly , we 'll never know . Brain map seeks to unlock mysteries of the mind Worldwide , 35.6 million people have dementia , according to the World Health Organization , with 7.7 million new cases being diagnosed every year . At that rate , the number of people with dementia is expected to double by 2030 and triple by 2050 . This will be an additional burden for governments already struggling to contain the runaway costs of health care . In Holland , everyone pays into the state health care system during their working years , with the money then disbursed to pay for later-in-life expenses - and that means living in Hogewey does not cost any more than a traditional nursing home . Could this innovative model work in other countries ? Health care industry leaders in Germany , England , Switzerland and Japan are all beginning to take notice . At Hogewey , says van Amerongen , "  We have Dutch design , Dutch cultures , Dutch lifestyles , but the concept is to value the person , the individual ... to support them to live their life as usual , and you can do that anywhere . " On a physical level , residents at Hogewey require fewer medications ; they eat better , and yes , they live longer . On a mental level , they also seem to have more joy . It 's a difficult thing to measure , but that is the most important thing here at Hogewey . So could this work in other parts of the world ? That 's the next question .	Dutch dementia facility shows new way of providing long term care It lets residents roam while staff work in village shops to keep an eye on them Living quarters are furnished to reflect a person 's younger days Health experts from across Europe and Japan are looking at the Dutch model
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Andrea Quintero was described by those who knew her as a gentle soul and a devout Catholic . Transgendered and homeless , she left Colombia for Italy in search of a society that could accept her for who she was -- a man who felt like a woman . But in Rome it was no different . In fact it was worse . She said her paralyzed arm and prominent limp were evidence of the regular beatings she endured as a drifter at Rome 's main railway station . Despite the abuse , she hoped for better . "  I dream of meeting a boy that has money and that will allow me to leave such a terrible life , " Andrea said in an interview with an Italian newspaper . That dream would never come true . On July 29 this year , Andrea 's body was found after she had been beaten to death on platform 10 of Rome 's main railway station . That very same day , on a plane ride from Brazil to the Vatican , Pope Francis uttered the five words about homosexuality that have come to define his papacy . "  Who am I to judge ? " The answer signaled a shift in the relationship between the Catholic Church and the gay community . He said that while homosexuality is still a sin , gay people should not be marginalized . CNN Vatican analyst John Allen said : "  In general what you are going to see is a church that is more compassionate and tolerant , particularly with regard to gays and transgendered persons , but the concern that people might mistake that compassion for a change in church doctrine , that is no longer going to get in the way of outreach . " Months after Andrea 's death , her body remained unclaimed in the morgue . Local charity workers decided Andrea needed to be acknowledged with a Catholic funeral . A priest at Chiesa Del Gesu , one of the most prominent Jesuit churches in Rome opened its doors . "  With Pope Francis , we have courage , we have enthusiasm , " said Father Giovanni La Manna , who helped organize the funeral . "  We have no excuse . We are called to open our hearts . " Charity workers , government officials , even the city 's mayor gathered to pay tribute . Andrea 's coffin lay amid the church 's breathtaking frescos . A Catholic mass was held in her memory . And then something happened that stunned those inside the church . Throughout the mass , the priest acknowledged Andrea as a ` She ' . "  Up until this point we have n't been acknowledged by the Catholic Church , " said Vladimir Luxuria , a transgendered activist who attended the funeral . "  It is as if the Catholic Church says ` we see you the way you feel you are . ' " While Andrea 's dream of a white church wedding was never possible -- at least in death she was accepted by the religion she believed in so deeply .	Homeless transgendered woman murdered at Rome 's main rail station in July Andrea Quintero left Colombia with hopes of better treatment but was beaten to death in Rome Charity workers , government officials and city 's mayor paid tribute at Jesuit church Priest stunned funeral by referring to Quintero as ` She '
CNN  -- Spain 's Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano believes he can send former world number one Tiger Woods packing in this week 's WGC Match Play tournament , as a high-class field arrives in Arizona vying for a winner 's purse of a cool $ 1.4 m . A high-class field sees 64 of the world 's top 68 players battling it out at the Ritz-Carlton Club , Dove Mountain , with Woods the most successful player in the event 's history having won the title three times since its inception in 1999 . However , despite the American 's ominous tournament record , world No. 48 Fernandez-Castano is relishing the prospect of taking on the former world number one on Wednesday . The 31-year-old told the official PGA Tour website : "  It 's a great opportunity for me because I think he 's beatable . "  I need to play good . That 's all I can think about and that 's all I 'm going to try on Wednesday , just try playing my best game and hope that he does n't play his best . " Despite Woods ' slide down the rankings in recent years , he is still ranked 20th in the world , meaning Fernandez-Castano would have to cause a major upset to progress to a last 32 clash against either Nick Watney or British Open champion Darren Clarke . "  I 'm the underdog and I have nothing to lose , at the same time I do n't think he is at his best at the moment , " added Fernandez - Castano . "  I 've never played with Tiger before and , for me , it 's a big privilege . If I win , fantastic . If I lose , well , I 've lost to one of the best players in golf 's history . " Holder Luke Donald opens his defense against veteran South African Ernie Els , with Peter Hanson of Sweden or American Jason Dufner awaiting the winners . However , the Englishman has an outside chance of losing his world number one ranking to either compatriot Lee Westwood or Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy -- should one of those two players win the tournament . Westwood will open his tournament against Belgian Nicolas Colsaerts , with the winner facing either Robert Karlsson or Fredrik Jacobson , both of Sweden . McIlroy 's opening match is against South African George Coetzee , with Anders Hansen of Denmark or Korean Kyung-tae Kim awaiting the victor of that duel .	Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano believes he can beat Tiger Woods in World Match Play The Spanish world No. 48 takes on Woods in the first round of the Arizona tournament Sixty-four of the world 's top 68 players are in action in the WGC event at Dove Mountain Holder Luke Donald could lose his No. 1 ranking if Lee Westwood or Rory McIlroy wins
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo pledged his future to Real Madrid as he signed a new five-year deal Sunday which ties him to the Spanish giants until 2018 . The Portuguese international will reportedly become the highest paid footballer in the world but the club did not give details in making the official announcement . Ronaldo , who had been linked with a return to the English Premier League with his former club Manchester United , revealed a verbal agreement had been in place with Real Madrid since the end of last season . "  It 's a very special day for me , " he said . "  For me it 's as if today were my first day here . I 'm always going to give my best for this shirt . I hope that I 'm here until I retire . This is a great club . " With Ronaldo 's current contract set to run out in 2015 , the renewed deal is a considerable coup for Real president Florentino Perez . "  Today is a magnificent day for Real Madrid , " he said . "  The best player in the world knows that this is his home forever . A home that demands the most of him , but also loves him the most . " The 28-year-old Ronaldo signed for Real from Manchester United in 2009 for a then world record fee of $ 130,000 . He has justified the fee with an incredible scoring rate of a goal per game for Los Blancos , helping them to the La Liga title in the 2011/12 campaign . Last season saw Barcelona reclaim the Spanish title and Real Madrid were disappointingly knocked out in the semifinal of the Champions League by Borussia Dortmund . It led to speculation that he may be on the move , but under new coach Carlo Ancelotti , Real have made an unbeaten start to the current season . Ronaldo has been joined at Real by Gareth Bale , whose transfer from Tottenham Hotspur broke the record fee paid for his new teammate . The pair played together for the first time Saturday , with Bale scoring Real 's equalizer at Villarreal before Ronaldo put them 2-1 ahead . The home side equalized in a 2-2 draw to take some of the gloss off Bale 's much trumpeted debut , but Real fans will take comfort in Ronaldo 's renewed commitment . "  For me it 's as if today were my first day here . I 'm always going to give my best for this shirt , " he said .	Cristiano Ronaldo agrees new five year deal at Real Madrid ' I hope to retire here ' says Portuguese star Ronaldo has been joined at Real by Gareth Bale Bale succeeded Ronaldo as world 's most expensive player
While architect Philip Freelon imagined designs for Atlanta 's new National Center for Civil and Human Rights , he did the usual research into the past , scanning images of the civil rights marches and protests it would surely address . Around the same time , he could n't help but notice the front pages of modern newspapers that showed protesters around the world resolutely fighting their own battles . They were in different times , different worlds , but always , he saw the same image : People united , their arms interlocked or fingers woven together . The gestures became the foundation for the design his team created , one that 's visible today as the new museum opens in downtown Atlanta . Even after the recession and planning decisions edited the grand space to less than half the size originally proposed , the symbol endured . The building evokes two linked hands ; its exterior walls feature a mix of earthy shades that suggest different races coming together . Inside , exhibits in the nearly 43,000-square-foot museum link the historic stories of the American civil rights movement and modern human rights struggles around the world . The Atlanta center is one of several museums tied to civil rights recently opened or in the works . Around the country , they serve as memorials , meeting spaces , tourist attractions and time capsules , all trying to reveal their stake in history while drawing a young , tech-savvy audience . "  The vision and mission of the institutions are different . What 's similar are those words , civil rights -- segregation , violence , reconciliation , resilience , jubilation , " said Freelon , who created designs for civil rights-related museums in Washington , Mississippi , North Carolina and elsewhere . They are n't just places to preserve history or tell the story of a single race , said Ford Bell , president of the American Alliance of Museums . Museums and libraries have long been places where communities explore curiosities and conversations of the moment , he said ; it 's why the United States saw a wave of natural history museums in the early 20th century , then science and technology centers and more recently , children 's museums . The rise of high-profile civil rights museums comes as communities recognize old wounds that need to heal and fresh cuts that require care , he said . Why I 'm tired of hearing about ` that ' civil rights movement "  Museums are the way that we often address important issues in our society , where we talk about them together , " Bell said . "  We as a society are still wrestling with issues related to human rights and civil rights , and a painful history . " ` Stories are the most powerful tools ' Work on a civil rights museum in Atlanta began more than 10 years ago , when former United Nations Ambassador Andrew Young and civil rights activist Evelyn Lowery approached then-Mayor Shirley Franklin with the idea . The city was already home to memorials and historic sites honoring Atlanta native Martin Luther King , Jr. , but they intended this space to go beyond the King legacy , or even civil rights history . "  It became really clear that they believed ... it was important to connect it to the current issues of the world and the United States , " said Franklin , the board chairwoman of the National Center for Civil and Human Rights . "  Atlanta has claimed a position for itself , historically , as a place where people grapple with human issues , fairness issues , justice issues . Atlanta has claimed its history for itself . " The links were n't so clear to everyone . It took time to convince people -- including other civil rights activists and potential donors -- that the voting rights marches and church bombings of the 1960s were tied to modern , global issues like slavery and immigrant rights . The $ 103 million museum contains large galleries devoted to both , and space to grow as the stories evolve , center CEO Doug Shipman said . Through original artworks and interactive displays laden with video and audio , museum leaders hope visitors will consider where they fit into civil rights history and how they can impact human rights issues today . This could be a first taste of civil and human rights understanding for many visitors to the tourist-heavy area where the museum stands , Shipman said . It 's located beside the Georgia Aquarium and World of Coca-Cola , in eyeshot of a large Ferris wheel and fountains often packed with gleeful children . Turner and CNN are among the museum 's corporate sponsors . Shipman said they wanted the center to appeal not just to those who remembered the history it captures , but also to the 22-year-olds who ca n't imagine it . He wants to hear grandparents sharing their protest memories and teens explaining their school campaigns against bullying . Visitors can tour museum exhibitions designed by Tony Award winner George C. Wolfe and human rights activist Jill Savitt in as little as 75 minutes . Another gallery displays a rotating collection of Martin Luther King , Jr. 's personal papers , which are housed at nearby Morehouse College . The exhibits could be the gateway that leads visitors a few miles away to the historic Sweet Auburn district , King 's birth home or the Jimmy Carter Presidential Library and Museum , Shipman said . "  This was trying to bring the stories to people who might not find them otherwise . Stories are the most powerful tools , " Shipman said . "  If someone goes to one  attraction  and they 're inspired , it makes them more likely to go to another . "  Civil rights and human rights should be Atlanta 's signature , destination topic , like New Orleans and jazz . " ` It 's not over ' Around the country , other cities are sharing their stake in the same story . Many realized they were losing the opportunity to capture the memories of those who witnessed the civil rights movement and were coming up on milestone anniversaries that would spur conversations around "  freedom summer , " school desegregation , civil rights policy and touchstone events of the civil rights movement . The Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture is scheduled to open in 2016 on a five-acre tract on the National Mall in Washington . In Memphis , the National Civil Rights Museum -- the former Lorraine Motel , where Martin Luther King , Jr. was killed -- reopened in April after a $ 28 million renovation , including new , interactive exhibitions . The International Civil Rights Center and Museum opened in Greensboro , North Carolina , in 2010 to showcase the site where four black students sat-in at a whites-only Woolworth 's counter in 1960 . Jackson , Mississippi , broke ground last year on a civil rights museum to sit beside a forthcoming state history museum . Charleston , South Carolina , is planning an International African American Museum . These join myriad other museums and historic sites that consider the legacies of women , Native Americans , lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people , or subjects like the African diaspora and the Holocaust . "  If you name a societal problem , I will find you a museum that 's working on it , " said Bell , the American Alliance of Museums leader . "  The challenge will be to engage people , to help them learn important history ... and how do they keep them looking forward ? " Explorations of civil and human rights can be good business for museums , industry leaders said , presenting history in new ways to young , diverse audiences while building lifelong educations for baby boomers who now make up the core of museum members . By being "  neutral , optimistic " spaces to consider civil and human rights , they 're also expecting to draw in corporations and community groups that need to talk through the issues . They 're reminders , too , that the work of the U.S. civil rights movement is n't done , said Ellen Zisholtz , director of the I.B. Stanback Museum and Planetarium at historically black South Carolina State University . Museums can continue to tell stories of persecution and protest due to religion , gender , education , citizenship and class , as well as race . "  It 's important because it 's stuff that gets lost , " said Zisholtz , a member of the board of directors of the Association of African American Museums . "  It 's not over . We 're going backward , not forward , at a time when we 're 50 or 60 years later  than the civil rights movement  . "  The whole future of this country is for different communities who care about social justice to get together , and work together . If enough people committed themselves to it , what a difference it could make . "	The National Center for Civil and Human Rights opens in Atlanta on Monday It 's one of several civil rights-related museums recently opened or in the works Museum director : Civil and human rights "  should be Atlanta 's signature "
MNN.com  -- I 've watched my brother-in-law lavish ribs , potato salad and even nachos on his beloved pooch with reckless abandon . Give my dog Lulu a banana , and she returns it in a far less pleasant form . That 's why I spend the holidays policing relatives as they walk their near-empty Thanksgiving plates to the kitchen . They mean well , they really do . But depositing scraps of ham , uneaten bits of mac and cheese and other yummies into my dog 's bowl can do more holiday harm than good . While I appreciate the generosity , I do n't relish the tummy troubles or the gassy nights that typically follow . "  Pets get used to absorbing a certain amount of fat , carbohydrates and protein ; -LSB- their diet -RSB- can be thrown out of balance during the holidays , " says pet nutritionist Dr. Martin Glinsky , who began manufacturing holistic pet food in the 1980s . "  The most common symptom is some form of loose stool or diarrhea and -- with my dog -- bouts of nausea . She 's just not used to the rich food we feed ourselves . " Unfortunately , overly generous relatives are n't the only threat to a pet 's digestive system . Dogs and cats have a knack for finding and consuming things they should avoid , particularly when their people are preoccupied . The ASPCA 's poison control hotline  1-888-426-4435  handled 167,000 cases last year , says medical director Dr. Tina Wismer . Chocolate , a holiday staple , remains the No. 1 culprit . Pet insurance company VPI also notes a spike in claims related to chocolate poisoning during the holidays . The company 's infamous "  Hambone Award " even pays tribute to pets and the quirky things they consume , such as the Labrador that ate a Thanksgiving turkey carcass or a golden retriever that consumed an artificial Christmas wreath . Perhaps my brother-in-law 's table scraps are n't so bad in comparison . MNN : How to protect your pet from poisonous plants But there are ways to help pets participate in holiday festivities without the risk of accidental injury or illness . Start by brushing up on basic obedience skills so that your pet will have tools to avoid temptation , says ASPCA trainer Kristen Collins . "  Training your dog to ` leave it ' on cue can be really useful when you have lots of people and tempting foods around , " she says . "  With lots of visitors , it 's also a great opportunity to teach your dog to greet people politely . " Here are some tips to help dogs behave on a leash around houseguests . Collins suggests pet-friendly zones , complete with soft bedding , toys and chews . MNN : Downing Street defends "  mouser-in-chief " "  Pets become overwhelmed by people and sounds and smells during holidays , " Collins says . "  It 's best to fix up a comfy confinement space for your pet . " Of course , you also can be firm with guests who try to be a little too generous with the table scraps . "  Most guests are conscious of your relationship with your dog and will say , ` Want me to save this ? ' " Glinsky says . "  I have no problem saying , ` Please do n't feed the dog . She 's on her own diet , and we do n't feed her table scraps . ' Your dog needs you for her well-being and she looks to you for that . You 've got to do what 's necessary to provide her with that safety . " Follow Morieka on Twitter @soulpup . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Letting dogs eat Thanksgiving leftovers can do more harm than good The holidays are a perfect time to teach your dog to greet people politely and avoid tempting food As an owner look out for your dogs well-being and make sure your guests do n't feed him or her
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- An Italian mafia boss used his pet crocodile to threaten people and extort money , authorities said . The caiman was 1.1 meters long  3.6 feet  , the Italian Forest Service said . Antonio Cristofaro kept the 40-kilogram  88-pound  reptile on a terrace of his home near Naples and fed it live rats and rabbits , according to LAV , an Italian animal rights group . Authorities discovered the animal during a search for weapons at Cristofaro 's home , LAV said . The crocodile was found on September 18 but the news was only made public Wednesday , the group said . The crocodile was 1.1 meters long  3.6 feet  , the Italian Forest Service said , and was capable of pulling off a man 's limb with one bite . It lived atop Cristofaro 's condominium in Caserta , less than an hour northeast of Naples , the Forest Service said . Cristofaro used the crocodile to intimidate people , notably entrepreneurs , to pay him more money , Italy 's ANSA news agency reported . The crocodile is of a type known as a caiman , commonly found in Latin America . It is protected under the Washington Convention , which regulates the international trade of endangered animals , and is considered too dangerous to own as a pet , the Forest Service said . Police charged Cristofaro with illegal possession of animals , ANSA said . It was not clear whether he had been arrested . The Forest Service is now holding the reptile at an animal center near Rome , ANSA reported . Cristofaro , who the Forest Service said comes from a mafia family , already had a criminal record for weapons-related charges , resisting police , and extortion , ANSA reported . Authorities found a flak jacket during a search of Cristofaro 's house , the Forest Service said . It was not the first time the Forest Service discovered an illegal crocodile at someone 's home , the Forest Service said . In August 2008 in Naples , authorities found a 2-meter-long  6.5-foot-long  crocodile at the home of a man known for drug dealing , they said . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Italian mafia boss kept 40-kg reptile at his home near Naples to threaten people Authorities found animal in search for weapons at Antonio Cristofaro 's home Police charged Cristofaro with illegal possession of animals
CNN  -- Didier Deschamps has been confirmed as the new coach of France after Laurent Blanc quit at the end of Euro 2012 . Deschamps , a former coach of Juventus and Monaco , left his most recent post , as manager of Marseille this summer . The French Football Federation held talks with the 43-year-old in Paris on Saturday and confirmed his appointment on their official website . In his illustrious playing career Deschamps twice won the European Champions League as a player and also won titles in France and Italy . He captained France to their first ever World Cup triumph in 1998 and led them to victory in the European Championships two years later . He amssed 103 caps in total . A statement read : "  The FFF has officially confirmed today the arrival of Didier Deschamps as coach of the France team . "  Captain of Les Blues during the World Cup 98 and Euro 2000 , the former coach of AS Monaco , Juventus and Olympique de Marseille has extensive experience at the highest level . " Blanc resigned after a disappointing Euro 2012 campaign in which France lost to Spain in the quarterfinals and again were hit by problems in the dressing room .	Dider Deschamps named as the new coach of France Deschamps left French club Marseille this summer Laurent Blanc stepped down as France coach after Euro 2012
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan 's complaint that working long hours caused her to collapse from exhaustion triggered union investigations of the "  Liz & Dick " production , two unions said . Producers called paramedics to the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Marina del Rey , California , after Lohan was unresponsive to knocks on her door Friday morning . Lohan , 25 , was simply sleeping after working "  a grueling schedule the past few days , " publicist Steve Honig said Friday . She is in the middle of filming the Lifetime movie in which she portrays legendary actress Elizabeth Taylor . Lohan later posted a Twitter message that led to the union set visits : "  Note to self . . After working 85 hours in 4 days , and being up all night shooting , be very aware that you might pass out from exhaustion & 7 paramedics MIGHT show up @ your door ... . Hopefully theyre cute . Otherwise it would be a real let down . " Union contract rules limit the number of hours actors and crew members can work on a movie or television production . Both SAG-AFTRA , which represents actors , and IATSE , the stage workers union , confirmed they visited the set of the Lifetime Network movie "  We have thoroughly investigated this matter and our business representatives have visited , and will continue to visit , the set of Liz & Dick , " SAG-AFTRA said in a statement late Wednesday . "  We have spoken with representatives from the company and they are fully aware of their contractual obligations . We will ensure that all applicable penalties will be paid . " Reports that two hairstylists became ill from exhaustion last week led to the stage workers union to investigate . "  The IATSE is on top of the situation on the set of Lifetime 's ` Liz and Dick , ' " IATSE Director Mike Miller said . "  We have had union representatives on the set since last Friday and will continue to monitor the hours and working conditions there . " The movie 's producers did not immediately respond to requests for comment Thursday . Production was delayed when Lohan was involved in a car crash on the way to the set two weeks ago .	The actors and stage workers unions both investigated "  Liz & Dick " work conditions Lohan worn out after working "  a grueling schedule , " her publicist says Union rules limit the hours actors and crew members can work Lohan portrays legendary actress Elizabeth Taylor
CNN  -- Authorities investigating the case of a boy who disappeared in Kansas almost a decade ago plan to search an undisclosed residence Wednesday , the Butler County sheriff said . An age-progression photo shows what Adam Herrman would like today , as a 21-year-old man . Sheriff Craig Murphy would not disclose details about the residence or why authorities want to search it . He said his department will also search on an area of the Whitewater River , in southern Kansas , on Saturday near where Adam Herrman was last seen . Adam was 11 when he went missing in 1999 . He was living in a mobile home park in Towanda , a town about 25 miles northeast of Wichita , with his adoptive parents , Doug and Valerie Herrman , authorities said . Wichita attorney Warner Eisenbise , who is representing Adam 's adoptive parents , said the couple believed Adam had run away and did n't report him missing . They "  really rue the fact that they did n't " report him missing , he said Monday . A few weeks ago , an undisclosed person contacted the Wichita-Sedgwick County Exploited and Missing Child Unit , expressing concern about Adam , the sheriff said . The Herrmans told Eisenbise that Adam ran away frequently , the attorney said , and they believed he was either with his biological parents or homeless . Although the Herrmans did not report him missing , "  they were very worried about him , " Eisenbise said . In an interview published Tuesday in The Wichita Eagle , Valerie Herrman said Adam ran away in May 1999 after she spanked him with a belt . She said she was upset but does n't remember why , The Eagle reported . The couple never reported Adam missing , Valerie Herrman told the paper , because they feared authorities would take Adam and his siblings away because of the spanking . The couple adopted his two younger siblings as well , according to The Eagle . "  We love him , and we made a terrible mistake " by not reporting him missing , Doug Herrman told The Eagle . The couple said they searched the mobile home park and other areas for two days after Adam left . "  Then we came to the conclusion that the police probably have him , and they 're coming to us , probably to get us in trouble , " Doug Herrman told the newspaper , but the "  police never came . " Authorities have searched an empty lot in the Pine Ridge Mobile Home Park where the family lived . There , police found an "  answer " to one of their questions , Murphy said Monday without elaborating . Eisenbise said that on December 15 , authorities also searched the Herrmans ' homes in Derby , outside of Wichita , and took the couple 's computer , he said . The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has released an age-progression picture that depicts Adam as he might appear now : a young man with blue eyes and light-colored hair . Adam had been placed in the Herrmans ' care when he was about 2 , Murphy said Monday . He had been named Irvin Groeninger III when he was born June 8 , 1987 , Murphy said , and it was not clear when his name was changed . His biological parents relinquished their rights as parents about two decades ago , and Adam and his siblings were put in foster homes , CNN affiliate KWCH reported . "  I thought what I was doing for them was in the best interest of the children , and evidently it was n't , " Irvin Groeninger , Adam 's biological father , told KWCH . "  If he was still in my custody , this would have never happened . " Adam 's sister , Tiffany Broadfoot , 22 , said she had last seen her brother about 14 years ago at a birthday party . "  He had the cutest little round face , little-bitty freckles right up here on the tip of his cheek , " she told the station . CNN 's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Sheriff says his officers will search area near Whitewater River on Saturday Attorney says parents "  rue the fact " they did n't report him missing Adam Herrman reportedly ran away when he was 11 , after being spanked Parents tell paper they thought spanking would lead police to take other kids away
CNN  -- Michelin Travel Publications rolled out the results for New York City 's 2015 Michelin Guide today , and 73 area restaurants earned one or more of the guide 's highest honor - the Michelin star . The Michelin Guide , or Le Guide Michelin , originated in France in 1900 and has since offered its notes , recommendations and ratings on restaurants and hotels in select cities around the globe . It published its first New York City edition in 2005 . World 's 50 best restaurants for 2014 The guide 's recommendations are put together by a team of "  famously anonymous " inspectors , who all must undergo strict training and sign confidentiality agreements before they can file reports on their assigned establishments . The ratings for the guide are as follows : Three stars -- "  Exceptional cuisine , worth a special journey . One always eats here extremely well , sometimes superbly . Distinctive dishes are precisely executed , using superlative ingredients . " Two stars -- "  Excellent cuisine , worth a detour . Skillfully and carefully crafted dishes of outstanding quality . " One star -- "  A very good restaurant in its category . A place offering cuisine prepared to a consistently high standard . " Best restaurants in America are ... Here is the full list  alphabetically in each category  : Three Michelin stars : Chef 's Table at Brooklyn Fare Eleven Madison Park Jean-Georges Le Bernardin Masa Per Se Two Michelin stars : Aquavit Atera Blanca Daniel Ichimura Jungsik Marea Momofuku Ko Soto One Michelin star : Ai Fiori Aldea Andanada Aureole Babbo Batard Betony Blue Hill Bouley The Breslin Brushstroke Cafe Boulud Cafe China Carbone Casa Enrique Casa Mono Caviar Russe Danny Brown Wine Bar & Kitchen Delaware and Hudson Del Posto Dovetail 15 East Gotham Bar and Grill Gramercy Tavern Hakkasan Jewel Bako Juni Junoon Kajitsu Kyo Ya La Vara Lincoln Luksus at Torst Meadowsweet Minetta Tavern The Modern The Musket Room M. Wells Steakhouse NoMad Peter Luger Picholine Piora Pok Pok NY Public The River Cafe Rosanjin Seasonal Spotted Pig Sushi Azabu Sushi of Gari Take Root Telepan Tori Shin Torrisi Italian Specialties Tulsi Wallse Zabb Elee ZZ 's Clam Bar	The Michelin Guide has been published since 1900 It offers notes , recommendations and ratings on restaurants and hotels The New York City Guide has been published since 2005 Six restaurants were awards the highest rating : three stars
The Chinese government is sponsoring cyber-espionage to attack top U.S. companies , according to Grady Summers , vice president of security firm Mandiant . Virginia-based Mandiant published a 60-page report detailing allegations over a six-year period against a group of hackers -- known as Comment Crew -- which Summers linked to a secret division of the Chinese military . Summers told CNN : "  China is attacking the U.S. on a scale like we 've never seen before ... We believe that the Communist Party of China is very aware of this . " Read more : Have the courage to deal with cyber war Mandiant says the activity can be traced to four networks near Shanghai -- with some operations taking place in a location that is also the headquarters of Unit 61398 , the secret military division . Summers added : "  Never before have we seen one state-sponsored entity like unit 61398 of the Chinese PLA attacking helpless commercial organizations in other countries . " Read more : Chinese cyber attacks on West are widespread , experts say The espionage group mainly targeted U.S. blue chip companies in 20 separate industries from aerospace to financial services . "  It 's really a who 's who of American companies . Of 140 victims worldwide , 115 of them were in the U.S. , " Grady said . Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei dismissed the hacking charges on Tuesday , insisting that China is the victim of many cyberattacks -- most originating in the United States . "  Making baseless accusations based on premature analysis is irresponsible and unprofessional , " he said . "  China resolutely opposes any form of hacking activities . " Earlier this month , President Obama signed an executive order designed to address the country 's most basic cybersecurity needs -- and highlighted the effort in his State of the Union address . Summers says a cyber offence by the U.S. is not an appropriate response to the attacks as "  it creates more problems than it solves . " Instead , he advocates better defense systems in organizations that are vulnerable to cyber attacks and diplomatic pressure from Washington on Beijing . The Mandiant report details 3,000 technical indicators including IP addresses , domain names and encryption certificates , that can be used to strengthen companies ' defenses .	Mandiant say thousands of cyber attacks have come from one neighborhood near Shanghai The espionage group mainly targeted U.S. blue chip companies in 20 separate industries Mandiant VP Grady Summers says diplomatic pressure is needed on Beijng from Washington
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A British man who has just claimed the world land sailing speed record is now planning to better his speed -- on ice . Greenbird , driven by Briton Richard Jenkins has claimed the land sailing speed record Using just wind power , Richard Jenkins drove his vehicle , the Greenbird , to 202 km/hour  126 miles/hour  in late March on the dry Lake Ivanpah near the border of California and Nevada in the western United States . Greenbird is a carbon fibre composite craft -- described by the makers on their Web site as "  part airplane , part sailboat and part Formula One car " -- that uses solid sails to harness the power of the wind . It weighs 600 kg and is able to travel up to four or five times greater than the speed of the wind -- at which point the downward force of the wings increases the craft 's weight to nearly a ton . The only metal in the structure is in the wing bearings and the wheel . Jenkins told CNN the record came after the team , which is sponsored by UK-based green electricity company Ecotricity , made gains in all aspects of the vehicle 's design . "  It 's a real mixture of everything -- all of the margins are so tight you have to make a little gain in every place . " The technologically advanced Greenbird works by using the flow of air over its vertical sail to push it forward . It transfers the side force of wind into downward energy to keep it from taking off -- a similar concept to that used in Formula One race cars . Greenbird 's record speed defeated the previous record set by American Bob Schumacher in 1999 . Schumacher , in what he described as a "  boat " called the "  Iron Duck , " managed 116 miles per hour . View a photo gallery of the successful speed record attempt " Jenkins told CNN he had been working towards the record for about 10 years and was ecstatic to have managed the feat . "  We had been working on this for a long time . It started when I was at university ... so it was great to finally achieve the record . " The 32-year-old said bad weather and attracting sponsorship had been the main challenges in preparing to set the record . "  You have to be very lucky for the weather to be right at the right time . For years I thought we were going to be unlucky . " With the land sailing record under his belt , Jenkins now plans to return to work on his Greenbird ice sailing craft -- which he feels has the potential to be even quicker than the Greenbird land racer . "  Theoretically it should be a lot faster , but currently ice yachts are not as quick as land yachts . We are not completely sure why . " Jenkins said his next ice sailing attempt would likely take place in December this year on Canyon Ferry Lake in Montana , where the ice is large and secure enough for the vehicle . It is also important to make attempts before snow falls on the ice , creating more drag , Jenkins added . Ice sailing is significantly more risky than land sailing , he told CNN . "  Depending on when you go , the ice can be a lot more unstable . There is the risk that you could go through a water-hole into the ice . We try not to think about it , " Jenkins said . For more about the Greenbird land and ice craft , go to Greenbird.co.uk	Greenbird , driven by Richard Jenkins , claims the land sailing speed record The land yacht reaches 202 km/hour  126.1 miles/hour  on a dry lake in California Makers describe craft as "  part airplane , part sailboat and part Formula One car " Jenkins is now aiming to better the speed in Montana in his ice-sailing craft
CNN  -- Two former world No. 1s . Two tennis stars who have been unlucky in love with golfing partners . Two women who are getting their careers back on track . Caroline Wozniacki will take on Ana Ivanovic in Sunday 's final of the Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo in a battle of two players who have promised so much , but fallen frustratingly short . Wozniacki 's fortunes have taken a remarkable turn for the better since Rory McIlroy called off their wedding -- with a phone call -- in May . While the golfer regained his best form immediately , winning two major titles in a month , Wozniacki 's resurgence has been more gradual -- culminating in defeat to Serena Williams in this month 's U.S. Open final . The Dane , who won the Tokyo title in 2010 , is seeking the 23rd WTA Tour crown of her career , and second this year following July 's Istanbul success . She had to show her renowned fighting qualities on Saturday before battling to a 6-4 2-6 6-2 win over 20-year-old Spaniard Garbine Muguruza , who this season has reached the first two finals of her career , winning one of them . "  She was playing really , really well and very aggressively , but I just kept fighting and staying in there , and I think at the end I had just a little bit more energy than she did , " Wozniacki said after her 22nd win in 26 matches since the hard-court swing began . The 24-year-old needs to improve on her 2-4 career record against Ivanovic , who holds the last of eight qualifying places in the race to feature at the season-ending championships in Singapore -- Wozniacki is ninth , with five slots yet to be decided . The Serbian , who had an on-off relationship with Australian golfer Adam Scott earlier this decade , has won three of her five finals in 2014 after rebuilding her game and ranking . Unlike Wozniacki , she has a grand slam title to her name -- the 2008 French Open -- but has not done so well in this season 's majors since reaching the Australian Open quarterfinals in January . Ivanovic lost in the 2007 Tokyo final before it became a premier-level event on the tour , and the 26-year-old has another chance for Japanese success after knocking out top seed Angelique Kerber in Saturday 's semifinals . She came back from 5-3 down in the opening set , winning 10 of the next 13 games to triumph 7-5 6-3 against the German -- who lost to Petra Kvitova in last year 's final . "  In the beginning it really took me some time to adjust to her game . It was n't like my previous matches , " Ivanovic said after her 51st win this season , equaling her career best achieved seven years ago . "  But once I adjusted and got more aggressive it started to go my way , and I 'm really happy with the win today because she 's always such a tough and challenging opponent . " Meanwhile , Romania 's Monica Niculescu won the second WTA Tour title of her career Saturday , beating France 's Alize Cornet 6-4 6-0 in the final of the Guangzhou International Women 's Open . American Varvara Lepchenko will play Czech Karolina Pliskova in Sunday 's Korea Open final in Seoul .	Caroline Wozniacki faces Ana Ivanovic in the final of the Tokyo Open Wozniacki battles past rising star Garbine Muguruza in three sets Ivanovic overcomes top seed Angelique Kerber in second semifinal Romania 's Monica Niculescu wins her second WTA Tour title in China
CNN  -- The August downing of a Chinook helicopter in Afghanistan that killed 38 people , including 17 U.S. Navy SEALs , was caused by a rocket-propelled grenade , fired by insurgents , that struck the aircraft 's aft rotor blade , the U.S. Central Command officially confirmed on Wednesday . An investigation determined that the "  operational planning and execution " of the ill-fated August 6 mission in Wardak Province "  were consistent with previous missions , and that the forces and capabilities were appropriate given the agility required to maintain pressure on insurgent networks , " CENTCOM said in a news release issued Wednesday . "  There was no evidence of a pre-planned ambush , " CENTCOM said . The attack made for the the deadliest month for U.S. forces in Afghanistan in the 10 years since allied forces began their campaign there . Seventy-one American troops died in August , six more than in July 2010 , which previously had been the worst month for U.S. casualties . CNN 's David Ariosto , Barbara Starr , Moni Basu and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	CENTCOM report finds no fault in mission 's planning , execution or forces "  No evidence of a pre-planned ambush , " CENTCOM says in statement 17 U.S. Navy SEALs were among the 38 killed in the August 6 attack
Washington  CNN  -- A divided Supreme Court has ruled the government has the power to criminalize "  material support " of a foreign terrorist organization . The 6-3 decision Monday preserves a key provision of the 2001 Patriot Act , amid claims it threatens the free-speech rights of Americans who would assist non-violent activities of certain militant and terror groups . At issue was the portion of the federal law that allows prosecution of those who provide "  any service , training , expert advice or assistance " to a foreign terrorist organization , as designated by the U.S. government . "  Providing foreign terrorist groups with material support in any form , " wrote Chief Justice John Roberts , "  furthers terrorism by straining the United State 's relationship with its allies and undermines cooperative efforts between nations to prevent terrorist attacks . " Justice Stephen Breyer authored a powerful dissent , fearing the law could be interpreted too broadly by the government in the name of protecting Americans . "  Precisely how does application of the statute to the protected activities help achieve that important security-related end , " he asked . Since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks against the United States , federal prosecutors have pursued "  material support " cases against at least 125 individuals or organizations , winning convictions in about half of those cases . Nearly every domestic terrorism-related prosecution has included the charge as part of the indictment . Groups listed as "  foreign terrorist organizations " by the State Department include al Qaeda , Hamas and Hezbollah . A federal appeals court in San Francisco , California , struck down several parts of the legislation , finding them too vague to satisfy the Constitution . The government then asked the high court to intervene and uphold the law . The key plaintiff in the appeal is the Humanitarian Law Project , a Los Angeles , California-based non-profit that says its mission is to advocate "  for the peaceful resolution of armed conflicts and for worldwide compliance with humanitarian law and human rights law . " It sought interaction with the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , a group active in Turkey . Known as PKK , the party has been labeled a terror organization by the United States and the European Union . Its leaders have called for militancy to create a separate Kurdish state in the parts of Turkey , Iraq , Syria and Iran where Kurds are a majority . In its appeal to the high court , the government noted that "  since its inception , the organization has waged a violent insurgency that has claimed over 22,000 lives . " Humanitarian Law Project claimed it wanted to advocate on behalf of the PKK before the U.N. Commission on Human Rights , and conduct other advisory sessions and public awareness campaigns . Breyer , in an unusual step , read a portion of his dissent from the bench . He said the majority wrongly read the law "  to forbid the teaching of any subject where national security concerns conflict with the First Amendment . The Constitution does not allow all such conflicts to be decided in the government 's favor . " Breyer was supported by justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor . The court 's majority opinion was not a complete victory for the government and came with an important caveat . The activity in question can be banned only if "  coordinated with , or controlled by foreign terrorist groups . " The justices gave no specific guidance on how that distinction should be made . The court also said the law does not extend the ban on material support to domestic groups . "  The government is wrong that the only thing actually at issue in this litigation is conduct , " said Roberts . "  Plaintiffs want to speak to -LSB- certain foreign designated groups -RSB- and whether they may do so under -LSB- the federal law -RSB- depends on what they say . If plaintiffs ' speech to those groups imparts a ` specific skill ' or communicates advice derived from ` specialized knowledge ' -- for example , training on the use of international law or advice on petitioning the United Nations -- then it is barred . On the other hand , plaintiffs ' speech is not barred if it imparts only general or unspecialized knowledge . " Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan had argued the administration 's case as solicitor general , back in February . That was before she was tapped by President Barack Obama . "  Hezbollah builds bombs , " she said of the Palestinian militancy group . "  Hezbollah also builds homes . What Congress decided was when you help Hezbollah build homes , you are also helping Hezbollah build bombs . That 's the entire theory behind this statute , and it 's a reasonable theory . " Ralph Fertig , a 79-year-old civil rights lawyer who founded Humanitarian Law Project 25 years ago , told CNN he feared being arrested if he continued his international outreach efforts with groups designated as terrorists . "  My mission would be to work with these groups , to try and convince them to use peaceful means to resolve these ongoing conflicts , " he said after the arguments . He filed the lawsuit against the government . There was no immediate reaction from his group or the government . But human rights groups criticized the ruling . "  The Supreme Court has ruled that human rights advocates , providing training and assistance in the nonviolent resolution of disputes , can be prosecuted as terrorists , " said David Cole of the Center for Constitutional Rights . "  In the name of fighting terrorism , the court has said that the First Amendment permits Congress to make human rights advocacy and peacemaking a crime . That is wrong . " The Patriot Act was passed six weeks after the 9/11 terrorism attacks . It included amending a previous anti-terror law to strengthen the "  expert advice and assistance " provision , making it a crime punishable by a 10-to-15 year prison sentence . The case is Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project  08-1498  .	NEW : Applies only to activities coordinated or controlled by foreign terrorist groups 6-3 ruling upholds provisions of the 2001 Patriot Act Providing support in any form "  furthers terrorism , " chief justice writes Dissenting justice says First Amendment should sometimes prevail
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  At least 15 people were killed and several homes burnt on Tuesday when Boko Haram gunmen raided a village in northern Nigeria near the town of Chibok , according to fleeing residents and a military officer . Boko Haram rebels drew international condemnation when they kidnapped more than 200 schoolgirls from Chibok in April , many of whom they said they sold into slavery . In the latest raid , scores of Boko Haram fighters armed with guns and petrol bombs stormed the remote farming village of Kautikari on motorcycles early Tuesday , shooting randomly and torching homes . The attackers urged residents not to flee , saying they were in the village to find selected targets . "  The gunmen killed 15 people , mostly youth vigilantes who keep watch on the village against Boko Haram attacks , " said Adamu Kolomgunna , who fled the village for the town of Maiduguri . The attackers hurled petrol bombs into homes , causing fire that destroyed several houses , he said . "  The village has been deserted by all able-bodied men , leaving only the old and children , " Kolomgunna said . The gunmen left the village after the raid , warning residents not to stand in their way when they carry out attacks , said Silas Bitrus , another resident who gave a similar death toll . This was the second deadly raid on Kautikari by Boko Haram insurgents in recent months . On June 29 , Boko Haram gunmen dressed as soldiers opened fire on a church in the village during Sunday Mass , killing nine worshipers in an attack in which the militants again burnt several homes . Only two weeks ago , Boko Haram insurgents kidnapped at least 185 women and children and killed 32 people in a raid on another village near Chibok , called Gumsuri , local officials said . Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . Violence has increased sharply in recent months , ahead of elections due in February . The Islamist group -- considered one of the world 's most deadly terrorist organizations -- has said its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south .	Fighters arrived on motorcycles , torched homes and killed young men -- resident Residents say at least 15 people were killed in the raid by Boko Haram militants Homes were also burned in the raid on Kautikari village , near Chibok , they said
CNN  -- The explosions that killed one person and wounded two others in central Stockholm , Sweden , were "  an act of terrorism , " a Swedish police official said Sunday . Two explosions occurred within minutes of each other Saturday in the district full of Christmas shoppers , Swedish authorities said . A Swedish news agency and police said they received e-mailed threats 10 minutes before the explosions , but Swedish authorities have not confirmed the three events are connected , Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt said Sunday . The Swedish Security Service said the incidents appeared to be the work of "  a single perpetrator . " Reinfeldt called the explosions "  completely unacceptable " as he mounted an impassioned defense of Swedish society in the face of what seems to be its first suicide bombing . "  This is not the path we want to go down . It is very serious that this has already happened , " he said . "  Sweden is an open society , " Reinfeldt added . "  It is an open society which has demonstrated a will that people must be able to come from different backgrounds , believe in different gods or not believe in any god at all . Be able to live side by side , together , in our open society . " Posts on websites that frequently feature statements and propaganda videos from Islamic radical groups posted a name and photo of a man identified as the attacker on Sunday . But Swedish police did not confirm the name Sunday evening , saying they were still trying to notify relatives of the dead man . Regional police chief Carin Gotblad said the bomber had "  failed . " "  While this was a very serious event , no innocent people were seriously hurt . If that was the intention , then the perpetrator failed , " she said , adding that the country would not increase its terror threat level . Anders Thornberg , head of the security measures division for Swedish security police , told reporters Sunday that based on the agency 's criteria for terrorism and a chief prosecutor 's assessment , "  it is our judgment that this was an act of terrorism . " He said authorities are investigating whether the two explosions were related to one another , "  but there may well be a connection . " On Sunday night , London 's Metropolitan Police executed a search warrant in Bedfordshire , north of London , in connection with the Stockholm probe , a police spokesman said . The spokesman , who would not give his name , said the warrant was executed under Britain 's Terrorism Act 2000 and that "  no arrests have been made ... and no hazardous substances have been found . " The writer of the e-mailed threats to the Swedish news agency and police mentions the presence of Swedish troops in Afghanistan and a Swedish cartoonist who depicted the prophet Mohammed , according to TT , a Swedish news wire that received the threats . The e-mails contained sound files featuring a person speaking in Swedish and Arabic , TT reported . About 500 Swedish troops are in Afghanistan , according to NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . The sender referred to Swedish silence regarding the Afghanistan troops and the controversial cartoon by Lars Vilks that depicted Mohammed as having the body of a dog . "  Now your children , daughters and sisters will die like our brothers and sisters and children are dying , " the e-mail states , according to TT . "  Our actions will speak for themselves , " the person said in an audio recording attached to the e-mail . "  As long as you do n't end your war against Islam and the humiliation against the prophet and with your stupid support to Lars Vilks the pig . " Police said the explosions were in a popular pedestrian shopping area . "  One explosion happened at the intersection of Drottninggatan and Olof Palmes Gata , " two busy streets in central Stockholm , said police spokeswoman Petra Sjolander . She said the car exploded multiple times . "  It is likely that this was some kind of gas tubes that have caused the car to explode multiple times , " Sjolander said . Two people at the site of the car explosion were hospitalized with minor injuries , Sjolander said . Video on Sweden 's TV4 showed flames spewing from the car , which was parked behind several other vehicles . A second explosion occurred about five minutes later , at the intersection of Drottninggatan and Bryggargatan streets , Sjolander said . "  We do n't know at this point what caused the second explosion , " Sjolander said , describing it as suspicious . An unidentified man was found dead at the scene of the second blast . A bag was found near the body , Sjolander said . "  We had bomb technicians on site , but I ca n't give you any details of what they did , " she said . A bomb robot rolled up to the body and removed the bag for examination , according to the Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter . Thornberg said Sunday that he could not confirm whether the man blew himself up . When asked about the possibility of suicide bombing in Stockholm becoming a new trend , Thornberg replied , "  Yes , absolutely -- if that is the case , then it is very serious . " Thornberg said authorities are working on both intelligence and a normal police investigation and will try to determine "  if there may be any more acts of terrorism like this one being planned . At this point , we do n't think there are more acts coming , but we ca n't say for sure . " "  What has happened does not signify a change of the current terrorism threat level in Sweden , but we will continuously be reassessing this to see if what has happened warrants a change in threat level , " he said . In a message posted on Twitter Saturday , Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt said , "  Most worrying attempt at terrorist attack in crowded part of central Stockholm . Failed -- but could have been truly catastrophic . " Swedish terrorism expert Magnus Ranstorp told CNN that he did not believe the attacker acted alone . "  This was not something where he just woke up and thought that he would blow himself up , " said Ranstorp , a professor at the Swedish military academy and a former professor in terrorism studies at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland . The e-mail writer ended the message with a call for action "  to all Mujahadeen in Europe and Sweden , " TT said . "  Now is the time to strike , do n't wait any longer , " the message read , according to TT . "  Step up with whatever you have , even if it is a knife , and I know you have more than a knife . Fear no one , fear not prison , fear not death . " TT said that it was not clear from the e-mail or the audio files if the person belongs to any specific organization . The person claimed to have been to the Middle East and asked family for forgiveness for lying to them . "  I did n't go to the middle east to work , " the writer said . "  I went there for jihad . " CNN 's Mila Sanina contributed to this report .	NEW : British police execute search warrant in connection with Swedish investigation Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt defends Swedish society in the face of the attack One person died , and two people were injured in the explosions Police say they received an e-mail threat before the explosions
CNN  -- A U.S. Army sergeant was sentenced Thursday to life in prison without parole for gunning down five fellow service members at a combat stress clinic in Iraq . The sentence handed down at Joint Base Lewis-McChord , near Tacoma , Washington , came after Sgt. John Russell pleaded guilty to the killings in a deal in which prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty . Russell pleaded guilty to the May 11 , 2009 , killings at Baghdad 's Camp Liberty , telling a military court last month that he "  did it out of rage . " The only question facing the judge , Col. David Conn , was whether Russell committed the slayings with premeditation , which the 48-year-old soldier disputed . During a brief sentencing hearing , Conn ruled Russell killed with premeditation , " meaning the sergeant could not be given a lesser sentence . As part of last month 's plea agreement , Russell described to the court how he killed Navy Cmdr. Charles Springle , Army Maj. Matthew Houseal , Sgt. Christian Bueno-Galdos , Spec . Jacob Barton and Pfc. Michael Yates Jr. . It was the first time Russell had publicly detailed what happened at the clinic . Russell , a communications specialist , was on his third deployment to Iraq . His attorneys argued Russell suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder , depression and a brain injury from previous combat , which make him not fully responsible for the killings . As part of the sentence , Russell was reduced in rank to a private and ordered dishonorably discharged from the Army , Maj. Barbara Junius , a military spokeswoman , said .	A judge finds that Sgt. John Russell killed with premeditation Russell pleaded guilty to the May 2009 killings at Baghdad 's Camp Liberty He opened fire at a combat stress clinic , killing five people
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama is running against former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , but the economy may truly be his greatest opponent . "  It 's not the only factor , but it 's arguably the most important factor , " said George Washington University associate professor John Sides , who has created a computer model to analyze the impact of the economy on the presidential campaign . "  The forecasting model suggests a very close race with maybe a slight edge to Obama , but not necessarily a large edge -- nothing he can be very confident in , " Sides said . Obama faces a perfect storm that threatens to sink his prospects of a second term . The price of gas is dropping but is still high . The stock market remains volatile , unemployment ticked up again , and the eurozone crisis lingers . In a brief statement Friday after which he also took a few questions , Obama described the depth of the nation 's troubled economic recovery . "  The hole we have to fill is much deeper , and the global aftershocks are much greater , " he said . Sides has crunched the numbers , using the president 's approval ratings , economic conditions and consumer confidence . He compares those factors to past presidential races . What his models show him is that the president is facing similar conditions to what former President Jimmy Carter faced when he lost to Ronald Reagan in 1980 , with one exception : Carter was less popular than Obama among his own party . "  The president can count on a reservoir of support in his own party that previous Democratic presidents may not have been able to count on , " Sides said . The gloomy news adds to the national frustration and could weigh on some voters . "  The best thing the president can hope for is not just a good economy but good economic headlines , " Sides said . According to a CNN/ORC International poll , most Americans have doubts about which of the two presidential candidates can fix the problem . But a slight majority , 50 % to 44 % , says Romney has the right kind of business experience for the task , despite attacks by the Obama campaign on the former Massachusetts governor 's record at private equity firm Bain Capital . The poll 's margin of error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . Romney uses the slow recovery to cast the president as a failure who is in over his head and frequently defaults to the blame game . "  The president 's message in all this -- have you heard his campaign slogan ? Forward ! Forward ! Forward over a cliff , " Romney joked with supporters at a campaign event in Council Bluffs , Iowa . "  He is looking around ; he is trying to find someone to blame . " To help lift the economy and his campaign too , Obama is putting pressure on Congress to pass items on his "  to-do " list , even though Republicans are n't likely to act anytime soon .	Professor creates computer model to judge economy 's effect on Obama 's campaign Model analyzes approval ratings , economic conditions and consumer confidence Professor says best comparison for Obama is to Jimmy Carter in 1980 One key difference between the two is that Carter had lost support within his party
Mashable  -- The United States no longer owns the world 's fastest supercomputer . A computer called Tianhe-1A , unveiled on Wednesday at a conference in Beijing , China , can run calculations faster than the previous speed leader , a computer at a U.S. lab in Tennessee . The new computer set a performance record by crunching 2.507 petaflops of data at once . The previous leader , a computer called Cray XT5 Jaguar and located at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory , completed 1.75 petaflop calculations . Analysts say the new record underscores China 's place as a global tech leader . According to Nvidia , the computer technology company , the world 's fastest computer will be operated as an open access system and will be used for large scale scientific computations . Supercomputers , which essentially are many computers strung and networked together , fill entire rooms and even small warehouses . They are often used to processes huge amounts of scientific data . Climate models , for example , are run using the supercomputing power that 's found in U.S. national labs . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Tianhe-1A unveiled Wednesday at HPC China 2010 in Beijing Supercomputer has a performance record of 2.507 petaflops Tianhe-1A designed by the National University of Defense Technology System cost $ 88 million and its 103 cabinets weigh 155 tons
Washington  CNN  -- Immigration reform entered an uncertain new phase on Wednesday as House Republicans signaled some willingness to compromise with President Barack Obama and Democrats but rejected a Senate-passed bill and insisted they would take their time drafting their own version . Following more than two hours of talks on how to proceed , GOP legislators said the biggest question was whether to give the 11 million immigrants living illegally in the United States a path to eventual citizenship , as provided by the Senate measure . Participants in the Republican caucus meeting described a 50-50 split over the undocumented immigrant issue , with more consensus on the need to produce some kind of legislation to show the party 's commitment to fixing a broken system and addressing concerns of Hispanic Americans -- the nation 's largest minority demographic . Despite the divisions on the undocumented immigrant issue , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia told the GOP members that children living illegally in the United States through no fault to their own should receive legal status . House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte said he and fellow Virginia Republican Cantor were working together on a bill focused on children , which is a priority of Democrats pushing for immigration reform . At the same time , House GOP leaders made clear they intended to slow the process down by tackling individual components of the broad measure passed by the Democratic-led Senate last month with bipartisan support . Bush welcomes new citizens in soft push for immigration reform Prospect of political attacks That means taking up smaller bills on specific provisions , such as border security and employment verification measures , in coming months while also seeking a compromise within the caucus on providing legal status for undocumented immigrants . House Speaker John Boehner warned his caucus that Republicans would face political attacks if they failed to move legislation , according to several GOP sources in the room . "  We do n't want the White House to hope that we fail to make it a campaign issue , " said GOP Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas . "  House Republicans want to do this on our terms , and not on the Senate 's terms and not on the White House terms . " Another prominent House GOP leader , Budget Committee Chairman Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , told his colleagues that doing nothing was not an option . The unsuccessful Republican vice presidential nominee in last year 's election , Ryan made the case also pushed by the White House that immigration reform would help boost the American economy , participants said . Meanwhile , a group of bipartisan House legislators trying to draft its own immigration measure met for several hours on Tuesday night and would continue its work , said Democratic Rep. Xavier Becerra of California . The group is working on a comprehensive bill closer in form to the Senate measure and Becerra argued the incremental approach advocated by House Republicans would n't work . "  It 's better to eat your Wheaties and do it right than do it poorly and 5-10 years from now have to come back at it again , " Becerra said . How immigration reform would affect 3 families Path to legal status The 1,000-plus page Senate immigration bill passed last month takes a comprehensive approach that removes the threat of immediate deportation for most undocumented immigrants and provides a path to legal status and eventual citizenship . It also includes stronger enforcement provisions including the virtual militarization of the Mexican border with almost double the agents , new technology and a longer fence , as well as requiring employers to verify the immigration status of workers and improved monitoring of visa holders . While the Senate measure passed 68-32 with support from 14 Republicans , House GOP leaders insist they will not bring it up because most of their caucus opposes it . Boehner has repeatedly said any immigration bill brought up for a House vote must have support from a majority of Republicans , and he repeated that guarantee to his GOP caucus on Wednesday . Democrats called on Boehner to allow a House vote on the Senate version , believing it could pass with unified Democratic support along with several dozen Republicans . Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland , the No. 2 Democrat in the House , said Wednesday that Republicans were "  splintered and confused " on immigration , describing what he called a "  deeply divided party " that was "  much more into ideology than they are into solving problems . " Opinion : Should the U.S. be more like Mexico ? Midterms loom in 2014 The immigration issue will be significant in next year 's congressional elections , with House Republicans under pressure from conservatives to oppose what the political right-wing calls amnesty in the form of a path to legal status and even citizenship for people who sneaked into the country illegally or overstayed their visas . "  Once you start down that line , you 're destroying the rule of law , " conservative GOP Rep. Steve King of Iowa said after Wednesday 's caucus meeting . He and fellow conservative Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota described the GOP caucus as evenly divided on the question . "  The real issue is amnesty . The whole game is about legalization , the status of legalization , " Bachmann said . On the other side was Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , a Cuban immigrant from Miami , who told reporters that "  we have different points of view . " "  I hope we can also look at the 11 million people who want to legalize their status , " she added . For Obama and Democrats , passage of immigration reform would mean following through on a promise to the nation 's largest minority demographic -- Hispanic Americans -- to reduce uncertainty for millions of them living illegally in the United States . Searching for the American Dream in Mexico Moderate Republicans , including most of the party 's leaders in Congress , want a compromise that would represent a potential breakthrough for the GOP with Hispanics who voted overwhelmingly for Obama in last year 's election . Earlier Wednesday , former President George W. Bush added his voice to calls for a solution , telling a ceremony for new citizens that the present system was broken . "  I do hope there is a positive resolution to the debate , " Bush said in a rare public comment about politics since he left office . While he refrained from taking sides , he sounded moderate in saying he hoped that "  we keep a benevolent spirit in mind . " "  We understand the contributions immigrants make to our country , " said Bush , a Republican . "  We must remember that the vast majority of immigrants are decent people who work hard and support their families and practice their faith and lead responsible lives . " White House keeps up pressure However , conservatives fear that legalizing undocumented immigrants means guaranteeing future electoral hardship for Republicans by adding millions of new voters who generally lean Democratic . The White House sought to keep up pressure on House Republicans , asserting Wednesday that the Senate immigration measure would boost the U.S. economy and help create jobs . A Congressional Budget Office report released in June indicated the Senate bill could reduce deficits by $ 175 billion over the first 10 years and by at least $ 700 billion in the second decade . The CBO , working with the congressional Joint Committee on Taxation , estimated that eight million unauthorized residents would become legal in the first decade . In addition , the CBO report estimated the bill would boost the U.S. population by a net of 10.4 million people by 2023 and by 16 million by 2033 . "  The benefits are clear . The fact that there is a broad bipartisan consensus behind this is clear , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Wednesday . "  It can not be acceptable , broadly and in the long term , that immigration reform would be blocked because some minority of House Republicans is concerned about a primary challenge from the far right . That 's not a good argument . It 's not a good argument politically . It 's certainly not a good argument economically , " he said . Senate immigration deal includes tougher border security ` Fully comprehensive ' On the House side , the bipartisan group working on an immigration package would require that border security measures be in place before any process toward residency for undocumented immigrants could begin . GOP legislators endorsed that strategy after Wednesday 's caucus meeting . "  The American people want our border secured , our laws enforced , and the problems in our immigration system fixed to strengthen our economy , " said a joint statement by House GOP leaders that expressed distrust in Obama and Democrats to fully enact tougher security laws before legalizing undocumented immigrants . GOP Republican Rep. Darrell Issa of California told reporters the end result in the House would be "  fully comprehensive immigration reform " that would address undocumented immigrants . He outlined legislation that would provide some with legal status , such as those who served in the military and children of undocumented immigrants brought into the country illegally by their parents . While other immigrants also could be considered for legal status , those with criminal records should be kicked out , Issa said . Sticking points in the House debate include whether undocumented immigrants would be eligible for health care benefits during the years it would take to get legal status , and empowering state and local police to work with federal authorities in enforcing immigration laws . Opinion : On immigration , GOP offers fear , not ideas CNN 's Dana Bash , Alan Silverleib , Lesa Jansen , Ashley Killough and CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi contributed to this report .	NEW : House Republicans argue for and against legal status for undocumented immigrants NEW : GOP legislators say work on immigration measures will likely go on for months Former President Bush calls for a solution in a rare comment on a political issue GOP leaders refuse to hold a vote on a Senate version that passed with bipartisan support
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- At least 22 people were killed Friday in two bus bombings in Sri Lanka . Sri Lankan security officials inspect the bus that was the target of the roadside bomb attack . Initially , police said 21 commuters were killed and more than 53 wounded when an explosion hit a crowded bus in a town south of the capital of Sri Lanka on Friday , police said . Police accused Tamil Tiger rebels of carrying out the attack in Moratuwa , a southern suburb of Colombo . Police said they also discovered and defused a Claymore mine in the same place , preventing another explosion . A few hours later a bomb explosion in a bus outside Sri Lanka 's hill capital of Kandy killing one person , police said . The incident took place at Polgolla , some eight kilometres from the outskirts of Kandy where the bus was headed from the hill country town of Matale . Police also blamed Tamil Tiger rebels for that explosion . At Moratuwa , police and soldiers sealed off an area around the scene and searched for suspects . Authorities also intensified security in Colombo . Initial reports said an explosive device was placed on the ground and detonated with a remote control device , police said . In an adjoining town , another bomb was discovered and diffused immediately , they added . Watch medics treat bus blast survivors " The explosion came as rebel bomb attacks on civilian targets in Colombo and its suburbs have showed a marked increase . Pro-rebel web sites have accused Sri Lankan security forces of attacks on civilians in Wanni , the northern region dominated by them . On Wednesday , a packed train heading to Colombo from the southern suburb of Panadura narrowly escaped severe damage when an explosion hit the track . The blast injured 23 commuters . On May 26 , an explosion on the same southern railway line killed nine and injured 84 .	At least 22 commuters were killed and more than 53 wounded in blast Explosion hit a crowded bus near a southern suburb in the city of Colombo Police defused claymore mine in the same place , preventing another explosion
This is a story affecting millions of Pakistanis -- and it does not involve suicide bombings , honor killings , extremism or President Zardari 's mustache . "  What would you like to be when you grow up ? " I asked Sakafat , a boisterous 12-year-old girl , while visiting a remote Pakistani village in the Sindh province . "  A scientist ! " she immediately replied . "  Why ca n't we be scientists ? Why not us ? " The confident Sakafat lives in Abdul Qadir Lashari village , which is home to 500 people in Mirpur Sakro . It is in one of the most impoverished regions of Pakistan . There was a characteristic resilience and optimism in this particular village . This should come as no surprise to anyone who knows anything about Pakistan 's often dysfunctional , surreal yet endearing daily existence . The 500 villagers live in 48 small huts , except for the one "  wealthy " family who recently built a home made of concrete . The village chief , Abdul Qadir Lashari , proudly showed off his village 's brand-new community toilets , paved roads , and water pump that brings fresh water to the village . These simple , critical amenities , taken for granted by most of us in the West , resulted from the direct assistance of the Rural Support Programmes Network , Pakistan 's largest nongovernmental organization . RSPN has worked with thousands of similar Pakistani villages to help them achieve economic self-sufficiency . I visited the Sindh village with RSPN to witness the results of using community organizing to alleviate poverty . The staff told me its goal was to teach villagers to "  fish for themselves . " Every household in the Abdul Qadir Lashari village was able to reach a profit by the end of 2011 as a result of professional skills training , financial management , community leadership workshops and microloans . Specifically , a middle-aged , illiterate woman proudly told me how she learned sewing and financial management and was thus able to increase her household revenue , manage her bills , and use a small profit to purchase an extra cow for the family . She was excited to introduce me to her cow , but sadly due to lack of time I was unable to make the bovine acquaintance . Women play a prominent role in this village 's process toward empowerment and self-sustenance . Here , in one of the most traditional and rural regions of Pakistan , almost all of the presentations were led by women . All of their daughters from the ages of 6 to 12 are now 100 % literate . In comparison , only 31 % of the entire village and 12 % of females 15 and older can read . All this is particularly pertinent to Pakistan 's wider sociopolitical context . In a country where change is so often top-down and directed by national elites mostly interested in maintaining the status quo for sake of sustaining their vice-like grip on power and wealth , grassroots empowerment can potentially change deeply ingrained feudal and tribal traditions . This power -- to progressively change societal patterns and norms from the bottom up -- is a rarity in Pakistan and a crucial counterweight to more extreme narratives currently sweeping the nation . The village 's local community manager -- a woman -- reflected some of this positive sentiment when she passed on a hopeful message to America : "  We take pride in our traditional work and livelihood , and we hope you too can enjoy them . We hope to trade with you in the future and to have better relations . And we hope and believe we can be a developed nation like you . " Asked what single thing she felt was most important most for her village , she replied education . Upon asking another elderly lady what she wishes for Pakistan , she repeated one word three times : "  sukoon , " which means peace . When it was time to depart , the people of the village presented me with a beautiful handmade Sindhi shawl , an example of the craftwork the villagers are now able to sell for profit . As I left the village with the dark red , traditional Sindhi shawl adorned around my neck , my thoughts returned to the 12-year-old girl , Sakafat , who passionately asked why she could n't become a scientist . I looked in her eyes and could only respond with the following : "  You 're right . You can be anything you want to be . And I have every confidence you will , inshallah  "  God willing "  , reach your manzil  "  desired destination "  . By focusing on education and local empowerment to lift the next generation out of poverty , Sakafat 's dream could indeed one day become a reality for all of Pakistan .	Journalist Wajahat Ali recently visited a Pakistani village that is pulling itself out of poverty A group has helped teach the people professional skills and financial management Women are playing a prominent role , too , in a place they once did n't Ali says the village 's story runs counter to more extreme narratives in the country
MNN.com  -- Lady Blackthorne was beginning to look spherical . But it took a vet visit for Vryce Hough to take matters into her own hands and help the feline conquer her battle of the bulge . "  I did n't really think about it as a problem , but when the vet started talking about the risk of diabetes , I realized we had to do something , " Hough says . "  Those are really scary words . " Changing a cat 's diet can be risky , so Hough worked with her vet to gradually reduce Lady Blackthorne 's daily kibble intake . Unfortunately , there was another challenge to overcome . In a household with three cats , she wanted a way to feed each without setting up separate feeding areas . Hough did a little online research and settled on a high-tech cat door called SureFlap . Like a virtual bouncer , the battery-operated door can be programmed to read your pet 's microchip , denying access to unapproved guests . Physicist Nick Hill created the device so that his cat , Flipper , could enjoy the great outdoors , then return home without a gaggle of freeloading feline friends in tow . MNN : Pet gadgets that make life simpler "  The European market has a strong custom of letting cats come and go freely from the house , " says Judith Bank , marketing manager for SureFlap . "  The U.S. market has been a very interesting market for us because it 's been used in a different way . " U.S. customers like Hough typically use the device on internal doors , opting to separate cats or limit food access.Â AtÂ $ 139.99 , the SureFlap is n't cheap , Â but Hough was willing to give it a try , and contacted the company with her idea . Then , she got handy , purchasing large plastic storage containers and borrowing a spiral saw to cut holes for three new SureFlaps . In about two weeks , her crew adjusted to the new setup , which included a separate container large enough for each cat . Also , the doors currently come in only one size , so Lady Blackthorne had a bit of an issue squeezing through the tight space . "  She had to put her head and front legs through the door , then grab onto something with her claws and literally pull herself through ; but she 's better now " Hough says , noting that Lady Blackthorne has dropped the excess baggage . "  We do n't have to worry about that anymore . " MNN : Detroit rapper takes a bite out of city 's stray dog problem © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Hogue says when the vet talked about the risk of diabetes , she knew something had to be done SureFlap can be programmed to read a pet 's microchip , denying access to unapproved guests U.S. customers use SureFlap on internal doors , opting to separate cats or limit food access
CNN  -- Secret Service agents arrested a Washington man Tuesday for making threats against President Barack Obama , a spokesman with the agency said . The man was identified as Anton Caluori , 31 , according to Brian Leary of the Secret Service . Caluori was charged with making threats against the president and assault on a federal officer . Leary said the FBI notified the Secret Service about "  alarming e-mails . " When agents went to the man 's apartment in the Seattle suburb of Federal Way to arrest him , he was armed with a shotgun . Caluori made comments about explosives so a bomb squad was called in , Leary said . Caluori will make his first appearance in court on Wednesday afternoon . Agents found two weapons in the apartment , said Emily Langlie of the U.S. Attorney 's Office . Neither Leary nor Langlie specified the nature of the threat .	The man is arrested at a Seattle suburb Federal authorities say he e-mailed FBI with a threat to the president The suspect is scheduled to appear in court Wednesday
A federal judge in Brooklyn , New York , has ordered the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to make the morning-after birth control pill available to people of any age without a prescription . The order overturned a 2011 decision by Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to require a prescription for girls under 17 . The FDA said it could n't comment on an ongoing legal matter . But the U.S. Justice Department indicated an appeal of the ruling was under consideration . "  The Department of Justice is reviewing the appellate options and expects to act promptly , " department spokeswoman Allison Price said . The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommended last year that oral contraceptives be sold over the counter in an effort to reduce the number of unintended pregnancies in the United States . Opponents of prescription requirements say prescriptions can delay access to the drug . In 2011 , Teva Women 's Health Inc. , maker of Plan B One-Step , had asked the FDA to make the drug available without prescription to all sexually active girls and women . Sebelius overruled the FDA 's recommendation , saying , "  I do not believe enough data were presented to support the application . " On Friday , U.S. District Court Judge Edward Korman said in his order , "  The decisions of the Secretary with respect to Plan B One-Step and that of the FDA with respect to the Citizen Petition , which it had no choice but to deny , were arbitrary , capricious , and unreasonable . " Friday 's order came in response to a lawsuit launched by the Center for Reproductive Rights . The group was seeking to expand access to all brands of the morning-after pill over the counter , such as Plan B One-Step and Next Choice , so that women of all ages would be able to purchase them without a prescription . "  Today science has finally prevailed over politics , " Nancy Northup , the center 's president and CEO , said in a statement . "  This landmark court decision has struck a huge blow to the deep-seated discrimination that has for too long denied women access to a full range of safe and effective birth control methods . " In a press briefing , Northup said that according to the order , within 30 days , the pill would be available over the counter without "  point of sale restrictions , " such as needing to show identification or being a certain age . There may be other settings besides drugstores where the morning-after pill will be sold , Susan Wood , associate professor at the George Washington University 's School of Public Health and Health Services , told reporters . "  We no longer have to find , on a Sunday morning or a Saturday night , an open pharmacy counter with a pharmacist on duty , " she said . The American Society for Reproductive Medicine also supported the decision , applauding the stance that "  science should guide policy . " But other groups , including the Family Research Council , expressed concerns about the order . "  There is a real danger that Plan B may be given to young girls , under coercion or without their consent . The involvement of parents and medical professionals act as a safeguard for these young girls . However , today 's ruling removes these common-sense protections , " Anna Higgins , director of the organization 's Center for Human Dignity , said in a statement . Bill Donohue of the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights also disagreed with the ruling , citing what he sees as a "  contempt shown for parental rights . " "  A 12-year-old girl in a New York City school can not be given an aspirin by her teacher , even if she has a fever . The same girl can not buy a large soda during lunchtime because Mayor Michael Bloomberg has decreed that it is not good for her . But she can be given a pill , unbeknownst to her parents , that could arguably abort her baby , " he said in a statement . The FDA approved Plan B in 1999 . The key ingredient in Plan B is a synthetic hormone called levonorgestrel . This drug stops an egg from being released from the ovary , or preventing fertilization of the egg by sperm . If there has been fertilization , Plan B may prevent a fertilized egg from embedding in the uterus . But if the egg has already been implanted in the uterus , the morning-after pill will not work . Emergency contraceptives are intended for use within 72 hours after sex but are most effective if taken within 24 hours . Many developed countries require a prescription for oral contraceptives , including Canada and most of Europe , but other countries sell the pill without a prescription even formally or informally . A 2012 study in the journal Pediatrics found that there is misinformation about emergency contraception , including about what age women can obtain it without a prescription , and who can take it in general . As far as pricing , the morning-after pill goes for about $ 50 , said Susannah Baruch , interim president and CEO of Reproductive Health Technologies Project .	NEW : Justice Department "  reviewing the appellate options , " spokeswoman says Morning-after pill ordered to be available for people of all ages Judge 's order overturns Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius ' decision
Washington  CNN  -- At 21 weeks of age and 45 pounds each , Apple and Cider would normally be prime candidates for Thanksgiving dinner this year . Instead , the two California-born turkeys got a new lease on life Wednesday when President Obama pardoned them in a Rose Garden ceremony at the White House . "  Now for the record , let me say that I feel pretty good to stop at least one shellacking this November , " said Obama , referring to the staggering defeat his party suffered in congressional elections this month . Obama celebrated the 63rd anniversary of the national Thanksgiving turkey presentation by sparing the two birds . Their names were chosen from more than 200 suggestions by California schoolchildren , a White House statement said . Apple was designated the official national Thanksgiving turkey , and Cider was the alternate . Obama said the turkeys were among 20,000 born at a Modesto farm last summer chosen to "  strut their stuff " in a competition for the presidential pardon . "  It 's like a turkey version of ` Dancing with the Stars , ' " the president said . "  Except the stakes for the contestants were much higher . Only one pair win the prize : life , and an all-expenses trip to Washington . " Two turkeys that "  did n't quite make the cut " were delivered to Martha 's Table , a local nonprofit organization that serves homeless children and their families , the president said . Having escaped execution , the two birds will head to George Washington 's Mount Vernon Estate and Gardens for a Christmas display and then live out their days in a specially built enclosure , the White House statement said . While the tradition of the president receiving a national Thanksgiving turkey began with Harry Truman in 1947 , the first official presidential turkey pardon was given in 1989 by George H.W. Bush .	The president celebrates the 63rd anniversary of national Thanksgiving turkey presentation The California-born turkeys being pardoned are 21 weeks old and weigh 45 pounds each Former President George H.W. Bush granted the first turkey pardon in 1989
Imagine carrying a bowling ball between your legs that weighs close to 200 pounds . If that image is too much to stomach , continue reading with caution . Wesley Warren , 49 , spent more than four years with this extra burden before having surgery to repair the damage from a rare medical condition called scrotal lymphedema . When doctors placed the swollen mass they had cut from Warren 's scrotum on the scale , it weighed 132 pounds . That 's not counting the fluid or smaller pieces of tissue the surgeons had also removed from the Las Vegas man . "  There are a lot of people that will look and laugh and stare in shock and awe and amazement , " Warren says as he walks down the street in a preview for TLC 's upcoming show "  The Man with the 132-Pound Scrotum . " The one-hour special airs Monday at 9 p.m. ET/PT . "  It 's tough to deal with it , you know , because essentially , this is a sort of living and breathing freak show . " It began in 2008 , Warren told TLC , when he awoke to a shooting pain in his testicles . The tissue around his penis soon began to swell , eventually growing at an estimated rate of 3 pounds per month . One doctor told Warren that it might be necessary to castrate him to fix the problem ; others told him that he would probably die on the operating table . And the cost of the surgery alone would be in the hundreds of thousands of dollars . After Warren appeared on the Howard Stern radio show , appealing for help , a fellow scrotal lymphedema sufferer referred him to Dr. Joel Gelman , who offered to do the surgery for free . Gelman , director of the Center for Reconstructive Urology at the University of California , Irvine , specializes in urethral and penile reconstruction surgery . Although the headline of TLC 's special is catchy , scrotal lymphedema is a very real condition , Gelman said . He hopes media attention surrounding the show will encourage other men with the problem to seek treatment . Here are some more answers about this condition : What is scrotal lymphedema ? Scrotal lymphedema , also known as scrotal elephantiasis , is a "  massive enlargement " of the scrotum due to thickening of tissue and accumulation of fluid , Gelman said . What causes it ? Outside North America , scrotal lymphedema is often caused by a parasitic infection called lymphatic filariasis that 's spread by mosquitoes . "  Thread-like worms " lodge themselves in the lymphatic system , according to the World Health Organization , where they can interfere with a person 's immune system . But lymphatic filariasis is virtually unheard-of in the United States , Gelman said . Most cases of scrotal lymphedema here are caused by blockages in the lymphatic vessels that prevent fluid from draining from the area . Doctors are unsure what causes this blockage ; in Warren 's case , Gelman believes it was an injury or trauma to his scrotum . What are the symptoms ? The most obvious symptom is a large scrotum ; this can range in size from a grapefruit to a basketball . But the mass does n't "  max out " at any particular size , Gelman said . It will keep growing until the patient seeks treatment . Warren 's scrotum was the largest Gelman had ever seen . "  Warren  did n't report that he was always in pain , but I think the biggest problem is that the sheer size of the mass made it very uncomfortable for him , " the surgeon said . "  It 's like lifting weights to take a step . " Warren 's penis was "  buried " about a foot under his skin , Gelman said , but fully functional . A tunnel of sorts had formed from the tip to the top layer of his swollen skin , allowing Warren to urinate without assistance . How common is scrotal lymphedema ? It 's rare , especially in the United States . Definite numbers are difficult to come by , and the condition may be underdiagnosed due to physicians ' lack of awareness , Gelman said . Many patients with the condition are also obese and are simply instructed by their doctors to lose weight . How do you treat it ? Surgery is usually the best option to remove the swollen tissue , Gelman said . A surgeon who specializes in this type of procedure will cut a T-shape in the mass , identify the penis and testicles to make sure they are n't harmed and then excise the excess tissue . The surgeon will then use undamaged tissue to cover the penis and scrotum . How is Warren doing now ? Warren is walking again and enjoying life , Gelman said . He 'll need a follow-up surgery to remove some additional skin that was damaged by his condition . Gelman will perform a skin graft to cover the penis and scrotum . Um , what if I think I have it ? If you are experiencing the symptoms noted above , see a doctor as soon as possible . Ask for a referral to a specialist if your primary care physician is unfamiliar with these types of conditions . An unusually large scrotum can have a variety of causes , Gelman said . One of the most common is a hernia , in which a small part of the intestines enters the scrotum . Another cause is fluid buildup on one side of a man 's body between the testicle and the skin ; this is called hydrocele . All are treatable and usually not life-threatening unless left too long .	Wesley Warren struggled with a medical condition called scrotal lymphedema In the United States , it 's caused by blockages in the lymphatic vessels A patient 's enlarged scrotum can keep growing if left untreated , doctor says
CNN  Got an idea on how to make a flying aircraft carrier ? The Defense Department wants to know about it . The Defense Advanced Research Products Agency has a request out for ideas on how to develop an airborne platform that could both launch and recover other aircraft . But before you start looking for schematics of the Starship Enterprise  NCC-1701  or Battlestar Galactica , or how you might levitate the USS Nimitz , think a little smaller , like B-1 , B-52 or C-130 . DARPA wants ideas on how to turn those aircraft currently in the Pentagon inventory into platforms that could carry Unmanned Aerial Systems , what most folks call drones , close to their targets . The drones could then go about their business -- bombing , missile strikes , reconnaissance , etc. -- then fly back to the mother ship and head for home . This plan could add to the range of the drones and open up new missions they can not now undertake because of their limited range , DARPA says . As you consider your ideas , DARPA says you have to keep the cost low and they 'd like something they could demonstrate within four years . And do n't get long-winded . Your proposal should fit on eight , standard 8.5 - x 11-inch pages in 11-point type . And if you 're worried your big plans will fall into the hands of your competitors , do n't . DARPA promises all ideas will stay inside the Pentagon . The deadline is November 26 . Now get to work .	Pentagon wants aerial platform to carry drones Defense Advanced Research Products Agency is seeking proposals Pentagon wants to use existing aircraft to launch and recover drones
CNN  -- The presence of a decomposing human body is the only plausible explanation for the odor in Casey Anthony 's trunk and the results found in forensic testing , a scientist testified Monday in her capital murder trial . Testing was conducted on carpet samples from the trunk of the Pontiac Sunfire , along with a spare tire cover , scrapings from the wheel well , air samples and paper towels found in a trash bag that had been in the trunk , Arpad Vass , a senior research scientist at Tennessee 's Oak Ridge National Laboratory , testified in the Orlando , Florida , courtroom . Vass , who spent all day Monday on the stand , said he and his partners have , as part of their general research , identified some 30 compounds as significant in the human decomposition process . Seven of those were confirmed in Anthony 's trunk , he said . Of those , Vass testified under cross-examination by defense attorney Jose Baez , only five were considered because the other two were at trace levels . "  We were very , very conservative , " Vass said . Prosecutor Jeff Ashton asked Vass if , given the test results and his own observations regarding the odor , he believed a dead body had been in the trunk . "  I can find no other plausible explanation , other than that , to explain all the results we found , " Vass said . Casey Anthony , 25 , faces seven counts in the death of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading investigators . If convicted , she could face the death penalty . Caylee was last reported seen by her family on June 16 , 2008 , but no one alerted police until July 15 , when the girl 's grandmother , Casey Anthony 's mother , tracked Anthony down and demanded answers . Prosecutors allege Anthony used chloroform on her daughter and suffocated her by putting duct tape over the little girl 's mouth and nose . They allege Anthony put her daughter 's body in her car trunk before disposing of it . Caylee 's skeletal remains were found in December 2008 , less than a mile from the home of Anthony 's parents . Anthony has pleaded not guilty and denied having anything to do with her daughter 's death . Baez has said that when all the facts are known , it will become clear his client is innocent . The Orlando woman 's attorneys argue Caylee drowned in the family pool on June 16 , 2008 . They say Anthony and her father panicked and covered up the death . George Anthony denied the claim during his testimony . Earlier Monday , Vass testified the presence of chloroform on a carpet sample from the trunk was at a "  shockingly high " level -- far beyond what normally would be seen in environmental samples and higher than any he has seen in his nearly two decades of forensic study . "  The chloroform was shockingly high , unusually high , " Vass said . The same testing done on a "  control sample " of carpet from another Pontiac Sunfire , found in a junkyard , also showed chloroform , but the level was much lower -- "  trace amounts , " he testified . Laser-based testing of the carpet , and testing of the other items also showed the presence of elements and substances associated with decomposition , he said . Found in the wheel well scrapings was acetic acid , a byproduct both of decomposition and of the manufacture of chloroform , according to Vass . His testimony for the state was punctuated with objections from Anthony 's defense attorneys . Vass said as a control sample , scientists were able to find a blanket that a 3-year-old 's body was wrapped in and put into a car trunk for three months . "  The point of that was to confirm that compounds such as we saw in the Florida trunk , that were consistent with human decomposition , could be formed in that type of environment , " Bass said . In that test , four of the five compounds were present , he said . The only one not found was chloroform . On cross-examination , Baez tried to suggest Vass had a financial interest in the case , which he denied , and also tried to cast doubt on the testing methods , protocols and quality control . He tried to get Vass to say the fatty acids found on the paper towels could have been from meat , but Vass said it would have had to be raw meat with a high fat percentage and with bacteria normally found in human bodies . Vass also told Baez he was aware the media had been reporting his findings before they were finalized , and was unhappy about that . Baez did get Vass to acknowledge he is not currently a member of any professional organizations . Monday morning , Vass gave jurors in the trial a crash course in the stages of human decomposition and explained his nearly 20 years of study , some of which was done at "  The Body Farm , " the anthropological research facility located near the University of Tennessee campus . Vass said he was contacted by Orange County Sheriff 's Detective Yuri Melich and asked to examine evidence in the Anthony case . He then requested air samples from various points in Casey Anthony 's car . A crime scene investigator , the operator of a towing company and members of Anthony 's family all have testified they smelled a bad odor coming from Anthony 's car after it was found abandoned in a parking lot on June 27 , 2008 , and then towed four days later . The prosecution maintains the odor in the car was that of human decomposition , and says cadaver dogs also alerted to it . Vass testified the odor in the air samples he received was "  overwhelmingly strong . I was surprised that little can had so much odor associated with it . " He said he identified the odor as that of human decomposition . On Saturday , FBI trace evidence examiner Karen Lowe testified that a single hair found in the trunk of Anthony 's car was similar to that of Caylee and showed evidence of decomposition . The scientific testimony , which began Friday , marked a departure from the dramatic testimony and evidence offered in the first nine days of the trial , in which friends and acquaintances contradicted Anthony 's claims that she was frantically searching for her daughter during the month she was missing and before authorities were notified . Instead , Anthony was staying with her boyfriend , spending time in Orlando with numerous friends , attending parties , going shopping and hitting nightclubs , including participating in a "  hot body " contest , according to testimony in the case . Her former boyfriend , friends and acquaintances have all testified that she did not mention her daughter being missing during that time and that they noticed nothing different about her demeanor . Lowe testified Saturday how a 9-inch piece of hair found in Anthony 's car and sent to the FBI lab in Quantico , Virginia , appeared similar to a piece of hair recovered from a brush belonging to Caylee . But she said hair analysis is not as precise as DNA analysis , so she could not say with absolute certainty that the hair belonged to Caylee . She said she could not say how the hair got there . The hair had a dark band that Lowe testified has only been seen in hairs remaining in the scalp of a decomposing body . She also testified under questioning from Baez that while the hair is clearly not Casey Anthony 's , it could belong to any other light-haired relative on her mother 's side of the family . The kind of DNA testing authorities were able to perform on the sample reveals DNA passed down only through maternal lines . The hair in question was recovered after Anthony 's car was picked up from her family 's home , after it had been abandoned in a parking lot , towed to an impound lot and then driven back to the family home two weeks later by Anthony 's father . According to testimony , Anthony asked her boyfriend to pick her up from the parking lot on June 27 , saying the car had run out of gas . She also told a friend that she believed an animal carcass was lodged in her car 's frame . The car was towed to an impound lot on June 30 , 2008 , where a manager said he smelled the odor of decomposition . Testing of samples from the car 's interior and a bag of garbage that had been in the trunk , showed some relevant compounds , Vass testified Monday , but the majority were found "  in high abundance " in the carpet sample . "  We confirmed the carpet was the point source of the odor , " he said . Before prosecutors began presenting scientific evidence in the case on Friday , jurors watched recordings of jailhouse visits between Anthony and her parents . In one conversation played Friday , Anthony scoffed at a media report her mother brought up speculating that Caylee had drowned in the family swimming pool . "  Surprise , surprise , " Anthony said of the rumor , which is now the primary defense theory . Anthony 's defense team explains her behavior in the weeks following Caylee 's death by saying she had been sexually abused by her father and had been taught to conceal her pain . George Anthony has denied abusing his daughter . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Arpad Vass : Seven compounds consistent with decomposition were found Vass says the odor in air samples from the trunk was overwhelming Casey Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter Caylee in 2008 If convicted , she could face the death penalty
CNN  -- A fourth man was charged Tuesday with murder in the shooting death of University of Memphis football player Taylor Bradford , Memphis police said . Devin Jefferson , 21 , planned the armed robbery of Bradford because he thought the football player was carrying a large amount of cash , police said . "  He was the brain trust on this one , he was the one that got the information that Taylor had cash , " Sgt. Vince Higgins said . "  Taylor and Jefferson knew each other . They had a girlfriend in common so there was some history there . " Police investigating a car crash on September 30 found Bradford , 21 , fatally wounded near the campus residence hall area . He had apparently gotten into his car after he was shot and drove a short distance before crashing into a tree . The 5-foot-11 , 300-pound defensive lineman from Nashville was taken to Regional Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead . DaeShawn Tate , 21 , Victor Trezevant , 21 , and Courtney Washington , 22 , have been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery , Memphis Police Department Director Larry Godwin said Monday . Homicide investigators developed their case with the help of a citizen 's tip and from Crimestoppers , Godwin said . "  It was an attempted robbery , aggravated robbery , " he said . "  He -LSB- Bradford -RSB- was targeted because of some information that was out there and the fact that they believed he had some cash , or he had something that they wanted . " Officials at the 21,000-student school said Bradford , a marketing major who lived on campus , was popular with the football team and on the campus . He had transferred from Samford University in Birmingham , Alabama , and was 36 credit hours short of graduation . E-mail to a friend	Devin Jefferson , 21 , charged with murder in shooting death of football player University of Memphis athlete Taylor Bradford , 21 , found dead September 30 Three others in custody ; police say Jefferson was the "  brain trust " behind crime After player was shot , he got in his car , drove off and then crashed into a tree
I grew up in a Philadelphia suburb called Doylestown . Actually when my parents -- Philadelphia natives -- first moved there in the late 1970s , it barely qualified as a suburb ; cornfields and dairy farms still filled the open land around the quaint Victorian town center . It was , I recognize now , a lovely place to be a kid , if incredibly boring during the actual process of growing up . But even then I knew it was one thing : safe . There was little violent crime to speak of , especially compared with the crumbling city my parents had left . Blood-soaked local newscasts during the 1980s made it seem as if murder were Philadelphia 's No. 1 product -- and the City of Brotherly Love , where homicides peaked at 503 in 1990 , was hardly alone in being seen by Americans as fundamentally unsafe . It was the underlying message of nearly every TV cop show and film thriller made through the 1980s and '90s : The city is dangerous , and you 're lucky to get out alive . Many of America 's cities have become much safer in the years since , for reasons that range from better policing to the slowdown of the crack epidemic of the 1980s to the removal of lead from the environment . Even in Philadelphia , where the economy is still struggling and population has never recovered from the urban flight of the 1970s and '80s , there were 329 murders in 2012 , down significantly from the worst years a couple of decades ago . Other cities have experienced even more astounding turnarounds : in New York , where I live now , there were just 414 homicides in a city of 8.2 million , the lowest number in more than half a century . But those statistics are n't convincing the country that cities are getting safer : a 2011 Gallup poll found that most Americans continue to believe that the nation 's crime rate is getting worse , even though there 's been a sharp and sustained drop in murders and other violent assaults since the mid-1990s . Perception -- no doubt fueled in part by the media -- beats reality . But even with crime down , surely it 's still safer to live in the quiet countryside than it is in the city ? It turns out that 's not true . According to a new study  PDF  published today in the Annals of Emergency Medicine , large cities in the United States are significantly safer than rural areas . The risk of injury death -- which counts both violent crime and accidents -- is more than 20 % higher in the countryside than it is in large urban areas . "  Perceptions have long existed that cities were innately more dangerous than areas outside of cities , but our study shows this is not the case , " said the lead author , Dr. Sage R. Myers of the University of Pennsylvania and the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia in a statement . Far from being violent death traps , a large city might just about be the safest place to live in the United States . TIME.com : Get the lead out of poor countries Now it 's true that the risk of homicide is greater in big cities than it is in the countryside . But the study , which analyzed 1,295,919 deaths from injury between 1999 and 2006 , found the rate of dying from an unintentional injury is over 15 times higher than that of homicide for the population as a whole . Whether you live in rural areas or the city , you 're much less likely to die from a gunshot wound -- either from someone else or self-inflicted -- than you are in a simple accident . Especially car crashes , which make up the bulk of unintentional injury deaths -- motor-vehicle-injury-related deaths occurred at a rate that is more than 1.4 times higher than the next leading cause of death . The study does n't attempt to explain why injury death is more common in rural areas than large urban ones , but some of the statistics are telling . The risk of firearm-related death showed no difference across the rural-urban spectrum for the population as a whole , but varied when divided up by age -- firearm deaths were significantly higher for children and people ages 45 and older , while for people ages 20 to 44 , the risk of firearm deaths were much higher in urban areas . I 'd wager some of that comes down to differences in gun ownership : more households have firearms in rural areas than in urban ones , and sadly , too many gun owners keep their firearms where their children can reach them . The result can be tragic . At the same time , the bulk of victims killed by homicide are young men , according to FBI statistics . And they are more likely to be shot and killed in the cities . TIME.com : Ranking North America 's greenest cities But guns -- whether used accidentally or with intent -- are much less likely to be the cause of death than another tool : cars . And people drive more , drive longer , drive faster and drive drunker in rural areas than in urban ones , where they can walk or take public transit . Motor-vehicle crashes led to 27.61 deaths per 100,000 people in most rural areas , and just 10.58 deaths per 100,000 people . Those are stark statistics , and they do n't even take into account the cardiovascular benefits that may accrue to urbanites who spend more time walking than riding in cars . It 's not for nothing that New Yorkers , who live in the densest urban area in the U.S. , live about 2.2 years longer than the national average . Of course , not all cities are equally safe -- Chicago has seen a terrifying rise in gun deaths in recent years , and there 's nothing safe about a bankrupt and broken city like Detroit , where it can take 58 minutes on average for police to answer a 911 call .  Even there most urban areas have an advantage , though -- you 're likely to be much closer to the nearest hospital in a dense city than the spread-out countryside , and minutes matter when it comes to trauma . But the numbers do n't lie -- as scary as we may think urban crime is , the threats that are prevalent in rural areas are statistically more dangerous . We already know that the best way to shrink your carbon footprint is to move to a dense city . Now it turns out that it might be the best way to stay alive too . This story was originally published on TIME.com	The risk of injury death is more than 20 % higher in the country than it is in urban areas Most Americans believe that the nation 's crime rate is getting worse You 're much less likely to die from a gunshot wound than you are in a simple accident
CNN  -- America is facing the greatest health care challenges in its history . Unprecedented demand is a certainty . According to the Department of Health and Human Services ' Administration on Aging and U.S. Census Bureau statistics , the number of Americans 65 and older has exploded by a full 6 million in the past decade to over 13 % of the overall population , while the population of "  oldest old " -- those 85 and older -- has increased by a factor of 10 from the 1950s to today 's 6 million . Older people harbor the most disabling diseases , including heart disease , cancer , stroke and dementia : the diseases that depend most on specialist care and complex technology for diagnosis , management and treatment . Yet the Obama administration has wrongheadedly focused on shifting Americans to government insurance . Of the 8.5 million individuals newly insured under Obamacare at the end of the first half of 2014 , more than 6 million were enrolled into Medicaid , based on analysis by Edmund Haislmaier and Drew Gonshorowski of The Heritage Foundation using Centers for Medicaid and Medicare data . After the law 's Medicaid expansion and with the population aging into Medicare eligibility , the 107 million under Medicaid or Medicare in 2013 rapidly increases to 135 million just five years later , according to CMS projections . By the end of the decade , a full 140 million Americans will have their health care access directly controlled by the U.S. government , a growth rate far higher than private insurance . The problem is that government insurance does not correspond to access to medical care , nor does it imply good health outcomes . Medicaid is already refused by more than half of doctors across America , according to 2013 data from a 2014 Merritt Hawkins survey . Likewise , more than 20 % of primary care doctors already accept no new Medicare patients , five times the percentage who refuse new privately insured patients . In 2012 alone , CMS reported that almost 10,000 doctors opted out of Medicare , tripling from 2009 . And , counter to the administration 's demonization of private insurers , it is Medicare that consistently ranks at the top of the charts for the highest rates of claim refusals , more than nearly all the comparison private insurers every year , according to the AMA 's 2013 National Health Insurer Report Cards . Here is another important reality to consider . Virtually all patients with serious diseases today are managed by specialists and with advanced technology . For seniors , visits to specialists have increased from 37 % of visits two decades ago to 55 % today . And that 's appropriate , because those are the doctors who have necessary training and expertise to use the complex diagnostic tests and devices , state-of-the-art procedures , and novel drugs of modern medicine . Fittingly , Americans unambiguously prioritize the latest medical technology . Surveys by Harris/Wall Street Journal Online demonstrate that 80 % of Americans say being able to get the most advanced tests , drugs and medical procedures and equipment is "  very important " or "  absolutely essential " ; 67 % say that technologies like digital imaging and advances in health information will improve patient care and/or reduce medical costs , while only 10 % think these advances cost more than they are worth . In a Health Affairs study , Americans showed a 50 % higher interest in new medical discoveries than citizens of Western European nations . We often hear of the Association of American Medical College projected shortage of primary care doctors , but little attention is paid to the fact that almost two-thirds of the 2025 doctor shortage of 124,000 will be in specialists , not in primary care . Yet this administration has been naively prioritizing generalist care at the expense of specialists . The government 's Medicare Payment Advisory Commission already recommended substantial cuts to specialists -- 16.7 % over 3 years and then frozen , equivalent to a 50 % decrease after the decade , considering inflation . It is counterproductive to restrict the autonomy and cut salaries of those who we need the most , thereby reducing the job 's attractiveness to the best and brightest who already have a wide range of career choices . More directly , Obamacare is eliminating access to many of the best specialists and best hospitals for middle-income Americans . To meet the law 's requirements , major insurers all across the country are declining to participate in the exchanges , or only offering plans that exclude many of America 's best doctors and hospitals . McKinsey reported 68 % of Obamacare insurance options only cover narrow or very narrow provider networks , double that of one year ago . For cancer care , the overwhelming majority of America 's best hospitals in the National Comprehensive Cancer Network -- including MD Anderson Cancer Center , New York 's Memorial Sloan-Kettering , Barnes Hospital in St. Louis and the Seattle Cancer Care Alliance -- are not covered in most of their states ' exchange plans . The "  narrow network " strategy is about to hit even more Americans in 2015 , as Obamacare exchanges from California to New Hampshire further restrict access to top doctors and hospitals in an attempt to quell insurance premium increases caused by the law itself . The fact is that Obamacare transforms American health care toward an antiquated , generalist system and significantly reduces health care choices that Americans hold dear . While the President and his Democrat allies claim that there has been no alternative offered , more than half a dozen Republican health care proposals increase choices for families and increase access to the best doctors via competition and individual empowerment . Voters who prioritize freedom of choice and quality in health care should look to the Republicans to reset the course of America 's health care system to one that holds true to American values while advancing access to specialist care and advanced technology .	Scott Atlas : As America 's population ages , millions more qualify for Medicare He says the Affordable Care Act is putting the majority of newly insured under Medicaid Atlas : Well over 100 million will be covered by government programs that offer less choice GOP health care changes would offer more choice , more access to technology , he says
CNN  -- This story is about how to know when to give up on a man , and when to stick with him . It 's about Chris Johnson . I did n't know who Johnson was before this NFL season began . I have n't closely followed football since Joe Namath led my home team , the New York Jets , to victory in Super Bowl III , 42 Super Bowls ago . Now that I 've been sucked into a fantasy football league by my extended family , I know Chris Johnson . He was a top draft choice for my team . The computer picked him . In fact , all ESPN fantasy football leagues chose Chris Johnson in their drafts this year . That 's how good he was . He did n't even show up for the pre-season until his team , the Tennessee Titans , agreed to sign a contract worth more than $ 50 million . Johnson was a fantasy football owner 's fantasy man . The hero falls down a hole Week 1 : Johnson 's first game of the year is a bust -- 24 yards on nine carries . My son , who 's in elementary school , is an unusually good strategic thinker for his age . "  Let 's trade him , " he says . "  We ca n't trade Chris Johnson , " I tell him . I want to teach my son the value of patience . You do n't give up on a human being after one bad performance . A friend who follows the NFL reinforces the patience theme . "  You ca n't trade Johnson , " he says . "  He 's explosive . He was off his stride the first game because he missed the pre-season holding out for that big contract . " Week 2 : Another bomb . Fifty-three yards on 24 carries . I know this about football . It takes 10 yards to get a first down . Johnson is averaging less than three yards a carry . Could it be -- I 'd need to punt Johnson ? More pleas from my son to trade . I can see the writing on the wall : One bad week as a father -- "  Mom , trade Dad . " Week 3 : Johnson 's worst game yet . I start reading the fantasy football sports columnists . These are real sports columnists who write about fantasy teams comprised of real players arranged in fantasy lineups chosen by real people . Some are losing faith in Johnson , but hope still prevails . "  Wait and see " is their collective advice . Week 4 : Finally , a 100-yard game . Not a blockbuster . But a glimmer of hope . Week 5 : The glimmer disappears . I come across an ESPN.com photo showing Johnson 's offensive line was n't creating big holes for him . At the same time , there are less-obvious holes Johnson is n't seeing -- champions have to create their own opportunities . My son 's voice -- "  Trade him , dad , trade him ! " -- rings in my ears . The hero , hopeless I come across a Sports Illustrated cover story from last year with Johnson 's photo : "  Crash course : Hard hits and short careers , " in which SI 's Tim Layden writes that , at 24 , Johnson is at the height of his powers . "  Johnson rushes with a palpable urgency befitting a man who runs a 4.24 in the 40 , a speed all but unheard of in a running back . And he 's urgent away from the field as well . Despite having three years remaining on the rookie contract he signed out of East Carolina in July 2008 , he had his deal restructured just before the start of training camp , reportedly quadrupling in his salary for 2010 . Because Johnson knows he is also this : endangered . " Endangered ? My first draft pick -- endangered . Why ? Why , according to the NFL Players Association , is the average running back 's career 2.6 years ? "  We get hit on every play , " then-Redskins ' running back Larry Johnson tells SI . "  On every one of those hits , we 're the hittee , not the hitter . We run the ball , guys are taking shots at our legs , our hips . Then when we 're not running the ball , we 're pass-blocking , which means some strong safety or outside linebacker is getting a 30 yard run at us while we 're stationary . " Week 6 : Johnson 's team , the Tennessee Titans , had a bye . A week off . We hoped a week of rest and reflection would be enough for Johnson to explode when he returned . By this point , my son knows not to ask about trading : He knows no team owners in our league would take Johnson . Week 7 : Johnson 's worst game yet . Ten carries . Eighteen yards . I 'm thinking the Titans should draft me . Weeks 8 and 9 : Well , the rhythm of this tale does n't change . What now ? So , here we are on the eve of week 10 . Some of the real/fantasy sports writers are so fed up with Johnson , they 're saying it 's time to just drop him . Nothing in return . Just let the $ 50 million fantasy man go . But you know what ? Now is the time I want to keep Johnson more than ever . I ca n't help rooting for an underdog . I know that every champion has been an underdog at least once . Forget the conventional wisdom of sports writers . I 'm reaching out to the Association for Applied Sports Psychology . Head games Glenn Pfenninger , head of the Ignite Performance Group in Dallas , Texas , says he and I have a lot in common . He 's a fantasy football guy , too . We both own Chris Johnson . I 'm doing a real interview and my expert is stuck in the fantasy world . I transition him back softly . "  What would you do to help Chris Johnson if you could ? " "  Have Johnson put together a highlight reel and watch some of his greater plays , " he says . "  See that he can be explosive . Mentally envision doing that on a more consistent basis . That 's good for him whether he 's lacking in confidence right now or not . " Have him and his offensive line spend more time together . Watch tapes together . Get to know each other better . Are you listening , Titans ? Please , get the word to Johnson and the offensive line . Another call : It 's Eddie O'Connor , clinical sports psychologist . He describes himself as an NFL addict . He consults with athletes , coaches and parents at all levels of play . "  When I see performance slump , " O'Connor says , "  it 's almost always related to a lack of focus . " Maybe , now that Johnson has a great contract , he 's not as motivated . Perhaps he 's "  stuck on his bad performance , so his focus is on not making mistakes . "  When you focus on what you do n't want to do , you 're not thinking about what you do want to do . The time it takes to translate ` do n't ' into ` do ' is too long for performance in sport . " So how can we help our fantasy man ? Start with what 's worked in the past and get in the moment . "  If you 're not completely in the moment , " O'Connor warns , "  if you 're thinking about the past or the future , you 're missing details . You 're not interacting with what 's right in front of you . You 're trapped in the past or future . " And if you miss details , your performance in any area of life will suffer . I 'm so in the moment , I do n't even realize this piece is twice as long as it 's supposed to be . OK . Three times . More head games Carol Dweck , a psychology professor at Stanford University , has documented the kind of praise that helps children  and adults  succeed , and the kind that hurts . "  You need to praise the process , strategies , persistence , taking on of challenges . That 's what builds resilience , " Dweck says . "  When you tell kids they 're brilliant , they become afraid of making a mistake -- afraid you 'll rescind your gifted label . "  When they have a setback or difficulty they have trouble figuring out what to do next . They think ` Gee , I guess I 'm not so great . What do I do now ? ' " A $ 50 million contract can put someone into a "  fixed mindset . " It 's an idea , she says , like " ` Some people have it . Some do n't . I have it . ' " "  The problem with this mindset , " she says , "  is that you have to prove that you have it all the time . "  Every play becomes a referendum on whether you have it or not . " The alternative , Dweck says , is a "  growth mindset , " an idea that " ` I 'm this person who works hard , who learns constantly . ' Then when you have a few bad games you say , ` Hey , what am I doing wrong ? ' " and try to correct it . That growth mindset is what 's needed to get our Chris Johnson back on track . So here we are , loaded with insight , rooting for a comeback , cheering for the underdog . I still believe Chris Johnson will be a hero on my fantasy team and on his real team . Before I finish writing , I get an e-mail from another psychologist , Robert Simmermon in Atlanta . I 'd asked him how a standout can come back from a deep , deep slump . "  In the hero 's journey , " he writes , "  the hero who was on top , the greatest , in the journey home , falls into a deep hole . All is lost and all but a few of the most loyal remain hopeful . One by one , the loyal give up hope . It is the darkest hour . Then , there is a rumbling . It is slight , then more potent until ; THE GIANT PHOENIX IS THRUST OUT OF THE HOLE . THE HERO ON THE BACK OF THIS MAGNIFICENT BIRD IS ALIVE AND WELL . HE IS READY TO CONTINUE AND FINISH HIS QUEST . " That 's where fantasy meets reality . Hopefully this Sunday . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Schulder .	Michael Schulder : Titans running back Chris Johnson was a top fantasy football pick Johnson is slumping in real life , and ruining the fantasy , Schulder says Schulder : Experts say it could be a lack of focus , lack of routine or the wrong mindset I still have hope for Johnson , fantasy and reality , Schulder says
CNN  -- "  Which is more important -- the customer being king or the employees being highly motivated  keeping in mind reduction of operating expenses and being competitive  ? " - Ronald Mahondo , I&M Bank , Kenya The customer is king . The customer is always right . These are phrases that have been with us for a while . As business and marketing environments have become tougher , it 's true that those companies that have found out what the king wants -- and provided it -- have been successful . This would make it easy , if only it was clear which king to ask . Many companies draw a distinction between "  consumers , " those who are the end-user of a product or service , and "  customers , " those who are the trade , distributors and so on . This kind of customer is very powerful indeed -- especially if they are Wal-Mart or Tescos . So which customer is more king than the other ? And what if they do n't agree on what they want ? Sounds like war . In global companies the complexity rises . They have consumers and customers , but it 's also common that employees of that company are also customers of other employees . A trend at the moment is that regional employees are customers for central employees . Motivation and , more importantly , aligned goals , are absolutely critical to success . Getting this wrong can be costly in many ways -- not least in morale , time and money . The real truth is that this is not a question of "  or . " Customer and employee satisfaction and motivation are critical . The challenge is to create a virtuous circle . Motivated employees are a great way of delivering what the customer wants , be that service , fast moving consumer goods , innovation , or anything else , and happy customers make employees feel rewarded . Of course , the virtuous circle has to start somewhere . In creative industries such as ours , often the job is to stretch further than the customer can see . They can tell you what they like today , but tomorrow looks misty and murky . A motivated group of creative individuals love nothing more than the art of invention , the creation of the new , the alchemy of an idea . If you want a king , it 's the idea , not the customer or the employee . Being competitive comes from having better ideas than your competition : an idea about targeting a particular group of people , an idea about a new product , an idea about how or where to distribute it , or an idea about how to advertise it . In 1944 James Webb Young , an employee of JWT , defined an idea as "  nothing more or less than a new combination of old elements . " It 's a definition that we continue to find very useful today . Your customers are an excellent source of the familiar ; a highly motivated employee will most likely be the one who combines the familiar in a new way , creating the idea , and the competitive edge . On my way to work this morning with a trainload of people in glorious iPod isolation , I wondered what kind of company Apple would be today if the employees had been thinking the customer was king instead of working out how to combine some music with a little bit of one of their computers .	Motivation and aligned goals are absolutely critical to success Being competitive comes from having better ideas than your competition JWT idea : "  nothing more or less than a new combination of old elements "
CNN  -- NBC News veteran John Palmer -- who worked the White House beat during two presidential administrations and anchored the network 's initial coverage of the space shuttle Challenger disaster -- died Saturday , the network announced . The Kingsport , Tennessee , native , 77 , passed away after a brief illness , according to NBC . "  John was a brilliant , brave and tireless journalist who guided viewers through many of the most significant events of the past half-century -- from the early days of the civil rights movement through the tragedy of 9/11 , " NBC News said in a statement . "  He covered five presidents and traveled to every corner of the world , always showing the empathy and compassion that helped set him apart . " A graduate of Northwestern University and Columbia University , Palmer joined NBC in 1962 . He spent considerable time overseas earlier in his tenure with the network , including in Beirut during the October 1973 Arab-Israeli war and in Paris between 1976 and 1979 . By 1980 , Palmer was back in the United States -- including his reporting on the failed attempt to rescue American hostages in Iran , which earned him the Merriman Smith Memorial Award for presidential news coverage -- as a White House correspondent . He was a news anchor on NBC 's "  Today " from 1982 to 1989 . Palmer interviewed the likes of Egyptian leader Anwar Sadat , legendary medical researcher Jonas Salk and Presidents Gerald Ford , Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan as the anchor of "  Instant Recall , " a nationally syndicated news program , starting in 1990 . That was the year he left NBC , going on to work parts of three years with Monitor Radio and Television as an anchor and correspondent . Palmer rejoined NBC in January 1995 , staying with the network through his retirement in 2002 . News of Palmer 's death spurred an outpouring of admiration from people around the news media landscape . The Washington Post 's Dan Balz called the late NBC stalwart "  a terrific journalist " and "  very good man . " Deborah Norville , who replaced Palmer as news anchor on the "  Today " show , recalled via Twitter him being "  kind , welcoming  and  helpful to me years ago . " CBS News ' Mark Knoller echoed many in calling Palmer a "  great gentleman and a great reporter , " while former Atlantic and Bloomberg reporter Jared Keller described him as "  a wonderful friend and one of my journalistic role models . " "  There was no one in the news business kinder than John Palmer , " Keller tweeted . "  No one . " People we 've lost in 2013	NEW : Journalists recall Palmer as a "  great gentleman and a great reporter " John Palmer dies after a brief illness , NBC announces He worked for NBC between 1962-1990 , then from 1995-2002 Palmer distinguished himself covering world events , multiple presidents
CNN  -- Every day , more than 500 ships from all corners of the globe set out to navigate the bustling waters of the English Channel . Huge merchant vessels carrying every category of cargo imaginable -- from iron ore to wheat , and from crude oil to sugar -- sail amongst fishing vessels , passenger ferries , pleasure craft and more unorthodox traffic such as swimmers . Keeping this narrow body of water that separates England and France clear is vital for a wide range of economic as well as recreational travel purposes . See also : Introducing the world 's biggest ship But as passenger and cargo vessels become longer , wider and more frequent , ensuring a smooth passageway in a straight just 34 kilometers  21 miles  across at its shortest navigable point has come to represent a considerable logistical challenge . "  It is the busiest shipping lane in the world , " explained senior watch manager of the Dover coastguard , Tony Evans . " And this is not including small pleasure craft  and  motorboats . " "  Today we have 12 attempts at swimming the Channel . Obviously that has some bearing on the traffic in the fact that vessels may need to take action to avoid them , " he added . Sailing safe seas Given the waterway 's strategic importance , it is perhaps little surprise that the English Channel has long been at the vanguard of maritime planning and safety . The world 's first sea-traffic separation scheme was set up here in 1972 creating two lanes of traffic that ships must follow to avoid collisions . Vessels traveling north have to use the French side , whilst the English lane is used for those traveling south . The basic premise of this system still exists today . See also : Can Danube boost European trade ? Further lanes that dictate the flow of traffic from east and west -- east towards the North Sea and ports in Northern Europe and west towards the Atlantic Ocean -- have also been formed on both the English and French sides of the Channel  see traffic movement in video below  . Today these routes are regularly plied by some of the biggest cargo ships on earth , including the recently launched Maersk Triple E which at 400 meters long is the world 's largest operational vessel . Coastguard duties According to Kaimes Beasley of the Dover based Channel Navigation Information Service , such high-value ships passing through the Channel mean coastguards in both England and France must be more organized and vigilant than ever before . "  The nature of the vessel traffic over the years has become significantly larger , " Beasley explained . "  The navigational challenges remain the same ,  in terms of topography , sandbanks and congestion  . It is the job of the officers on watch of the vessels to make sure they navigate safely . " See also : Eight of the world 's biggest infrastructure projects To help with their daily duties , officers can call on a range of state-of-the-art tools to help direct and monitor maritime traffic . Detailed radar screens provide a real-time snapshot of all ships on the channel at any given moment . Automated Identification Systems  AIS  meanwhile present information on the larger vessels in the area , such as their size , name , course , destination and traveling speed . All vessels that weigh over 300 tons are automatically tracked by satellite . A captain 's view For those at sea , these hi-tech systems and services offer valuable guidance as well as reassurance . Many ships have similar access to AIS systems ensuring they are aware of what is around them at all times . "  The ships have got much larger and therefore ... the technology has had to increase to match it , " explained David Miller , senior captain of the Spirit of Britain passenger ferry . "  The basic concept of seamanship has been replaced by integrated electronic systems , " he added . Silk Road railways link Asia and Europe But while such advanced technology has been a welcome development , Miller also points out the fundamental rules that govern movement on the Channel remain the same . "  The rules of the road are there for us all to obey them and if there is a risk of a collision we will follow  them  , " Miller said . "  As long as everybody observes  these  rules then there 's room for us all . " Find out more about The Gateway and when you can watch the show on CNN here	The English Channel is home to the world 's busiest shipping lanes More than 500 vessels pass through the straight that is only 34 kilometers across at its shortest navigable point Some of the world 's biggest cargo ships ply the Channel alongside smaller objects such as yachts , fishing boats and swimmers
CNN  -- When a new president strolls into the White House , there 's a kick in his step and a twinkle in his eyes . This photo illustration projects what President-elect Barack Obama may look like in four years . But as the years go by , the high-stakes decisions , constant criticisms and the fluctuating public opinion chip away at the president . His shoulders slump a little and his energy may seem sapped . The president ages twice as fast while in office , according to a theory advanced by Dr. Michael Roizen , a chief wellness officer at the Cleveland Clinic . "  The typical person who lives one year ages one year , " he said . "  The typical president ages two years for every year they are in office . " Using public information , Roizen looked through medical records of previous presidents back to Theodore Roosevelt . Assessing factors such as diet , blood pressure , physical activity and lifestyle habits , he calculated that the leader of the free world ages more quickly . Roizen , who is the author of "  RealAge : Are You as Young as You Can Be ? " has not assessed the "  real age " of President-elect Barack Obama , who is 47 , because of lack of medical data . "  Barack Obama is a fairly young guy and does n't have great of a risk , " Roizen said . "  If he 's president for eight years , he ends up having the risk of disability or dying , like someone who is 16 years older . " Former president Bill Clinton entered the office with a robust head of salt-and-pepper hair and a healthy habit of running . After bitter partisan battles , the Monica Lewinsky scandal , and impeachment by the House , Clinton left office with wrinkles and powder-white hair . "  Chronic stress can produce lots of wear and tear on the body , " said James A. McCubbin , a Clemson University professor of psychology and senior associate dean of the College of Business and Behavioral Science . "  This is what we see in the changes in the appearance in the beginning and end of the presidency . " Roizen points to the experience of Ronald Reagan . "  When Reagan came into office , he stood up absolutely straight . He was joking and incredibly quick-witted about current events . When he left office , he was hunched over . The age signs on face was there . His jokes were those of olden days rather than current events , " he said . See the toll of the presidency " On Wednesday , Obama , President George W. Bush , and all three living former presidents -- Jimmy Carter , George Herbert Walker Bush , and Clinton -- are meeting in the Oval Office and then having lunch together at the White House . After eight draining years in the Oval Office , an outgoing president like George W. Bush can reverse the tolls of stress by exercising and spending time with friends , Roizen says . "  Do as many healthy things as you can adopt , " Roizen suggested . "  The main thing he should do is finding what he wants to do with the rest of his life , which is tough for presidents to find something meaningful to do . " During his second term , Bush dealt with a troubled war , a struggling economy , and sagging approval ratings . But the avid runner , mountain biker and fisherman showed that his reflexes have n't slowed . "  I mean , did you see him dodge that shoe ? " said David Zinczenko , editor-in-chief of Men 's Health magazine , referring to a December news conference in Iraq where an Iraqi journalist threw his shoes at the president and Bush swiftly ducked the flying footwear . Twice . The incoming president is also no slacker . Although accused by California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger of having skinny legs , Obama regularly frequents the gym and plays basketball . The president-elect was on the cover of Men 's Health in November . "  This is not a broccoli-shunning , pork rind-eating , McDonald 's - popping guy . I mean , this is someone who eats arugula and guacamole and Hawaiian pizza , " Zinczenko told CNN . Watch a report on presidential aging " "  If the worst that happens is that your hair goes a little gray , so be it . " Many recent presidents have turned to sports to decompress . Presidents have enjoyed mountain biking  George W. Bush  , golf  Clinton , Gerald Ford , Dwight D. Eisenhower  , tennis  Ford , Carter , George H.W. Bush  , jogging  Clinton , Carter and both Bushes  , swimming  Ford  , bowling  Richard Nixon  , horseshoes  George H.W. Bush  and horseback riding  Reagan  . Check out projected aging of other political leaders "  The daily routine of a president is really grueling , " Ron Nessen , Ford 's press secretary , told CNN . "  It 's hard to get thinking time . Ford talked about how when he was swimming laps , it gave him time to think about things . " During the Democratic primaries , Obama worked out at the gym in the Cleveland Clinic the morning of his debate with then-rival Hilary Clinton . Living up to his nickname "  No Drama Obama , " the candidate was remarkably calm , considering a high-stakes debate was to take place that night , Roizen recalled . "  Maybe he will age better , because he handles stress better , " he said . "  The fact that he smokes means he still has inner stress . " Retaining a close group of friends and confidants is an important way to reduce the isolation of the presidency , Roizen said . CNN 's Alina Cho and David S. Martin contributed to this report .	Presidents age twice as fast , says a theory by expert on aging at Cleveland Clinic Analysis determined by looking at medical records of previous presidents Tolls of stress can be reversed with healthy habits , says Dr. Michael Roizen Roizen : Obama has good fitness habits of exercising , but smoking does n't help
Atlanta  CNN  -- The defense attorney for one of two teenagers charged with fatally shooting a Georgia baby in the face spoke Wednesday about evidence in the case , saying speculation about the crime and evidence is complicating preparations for next month 's trial . Public defender Kevin Gough , who represents De'Marquise "  Marky " Elkins , said media reports have focused on "  evidence selectively disclosed by the police . " The investigation and prosecution have been "  heavy-handed , " he said , and "  the state chooses to ignore obvious leads that are inconsistent with the state 's theory of the case . " Gough said he issued his four-page statement because of an overwhelming number of media inquiries , and he said it would be his last before the trial in three weeks . Elkins and another teenager , Dominique Lang , have been charged with murder in the March 21 killing of 13-month-old Antonio Santiago . They were 17 and 14 at the time , respectively . The case has drawn national attention for the horrific nature of the child 's death . The child 's mother , Sherry West , has said two teenagers approached her in the street in broad daylight . One pointed a gun at her and told her that if she did n't give him her money he would shoot her and shoot her baby . West said that the teen fired at her , hitting her in one leg and barely missing her head . The teen then shot her child in the face , she said . Baby 's death marks 2nd time Georgia mom loses a son to violence Gough said the case against his client is best described as circumstantial . "  Contrary to speculation by some , there is no evidence of gunshot residue on Marky Elkins or upon his clothing . There is no murder weapon . There is no confession , " he said in his statement . He said defense theories are evolving as the evidence develops , and he predicted further developments in the coming weeks . "  Much of what has been said about Mr. Elkins has been unkind , and much of that discussion has been based on false assumptions and misinformation , " he said . Asked about Gough 's statement on the gunshot residue , Mark Spaulding , a spokesman for the Glynn County district attorney 's office , said , "  We do n't have a comment on the record . " Elkins ' mother , aunt and sister have also been arrested on various charges alleging that they have hindered the investigation . The sister , Sabrina Elkins , was named in a grand jury indictment accusing her of helping her mother get rid of the gun authorities say was used to kill the child . Police found that gun in a pond more than two miles from where the shooting happened . Gough said more witnesses should not be afraid to come forward . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Kevin Gough represents teenage suspect De'Marquise Elkins He says police have selectively disclosed evidence He says no gunshot residue was found on his client The 13-month-old was shot in the face in March
CNN  -- Women 's tennis No. 1 Victoria Azarenka is looking forward to more success despite the end of her perfect start to 2012 . The Belorussian had won 26 successive matches going into Wednesday 's Miami Masters quarterfinal -- the best start to a season since Martina Hingis went 37-0 in 1997 . However , the Australian Open champion suffered a shock defeat by French seventh seed Marion Bartoli , who will face world No. 5 Agnieszka Radwanska in Thursday 's semis after the Pole ended the comeback of Venus Williams . "  What I 've done in the last couple of months , I have to be really proud of myself , " the 22-year-old Azarenka told the tournament 's official website after her 6-3 6-3 loss . "  I could have maybe played better today , that 's for sure , but I gave it all I had . But Marion played really well today , and she deserves the win . What else can I say ? I have to look forward . " Defending champion Azarenka had won eight of her previous 10 meetings with the 2007 Wimbledon runner-up , including January 's Sydney International where Bartoli lost despite leading in both sets . "  I was up 5-2 in the first set and 4-1 in the second set , and I lost both , " the 27-year-old Bartoli said . "  So I knew I had to stay really mentally tough and not show her anything . "  Even when I lost those three games in a row , I did n't get down on myself -- I had this positive energy . I was able to turn the match around again and step inside the court and play some great points . " Fifth seed Radwanska booked her place in the last four with a commanding 6-4 6-1 win over former world No. 1 Williams , who was playing in her first tournament for seven months . Seven-time grand slam winner Williams had not played on the WTA Tour since withdrawing from last year 's U.S. Open , having been diagnosed with Sjogren 's syndrome -- an incurable condition which causes pain in the joints and fatigue . "  I did n't have a good day , " said the 31-year-old Williams , who has won the tournament three times andw as runner-up in 2010 . "  Unfortunately , I just could n't press the issue . I do n't feel like she did anything special . I just could n't . I could n't get myself to do it today . "  If I 'm not feeling my best , then it becomes mental and I have to fight , and you have to fight and fight and fight . Today I just I did n't conquer it mentally . I have to be there mentally more than the next player . " The winner of the Radwanska-Bartoli evening match will take on either former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki or four-time grand slam winner Maria Sharapova , who meet in Thursday 's opening semifinal . Meanwhile , two-time Miami champion Kim Clijsters is facing four weeks out after injuring her right hip during her third-round defeat to fellow Belgian Yanina Wickmayer . "  The current prognosis is that Kim will have to recover for four weeks first , " read a statement on the four-time grand slam winner 's website . " As soon as she has returned to Belgium , she will have additional tests . " The 28-year-old is aiming to return at the Madrid Masters in May ahead of the season 's second grand slam event , the French Open .	Victoria Azarenka suffers her first loss of 2012 to Marion Bartoli at the Miami Masters World No. 1 Azarenka had started the year with a 26-match winning streak Polish fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska into the last four after beating Venus Williams Two-time Miami champion Kim Clijsters to be sidelined for a month with hip injury
In 1990 , a 25-year-old researcher for Amnesty International , stuck on a train stopped on the tracks between London and Manchester , stared out the window for hours . To those around her , no doubt rustling newspapers and magazines , busily rifling through work , the young woman no doubt appeared to be little more than a space cadet , wasting her time , zoning out . But that woman came to be known as JK Rowling . And in those idle hours daydreaming out the train window , she has said that the entire plot of the magical Harry Potter series simply "  fell into " her head . Mark Twain , during an enormously productive summer of writing in 1874 , spent entire days daydreaming in the shade of Quarry Farm in New York , letting his mind wander , thinking about everything and nothing at all , and , in the end , publishing "  The Adventures of Tom Sawyer . " Such creative breakthroughs in leisurely moments are hardly unique to literature . Physicist Richard Feynman idly watched students in the cafeteria goof off by spinning plates . For the fun of it , he began to make calculations of the wobbles . That "  piddling around , " as he called it , led to developing the Feynman diagrams to explain quantum electrodynamics , which resulted in a Nobel Prize . Legend has it not only that Archimedes had his "  eureka ! " moment about water displacement while relaxing in the tub , but that Einstein worked out the Theory of Relativity while tootling around on his bicycle . Though Protestant work ethic-driven Americans have tended to worry about the devil holding sway in idle time , it turns out idle time is crucial for creativity , innovation and breakthrough thinking . And now we know why . Neuroscience is finding that when we are idle , our brains are most active . It all has to do with something called the brain 's default mode network , explains Andrew Smart , a human factors research scientist and author of the new book , "  Autopilot , the Art & Science of Doing Nothing . " The default mode network is like a series of airport hubs in different and typically unconnected parts of the brain . And that 's why it 's so crucial . When the brain flips into idle mode , this network subconsciously puts together stray thoughts , makes seemingly random connections and enables us to see an old problem in an entirely new light . Using brain scans , psychologists John Kounios and Mark Beeman have found that just before that moment of insight , the brain turns inward , what they call a "  brain blink , " and lights up an area believed to be linked to our ability to understand the poetry of metaphors . A positive mood and taking time to relax , they found , were critical precursors to these a-ha ! moments . That 's not to say that being idle all the time is the answer . Sir Isaac Newton was steeped in the study of physical science when he sat in his garden in a "  contemplative mood , " idly sipping tea after dinner one evening , noticed an apple fall straight to the ground , and came up with the Law of Gravity . "  To be most creative , you need this oscillation between deep study with focused attention and daydreaming , which is why you may have your great ideas when you 're in the shower , " Smart told me . "  They can come into your consciousness when you 're not busy . " Smart himself typically takes long , leisurely walks during the workday and carries a notebook with him to capture any interesting thoughts or ideas that his default mode network may burble to the surface . Most employers frown on such behavior . But if they 're smart , they would n't . One recent study of the pharmaceutical industry by Bernard Munos of the InnoThink Center for Research in Biomedical Innovation and William Chin , former dean of research at Harvard Medical School , for example , found that , despite massive research and development budgets , the number of potential breakthrough drugs introduced in the past decade has dropped roughly in half . Why ? Because companies became obsessed with cautious efficiency , they argue , rather than in often risky , dreamy innovation . "  Companies pressure workers to be in the office , to work all the time . But at the same time , they 're really interested in innovation , which comes from letting go , " Smart said . "  But you ca n't have it both ways . " Just think . The Wright Brothers closed up their busy bicycle shop in Ohio , decamped to the beach in North Carolina and in this playful , leisure time , invented the airplane . Bill Gates escapes to a cabin in the woods for "  think weeks . " Google , Facebook and LinkedIn give employees some version of "  20 percent time " -- affectionately known as "  employee goof off time . " And giving workers time to daydream , experiment and follow a passion without worrying about failure has resulted in some of their most innovative and successful products , such as Gmail and AdSense , an advertising program that Wired reports now produces about a quarter of Google 's revenue Hard as it is to believe in our modern , work-worshipping culture , idleness , leisure time , daydreaming and time away from the hurly-burly , the drudgery of routine and the endless nose to the grindstone , is not only essential for innovation , it is , in fact , what has created civilization . Art , literature , inventions , innovation , philosophy -- one could argue nearly all that is transcendent about our flawed human species -- has come as a result of a delicate balance between the uninterrupted time in leisure to daydream , to set the default mode network free , and the concentrated time at work to make those flights of whim and fancy something real . Philosopher Bertrand Russell , in his famous 1932 essay , "  In Praise of Idleness , " advocated a four-hour workday and more leisure time for all . Daydreaming , imaging the possibility of a better world in leisure time , he argued , not only cultivated arts , science and culture , but liberated the oppressed and birthed new , democratic systems of governance . Without leisure , he wrote , "  mankind would never have emerged from barbarism . " It 's a crucial truth that is increasingly getting lost as our work hours climb . Workers in the U.S. put in among the most extreme hours of any advanced economy on the planet -- as economic uncertainty and fear of the future keep us firmly planted at our desks , the better to show the boss what good workers we are in advance of the next round of downsizing . Our antiquated laws give no overwork protection to knowledge workers , and as advances in technology , as much as they are designed to free us , keep us instead tethered to the office , checking texts and e-mails , returning work calls everywhere and all the time , leaving us feeling perpetually "  on call " and never quite able to get away from it all . Work , and this insidious work creep says leisure scholar Ben Hunnicutt , is now how Americans tend to answer the existential questions of who we are and how we find meaning in life . And in so doing , we have created a world that has no time for something as seemingly silly and unproductive as daydreaming and leisure time . And that 's where we 're wrong . Just imagine , what if , instead of staring out the window , that Amnesty International researcher stuck on a train dove into a thick ream of cases to catch up on ? Or , if it were today , whipped out her smartphone and tackled the backlog of e-mails in her inbox , diverting herself occasionally with a game of Candy Crush ? Or would we all have been too busy to stop and notice just how much smaller the world is without magic ?	Brigid Schulte : Take breaks from your work and use the time to daydream From Newton to Twain to Rowling , creative thinkers have productively used idleness Neuroscience finds brains are especially active when we are idle , she says
Dozens of residents in northeastern Nigeria have been killed in two separate attacks launched by Boko Haram Islamists , according to officials and residents . Scored of Islamist insurgents dressed in military uniforms stormed the Christian farming village of Izghe , in Borno state , late Saturday and opened sporadic fire on residents , killing at least 106 people in an attack specifically targeted at male residents . The gunmen , who arrived in the village riding in trucks and on several motorcycles , opened fire and hacked male residents they had assembled in the village square . They moved door to door in search of male residents who were hiding . The attack prompted an exodus of hundreds of panic-stricken residents of nearby villages to the neighboring Madagali district in Adamawa state . "  We suspect that the gunmen were members of Boko Haram . They have taken over the village , " said Madagali local government chairman , Maina Ularamu . . The attackers looted businesses and food stores "  and loaded all their spoils into vehicles owned by residents and fled into the bush , " said Ularamu . A survivor of the attack , farmer Barnabas Idi , said he scaled the fence of his house and crawled for about 40 minutes to safety . Idi said that security agents were not present during the attack . In the second attack early Saturday , suspected Boko Haram gunmen opened fire on Doron Baga , a fishing village along Lake Chad . "  They opened fire from all directions , forcing residents to jump into the lake in a bid to escape , and many drowned while others were gunned down , " said Babagana Gwoni , a survivor of the attack . The gunmen looted fish and foodstuffs before setting houses on fire , Gwoni said . Lt. Col. Mohammed Dole , a military spokesman , confirmed the Doron Baga attack but declined to give details . "  We received report of the attack on Doron Baga , but we do n't have details because the area falls under the operational jurisdiction of the Multinational Joint Task Force , " Dole said . The Multinational Joint task Force comprises troops from Nigeria , Niger and Chad and was set up in 1998 primarily to fight light weapons proliferation . Its mandate has been expanded to include combating the Boko Haram insurgency .	Boko Haram kills at least 106 people in an attack targeted at males , officials , residents say In another village , some victims drown in Lake Chad as they flee Islamists ' gunfire Boko Haram 's insurgency has left hundreds dead in northeastern Nigeria
CNN  -- Sigh . For the last month , I 've been telling you about politics in Hawaii , the state that had the lowest voter turnout rate in the nation four years ago . The goal of me typing and typing and typing about the state 's voters was the hope that CNN could start a conversation that maybe -- just maybe -- would lead to the state magically bouncing out of last place . It 's now the morning after Election Day . And while it 's still unclear whether Hawaii will finish last place for voting , preliminary estimates do offer a ray of hope . According to Michael McDonald , an election results guru at George Mason University , Hawaii likely will slip past West Virginia , handing over the title of the "  state that does n't vote . " It feels too early and too odd to celebrate , though , especially given the calamity that ensued in Hawaii on Tuesday . I 'll get to that soon . First , let 's look at the numbers . Nationally , voter turnout was down compared to the 2008 presidential election -- with something like 60 % of the nation 's eligible voters casting ballots for president this year , McDonald said , compared to 62 % four years ago . You could argue several reasons why that 's the case , from Superstorm Sandy , which depressed turnout in the northeast , to lower-than-expected enthusiasm among Republicans . Not all of the ballots have been counted , but based on projections from McDonald , Hawaii 's turnout rate may land in the ballpark of 46.9 % . He expects West Virginia 's turnout to be slightly lower , at 46.1 % . "  It really is a race to the bottom right now , " he said . "  We would be in a recount situation if this were a presidential election , " he said by phone on Wednesday morning . "  It 's close enough we need to wait to see what the final reports are , but in this case Hawaii has sort of staked out a lead here and it would be unlikely for West Virginia to come from behind . But it 's possible . " Voter turnout rates in both states sunk compared to 2008 , when 48.8 % of eligible people in Hawaii voted in the presidential race , and 49.9 % of people in West Virginia did . It 's too easy to strike up those low turnout rates to apathy . A story headlined "  Hawaii voter turnout drops even lower " on the Honolulu news site Civil Beat suggested that voters in the Aloha State are too checked-out to care . "  Hot races including a tight contest involving our own homegrown presidential contender could n't shake Hawaii voters ' continued apathy toward elections , " wrote Alia Wong . I can see where she 's coming from . But I think the assessment that Hawaii 's  or West Virginia 's  voter turnout rate is attributable simply to apathy is at best , reductive . At worst , offensive . Superstorm Sandy pummeled West Virginia one week ago , no doubt decreasing the likelihood that people would trudge out to the polls . And in Hawaii , as Wong goes on to explain , several polling places ran out of ballots , leaving long lines of voters to wait for elections officials to bring in electronic voting machines . Wong references an official from Hawaii 's Green Party who says , in her words , the ballot shortage "  deterred hundreds of people from casting their ballots . " That should infuriate any American , especially since similar issues reportedly plagued voters in other states on Tuesday . "  We can appreciate that people lose patience with the process , and we 're very sorry it occurred , " a spokesman for Hawaii 's election office told Civil Beat . I 'm going to pretend it 's Election Day 2000 and settle into a wait-and-see mode before I give any kind of final-seeming assessment of voter turnout in Hawaii . For one , ballots are still being counted , particularly those sent by mail . I also want to talk to people in the state about what happened at the polls -- why , exactly , some precincts ran out of ballots , and what people there think about the situation . McDonald , the voting guru , expects Hawaii to hop out of last place despite the fact that its turnout , like that for the rest of the country , declined . "  Woohoo , " he said , sarcastically . Given polling place issues in the state and the fact that there are potentially hundreds of disenfranchised voters on the island of Oahu , it 's hard for me to summon much enthusiasm , either . Still , and no matter the outcome , I 'm immensely proud of nonpartisan groups like Kanu Hawaii that go door to door in low-voting areas and encourage people to cast ballots . They 're the ones who are going to change attitudes toward voting in Hawaii . And in the long term , they 're the ones who will change the list .	Hawaii may rank 49th for voter turnout this year ; instead of 50th Professor : Hawaii and West Virginia are "  dukeing it out " for last place CNN 's Change the List has been trying to start a conversation about Hawaii 's low turnout Several polling places in Hawaii ran out of ballots , according to news reports
When an attorney involved in Pfc. Bradley Manning 's sentencing hearing made reference Wednesday to something being "  normal " in the WikiLeaks case , the former general promptly cut him off . "  There was nothing about WikiLeaks that was normal , " said retired Army Brig. Gen. Robert Carr , a 31-year veteran . The prosecution called Carr to testify about his time with the Information Review Task Force put together when WikiLeaks first started releasing the documents leaked by Manning . The task force was charged with determining if any coalition members , intelligence sources or methods that had been put at risk by the leaks . About 900 Afghans were identified in some way in the documents , Carr said , but he did n't say if any of them were harmed . Asked if Manning had made the jobs of junior intelligence analysts more difficult by damaging their superiors ' trust in them , Carr said it was "  hugely important to empower these young intel analysts . " As Manning 's sentencing phase began Wednesday , the convicted leaker has already tallied 1,274 days behind bars . The question now is how many more of the potential 136 years he 'll serve . The military will give Manning credit for each of his 1,162 days of pre-trial confinement , plus the judge , Col. Denise Lind , credited Manning with an additional 112 days for the harsh treatment he suffered while being held at a Marine Corps Base Quantico brig. The defense has also filed motions to have four of the charges on which he was found guilty merged into two . Lind is n't expected to rule on that motion before Friday . Convictions and acquittal Lind acquitted Manning of the most grievous charge of aiding the enemy . Had she convicted him of that one charge , he could have spent life in prison without the possibility of parole . Manning still faces the prospect of a lengthy prisoner term . He was found guilty of 20 counts that include violations of the Espionage Act . Twelve of them carry maximum sentences of 10 years each . Lind may decide not to slap him with the maximum for each count . She may rule that he 'll serve the sentences concurrently , rather than consecutively . Whistle-blower or traitor ? It may take several days before she reaches a decision . Manning was convicted of stealing and disseminating about 750,000 pages of classified documents and videos to WikiLeaks . The leaks dealt with everything from U.S. military strategy in Iraq to State Department cables outlining foreign relationships . They also included a secret military video from the Iraq war . WikiLeaks has never confirmed the soldier was the source of its information . The military accused him of putting lives in danger , saying some of the material was found in Osama bin Laden 's compound . Lind , in acquitting Manning of the main charge , said he did n't know that al Qaeda would get the material and therefore did not aid the enemy . Opinion : Bradley Manning betrayed America Free speech Manning said he just wanted the public to know what the government was doing . WikiLeaks supported his claim in a statement Tuesday blasting the convictions on the other counts as "  a dangerous precedent and an example of national security extremism . " What do his actions mean ? "  It can never be that conveying true information to the public is ` espionage . ' " WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange plans to talk about the verdict live on the Internet on Wednesday , according to a tweet from WikiLeaks ' confirmed feed . Civil rights organizations also came out in support of Manning as a hero of free speech . "  The only reason why the government decided to proceed with this trial is so that it could pursue this dangerous theory that equates leaks to the press with aiding the enemy , " said ACLU spokesman Ben Winzer . Others saw the acquittal on the main charge as a victory for free speech . Manning pleads guilty to some charges "  It shows that a really very junior enlisted person can do battle with the federal government in a case where the government is really mad as hell about what happened here , throws everything it has at him , and its biggest charge fizzles , " said Gene Fidell from the National Institute of Military Justice . Opinion : Manning verdict 's lesson in a digital age Citizen journalist During Manning 's sentencing hearing , Congress will convene a hearing on the future of the National Security Agency 's surveillance programs in the wake of a second major intelligence leak : Edward Snowden 's leaks of records to journalist Glenn Greenwald . Greenwald , who writes for the British daily newspaper The Guardian , believes Manning 's convictions are evidence of differential justice , he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday . He said the soldier was just doing the job journalists should do to make government transparent to Americans . Greenwald compared Manning to famed journalist Bob Woodward , who gained international fame when he broke the iconic Watergate wiretapping scandal . Its cover-up led to the resignation of President Richard Nixon . "  Bob Woodward has written book after book after book and has become extremely rich by publishing secrets way more sensitive than anything Bradley Manning ever published , " Greenwald said . The difference in the eyes of U.S. justice , in Greenwald 's opinion : Woodward is well connected with senior officials who leak to him . Manning , he said , is not . Opinion : Unfair verdict on Manning	900 Afghans identified in Manning leaks ; unclear if any harmed , ex-general says He escaped a life sentence without parole when he was acquitted of aiding the enemy Manning was found guilty on 20 counts that include violations of the Espionage Act Civil rights organizations have come out in support of Manning
CNN  -- Looks like your iPads and Mac will be getting freshened up in time for the holiday shopping season . Apple on Wednesday sent invitations to media members for next Thursday under the headline , "  It 's been way too long . " Last October , Apple unveiled the thinner and lighter iPad Air and a revamped iPad Mini . The company also used the event to roll out its then-latest Mac operating system , OS X Mavericks . It also updated its MacBook Pro and MacBook Air laptops . But Apple 's desktop Mac line has n't gotten a thorough update since June 2013 . Most Apple analysts expect to see new Macs at the event , which will be held at Apple 's Cupertino , Calif. , campus . There 's also been talk of a bigger iPad , coming a month after the rollout of bigger iPhones . Some reports have predicted an "  iPad Pro " with a massive 12.9-inch screen .	Apple announces October 16 event New iPads , Macs are expected Apple could release a huge new iPad
CNN  -- The radio was going on about the space shuttle 's last mission . I 've never been a space person , but there was still something sad about it . America losing its step . No more space for us . Shuttle launches were like America 's homeroom . The whole country checked in . The whole business left me feeling wistful as my friend and I hurtled along in our own white craft drawing a line across the desert from Los Angeles to Las Vegas . A quarter of the way there : Tyvek flapping like flags in the wind . Half-built houses mark the edge of L.A. Metro . The high-water mark of the building boom . Halfway there : We stop in Barstow for cheeseburgers and Cokes . And then it was back into the Mojave Desert . Mountains the color of cocoa sticking up from the earth . The sun a French fry lamp on the side of my face . Guilt from leaving work early tugged on me like the air conditioner dragged on the car engine . Escape to Las Vegas . "  Lost Wages " my father used to call it . A pun pointed at the town 's gambling industry that now just as easily applies to its entire economy . The great recession walloped Vegas harder than most places . It was a subprime boomtown that is now the foreclosure capital of America . What 's Vegas like in a down economy ? Are there a few more sips left in the champagne bottle ? Yes . But it 's flat . When we arrived on the Las Vegas Strip , storm clouds were gathered around the Statue of Liberty replica . A double take confirmed that they were real . Rain in the desert , what were the odds ? A rhetorical question in any city but this one . The Strip . America 's Id . Visiting there is like stepping into mainstream television : common-denominator vulgarity that you ca n't keep your eyes off of . "  Pleasure " pumped into elephantine proportions . Like a basket containing the world 's largest gourd held by a woman with the world 's largest breasts . Do n't get me wrong , I like sex , gambling and tippling , but its hyper-commercialization brings me down . Like how passing a blown-up picture of a chili dog on a semi ruins your appetite instead of whetting it . In the belly of the MGM Grand parking lot we unload our bags . Parents walk by holding children . Slightly older children walk by holding suitcases of beer . Everyone tingles with anticipation . There is an optimism inherent in a clean hotel room at the beginning of a weekend . This will be my headquarters . I will hang my clothes here . This will be my desk . Las Vegas hotel stays carry an additional air of mischief . We 'll drink here before we go out . I will close the curtains so the sun does n't come in tomorrow . I 'll choose this bed because it 's closer to the door and God knows when I 'm coming back . We decided to walk over to the recently renovated Tropicana hotel and casino . In the postmodern Epcot Center that is Las Vegas , the Tropicana is Miami 's South Beach . The building 's handsome white gleam and jaunty retro sign held the promise of an excellent martini , and soon I was behind one the size of an office trash can . We were the only people at the bar ; 7 p.m. is a dead zone in summertime Vegas . All day long people attend pool parties . And then late at night they attend clubs . From 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. is reserved for showers , TV and energy drinks . Our booby prize was a video screen behind the bar showing an endlessly looping video of , well , boobs , and other body parts wrapped up in bathing suits and gyrating to music . Like songs that tell you how to dance , the decorations in Las Vegas are constantly showing you how you are supposed to behave . Later , while eating hamburgers at Hubert Keller 's "  Burger Bar , " we are surrounded by picture of hamburgers -- hamburgers that look much juicier and more appetizing than the ones we were eating . Hours of blackjack . In my back pocket I had a set of tips my father sent me . Do n't hit if the dealer has 3-6 and you have a bustable hand . If you 're dealt two aces always split them and then pray for tens , etc. . I withdrew $ 300 from the ATM and watched my pile go up and down for hours . Up . Down . Up . Down . I toggled from scotch to seltzer . Scotch . Seltzer . The dealers rotated . The fast one who prefers the ladies . The deliberate one who wordlessly guides the players . The efficient , emotionless machine who just deals , deals , deals . And then there was the ever-changing cast of players . The fat drunk tanktopper smoking a cigarette filter . Two Irish kids with gelled sea anemone hair . The chubby secretary who would scratch the table with her pink-painted fingernail every time she wanted a hit . And at one point in the night , superstar singer Michael Buble and his Argentine underwear-model wife sidle up to the table and do well until a crowd of squealing girls forms and he is forced to cash out . It 's 3:30 . Walk back to the room . A fight breaks out behind me . A girl lies legs-splayed on a flower planter in the lobby . A couple ruts next to the soda machine . A man lies face down in his own vomit . Prostitutes roam the floor looking for drunk prey . A topless guy smokes a cigarette in my elevator . As the door shuts and the elevator lifts , I can still hear the bingbinging clamor of America spending its energy-drink money on Texas hold 'em . In the morning it 's dim sum on Spring Mountain Road , Vegas ' version of Chinatown . Yes , the city has the skyline of New York and Paris , the canals of Venice and the pools of South Beach , but the real spin around the world happens in the neighborhoods that surround the Strip . About 22 % of Las Vegans are immigrants who were attracted by the low cost of living and the abundance of service jobs that do n't require a higher education . The city 's strip malls are an international food court . Eritrean and Chinese food . Mexican and Thai . We meet cabbies from Burma , Ethiopia , and the Philippines . This global village aspect of Vegas is one of the most exhilarating parts of the area and could be a draw unto itself . They could call it "  American Census 2050 . " From Vegas ' future to its past : Downtown . The city 's soul . Iconic Vegas . Neon and $ 9 prime rib specials . The home of old guard Vegas -- Binion 's , the Gold Spike and the Golden Nugget . There are $ 5 blackjack tables here and strawberry daiquiris with whipped cream . To draw some of the action back from the Strip , businesses chipped in and created the Fremont Street Experience , a barrel vault canopy 90 feet high and four blocks long . It shelters folks from the sun in the day and turns into a light show at night . People rappel under the canopy . Buskers perform there . Concerts play . It 's livened up the area , but it 's what has n't been done to the neighborhood that 's going to save it : The old gambling houses in this neighborhood just feel right . An old piece of America that has hung on . A symbol that there is life after a bubble . The next day we leave the greatest example of American excess and visit the greatest example of American restraint : Hoover Dam . There are only 3,485 days and counting of water left in Las Vegas , literally . The canyon surrounding Hoover Dam is the evidence . Its walls are chalk white where the water line used to be . You have to move your head forward toward your belly to see where the water line is now . I piss in one of the magnificent marble art deco restrooms that sit on top of the dam . The windows there provide a dramatic view of this modern wonder of the world . Nowhere in America today is a bathroom being built like this , nor will one be built in the near future . Unless , maybe , someone decides to open up a resort on the strip called "  America Then . " They could buy a mothballed space shuttle and hang it in the lobby .	Brendan Francis Newnam takes road trip to "  Lost Wages " Newnam : Vegas was a subprime boomtown that is now the foreclosure capital of America He samples Vegas ' hyper-commercial present , ethnic-tapestry future and iconic past Vegas : the image of American excess ; Hoover Dam : the image of American restraint
CNN  -- As the presidential campaign veers off onto the Bain Capital ramp , the predictable arguments ensue : Is the turn simply a political attack meant to distract from bad economic news ?  So says Mitt Romney  . Or is it an important , valid argument at the heart of the contest ?  So says President Barack Obama . ` Other-ness ' : What Obama and Romney have in common on religion , race Distill all the arguments down to an essential core , and they 're really about one thing : experience . As in , does past experience matter ? Is it an indicator of future behavior ? Or of your values ? And if you behaved one way at another job in your past , what does that tell us about how you would behave as president ? Finally , should your previous experience  or lack of it  in any way disqualify you from the presidency ? The arguments over experience are hardly new . In fact , back in the day when then-candidate Obama was a tad short on the experience side , Hillary Clinton made the case that she was the best-equipped to handle foreign policy disasters as president  See : ad with red phone ringing at 3 am .  Obama 's response : "  I have shown the judgment to lead . " Which seemed a fair enough retort . So let 's apply that standard to the Bain Capital fight : Romney 's job was to make money for investors . Bain Capital claims that revenues grew in 80 % of the more than 350 companies in which it has invested . It also makes the case that the Obama campaign 's cause-and-effect simplification of the eventual failure of a paper company -- such as Ampad -- was completely overblown and unfair : Bain bought the company in 1992 , and it grew . Its control ended in 1996 , four years before it folded , although Bain did retain some stake in the company . And it folded , Bain says , because the marketplace changed . It 's more Dunder Mifflin than Darth Vader . And , um , where was the Romney judgment call in this episode ? To be clear : This is a political campaign . Romney 's experience at Bain is certainly relevant . After all , Romney often brags about creating 100,000 jobs , so digging into what happened there under his watch is only natural . The problem with campaigns is that issues and events and results need to be either black or white -- especially in 60-second spots that liken companies such as Bain to vultures . None other than the president himself conceded that there 's some complexity here , as The Washington Post points out in an editorial , which says the president is trying to argue all sides . "  I think there are a whole lot of folks who do good work in that area and there are times where they identify the capacity for the economy to create new jobs or new industries , " the president said at the NATO summit . Indeed , this is a president who has friends in private equity , who raises money from private equity and is making a pitch to the same folks this time around .  Full disclosure : A member of my family works in private equity .  The issue , the president told us , is that the goal of "  maximizing profits " is way different from what a president does , which is making sure that "  everybody in the country has a fair shot . " And Romney , he would argue , has no experience at doing that . Understand this : It 's not really just about business . It 's about values . The president may be broader in his approach , but his ads argue a more simple point : that Romney does n't have the right values to be president ; that he does bad things to good people . It might be more lucrative for Obama 's re-election prospects to go after Romney 's actual record -- as a less-than-outstanding job creator as Massachusetts governor . Or as a politician with "  evolving " views on issues ranging from abortion to immigration . Or to remind independent voters that during the primaries Romney called himself "  severely conservative , " whatever that means . Some of this is surely in the works . And what about the Obama campaign starting to talk about its own record ? Team Obama may want to turn this into a choice election , but when incumbents run for re-election they have to explain why they should be rehired . "  The Obama people believe they can win this election by criticizing Romney , " says Bill Galston , a former Clinton administration domestic policy adviser . "  But they 're going to lose this election if American people do n't think they have done a good job . " One more thing : Obama 's consistent strength is that more than half of Americans really like him . They see him as in touch with their lives and their aspirations . And his poll numbers only increased last year , for instance , when he shared America 's disgust during the distasteful debate over extending the payroll tax cuts . House Republicans seemed in desperate need of day care ; Obama was the adult in the room . That 's what people want . When a president who wants to be transformational runs a campaign that wants to deliver transparent caricatures , there 's a downside . The candidate starts looking like all the other pols . And nobody likes them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger : President Obama 's argument about Bain Capital is about experience She says he suggests Mitt Romney lacks background , values to be president She says Obama would be better off focusing on his record or Romney 's as governor Borger : Obama 's image could be tarnished by questionable attacks
CNN  -- Fresh faced and pictured wearing a crisp military uniform , the photo of a young Jim Tuckwell looks like it was taken before he 'd seen action . But in fact , at the age of just 22 , he had already experienced the full horrors of war . World War II veteran Jim Tuckwell as a young soldier . Shot twice on Gold beach during the Normandy Invasion or "  D-Day landings , " Tuckwell was later deafened by a shell that blew off his friend 's legs nearby . By the end of the war , the British soldier had been promoted to the rank of full sergeant , as he put it , simply because so many of his seniors had been killed . Now 86-years-old , he and many of his former comrades will remember the 65th anniversary of the landings Saturday at ceremonies along the French coast . It was a massive air and sea operation that marked the turning point of the war in Europe . And he knows how lucky he is to be alive . "  My mate Jimmy went up the beach with two cases of bombs . I never saw him again . If I had n't been hit , who 's to say I would n't have been in the same position as he was when he was killed ? " With bullet wounds to his chest and arm , Tuckwell collapsed unconscious on the beach . It was more than nine hours later that he was picked up by the stretcher-bearers . Incredibly , he was back fighting within six weeks . Watch Tuckwell tell his story " So much time has passed since then , but the pain is still etched into his face . Sitting there in full military uniform , blazer adorned with half a dozen medals , his voice frequently cracks with emotion . He frequently tails off as he relives the past . "  Every time I go back to Normandy I go to his grave , and it brings a tear to me eye even now . We were going do so much after the war ... but it never happened . " Tuckwell , who saw action with the 1st Battalion , Dorset Regiment , has since formed a close friendship with Frank Rosier ; they are members of the Normandy Veterans Association . Both men say their experiences were so commonplace among their generation that none were able to talk about it until 40 years later . Rosier told me that what he and the veterans discuss among themselves is very different to what is said in television interviews ; but when pushed , he describes what it 's like to kill another man . "  We could never get our fathers to talk about the first World War , because they were involved in close combat . And twice in the second World War it happened to me . "  I came face to face with a German , and I beat him to the draw . I killed him . I sat on the grass and was sick and I cried ... he was some mother 's son . " I get the sense that there was a great deal of respect between these soldiers and the Germans on the other side . Younger generations try to relate to the scale and the carnage of D-Day through movies like "  Saving Private Ryan . " The veterans talk of the noise , "  big battleships firing , rocket ships firing , mortars landing , planes strafing , floating artillery and the Germans were totally unsociable about it , they were firing back at us , so there was a hell of a lot of noise there , " recalls Rosier . They are lighthearted at times , citing the fact that British troops are renowned for their humor -- even in the darkest hours . But it is impossible to gloss over the horror and the danger they faced . Standing together in one of the landing crafts at the D-Day museum in Portsmouth , England , Rosier described what it was like to approach Gold beach . Watch Rosier 's full interview " He spoke of the bullets thundering into the sides of the craft , a ramp on one side hitting a mine and being disabled , and the knowledge that when the front ramp was dropped , the troops inside would be peppered with machine gun fire . He and his infantry were lucky that day - making it onto the beach with minimal loss . But as he told me later , of the 800 men in his infantry , only five survived the war unharmed , "  the rest were killed , missing or wounded . " Rosier , who fought with the 2nd Battalion , Gloucestershire Regiment , bears the visible scars of battle . He lost an eye to a shrapnel wound -- a ` Blighty one , ' meaning that he was taken home to recover in Britain -- and has had to live with the psychological trauma of facial disfigurement . But it 's the pain of the ones they left behind that hurts the most . "  There was no time to mourn , you did n't have time to mourn , " said Tuckwell . "  And the worst thing about later battles was that when you lost people , you normally had to bury them yourself . You could n't leave the bodies on the ground , there was nowhere else to put them . " Rosier added : "  When your best friend gets killed it is surprising how hard you can become on a battlefield , I think you switch your mind off . My best friend , we called him Smokey Joe , Battersea boy , London boy , he was 18 years when he died . "  At the time I just said ` oh Reggie is gone , ' but ... I will be going back to Normandy and I will see his grave and cry . I have never figured out why I a mourn him now and not at the time . To lose a brother is a terrible thing and he was a brother . I lost two actual brothers in the war , but I miss Reg a lot . " There was so much pain , so much suffering and such massive loss of life . Was it worth it ? Rosier 's response is emphatic . "  Yes , every minute of it . We go back to Europe quite frequently , and even in Germany people say to us ` thank you for our freedom ' . It is only in recent years that I have realized how important freedom really is , you ca n't taste it , you ca n't feel or hear it . But it is so important to be free . "	D-Day soldiers remember the horrors of war and fallen comrades One tells how he survived despite being wounded storming Gold beach Another says he still mourns his best friend and cried after killing a German soldier President Obama attending 65th anniversary services in France Saturday
CNN  -- Authorities evacuated a Bermuda-bound flight at Philadelphia International Airport in Pennsylvania Thursday after one of three people loading the plane did n't appear to belong and suddenly left the area , police said . It appeared that the man in question was properly credentialed to be in a secure area , but was working on a plane that he was n't supposed to , FBI spokesman J.J. Klaver said . When he was questioned by the other baggage handlers , the person left in a baggage loading cart , he said . US Airways Flight 1070 -- which police said was bound for Bermuda with 102 passengers and five crew members -- was towed to a secure part of the airport , where baggage was removed from the plane to be screened by bomb-sniffing dogs . The plane tested negative for explosives , and the incident is not believed to be terror-related , said Klaver . The investigation was ongoing , he added . In addition , no narcotics were found on board the plane , said Stephen Sapp of Customs and Border Protection . "  There 's nothing explosive , nothing hazardous , " Klaver said . He also said that there was no apparent failure in airport security processes . Flight 1070 finally departed for Bermuda nearly six hours late . Federal and local police at the airport had been searching for a man in uniform who was not wearing identification on the tarmac , a law enforcement official told CNN . "  This could be a suspicious person or it could be nothing , " the official said . The rest of the airport was fully operational and not affected by the incident , said spokeswoman Victoria Lupica . The passengers remained in the terminal , said Todd Lehmacher , spokesman for US Airways . The airline hoped to get them back on the plane and headed for Bermuda once authorities allow it , he said . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Jeanne Meserve , Ross Levitt and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	NEW : Flight departs nearly six hours after scheduled There was no failure in airport security , official says The incident is not believed to be terror-related US Airways Flight 1070 was bound for Bermuda with 102 passengers
At first , everything seemed routine -- an uneventful end to a second day of meetings between Thailand 's bitter political rivals . Then the military trucks arrived , sealing off Bangkok 's Thai Army Club , where the talks were being held . Armed soldiers in green camouflage rushed about , blocking entrances and exits as military vans , apparently carrying factional leaders , drove away . It seemed a coup was playing out , right in front of reporters ' eyes . Soon , television programming fell silent , and Army chief Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha took to the air to confirm the news of a military takeover after five hours of talks meant to find a solution to Thailand 's festering political crisis . Bangkok reacted calmly . Traffic was jammed downtown -- not unusual for rush hour in a city of nearly 7 million people . But it was surely a sign people wanted to make sure they got home before the military 's 10 p.m. curfew . There did not appear to be any tension or panic , but then again , Bangkok is home turf for establishment protesters seeking the removal of what they consider a corrupt , tainted government . With TV and radio broadcasts airing only military messaging , it was impossible to know what the reaction was in Thailand 's north , home to many populists angry over the recent removal of the country 's democratically elected Prime Minister . According to Paradon Patthanathabut , national security adviser to the former government , the protest encampment of the populist "  Red Shirts " had been cleared with military assistance . It was n't clear if there had been any injuries or arrests . At the sprawling protest camp of the anti-government protesters , called "  Yellow Shirts , " the military was nowhere to be found , and a sense of victory permeated the air . People sang , clapped and smiled broadly as they slowly packed up to go home , leaving the scene to resemble the closing hour of a festival . Martial law : What it means Soldiers , selfies and a military coup A cheat sheet to get you up to speed	Bangkok reacts calmly to news of coup But with news broadcasts cut off , it 's unclear how rural residents are reacting Coup began with troops sealing off meeting between rival factions General soon took to the air to announce the takeover
Washington  CNN  -- Use any metaphor you like -- predators smelling blood , invaders storming the castle , a snowball growing in size and momentum as it rolls downhill . All describe efforts by opponents of President Barack Obama 's signature health care reforms to kill the 2010 law after the botched launch of the HealthCare.gov website provided a new opening for attack . Critics led by conservative Republicans target the Affordable Care Act itself , not just the website woes , in hopes of creating a public groundswell of opposition . "  Obamacare is much more than a bad website ; it 's a bad law , " says a House Republican playbook for GOP members to follow in the campaign . The document obtained from a Republican source Thursday by CNN lays out a strategy of talking points , videos , op-eds and social media outreach intended to spread as negative a perception of the health care reforms as far and wide as possible . Obama regularly complains about such search-and-destroy tactics , telling business leaders Tuesday that "  one of the problems we 've had is one side of Capitol Hill is invested in failure . " White House spokesman Eric Schultz said Thursday that the GOP playbook lacked "  a single word devoted to helping constituents enroll or offering an alternative idea to help Americans gain access to qualify , affordable care . " "  This is a partisan political strategy that has n't worked in the past , and it 's not going to work now , " he said . For Republicans , the goal is to bolster GOP prospects in next year 's congressional elections by vilifying the health care reforms and making them the main campaign issue . Holding their House majority and winning back the Senate from Democratic control next year would increase leverage for weakening and perhaps even dismantling the reforms they despise as government overreach run amok . President and Obamacare sink to new polling lows At every opportunity , Republican leaders cite effects so far -- including canceled policies , higher premiums and limited options for some -- as evidence that the dysfunctional website merely foreshadowed what they call an incurably flawed law . When the Affordable Care Act passed with no Republican votes more than three years ago , "  reasonable minds perhaps could have differed on whether Obamacare would work , " Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas told CNN on Wednesday . "  Today , that 's not possible , " said Cruz , the tea party favorite who spearheaded the GOP fight against the reforms that led to the 16-day government shutdown in October . "  In my view , coming together to stop Obamacare is the essence of pragmatism because it is self-evident this is n't working . " Keeping the pressure up Cruz and his GOP colleagues plan to maintain that focus . The Republican-led House Oversight and Government Reform Committee will hold "  field hearings " in four states in coming weeks that will focus on consumer complaints about Obamacare . Friday 's initial event in North Carolina is titled "  ObamaCare Implementation : Sticker Shock of Increased Premiums for Healthcare Coverage . " In particular , Republican opponents lambast Obama for his "  if you like your policy , you can keep your policy " pledge of past years that proved untrue for what could amount to several million Americans who bought their own insurance instead of getting coverage through employers or government programs . While affecting less than 5 % of the population , the cancellation notices to individual policyholders became a symbol of oversell by the President and Democrats that Republicans now exploit by citing public mistrust in the government . The 17-page House GOP playbook obtained by CNN includes specific instructions for legislators to solicit personal stories from people losing policies or forced to pay more under Obamacare . "  In this playbook , you 'll find messaging tools to help you communicate in your district about the disastrous Obamacare rollout , " it says . Talking points in the document cite information from the House Ways and Means Committee that stress worst-case scenarios predicted so far , such as at least 7 million Americans losing employer-provided health insurance in coming years because of the reforms . Digital fliers the playbook provides quote television comedians joking about the dysfunction of the HealthCare.gov website when it launched on October 1 . It is all designed to create a perception of total public rejection of the health care reforms to pile on recent polls that show already shaky support for Obamacare declining further , along with support for the President . Obama accepted responsibility for the dysfunctional website that stymied the October 1 launch of the vital new insurance exchanges for people to shop for coverage , as well as the failure of the reforms to better protect individual policy holders getting cancellation notices . He framed the issue as facing expected challenges in trying to reform a failing health insurance system that left more than 40 million people without coverage and millions more lacking adequate policies . "  There have been times where I thought we were kind of , you know , slapped around a little bit unjustly . This one 's deserved , right ? It 's on us , " Obama told reporters last week . "  But , we ca n't lose sight of the fact that the status quo before the Affordable Care Act was not working at all . " Presidents and Democrats : What 's your counterproposal ? The President and Democrats complain that Republicans intent on eliminating Obamacare lack any serious proposals to help the uninsured get coverage and address the broader problem of bringing down overall health care costs , a goal of the reforms . In a report released Wednesday by Jason Furman , Obama 's new head of the White House Council of Economic Advisers , the administration claimed health care spending from 2010 to 2013 grew at the lowest rate on record since 1965 . While House Republicans have voted more than 40 times to repeal or otherwise undermine Obamacare , specific GOP proposals offer limited approaches , such as allowing insurers to offer health policies across state borders . In addition , Republican leaders do n't mention benefits of the reforms such as ending denial of coverage for pre-existing conditions as well as limits on total benefits . Instead , they frame their stand as protecting consumers facing higher costs and forced changes by the overhaul . Bad news for woman cited as Obamacare success story "  We 're going to continue to do oversight so that we understand exactly what 's happening out there . Our members are going to continue to collect stories , " House Speaker John Boehner told reporters Tuesday , adding that there was "  no decision " on specific steps Republicans might take . "  But we 're going to do everything we can to try to protect the American people from this awful law . " For his part , Obama also says the goal is to protect Americans , with the reforms providing coverage to people previously unable to afford it or determined ineligible by insurers to get it . He emphasizes in every public pronouncement on the reforms that they already have ended denial of coverage for pre-existing conditions , provided free preventive screening for millions , eliminated caps on total benefits and brought other much-needed changes for consumers . "  I 'm not going to walk away from 40 million people who have the chance to get health insurance for the first time , " the President said last week . "  And I 'm not going to walk away from something that has helped the cost of health care grow at its slowest rate in 50 years . " Shoring up the HealthCare.gov website For now , the administration continues work to get the HealthCare.gov website functioning well enough by the end of November for most users to complete the enrollment process in a timely manner . The enrollment period extends until March 31 , and officials believe there will be time to reach the goal of about 7 million enrolled by then to make the new exchanges economically viable . Blocked out at www.HealthCare.gov ? Bypass on way soon , feds say Democrats , including Obama administration officials , concede that failure to get the website working properly soon will mean major trouble for the reform law . For now , they declare their support for Obamacare , setting it up as a crucial campaign issue in 2014 . "  While Republicans continue to fixate on sabotaging health reform and root for failure , House Democrats will continue to stand tall in support of the Affordable Care Act , work to strengthen the health reform law as implementation continues , and ensure that millions of uninsured Americans get coverage , " said a statement Thursday by Drew Hammill , a spokesman for House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi . The Republican National Committee already is taking up the challenge . RNC Chairman Reince Priebus held a news conference Thursday to assert that Democratic candidates were more likely to shun the health care reforms than embrace them . "  It looks like any Democrat in a serious reelection fight is neither eager nor proud to run on Obamacare , " Priebus said , adding that opposing the reforms was "  nothing to be ashamed of " and that he was "  proud to take the position that we are against Obamacare , that we want to repeal Obamacare , and that it 's bad for America . " Battle for the House in 2014 : Obamacare vs. shutdown CNN 's Jim Acosta and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	House GOP playbook includes talking points , videos , social media outreach Botched website launch provided an opening for attacks by Obamacare critics The goal is to bolster Republican prospects in next year 's midterm elections A House committee schedules Obamacare hearings in four states
CNN  -- A Florida police department is investigating one of its officers after he shot a 61-year-old woman in the back with a Taser on Tuesday afternoon . The incident was captured on videotape by a nearby witness . Officer Terry Mahan of the Tallahassee Police Department and other officers responded to complaints about open-air drug sales in the area , the police department said in a statement Wednesday . Probable-cause affidavits paint a scene in which officers feared for their safety because of angry residents berating police and calling others to the scene . Police had detained three people when Viola Young "  approached the police car inquiring about one of the individuals arrested , " the statement said . "  An officer advised her to stay back , and a second officer approached Young and attempted to place her under arrest . " In the video , Young can be seen yanking her arm out of Mahan 's grasp before turning and walking in the opposite direction . She takes only a few steps before the officer fires a Taser cartridge into Young 's back . The woman collapses face-down on the pavement , then rolls over onto her back . Another police officer approaches Young and arrests her . In a narrative included in a probable-cause affidavit , Mahan wrote that he went to the scene after officers there called for backup . When he got there , he saw two officers engaged with two suspects on the ground , and "  there was a crowd of people that had gathered around them and were yelling at the officers , " he wrote . As Mahan put one arrested suspect in the back of a patrol car , Young pulled up , forcing Mahan "  to take -LSB- his -RSB- focus off of one of the arrestees and engage her , " Mahan said in his report . "  Young 's actions obstructed officers while in the course of completing their legal duties , " he wrote . Mahan told Young to leave . She responded that she wanted to know what was going , but Mahan told her , "  now was not the time for that , " and instructed her to leave again . She refused , he wrote . "  I informed Viola Young that she was under arrest and reached out and took her left arm . Young yanked away , turned and began to move away from me in an attempt to defeat her lawful arrest , " Mahan wrote . "  I deployed my Taser , and fired one cartridge striking Young in the back . Young was incapacitated and fell to the ground . " Mahan took Young into custody "  without any further resistance , " he wrote in his report . Texas student tased by police exits coma , enters rehabilitation From another officer 's narrative , it appears police had to leave soon after the arrests "  due to the hostility of the individuals remaining at the scene . " Young was medically cleared by Leon County Emergency Medical Services before being sent to the Leon County Jail , along with the other three individuals arrested , police said . None of the four faces drug-related charges . They all were charged with resisting an officer without violence , and Laguna Young was charged with a probation violation that Leon County Jail records indicate stems from a previous conviction on cocaine and drug paraphernalia charges . Family wants answers in Florida teen 's death after Tasering Laguna Young was the only one of the four who had not been released as of Wednesday afternoon . It 's not clear if Laguna Young , 41 , is related to Viola Young . After reviewing the video of the tasing incident , Tallahassee Police Chief Michael DeLeo called for an internal investigation , he said . "  We will conduct a thorough investigation into this incident . We want to be transparent with the community by sharing what we can at this point , including the video , " DeLeo said in a statement . Mahan has been placed on administrative leave with pay while the investigation is being conducted , DeLeo said . Because the case is now part of an internal affairs investigation , "  this will preclude us from making any other statements , other than what is in our release , in regards to this case until the full investigation is complete , " police spokesman Officer David Northway said . Using a Taser on an 8-year-old ? Mom sues police , city	Incident began when police responded to complaints of open-air drug sales in area 3 people had been arrested when Viola Young arrived asking questions , police say Video shows Young pull arm away from officer , walk off before he Tases her in the back Police : Officer Terry Mahan on paid leave pending outcome of Internal Affairs probe
CNN  -- Corinna Schumacher , wife of the stricken motor racing legend Michael , has issued a personal message of gratitude to Formula One fans ahead of this weekend 's German Grand Prix at Hockenheim . Writing in the official race program , Schumacher thanked motorsport fans for their "  good wishes and positive energies " sent to the former racing driver who was critically injured in a skiing accident in France at the end of last year . "  The German Grand Prix gives me the perfect opportunity to cordially thank you all for the good wishes and positive energies you keep sending to Michael , " Schumacher wrote . "  I have to say your sympathies literally blew us all away ! Good to know that together we made it through the hardest time ! " Last month , Schumacher 's agent Sabine Kehm said that the seven-time world champion was no longer in a coma and had been transferred from the French hospital in Grenoble , where he had been recovering from a severe head trauma , to University hospital in Lausanne , Switzerland to "  continue his long phase of rehabilitation , " a statement from Kehm said . Schumacher 's statement was printed in both German and English topped by a photograph of a smiling Schumacher with an inset image of the couple together . "  Now we are facing a phase which will presumably take a long time . "  We trust that -- as for so many years in F1 -- time will be Michael 's ally in this fight . Until then I would like to wish you and your families all the best as well . " The couple have been married since 1995 and have two teenage children -- daughter , Gina Marie and son , Mick . Hockenheim was a happy hunting ground for Schumacher who won his home Grand Prix four times at the circuit -- once for the Benetton-Renault team and three times for Ferrari . Read more : Schumacher out of coma and transferred to rehab Read more : Will legend Michael Schumacher ever recover ?	Corinna Schumacher thanks motorsport fans in official race German GP program Wife of 45-year-old former champ praises fans for "  good wishes and positive energies " Schumacher injured head in skiing accident last December Schumacher 's agent said in June that the racing star was no longer in a coma
CNN  -- Earlier this month , Kenyans commemorated the heinous attack on the Westgate Mall in Nairobi . That dark September day last year claimed the lives of 67 people , hailing from more than a dozen countries . Now , as the international community mobilizes to act against terrorists in the Middle East , it would do well to remember the lessons of the Westgate tragedy . Of those that executed last year 's attack , at least two were foreign fighters drawn from the ranks of those who came to fight alongside Al-Shabaab in Somalia . With this in mind , it is clear that foreign fighters must be met by states acting in concert , sharing resources and knowledge . Terrorist organizations are constantly evolving , taking advantage of political and sectarian factors , as well as vacuums in governance . And while the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  is capturing the headlines today , its rise is being watched and matched elsewhere . Indeed , before ISIS , there was the effective merger of Al-Shabaab and al Qaeda , which led to increased movement of fighters and weapons to Somalia . Any response to groups like ISIS , then , must be similarly joined up , taking into account all potential hotspots and breeding grounds for extremism . Perhaps the most important lesson for all countries focused on countering extremists is that young people need to be given the tools and knowledge required to repulse those who seek to radicalize and then recruit them into such networks . In Kenya , for example , we have seen some of our young men and women lured into Somalia for training before returning to try to strike their home country . How are terrorists able to turn these young people toward extremism ? Beyond the effective use of the Internet , such as has been displayed by ISIS , we have seen sophisticated appropriation of civil spaces like religious and educational institutions as well as refugee camps . This , combined with an ability to manipulate the narratives of group marginalization and oppression , has left too many vulnerable to the lure of radicalism . This can not be allowed to continue . In Kenya , we are striving to do more to help young people find the economic opportunities that will help them shun those looking to recruit them to extremism . Just as importantly , we want young Kenyans to understand the vital role they play in nurturing democracy so they can appreciate that even those not on the front line against terrorism have a role to play in fighting for good government and prosperity . The reality is that our longstanding friendship with the West and our choice of democracy enrages the terrorists as it offers an appealing alternative to their ideology of division and bitterness . The path of democracy and security is not a simple or quick one , but Kenya is grateful for its ties with the United States , and the example it has provided in standing against the terrorists . But it is time to do even more , together , while we have momentum on our side . The fragile security environment in Somalia still affords international terrorists a haven from which to launch their attacks . Kenya , with others in the region , such as the Somali National Army , is continuing its campaign to degrade and destroy Al-Shabaab , and to secure a peaceful Somalia . Robust support for the African Mission in Somalia  AMISOM  operations and stabilization efforts is vital to securing Somalia and denying the fighters operational space . With this in mind , we strongly urge expanded support for AMISOM , particularly in enabling ready access to air and maritime support . And it is also time to further expand our efforts against radicalization and recruitment . Together , the global community must hold the enablers of this process accountable , including by exposing and disabling the illicit financial flows that oil the wheels of radicalization . Even as we expand our democracies , we must demand high levels of transparency and responsibility from all institutions -- civil , commercial or governmental -- that are in a position to feed the foreign fighter and terrorist ranks . These efforts must take place within a wider strategy that encompasses all states , and the recent African Union Peace and Security Council Summit on Terrorism and Violent Extremism in Africa was a good example of the region coming together to address the threat within our midst . East Africa , meanwhile , is also deepening security cooperation in concrete ways , even as we integrate our region . It is true that we can not deny that Kenya has paid a heavy price for the values and allies we have adopted -- Westgate is just one example of that . But the choices we have made on standing up against extremism have been the right ones . Kenya is meeting its responsibilities in the global war against terrorism . I hope that our allies will continue to stand by us and support us in a fight in which we all have a stake .	Kenya has been marking a year since the Westgate Mall attack , which claimed 67 lives Focus on young people in defeating ISIS , Kenyan President Uhuru , Kenyatta writes Demand transparency and responsibility from all institutions , Kenyatta says
CNN  -- A man arrested with a stash of fake military , law enforcement and medical paraphernalia -- including badges and uniforms -- has told investigators he "  lives in a fantasy world , " a police official said Tuesday . But authorities still are n't convinced the man , Roy Antigua , 52 , is telling the truth . They intend to dig deeper to make sure nothing more sinister was at hand , New Port Richey Police Chief James Steffens said . "  Best case scenario : fantasy gone wild . Worst case scenario , you can draw your own conclusion , " Steffens said . "  I 'd be very surprised and relieved if I was proven wrong , but there 's just too much here , " he said . Police arrested Antigua in the coastal Florida city of New Port Richey August 1 for a traffic offense and parole violation . An officer noticed that the identification card Antigua provided seemed strange and had plastic where it should n't have been . This launched the investigation that led to the stash , Steffens said . The materials found in Antigua 's two homes and Cadillac Escalade included diplomatic license plates and dozens of fake identification cards from the Department of Homeland Security , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Department of Defense , CIA and NASA . The suspect also had access badges to hospitals around Florida , doctor and nurse scrubs , a respiratory technician badge , police blue lights and access stickers to Coast Guard bases around Florida , Steffens said . It was unclear if the badges and access stickers would have allowed Antigua entry into any restricted areas . During questioning , Antigua admitted that he had fabricated most of the credentials and items that police seized , Steffens said . The only legitimate identification was a badge identifying Antigua as a member of the Coast Guard auxiliary , a volunteer group . Antigua has denied any criminal wrongdoing , Steffens said . "  His explanation is that he was remorseful and this is his personal collection that he lives in a fantasy world and he wishes that he were these people , " Steffens said . "  I 'm not accepting that it 's a fantasy at this point , " Steffens said . "  I think there 's something here . We just have to figure out what it was and deal with it . " Since a news conference Monday about Antigua 's arrest , authorities have received more than 100 tips , Steffens said . Many came them from residents who said they had encounters with Antigua passing himself off as a law enforcement officer or member of the military . Steffens said he does not yet know if the tips are legitimate , but he said he had one such encounter himself . Steffens said he met Antigua during a memorial service in May . The man was wearing the blue uniform of a lieutenant commander of the U.S. Coast Guard , Steffens said . "  I never even raised an eyebrow , " Steffens said of the encounter . Authorities have confirmed Antigua is not in the Coast Guard . He last worked for a health care company , Steffens said . While Steffens said investigators from his department plan to pursue the case further , one law enforcement agency has bowed out . The U.S. Secret Service said it is not concerned about one of the man 's patches , which contains references to the agency and Air Force One . The patch is n't a real Secret Service item , and Antigua does n't appear to be a threat to President Barack Obama , said John Joyce , special agent in charge of the Secret Service field office in Tampa . "  Nothing that we saw by either interviewing him or by what he had in his possession , we felt had anything to do with our protective mission , " Joyce said . CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : A man with a cache of badges , uniforms , denies wrongdoing , police chief says NEW : The man told investigators he "  lives in a fantasy world , " the chief says Chief James Steffens says he 's not ready to accept the fantasy claim
EW  -- There seem to be four big-screen modes for Pierce Brosnan : James Bond , magnetic sly fox  "  The Thomas Crown Affair , " "  The Matador "  , way out-of-his-depths leading man  "  Mamma Mia ! "  , and action-thriller paycheck-coaster . "  The November Man , " which reunites Brosnan with his "  Dante 's Peak " director , Roger Donaldson , falls squarely but surely in the last category . Box office preview : Summer 2014 goes out with a sigh Brosnan plays boozehound and ex-CIA agent Peter Devereaux , who is coaxed out of retirement to stop a conspiracy involving a war criminal  Lazar Ristovski  . He 's also asked to protect a relief worker  Olga Kurylenko , a former Bond girl of the Daniel Craig era  who holds more secrets than anyone could guess -- except the audience , that is -- while ducking a past protege  the stiff-as-a-board Luke Bracey  who chases him in some rather meh cat-and-mouse power play .  There 's even an actual cat that makes some cameo appearances . Is Joaquin Phoenix the prescription for Marvel 's ` Doctor Strange ' ? The movie , based on Bill Granger 's popular spy novel series , could easily have been made in Brosnan 's post-Remington Steele days , with its fondness for familiar '80s action tropes like smashed BMWs and heavy arterial spray . Once in a while , there 's a certain drive-in/double feature junkiness that elicits a chuckle or two  especially any scene with an oily officioso played by the growling Bill Smitrovich , the only performer who seems to be having any fun  . But the utter lack of originality eventually sinks the movie , and the climax has more howlers than a wolf convention . "  The November Man " may be an August release , but its silliness would make it a non-event any month of the year . Grade : C See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Pierce Brosnan 's "  The November Man " is an "  action thriller paycheck-coaster " The movie reunites Brosnan with his "  Dante 's Peak " director , Roger Donaldson The actor plays a "  boozehound " and ex-CIA agent who gets coaxed out of retirement Overall , the movie is silly and lacks originality
Madrid  CNN  -- Three Chechens suspected of Islamist terrorist activity were arrested in France this week in a joint French-Spanish operation , Spain 's Interior Ministry said Friday . The arrests Tuesday were a follow-up to raids last August in southern Spain when police broke up a suspected three-man terrorist cell that planned attacks in Spain and elsewhere in Europe , the ministry statement said . The August 2012 raids , in the town of Linea de la Concepcion , on the Spanish border with the British colony Gibraltar , turned up evidence that the suspected terror cell had links in France and other European countries , the ministry said . That eventually led to the arrests Tuesday . The suspects were identified as Ali Dokaev , arrested in Noyon , 100 kilometers  62 miles  northeast of Paris ; Elsy Issakov , arrested in Les Lilas on the east side of Paris ; and Mourad Idrissov , arrested in Genevieve des Bois , on the south side of Paris , the ministry said . The alleged ringleader of the group charged with terrorist offenses in Spain , Eldar Magomedov , is from the Russian republic of Dagestan . Western intelligence services had located him in France along with a Chechen associate in the first half of 2012 , according to Fernando Reinares , a senior terrorism analyst at the Elcano Royal Institute in Madrid . Magomedov , a former Russian special forces commando , had attended training camps in Afghanistan and Pakistan , Reinares said , citing intelligence passed to Spain by other intelligence services . Between 2008 and 2011 , he had operated in Dagestan and the Pakistani tribal territories of North and South Waziristan , transiting between them , Reinares said . Western intelligence had established that Magomedov had ties to both al Qaeda and the Islamic Jihad Union , an Uzbek group affiliated to al Qaeda that in 2007 orchestrated a plot to kill U.S. soldiers in Germany , Reinares told CNN . French security services tipped off their Spanish counterparts about the probable arrival of Magomedov and the Chechen associate , Muhammad Adamov , in May , according to Reinares . The French had been tracking the duo and monitoring their phone calls . At one point , they intercepted a phone call in which the two men described Spain as a "  more easy country to get explosives , " the analyst said . While on French soil , Magomedov established a connection with individuals of North Caucasus origin who were under police surveillance for their involvement in a network of suspected Chechen jihadists , Reinares told CNN . He said the arrests in France this week were likely to be related to the connections Magomedov made while in France . Magomedov and Adamov were arrested by Spanish police in August on a bus traveling toward France . Both deny the charges against them and await trial . Reinares said the arrests in France and Spain show greater attention needs to be focused on Islamist militant networks originating from the North Caucasus . A British counterterrorism official told CNN last year that one the most pronounced new challenges for Western intelligence services is the growing nexus between organized criminal groups from the region and terrorist groups operating on European soil .	Three suspects are arrested in a joint French-Spanish operation , Spanish officials say The arrests are a follow-up to raids last August in southern Spain Those raids turned up evidence that led to the arrests
CNN  -- Barcelona manager Gerardo Martino said prior to Sunday 's El Clasico that it was his team 's last chance in the Spanish title race . His side came through against Real Madrid -- and it was a familiar face who led the way . Lionel Messi netted a hat-trick to become the leading scorer in El Clasico history as part of a 4-3 Barcelona victory that featured just about everything in Madrid . The estimated worldwide television audience of 400 million for arguably football 's biggest club game could n't have been disappointed . "  Messi has  put in many performances like the one he put in today , but the impact is greater in a Clasico , " Martino was quoted as saying on Barcelona 's website . "  I really have run out of words for him . " The first half alone produced four goals but it could have been six or seven . The referee was in the spotlight for awarding three penalties , two to Barcelona , and what would an El Clasico be without a red card ? It went to Real Madrid 's Sergio Ramos midway in the second half with the home team leading 3-2 and predictably changed the complexion of the affair . Out went Real Madrid 's 31-game unbeaten streak , a run that began following Barcelona 's win in this season 's first league meeting between the giants in October . But a part of Madrid wo n't be disappointed with the result , since Atletico Madrid assumed top spot in La Liga ahead of its city rival thanks to a better head-to-head record . Barcelona trails by a point . "  La Liga has started over , we 're back in the fight for the title , " added Martino . The early moments of Sunday 's showdown suggested it would be an open contest and so it was n't much of a surprise that it took a mere seven minutes to produce a goal . Messi 's ball released Andres Iniesta , who shot into the top corner . Karim Benzema should have quickly leveled but his effort sailed over the bar and four-time world player of the year Messi was guilty of a rare bad miss himself , scuffing his shot when in alone . Angel di Maria outshone his fellow winger Gareth Bale , his first-half display scintillating . Messi 's fellow Argentine set up Benzema 's header in the 20th minute for 1-1 -- although keeper Victor Valdes ' reaction suggested he knew he made a mistake . With Barcelona reeling , Benzema 's close-range finish in the 24th minute handed Madrid the advantage and the French international was only denied a hat-trick when Gerard Pique cleared off the line . Messi tied proceedings in the 42nd minute to break Alfredo di Stefano 's El Clasico record , with Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas and Real Madrid defender Pepe shown yellow cards in the aftermath when they touched heads -- and then theatrically fell to the ground . Bale -- the world 's most expensive player who entered the game in his best form of the campaign -- ran at the Barcelona defense to set up Benzema , who was deprived by Valdes to begin the second half . Cue the controversy . Referee Alberto Undiano Mallenco awarded Real Madrid a penalty when Dani Alves clipped Ronaldo but contact appeared to be outside the box . Ronaldo , who like Bale was mostly quiet Sunday , took the spot kick and the reigning world player of the year converted in the 55th minute . Messi sent through Neymar and the Brazilian -- about to be substituted after struggling -- was ruled to have been fouled in the box by Ramos . Undiano Mallenco again pointed to the spot , Ramos as the last man received the 19th red card of his career and Messi leveled in the 65th to make yet more history . He became the second leading scorer in La Liga on 236 goals . With Real Madrid forced to sit back and defend , the breakneck pace predictably slowed . Alves hit the post but when Iniesta went down under a challenge from Xabi Alonso , Undiano Mallenco awarded the third penalty . Up stepped Messi in the 83rd minute . He showed no nerves , sending his kick into the roof of the net for a 26th career hat-trick and second in as many games . "  We had chances and we are not happy , but not to worry , the league is still open , " Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti told reporters . Atletico earlier Sunday downed last-place Real Betis 2-0 . A dogged Betis frustrated Atletico for the opening 55 minutes but when Braian Rodriguez was sent off for a second yellow , the visitor pounced . Gabi -- with a long-range stunner -- and Diego Costa scored in the 58th and 64th minutes , respectively , to give Atletico the win and ultimately first place in Spain .	Lionel Messi 's hat-trick lifts Barcelona to a 4-3 win over 10-man Real Madrid Messi becomes the leading scorer in El Clasico history , passing Alfredo di Stefano Barcelona opened the scoring before Real Madrid took 2-1 and 3-2 leads Atletico Madrid moves atop the La Liga standings after a 2-0 win over Betis
CNN  -- In the lush rainforests of Africa 's Congo Basin , hundreds of thousands of indigenous people live as hunter gatherers , depending on the forest 's natural resources for their survival . Yet most have no legal rights to the land that has been their home for millennia . But GPS technology is helping indigenous people map the land they call home and produce documents that can help preserve their access to the forest that is their lifeblood . Rainforest Foundation UK  RFUK  is one group that organizes "  community mapping " projects in central Africa 's Congo Basin . Spread across six countries , and covering more than 1.3 million square miles -- an area twice the size of Alaska -- the Congo Basin includes an expanse of rainforest second only in size to the Amazon . It is also home to 40 million people , says Georges Thierry Handja , of RFUK . They include up to half a million hunter-gatherer people , often referred to as "  pygmies , " whose lives are intimately linked to the rainforest . "  In almost all of the Congo Basin official laws say the land belongs to the state , " says Handja . "  Our challenge is to support those people to be able challenge those laws . " Handja says that because forest people have no legal rights to the land where they live , their governments can simply give the land to logging and mining companies , who often prevent indigenous people from accessing the land . "  Hunter-gatherer communities suffer most from the situation because 80 to 90 % of their livelihood comes from forest products to survive , " says Handja . "  When nothing is done ... you see a situation where communities start dying and the number of people in the communities diminishes throughout the years . " See also : Race to save the leatherback turtle RFUK 's "  Mapping for Rights " program trains forest people to map their land using GPS devices , marking the areas they use for activities such as hunting and fishing -- as well as their sacred sites -- and the routes they use to access these vital areas . The GPS information is used to create a definitive map of the land used by these semi-nomadic communities , which can be used to challenge decisions that see them excluded from areas of forest . "  The map is not an end , it 's the beginning of the process , " says Handja . "  Once the indigenous people have the map we must support them to have discussions , negotiations with the decision makers . " Handja explains that if , for example , an area of rainforest has been earmarked for a palm oil plantation , the aim is to arrange discussions between the palm oil company , the government and the communities that live there , to ensure the needs of the community are considered . The maps provide objective evidence that people rely on the land , and that continued access to it is essential for them . But is not just logging , mining and palm oil plantations that threaten the forest people ; they can also find themselves excluded from land designated as a conservation area . See also : Butterfly farmers help protect threatened forests Handja says that when land in the Congo Basin is designated a national park or conservation area , indigenous people are often banned from hunting in , or even entering , the area . But some indigenous communities have been fighting back . Cameroon 's Centre for Environment and Development  CED  has been running community mapping projects for 10 years . Like RFUK , it trains forest communities to map their land using GPS technology . In 2007 and 2008 CED partnered with the Forest Peoples Program to map rainforest used by the Baka hunter-gatherer people near the new Boumba Bek National Park in Cameroon . The maps revealed that the Baka people traditionally collected honey , mangoes and medicinal plants from land that was now designated part of the national park . The maps were presented to the WWF , which manages the park . As a result of the maps , and those produced by the WWF 's own community mapping projects , the WWF granted the local Baka people greater access to the national park . Of course , maps themselves are no guarantee that indigenous people will be allowed access to forest , but they are a vital negotiating tool , according to CED 's Diderot Nguepjouo . "  When you have a map it 's easy to discuss with government -- you can even discuss with other actors , mining , logging companies , " he says . "  When it 's not based on GIS  Geographic Information Systems  data , it 's difficult ; those people say you ca n't prove that , it 's not real , it 's not the situation in the field . "  With GIS technology ... it 's easy for other people outside the mapping process to verify if that the information is exactly placed on the map and on the land at the same place . " RFUK and CED claim that not only can community mapping protect forest people 's rights , but it can protect the rainforest itself . They say indigenous communities have a vested interest in conserving the rainforest they have lived in for thousands of years . Following the Boumba Bek mapping project , the WWF concluded that , far from threatening the survival of the rainforest , the Baka people were "  excellent nature conservators . " "  When land is removed from communities and given to , say , a mining company , it is very few years before it is completely cut down , " says Handja . "  The way communities manage the forest really allows it to be sustainable for many years . " He adds : "  Where you find protected areas you always find indigenous peoples -- if their way of living was harmful to the environment it would not be possible to have such biodiversity there and be able to create protected areas there . "  They have to be part of the management of such areas and allow them to keep on living the way they are living now -- when this is not the case it 's very harmful to their lives . "	Indigenous communities in Congo Basin often have no legal rights to the land where they live "  Community mapping " projects train forest people to use GPS to map their land Rainforest Foundation UK says maps help people retain access to the forest
CNN  -- NATO has released satellite photos that show the extent of Russia 's military mobilization on its border with Ukraine -- including fighter jets , tanks , artillery and thousands of soldiers who are prepared to invade within 12 hours if called upon , say officials . The photos appear to confirm Western leaders ' fears that Russia may be preparing for a ground invasion of eastern Ukraine , despite NATO 's call for Russia to withdraw its forces from the border . What do the photos show ? The photos , which private satellite imaging firm DigitalGlobe says it took between March 22 and April 2 , purportedly reveal dozens of Russian "  fast jets , " helicopters and infantry units that were not spotted in photos of the same areas last year . NATO estimates there are up to 40,000 troops massed at various locations along the Ukrainian border , and says it has spotted Russian forces at more than 100 different sites . The photos of military equipment and infantry personnel should be greater cause for concern than the ones of the fighter jets , according to experts who have examined the photos for CNN . The photos of tanks , artillery battalions , and infantry brigades near Novocherkassk -- just 50 kilometers from the Ukrainian border -- show Russia 's preparation for a potential invasion , says Igor Sutyagin , a research fellow for Russian studies at RUSI , a defense and security think tank . Another photo shows more than a dozen MI8 Hips or MI24 Hinds attack helicopters sitting in a sparse air field at Belgorod , a Russian facility just 40 kilometers from the Ukrainian border . "  Moving these helicopters closer to the operational area would make sense in the event of an invasion , " Sutyagin says . Another photo purportedly shows a build-up of Russian Su-27 Flanker , Su-24 Fencer , and MiG-31 Foxhound fighter jets at the formerly vacant Buturlinovka air base , 150 kilometers from the Ukrainian border . Sutyagin says the recent build-up of these jets in what appear to be sparsely resourced air fields does n't make much sense from a strategic standpoint . "  The planes seem to be more about parade than about preparation , " he says . "  Firstly , they 're designed to fly hundreds of kilometers anyway , so moving them another 90 kilometers closer to the border wo n't make much difference . " He added : "  If the Russians do not have installations to service the planes , or utilize weapons storages , and if they 're far from their permanent bases where their rear-support units are concentrated , they can not be operationally effective for an invasion . " Why has NATO released the photos now ? Are they exaggerating the threat ? Keir Giles , an associate fellow at the Chatham House think tank , says there must be serious cause for alarm for NATO to have released the photos . "  You have to assume that there have been behind the scenes consultations between Russian and NATO , but obviously those have been limited in effectiveness for NATO to release this kind of imagery , which it would not normally do , " Giles says . "  Should we trust NATO on this ? Yes , because it has no interest whatsoever in exacerbating the situation . This is a crisis which they 're trying to play down wherever possible and make it clear it 's not involved . " Giles also says that the Russian military officers he regularly speaks with have suddenly gone silent . "  One possible explanation is that they 've been told to curtail contact with foreigners , " he says . "  And if that is the reason , whenever that 's happened in the past , it has not been a good sign . " What is Russia saying about the photos ? A Russian military official told Russia Today that the photos were taken in August of last year during military drills -- a claim NATO called "  categorically false " in a statement Friday . "  This is a force that 's very capable at high readiness , " British Army Brigadier Gary Deakin said at a briefing at NATO military headquarters in Mons , Belgium on Thursday . "  And as we 've illustrated through the imagery , it 's close to routes and lines of communications and it has the resources to be able to move quickly into Ukraine if it was ordered to do so . " Could Russia really invade Ukraine in 12 hours ? While many of the Russian troops are 50 kilometers or more from Ukraine 's border , some are just 6-7 kilometers away , according to RUSI 's Sutyagin . "  In one hour some of these troops could be on the Ukrainian side , though for others it will take longer , " he says . One of key aims of the Russian military transformation effort since 2008 , according to Chatham House 's Keir Giles , was to create "  permanent readiness units " that need just an hour to move if required . "  What we 're seeing on the border does n't necessarily mean Russia is preparing to invade , " he says , "  but it would seem to mean that Russia wishes to be fully prepared to launch an invasion if Vladimir Putin sees that it 's necessary . " What is NATO saying by releasing the photos ? Sutyagin says NATO is trying to show the Kremlin that even the slightest move now will provoke a disproportionally severe reaction . "  NATO is telling Russia : ` Look , we are serious and we mean business . We 're not going to keep silent over any of your moves , so you better just pull back . ' "	NATO releases satellite photos purportedly showing Russian military buildup near Ukraine Photos , reportedly taken just weeks ago , show jets , tanks , and troops amassing near border Russia says photos were taken last August -- NATO says claim is "  categorically false " NATO official says Russia has up to 40,000 troops ready to invade Ukraine if called upon
CNN  -- "  It was booked as a Kids in the Hall tour , but the stages were too small . " Kevin McDonald explains -- as only he can -- his current U.S. comedy act with Scott Thompson . They 're calling it "  Two Kids , One Hall . " "  They could only fit two-and-a-half of us , " he says , "  So we fired two-and-a-half , and the other guy did n't want to come as a half . After some contract negotiation , it became Scott and I. " Longtime fans of the legendary Canadian sketch comedy group know the full cast as also including Dave Foley , Bruce McCulloch and Mark McKinney .  McDonald did n't specify which of these three was asked to be half a man on the tour , but the smart money is on Foley . From 1989 to 1995 , the Kids in the Hall enjoyed TV success , and many of their sketches and phrases have become a part of pop culture lore . For instance , if you 've ever crushed somebody 's head , you , sir , have enjoyed a Kids in the Hall moment . There 's plenty more from their catalog of absurdity , and you can pretty much find them all somewhere on the Interwebs . But if you 're looking for a place to start , this author 's personal favorite is a sketch called "  Citizen Kane . " And my friend Paul favors one called "  Wrong Number . " So , here , now , you have some Kids in the Hall advice from somebody named Paul , and somebody with the last name Bellini . Feel free to touch us . Despite being known for their sketches , the current Scott Thompson/Kevin McDonald tour is actually more focused on stand-up comedy . Thompson says , "  I never liked it until very recently . I always felt too exposed and out of control . " It 's definitely something new for Thompson and McDonald , and , perhaps , even more new for their fans . But the chemistry between the two comedians comes out best when they share the stage during moments throughout the show . And it certainly came out when we sat down with them in Atlanta before their performances at The Punchline . As you 'll see in our video , Thompson and McDonald feed off each other with ease , often completing each other 's thoughts . Certainly , like all comedy , the Kids in the Hall are n't for everyone , but there 's no denying their success ; especially if catching the eye of a young Uma Thurman is the barometer of that success . Thompson recalls meeting her backstage after a show early in the group 's career . "  Uma Thurman at the time was the sexiest woman in the world , " he says . "  We had never met a celebrity before . We all thought she wanted to sleep with us . It really was a big launching pad for us . It made us think that wow , we 're in the big leagues . She was the first responder . " She did n't sleep with them .	McDonald and Thompson were part of the Kids in the Hall sketch comedy group From 1989 to 1995 , the Kids in the Hall enjoyed TV success and pop culture fame Despite being known for sketches , the current tour is stand-up comedy
Remember Syria 's chemical weapons ? Yes , those , the ones the Syrian regime agreed to give up after President Obama threatened to bomb . All of the "  priority one " the most dangerous of those weapons , were supposed to be gone by December 31 last year . They 're not . Almost all of them -- more than 95 % -- are still in Syria despite a commitment by the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to get rid of his deadly arsenal . The deal to remove Syria 's stock of WMD was the one tangible accomplishment of the Obama administration 's approach to the Middle East 's multiple crises . Now that deal looks to be failing , even as red flags also start flying along the path to a deal with Iran . It 's hard to escape the impression that Iran and its close ally , Syria , are toying with the U.S. America is earnestly seeking a diplomatic solution . And we should all hope diplomacy succeeds in securing an agreement that stops the carnage in Syria and one that prevents Iran from becoming a greater threat to its neighbors . But there is a reason these efforts are already running into trouble . Secretary of State John Kerry is valiantly pursuing the suit-and-tie approach to peace , but Kerry is handicapped by the growing perception that Obama will not use military force under any circumstances . The U.S. does n't need to release bombs to show it is powerful . What it needs to do is remind its adversaries , its enemies , that it has options beyond the well-appointed rooms of hotels along Lake Geneva . Obama can do this by speaking directly and firmly about those choices . That alone would go a long way in reshaping some points of views , and could produce results . If it does n't , more concrete steps would be required , from increasing material support for specific anti-al-Assad forces to a tightening of sanctions against Iran and other steps . Diplomats can help concentrate the mind of their interlocutors when the people on the other side of the table worry about the possible cost of failure . This is true of Syria 's al-Assad , who has heard Obama 's threats on the use of chemical weapons starting in the summer of 2012 , and is still playing games with America while relentlessly slaughtering and starving his people . And it is true about Iran , which just heard Obama during the State of the Union threaten to veto a plan to set the stage now for additional sanctions against Iran if negotiations fail in the next six months . Iranian officials presumably also heard the president state what so many have stopped believing : that he is prepared "  to exercise all options to make sure Iran does not build a nuclear weapon . " Iran foreign minister says Obama 's remarks are for "  domestic consumption " The more we hear from the Iranians , the less likely it seems that a successful agreement can be reached . After CNN 's Fareed Zakaria talked to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani last week , he concluded there 's a "  train wreck " on its way in negotiations . The U.S. is moving forward on the assumption that a deal would involve the dismantling of some key nuclear facilities , but Rouhani , the moderate face of the Islamist Republic , made it "  categorically , specifically and unequivocally " clear that Iran has no intention of ever rolling back its nuclear program . On Syria , I had heard rumors that the removal of its most terrifying weapons was not going as scheduled . Then an anonymous source told Reuters that the regime has delivered a dismal 4.1 % of the 1,300 tons of toxic agents it has reported , "  and there is no sign of more , " on the way . Then the U.S. confirmed it . On Thursday , Ambassador Robert Mikulak , who heads the U.S. delegation to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , told the group that Syria is ignoring the timeline for removal of banned weapons and displaying "  a ` bargaining mentality ' rather than a security mentality . " In addition , he said , there is little progress on Syria 's commitment to destroy its chemical weapons production facilities . If Syria 's games over its chemical weapons sound familiar -- agreements followed by "  misunderstandings " and endless delays -- it is because we see much the same already unfolding with Iran . Iran 's President and foreign minister are well versed in their communications strategy with the West . They are charming and fluent , speaking directly to Western publics who would like nothing better than to be done with the threat of a confrontation . And how great it would be to truly resolve the issue diplomatically . Hope , however , is not a strategy any more than closing your eyes when you do n't like what you see , as when Iranian President Hassan Rouhani tweeted that in the Geneva agreement the "  world powers surrendered " to Iran . That 's when the White House dismissed the worrisome statement as a play for a domestic audience . Since then , however , one after another Iranian official has maintained they have no intention of taking apart any of their nuclear program . Without destroying any centrifuges , reactors , or other facilities , Iran can negotiate with the West , and receive political , diplomatic and economic benefits from the loosening of sanctions , as it already has . And then , as top Iranian officials have said , it can reverse any freeze and resume high-level enrichment in 24 hours . That 's the vow from the top nuclear negotiator and the foreign minister . Making matters worse , much worse , we have just learned that American intelligence officials believe Iran has essentially already reached the "  nuclear breakout " capability it sought . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told Congress this week that Iran has made "  technical progress in a number of areas -- including uranium enrichment , nuclear reactors , and ballistic missiles -- from which it could draw if it decided to build missile-deliverable nuclear weapons . " In other words , he concluded , the only thing between Iran and nuclear weapons is a political decision to build the bomb . Everything else is already in place . That extraordinary revelation received little attention in the U.S. , where the headlines were consumed with the crisis in ice-logged Atlanta . In other places , the news was cause for alarm . "  Heaven help us , " tweeted a respected Israeli journalist , "  Iran can now build and deliver nukes . " How is it possible that Iran and Syria are getting away with this ? Iran and Syria are not the only countries convinced that the U.S. will not take military action . Saudi Arabia apparently has reached much the same conclusion . After his 2012 red lines became blurred , the deal to get rid of al-Assad 's chemical weapons allowed Obama to claim he had succeeded in showing consequences for their use , even if al-Assad stayed in place and the killing continued . But now it looks as if essentially nothing has changed . Except that tens of thousands more have died . To support American diplomacy , Obama needs to erase that image of a weak America . Again , there is no need to launch attacks and deploy troops . But there is a need to show to America 's enemies they can not play the U.S. for a fool . The President needs to assert convincingly that he will be able to exercise power if that becomes necessary . Nothing would be more helpful to the chances for diplomatic success .	Syria has only removed about 4 % of priority one chemical weapons , U.S. says Frida Ghitis : Syria , Iran seem willing to toy with the U.S. , raising doubt about negotiations She says U.S. needs to make clear that it will back up its positions with action
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . CareerBuilder.com  -- Rachel Weingarten is hesitant to admit how long it 's been since she took a "  real " vacation . More than 31 percent of college-grad working men regularly put in 50 hours a week , according to a study . "  It was  over eight years ago , " the thirtysomething finally confesses . She travels often , but her getaways always turn into work , she says . "  Even if I 'm going to a spa , I 'm usually reviewing it . " Weingarten has plenty of work to keep her occupied . She 's president of Brooklyn-based GTK Marketing Group , an author and the founder of a successful networking venture . "  I probably work about 10 hours a day , seven days a week , " she says . The tally gets even higher when she 's planning an event . Rachel Weingarten is a self-admitted workaholic -- and an insomniac . "  I really do n't know how to unwind , " she says . "  I 'm always excited when I get jet lag , because it 's the only time I get tired and forced to relax . " More than 31 percent of college-educated male workers regularly work more than 50 hours per week , according to a recent study from the University of California , Santa Barbara . For some , these long hours lead to burnout , but for others , they can become an addiction . Support groups like Workaholics Anonymous chapters are popping up all over the United States to help workers cope . Workaholism , or compulsive working , takes many forms , according to Workaholics Anonymous literature . These include : "  deriving our identity and self-esteem from what we do ; keeping overly busy , neglecting our health , relationships and spirituality ; seeing everything as work-related ; having no desire to do anything  work avoidance or burnout  ; procrastinating ; postponing vacations and rest ; doing unnecessary work ; perfectionism ; avoiding intimacy and being controlling . " Constant working is n't always a bad thing . Weingarten admits her social life has suffered a bit , but her work schedule has helped advance her career . "  What I do is so much fun , it does n't feel like work , " she says . But not all compulsive workers share this passion for their jobs , says Kerry Sulkowicz , MD and founder and principal of The Boswell Group , a New York-based firm that provides business psychology consulting services . "  Workaholics , interestingly , do n't necessarily enjoy their work , " he says . "  To the contrary , they just feel compelled to be doing it all the time , and some even complain about it incessantly . " This compulsion can actually diminish productivity and sour work relationships , Sulkowicz warns . "  Workaholics tend to downplay the impact their habits have on those around them , including making peers and subordinates feel they have to maintain the same breakneck pace , " he says . " ... They set a terrible example for maintaining a reasonable work-life balance . " Working constantly can also make an employee seem inefficient , says Ben Dattner , president of Dattner Consulting , LLC , a New York-based organizational consulting firm . Workers putting in constant face time may seem like they 're more focused on effort than results , he says , and overworked managers could look like they ca n't delegate efficiently . It 's not just office workers taking their jobs to the extreme . Jen Singer , author and creator of www.MommaSaid.net , a Forbes Best of the Web community for at-home moms , says she is a recovering workaholic herself : "  A stay-at-home mom-aholic . " Singer says during her children 's early years , she tried to devote every waking hour to quality bonding or educational time with her children . "  Somehow , I thought that if I took time to fold the laundry or vacuum , it was taking precious time away from my children , " she recalls . Eventually , Singer became so frazzled and exhausted she nodded off at Dragon Tales Live , a musical show held in an area with tens of thousands of screaming preschoolers . "  My head starting bobbing soon after the bubbly announcer asked , ` Do you know why we 're so happy ? ' And I answered , ` Too much Prozac ? ' " she recalls . "  I was so punchy that I was heckling a show for three-year-olds . " Singer found recovery in taking some time off while her husband took the kids , slowly teaching her kids to entertain themselves , and hiring a babysitter once a week to allow herself some time to write . Other workaholics may find respite by negotiating alternative work schedules , scheduling additional time with their families , or even exploring new career options . For more severe work issues , however , a support group may offer relief . For more information on Workaholics Anonymous , visit www.workaholics-anonymous.org . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Workaholism , or compulsive working , takes many forms For some , long work hours can become an addiction This compulsion can diminish productivity and sour work relationships Workaholics do n't necessarily enjoy their work
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A Taliban suicide bomber attacked a bus carrying Afghan military personnel in Kabul on Wednesday , killing at least 16 people and wounding 26 others , authorities said . The dead included eight officers from the Afghan air force , three Defense Ministry workers and five other civilians , Defense Ministry and public health officials said . Thirteen military officers were among the wounded , the rest were civilians , the officials said . Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said in a statement that the group claims responsibility for the attack . Deadly attacks by militants , often aimed at government and military targets , periodically hit the Afghan capital . Traffic accident kills 17 in Afghanistan ; others die in roadside bombings Opinion : Afghanistan , the next Iraq ? Journalist Qadir Sediqi reported from Kabul , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	Eight officers from the Afghan air force are among those killed in the bombing The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack
The winter sun was low in the sky on Nice 's Promenade des Anglais when the $ 650,000 Ferrari Enzo driven by Suleiman Kerimov skidded into a tree and burst into flames . The Kremlin-connected tycoon and his passenger -- glamorous Russian TV anchor Tina Kandelaki -- were pulled out of the wreckage by passersby . Kerimov was badly burned and in critical condition . Barely alive , he was flown by helicopter to a hospital in nearby Marseilles and placed in intensive care . The year was 2006 and that November had brought stormy skies to the French Riviera , a known playground for Europe 's jet-setting elite . Kerimov survived but the incident left senior staffers at Barclays -- a bank which does business with some of Russia 's richest individuals and their companies -- deeply unsettled . Now , as Barclays ' investment banking practices come under the spotlight with inquiries into its rigging of Libor , the Kerimov episode provides echoes from the past . Warnings to staff Soon after the oligarch 's accident Hans-Joerg Rudloff , chairman of the firm 's Barclays Capital -- or BarCap -- unit and its main powerbroker for Russia , put in a call to Kerimov 's right-hand man Allen Vine . He wanted an update on the magnate 's health . The next day , around 25 staff working on Russian deals at BarCap 's Canary Wharf office in London were summoned to a meeting . One banker present recalls Rudloff using the Kerimov case as an example of why employees should ensure they conduct appropriate due diligence on clients . The banker did not want to be identified due to the sensitivity of the talks . "  Ask yourselves , " that banker says Rudloff told them . "  Who are these people ? Where does their money come from ? And where is it held in the event they pass away ? " Barclays declined to provide details of its dealings with Kerimov or its lending to Russians as a whole , for reasons of confidentiality . Emails and calls to the magnate 's Millennium Group went unanswered . Soon after the Kerimov affair Rudloff spoke with Jerry del Missier , then BarCap president and future chief operating officer for the Barclays group . Del Missier 's team was ordered to minimize risks by cutting the value of the bank 's equity swaps with Russian counterparties . Barclay 's Russian links Kerimov -- branded the "  secret oligarch " by the Financial Times -- was born in Dagestan , a republic in Russia 's North Caucasus . Two decades of heavy borrowing and investing in Russian blue chips have helped the 46-year-old to chart a course from the factory floor to the Forbes rich list . Latest estimates put his fortune at $ 6.5 billion . Oligarchs like Kerimov often obtain access to such leverage by pledging shares as collateral . The returns on such business -- called margin lending -- can be tantalizingly lucrative , but dangerous in default . Barclays would not say whether it had entered into such transactions with Kerimov or other oligarchs but a person familiar with the matter said the activity was commonplace for a top-tier investment bank . Barclays Capital : Loss and scandal Martin Taylor was Barclays ' chief executive back in 1998 , the year Russia could n't pay back its debts . Taylor , writing in the Financial Times this month , revealed BarCap traders had built up a large , unauthorized exposure to the country 's bond markets , incurring the bank substantial losses and making the firm look "  reckless " in the eyes of regulators . Barclays declined to comment on Taylor 's statement when contacted by CNN but the company 's annual report for the year shows BarCap swung to a # 265 million loss  $ 414 million  from a profit of # 252 million  $ 394 million  the year before . The publication cited the Russian economic crisis for the shortfall . Taylor said he spoke up now because of "  striking parallels " between that event and the bank 's recent "  lowballing ' " of Libor -- a key benchmark interest rate upon which trillions of dollars of financial contracts are priced . Barclays , whose admission to the Libor manipulation earned it a record $ 453 million penalty , took out advertisements in the British press this week to reassure people it was "  truly sorry for what has happened . " In the message , outgoing chairman Marcus Agius promised the organization would not allow itself to be "  distracted from what really matters -- delivering for -LSB- customers and clients -RSB- . " From Russia with risk When Barclays got burned on Russia fourteen years ago Bob Diamond was running the BarCap unit -- a job he held until being promoted to group chief executive in 2011 . Taylor , who has long since left the company , says he wished he had fired Diamond when he had the opportunity , but was swayed by the latter 's insistence he was unaware of the wrongdoing . Besides , the American swore he "  loved Barclays , " a defense repeated twice by the 60-year-old this month during his testimony to a parliamentary committee . Diamond resigned this July on the same day as del Missier saying the external pressure placed on the bank had "  reached a level that risks damaging the franchise . " A spokesman for Diamond declined to comment on Taylor 's remarks . Fast cars and football clubs Kerimov is unlikely to be the only client to have given Barclays cause for reflection . But he symbolizes its close ties with Russia and the relationship sheds light on the intensely private world of Barclays ' investment arm at a time when such banks -- which also manage consumer savings -- are under pressure to be more transparent . Those ties reach to the top of the organization ; Rudloff , for example , acts as vice-chair of Russia 's state controlled oil giant Rosneft alongside his chairmanship of BarCap . At the height of the 2008 financial crisis , when other British banks like Royal Bank of Scotland had to accept government bailouts , Barclays turned to the emerging markets for funds . Among the institutions it approached was Kremlin-controlled Sberbank , according to the banker . Instead it sold a stake to sovereign wealth funds in the Gulf states of Abu Dhabi and Qatar . Kerimov , a non-English speaker who avoids the limelight , surfaced on the international stage last year when his Dagestani soccer team bought former Barcelona striker Samuel Eto'o for a reported $ 30 million , cementing his oligarch status alongside the likes of Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich and Arsenal 's Alisher Usmanov . Off the pitch , Kerimov also plays a high-stakes game . His holdings -- past and present -- in some of the world 's largest companies , like Gazprom and Goldman Sachs , have seen him make and lose billions at a time , only to resurface rich once more thanks to his propensity to convince banks to extend him credit . In 2008 alone , the father of three 's net worth plummeted from $ 14.4 billion to just $ 3.1 billion , according to Forbes . Four years later his fortune had doubled again . At one point Barclays even tried to tap Kerimov for money by encouraging the oligarch to buy into a placement of its shares offered to fifty select parties , according to another banker with knowledge of the issue . That individual says Kerimov did not make the purchase , though Barclays ' pitch exemplifies the close links its top personnel enjoy with some of the world 's wealthiest and least-known people . Tendency to push the limits This week Adair Turner , head of the UK 's Financial Services authority , told British parliamentarians that Barclays had a "  cultural tendency to be always pushing the limits . " That tendency , it seems , has been there for some time . Taylor stood down from the top job at Barclays in 1998 , after clashing with the board over the "  risk shadow , " he says BarCap was exerting on the rest of the enterprise . A decade later a UK government-commissioned report -- partially written by Taylor - formally recommended banks separate their retail and investment divisions . But for all the theory , Barclays ' detractors have yet to acknowledge that the bank 's riskier division provides the bulk of the firm 's profit . Without the cash it generates the company 's balance sheet would look very different . Diamond , was once described by Britain 's former trade secretary , Peter Mandelson , as the "  unacceptable face of banking " for his generous pay packets and unapologetic stance after the credit crunch . He turned Barclays into the one of the most successful financial institutions in the UK and part of that plan involved bringing in Rudloff to build up its capital markets - or client funding - operations and target prospects such as Kerimov . Bereft of its investment banking veterans like Diamond and del Missier and with its top management in turmoil , the challenge for Barclays ' new guard will be to balance its legacy as a trusted , household name with the febrile hunt for returns -- be they in Russia or elsewhere .	The 2006 crash of a Ferrari prompted Barclays to reassess its Russian exposure Barclays ' links to Russia caused it pain when the country defaulted in 1998 Despite this , Barclays complex lending and high stakes deal-making continued The bank is now facing further scrutiny after its Libor fixing cost it $ 453 million in fines
CNN  -- If you 've ever been hit with one , you know how an unexpected "  resort fee " can take your breath away . At up to $ 30 a night , the dollars quickly add up when you spend a few nights in a hotel that charges a mandatory fee for amenities that might include the use of the property 's gym or pool . The element of surprise that accompanies some of these mandatory fees has caught the attention of the Federal Trade Commission , which recently sent a letter to 22 hotel operators warning that their online rate quotes may be deceptive and in violation of FTC regulations . The commission found that some of the hotel operators it addressed list only the room rate and taxes in online rate quotes , while listing mandatory fees separately either nearby or on another page , while other hotels list the fees in fine print or do n't list additional fees at all , indicating only that other fees may apply . Hotels ready for the end of the world "  These practices may violate the law by misrepresenting the price consumers can expect to pay for their hotel rooms , " the commission 's letter to hoteliers said . "  We believe that online hotel reservation sites should include in the quoted total price any unavoidable or mandatory fees , such as resort fees , that consumers will be charged to stay at the hotel . " The FTC declined to name the hotel operators that received the letter . "  This is the first time the FTC has publicly stated its position that it is deceptive for the hotels not to include mandatory fees as part of the total price they quote . We want to give the hotel operators an opportunity to come into compliance voluntarily before naming them publicly , " said commission spokeswoman Betsy Lordan via e-mail . A hotel for every taste : Fodor 's top 100 Charging mandatory fees for amenities that are included at many hotels is a balancing act for hoteliers , according to Howard Adler , a professor of hotel management at Purdue University . Hotels make money on resort fees , but they can lead to customer dissatisfaction and loss of business , he said via e-mail . "  Guest satisfaction is a very costly issue for hotels to deal with since  consumers  have so many choices and brand loyalty is fleeting at best , " Adler said . Guests who are surprised by fees when the bill arrives can be especially troubled by them . The trade commission encouraged the hotel operators to review their online price quoting procedures warning that the FTC "  may take action to enforce and seek redress for any violations of the FTC Act as the public interest may require . " So guests will still have to pay the fees , but chances are , you 'll know about them before the bill is slipped under the door . Business or pleasure ? Luxury hotels offer day-only rooms Have you ever encountered an unexpected hotel fee ? Share your experience below . Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Federal Trade Commission warns 22 hotel operators about unquoted fees Online reservation systems may misrepresent prices by leaving out mandatory fees , FTC says FTC has not publicly named the hotels it warned
CNN  The Irish writer James Joyce once said an excellent puzzle would be to try to cross Dublin without walking past a pub . A similar challenge for many cities in the United States would be to drive more than 20 miles on surface streets without hearing your wheels thrum over a perpendicular rail crossing . Trains and cars must share an uneasy co-existence here in the nation that railroads built , and for many drivers -- especially those who live near active tracks -- the act of crossing them also comes with a brief pause , perhaps mindful of the 3,000 tons of angry steel that could theoretically be barreling toward them . The horrendous possibility became a reality in the town of Valhalla , New York , on Wednesday evening when a Metro-North train slammed into an SUV that apparently got stuck on the tracks after a crossing bar dropped down on it . The driver , who apparently had gotten out of her car to investigate , was killed in the crash along with five passengers on the train . Fatalities such as these are not an aberration . An average of about five people each week are killed in train collisions , far more than those who lose their lives in commercial airline crashes . The exact cause of the Valhalla gate-lowering wo n't be known until the National Transportation Safety Board finishes its investigation . But the nation 's big railroads usually take the position that careless motorists or daredevils trying to beat the lowering gates are always the cause of the problem . Evidence indicates , however , that the victims are sometimes not at fault because the gates are malfunctioning or the lights are broken . State and local governments are responsible for keeping crossings safe and equipment up to date , but railroads can be complicit in allowing conditions to deteriorate to dangerous levels . Vegetation sometimes grows around signs without being trimmed , for example . A 2004 investigative series from The New York Times found a persistent pattern of railroad cover-ups in cases of fatal crashes . In some cases , records were destroyed and malfunctioning gates were quickly fixed before lawyers could examine the evidence . Five years later , the freight railroad network BNSF was fined $ 4 million by a judge for its "  staggering " and "  egregious " conduct in a lawsuit involving the deaths of four people struck by a train at a crossing with a broken gate . The railroad "  knowingly advanced lies , misleading facts and/or misrepresentations " in the legal proceedings , Judge Ellen Maas wrote . Short of running it underground or up on viaducts , there is no way to run a railroad across open land in the United States without crossing multiple surface streets and country lanes , putting the unwary at risk of being flattened by oncoming trains . The "  bells and bars " safety system designed to prevent this horror emerged in fits and starts through the last 180 years , and there are no current movements to replace it with anything else . The early railroaders of the 1830s got around this problem by posting guards at major crossings and instructing them to keep people away with force when a train was on the way . The first hand-cranked gate was patented in 1867 . Automatic flashing warning lights were introduced in 1913 , and the familiar X sign known as a "  crossbuck " became ubiquitous through the nation . The striped bar called a "  boom barrier " that automatically descends across the tracks used to cover two whole lanes of traffic , but it was eventually shortened to one lane to allow motorists trapped inside to find a way to maneuver out before the train plowed into them . That appears to have been what the Valhalla driver was attempting to do when she was struck . Better driver education and the painfully slow attempts by railroads and states to upgrade faulty crossing equipment have shown results over the last four decades . Total car-versus-train collisions are down from about 12,000 in 1972 to just over 2,000 in 2013 . But it does not change the fact that most American cities are seeded with permanent killing zones that can trap inattentive drivers .	Metro-North crash killed six people at railroad crossing in Valhalla , New York Overall , train fatalities down in U.S. , Tom Zoellner says But "  bells and bars " system still relies mainly on caution , proper gate maintenance , he says
CNN  -- Health care experts recently gathered at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta to discuss the public health crisis of hepatitis C , which is ravaging communities across America , and the budding hope that we may soon be able to eliminate it with a prescription medicine called Sovaldi . Hepatitis C , a chronic , potentially fatal liver disease , afflicts more than 3 million Americans . Solving the hepatitis C epidemic is a goal we should all embrace , which is why health plans are hard at work identifying at-risk patients so they can be screened and receive necessary treatment . Sovaldi , the brand name for sofosbuvir , holds remarkable promise . But the manufacturer of this drug , Gilead Sciences , has created an enormous obstacle that is straining our health care system : its eye-popping price . At $ 1,000 per pill , Sovaldi costs $ 84,000 for a single course of treatment , and well over $ 100,000 when combined with other medications , as is generally the case . If every person with hepatitis C were treated with Sovaldi alone at this price , the cost would be more than $ 268 billion . For some perspective , consider that in 2012 , the United States spent $ 263 billion for all prescription drugs . This pricing , which Gilead attempts to justify as the cost of medical advancement , will have a tsunami effect across our entire health care system . Because the cost of health insurance is fundamentally a reflection of the price of health care services , the excessive price of Sovaldi unavoidably puts upward pressure on premiums for everyone with private coverage . It will also strain state Medicaid and Department of Veterans Affairs programs . A recent analysis found that senior citizens on Medicare Part D could see premiums as much as 8 % higher next year because of the price of this one drug . And it 's been projected that California 's Medicaid spending on Sovaldi and the accompanying drugs could potentially outpace what the state spends in a year on K-12 and secondary education combined . High-priced drugs are not a new phenomenon . Drug makers have long used monopolies to inflate prices . But the trend with so-called specialty drugs is a game changer . Startling as the price of Sovaldi is , it 's just the canary in the coal mine . More and more specialty drugs are coming on the market , with tremendous promise to save and improve lives but also with exorbitant price tags . Although these specialty drugs only account for 1 % of the prescription drugs in this country , they already represent 25 % of the total cost , on the way to 50 % . Until now , policymakers and stakeholders have looked the other way as specialty drug prices have gone higher and higher . In fact , any discussion of price has been quashed as an assault on innovation . But asking for a blank check in the name of innovation wo n't work anymore . Not when it stands in the way of solving a public health crisis . Not when it threatens state Medicaid budgets and the success of Medicare Part D , and not when the pricing threatens the very innovation that is giving so many hope . Opinion : Hepatitis drugs save money in long run We can not have sustainable medical innovation in America without prices that the health care system can sustain . Just think , could we have eradicated polio or smallpox if the treatments were priced like hepatitis C ? Today 's public health challenge is to find a balance that rewards research and development and brings breakthroughs to patients , without upending family budgets , employer benefit systems and crucial public programs . That 's going to require an end to the sky 's - the-limit pricing that threatens the progress we all want . Now is the time for stakeholders to begin the process of working together to meet this challenge .	Karen Ignagni : A new drug holds hope in eliminating epidemic of hepatitis C in U.S. Ignagni : But drug costs outrageous $ 1,000 per pill , or $ 84,000 for entire treatment She warns cost will raise premiums and prices all across the heath care spectrum Ignagni : Drug makers must stop trend of charging astronomical prices that hurt us all
Editor 's Note : Donna Brazile , a Democratic strategist , is chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee 's Voting Rights Institute and founder of Brazile & Associates , a political consulting firm . She was the campaign manager for the Al Gore-Joe Lieberman ticket in 2000 and wrote "  Cooking with Grease . " Donna Brazile says Barack Obama 's inauguration is a huge milestone in the fight for equal rights WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Today Barack Obama will be sworn in as the 44th president of the United States of America . This is the day for which so many prayed , so many marched and so many more sacrificed . This is a day of jubilation and celebration . This is the day to rejoice and recommit ourselves to restoring the American dream for us all . Barack Obama 's election offers our country the opportunity to open a new chapter that will allow us to turn the corner on past prejudices and racial politics . When Sen. Obama announced his candidacy for president in 2007 , most people , black and white , thought it would be , at best , an interesting sideshow . After Obama 's victories in the early primaries , there came the controversial videos of the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , broadcasting a racial divisiveness that cast even greater doubt on an Obama candidacy . But the senator moved quickly to reassure people that Wright 's jaundiced view of America did not reflect his own . Americans wanted to move beyond racial categorization and the politics of division . Obama understood that . And so did the voters . But African-Americans did n't believe it . Seventy-one percent of black voters had never thought a black candidate for president would get elected in their lifetime , according to a national poll released in November by CNN/Opinion Research Corp. . Yet 59 percent of white respondents said they had thought it was possible . Obama did not just win the caucuses in Iowa -- a state with a white population of more than 94 percent -- he resoundingly captured it . Other primary victories , once thought improbable , soon followed . These included Georgia , and Virginia , the former seat of the Confederacy . On Election Day , Obama won a higher percentage of the white vote than John Kerry did in 2004 , though he did not get a majority of whites . Unlike other black presidential candidates before him , Obama did not run as "  the black candidate . " He ran as a Democratic candidate , a U.S. senator from Illinois , and a progressive . And America , by larger margins than in previous recent elections , voted for the progressive Democratic U.S. senator from Illinois who happened to be biracial . For too long , race has been the stain on the American fabric . As Secretary Condoleezza Rice reminded us , race has been our "  nation 's birth defect . " At times during the long primary and general election , race became a subtle distraction -- but the American people rejected it and it was never the primary issue . Nor was it the primary issue for Americans who voted for Barack Obama . The vast majority of those who voted for and against Obama did so based on the content of his political prescriptions and platform -- not the color of his skin . A lot of lessons were taught November 4 . Obama 's election revealed the possibility of three new truths for African-Americans : White America may not be as racist as African-Americans thought they were ; a solution to our country 's lingering racial problem may eventually be found ; and the Rev. Martin Luther King 's dream that one day all people will be judged by the content of their character rather than the color of their skin is alive and within reach . Obama 's election has inspired 6 in 10 blacks to forecast better race relations in the United States . "  A majority of blacks now believe that a solution to the country 's racial problems will eventually be found , " said CNN polling director Keating Holland . "  In every previous poll on this topic dating back to 1993 , black respondents had always said that racial problems were a permanent part of the American landscape . Even in the most recent polls taken last week , a majority of African-Americans said that a solution to the country 's racial problems could be within reach ; now blacks and whites agree that racial tensions may end . " Yes , of course , racism still exists in America . But if a black man can become president of the United States of America , then are n't all Americans now free to believe they can achieve any goal they set for themselves ? So on this day , let us all rejoice and be glad . Let us celebrate this moment in American history and let us resolve to find common ground . Let us resolve to join together as a nation to ensure that racial prejudice in America , as well as an ethic of non-achievement based on excuses and low expectations , dies the same death it did in the November ballot box . What our founders envisioned -- what President Lincoln and the Rev. King fought and died for , we are perhaps finally ready to achieve . This is a remarkable moment . Though not the apex we need to reach , it is still a mountaintop , alive with possibilities , a dream no longer deferred . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Obama 's inauguration is a time for rejoicing and rededication Brazile : Hardly anyone took Obama seriously as a candidate two years ago Brazile : He did n't run as an African-American candidate but as a Democrat Brazile : We are perhaps ready to achieve what Lincoln and the Rev. King fought for
CNN  -- In his book "  The Great Escape " , a masterful account of just how much richer , healthier , and happier humankind has become in the last century alone , Princeton economist Angus Deaton makes the inescapable point that whenever some people move ahead the gap widens between them and those they leave behind . The story of "  material progress , " he writes , "  is one of both growth and inequality . " It is thus hardly surprising that inequality within societies , as well as between them , has become one of the most pressing issues of our time . Many in the United States fear that we are developing the social structure of much of Latin America , with a small , fabulously rich elite facing off against the masses , hundreds of millions of people who see no ladder into the middle class . And we seem to be facing a future of factories in which the work is done by robots and computers , with only a few highly skilled humans to make sure everything is running properly ; of Downton Abbey redux where the highly pampered fortunate few employ an army of retainers to care for themselves and their property . The jobs that created and sustained the middle class in the United States , at least , are nowhere in sight . Buffeted by these forces , can capitalism itself survive ? That question was the theme of the 2013 World Economic Forum . Klaus Schwab summarized the results of that discussion in a blog post , declaring that "  capitalism " is due to be replaced by "  talentism . " He pointed out that capitalism is not an ideology of free markets and individual responsibility , but rather an economic system in which capital is the most important factor of production , requiring an infrastructure that allows it to be amassed and invested easily . That economic system was a product of the industrial revolution , creating an economy driven by investment in large enterprises . Today , however , "  capital is being superseded by creativity and the ability to innovate -- and therefore by human talents -- as the most important factors of production . " Geoff Mulgan , former economic adviser to Tony Blair , sees capitalism a little differently . He argues that it has always been two-faced in that it rewards not only "  creators , makers , and providers " on the one hand , but also "  takers and predators " on the other . Our current system of capitalism has indeed never been more creative , but also never more predatory . Going forward , we must design rules to reward the creators and discourage the predators . That is a lovely vision , at least for everyone who feels talented and creative . Certainly technology puts more at the fingertips of the world 's creators , innovators , inventors and entrepreneurs than ever before . We can start a business from our laps : Creating a website , hiring and communicating with employees , assembling services from accounting to payroll to marketing all on-line . Technologists at the New America Foundation have developed a wireless mesh communication system that can be downloaded and installed by any community seeking to create a fast and effective intranet , for free . The sharing economy allows individuals to make money out of renting rooms , cars , power mowers and snow blowers , and anything else they want to pass on to others , changing the underlying concept of what it means to "  own " something in the first place . Still , all creators are still riding on the backs of investors -- public investors . Mariana Mazzucato , an economics professor at Sussex University , has just made a powerful case that new technologies from the iPhone to the GPS to immunizations have all been initially funded and incubated by government investment . Incubation is a nursery image , enabling an infant to survive and thrive . States invest in their societies the way parents invest in children , not to create dependence but to enable independence . A successful , competitive state recognizes the underlying social contract between citizens who pay taxes and governments that invest in the physical and legal infrastructure necessary for businesses to flourish , from roads to regulations . Elizabeth Warren was right when she said that nobody in the United States "  got rich on their own . " They depended on roads , bridges , police forces , educated workers , and the other appurtenances of a modern industrialized state . Ask anyone in a developing country without decent roads , much less enforceable rules . Or anyone riding the trains in the United States and contending with the continual delays , breakdowns , and speeds far slower than in Europe or Asia . Or passengers jouncing over the rutted streets of even Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's New York . But we do n't just need a physical infrastructure . We need an infrastructure of care that invests in human capital . Instead of the "  nanny state , " taking care of citizens from cradle to grave , we need both public and private investment to allow us to take much better care of each other . Call it the "  leg-up state , " enabling parents to nurture the talent and potential of their children without taking their own talent and potential out of the economy . Supporting children as they work to help their parents remain independent , healthy , and productive for as long as possible at the other end of life . Valuing and rewarding teachers , childcare workers , early education providers , coaches , nurses , therapists , social workers , community volunteers and members of any other caring profession . The leg-up state is also the answer to growing inequality . An economy that flourishes through large investments of financial capital into an infrastructure of both competition and care is much more likely to be an economy of genuinely equal opportunity , focused less on providing jobs than enabling individuals to create their own jobs . The great escape of the 21st century need not be a zero-sum game . Those who have found a road to a still richer and more rewarding world can at least unlock the prisons and light the path for others to follow . Read more : Hillary Clinton and the sisterhood Read more : Meet the de Blasios , the new face of America Read more : Ten women who shaped 2013 The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anne-Marie Slaughter .	When people move ahead , the gap widens between them and those left behind As such , Anne-Marie Slaughter argues our system of capitalism has never been more predatory She says inequality has therefore become one of the most pressing issues of our time The world should create an "  infrastructure of care " that invests in human capital , she says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- You 're overseas . It 's late . You 're driving alone when disaster strikes . You 've crashed your car and you need help . Who do you call ? In an emergency , it 's easier to remember just one number . You might not know the number for the local emergency services , or that it 's 999 in Britain ; 15 , 17 and 18 in France ; or 10111 and 10177 in South Africa . But do you know that there is one internationally-recognized number that will connect you to the emergency services across Europe and even further beyond ? The 112 emergency number was first introduced in 1991 so that European citizens could dial just one number , rather than have to memorize a different one for each country . The number is now operational in all 27 EU member states . It should also redirect to emergency services on GSM cell phones in countries including the United States  see box below  . But 18 years after 112 's introduction , it is still largely unheard of . A 2009 Eurobarometer survey revealed that only 24 percent of Europeans are aware of the number . In Ireland , nine percent know about it , eight percent in the UK and only three percent in Italy . The lack of awareness is partly the fault of older EU member states including the UK , France and Italy that have been reluctant to advertise the number , said Gary Machado from the European Emergency Number Association  EENA  that was set up to promote 112 . Technical issues and language barriers also have n't helped . EENA told CNN the number still does not have 100 percent coverage across Europe . And 29 percent of people in the Eurobarometer survey said they had encountered language problems when making an emergency call in another EU country . "  Officially , 19 member states are able to answer in English , " said Machago . "  But that 's wrong . " EENA recently sent journalists to make calls from outside the European Commission in Brussels . Even here , from the center of Europe , staff could not immediately respond in English , let alone other European languages such as Spanish or Finnish , he said . But with new member states from central and eastern Europe adopting -- and actively supporting -- 112 , EENA believes there is now is an opportunity to increase awareness and encourage more countries to upgrade the quality of their services . Watch CNN Business Traveller for more safety tips " Bilingual interpreters Given the difficulties accessing emergency services when abroad , travelers are increasingly turning to commercial services to get them out of tricky situations . Services such as "  Just text HELP " from CallUma in the UK and Language Line Services from the United States provide 24-hour access to interpreters who speak over 170 languages and can help with anything from dealing with a medical emergency to finding a restaurant . CallUma founder Tony Partridge came up with the idea for the service after a harrowing experience whilst on holiday in Spain . "  It was 2am , my two-year-old was screaming and we needed an ambulance . But I did n't have a clue who to call , " he told CNN . Over 150 people are signing up for the service every day , he said . A common request is for help with lost passports . "  We can get people to the nearest embassy and can arrange for transportation if need it , " said Partridge . New tools Tech-savvy travelers are also taking matters into their own hands and using social media tools such as blogs , location-based technologies , and instant messaging services to respond to emergencies . Research published in New Scientist magazine last year by Leysia Palen , assistant professor of computer science at the University of Colorado , revealed that social networking sites , including Twitter , were more effective than government emergency services when it came to distributing information during emergencies such as the Virginia Tech shooting of April 2007 . Social networking tools are particularly useful during disasters when cell networks go down but SMS services remain in action . With this in mind , the Red Cross has worked with Twitter for its "  Safe and Well " site so people can register their whereabouts during a disaster , as well as check on people they know . People are also using social networking and location-based technologies to help co-ordinate rescue efforts . Last month , friends of two British skiers who went missing in Verbier in the Swiss Alps used Twitter to find their friends ' cell phone numbers . They then helped mountain rescue teams locate one missing skier by using GPS and Google Maps from his cell phone . Google 's Latitude service , launched in February , constantly updates users ' location , enabling contacts to see their whereabouts on a map as well as their activity via status updates . Privacy issues aside , the service could prove invaluable for people traveling alone in unfamiliar areas or dangerous situations . Smart phone applications such as Emergency Aid or In Case of Emergency  ICE  for the iPhone provide one-touch emergency contacts and first aid information in the event of an incident . Several phone makers , including Samsung and Asus , also offer SOS functions that , with the push of a button , send text messages to pre-set numbers and warn that the sender is in danger . With an ever-growing array of automatic services for cell phones , we may never need to remember an emergency number again -- whether that 's 112 or not .	Emergency number 112 was introduced in 1991 , works in all EU member states A recent survey found only 24 percent of Europeans are aware that it exists Private companies provide 24-hour access to interpreters who can provide help Tech-savvy travelers are using blogs , location and instant messaging tools
CNN  -- Customs officials in Australia have cried fowl after searching a airline traveler -- and allegedly finding two live pigeons stuffed in his tights . Customs officials in Australia allege that a man tried to smuggle pigeons hidden in his tights . The 23-year-old man was stopped at Melbourne International Airport Sunday after arriving on a flight from Dubai , Australia 's Customs and Border Protection service said in a statement posted on its Web site . The service alleges that two eggs were found inside a multivitamin container carried by the passenger , who comes from Melbourne . A further search revealed that he was wearing tights -- with a live bird stashed down each leg . Photographs show the birds appear to have been rolled in newspaper and polythene with only their heads showing . The images indicate that one bird was attached to each of the alleged smuggler 's lower legs . Customs officials also claim that plant seeds were found in the man 's moneybelt and undeclared eggplant in his baggage . "  Wildlife smuggling is not only cruel to the animals involved , it poses a severe risk to the Australian environment and the health of the Australian community , " said Richard Janeczko , Customs and Border Protection National Manager Investigations . "  It is important that people declare all animal and plant materials to Customs and Border Protection when they enter Australia , " Janeczko added . The service said that the maximum penalty for wildlife smuggling is 10 years imprisonment and/or a A$ 110,000  $ 70,000  fine .	Customs officers stopped 23-year-old man as he returned from Dubai Photographs show live birds were rolled in newspaper and polythene Maximum penalty for wildlife smuggling is 10 years jail and/or $ 70,000 fine
CNN  -- There 's a killer on the loose and Los Angeles is on edge -- again . This jaded city has witnessed every variety of killing , from Charles Manson and his helter-skelter spree to the Night Stalker 's deadly nocturnal prowling and the random strikes of the Hillside Strangler , the Freeway Killer and the Grim Sleeper . This one is different : The suspect is an ex-cop with an ax to grind , and he 's allegedly targeting other cops . This one crosses the blue line , the one cops think separates the good guys from the bad . This one picks at one of L.A. 's barely healed scabs , the scandals of the Los Angeles Police Department . They began in March 1991 , when George Holliday videotaped a gaggle of police officers kicking Rodney King and beating him with batons after a high-speed freeway chase . It ended , or so most people thought , in 2009 when a federal judge lifted a consent decree that threatened severe sanctions if the LAPD did not reform itself . Related : Mood tense among officers The subject of television and movie dramas since the 1960s and Jack Webb 's "  Dragnet " -- "  Just the facts , ma'am " -- the LAPD has long been a flash point for controversy . It is the nation 's third-largest police force , but has far fewer officers per capita and square mile than the two largest forces , in New York and Chicago . Until about 15 years ago , the department 's officers where overwhelmingly white . A couple of decades of reform seemed to make things better . Officers of color were recruited , and the department worked on community relations . About a year ago , the force nailed one of its own : a female detective who killed her romantic rival in a cold case dating back 26 years . Related : Manhunt recalls D.C. sniper case At the time , officials spoke of an enlightened era in which the new LAPD could investigate the old LAPD . Even the loudest critics had mostly fallen silent in recent years . Enter Christopher Jordan Dorner , a 33-year-old , 270-pound LAPD washout who is now the most hunted man in America . He is the suspect in three killings and has dredged up the LAPD scandals in a 6,000-word rant addressed to "  America " and posted on his Facebook page . "  The department has not changed since the Rampart and Rodney King days , " he wrote . "  It has gotten worse . The consent decree should never have been lifted . " Dorner is angry about being fired by the LAPD . He is articulate and lucid enough to trigger flashbacks to a time not so long ago when patrol officers broke their world into two categories : "  blue and everybody else . " King , who died last year , was beaten by LAPD patrol officers on March 3 , 1991 while a supervisor stood by . Three officers and a sergeant were tried a year later , and acquitted of the most serious charges . The LAPD watched as parts of the city erupted in rioting that left 53 dead and damaged $ 1 billion worth of property . An investigation revealed that racism , brutality and adversarial attitudes were so ingrained that it did n't even occur to officers to hide them . The inquiry documented a culture in which cops openly talked with each other about beating suspects -- "  attitude adjustments , " they called it -- and labeled a group of African-Americans as "  gorillas in the mist , " a popular movie title during the Rodney King era . Six years after the riots , another scandal exposed more corruption and even deeper cover-ups , implicating members of an elite anti-gang unit at the LAPD 's Rampart division , home to some of the city 's most vicious gangs . Related : Dorner 's grudge dates back to 2007 Rogue cop Rafael Perez was accused in 1998 of stealing eight pounds of cocaine from an evidence locker . He admitted shooting and paralyzing an unarmed teenager and planting a gun so he could claim self defense . The boy was sent to prison but later exonerated . Perez 's plea bargain confession led to nearly 100 tainted convictions being overturned . Three officers were arrested and tried . A higher court tossed out the convictions . Attorney Harland Braun defends police officers , including the ones accused of criminal misconduct in the King and Rampart scandals . He said he believes there might be a grain of truth to Dorner 's allegations of a cover-up . He said he thinks that may have been what set Dorner off . Civil rights leaders , highly vocal in past scandals , have held back on criticizing the LAPD this time . Instead , they are urging Dorner to surrender peacefully . Related : Timeline of events Dorner wrote in his manifesto that he was forced to turn to violence because the culture of racism , brutality , corruption and cover-up continues at the LAPD . He claims he was kicked off the force after he complained about a training officer kicking a mentally ill suspect . Braun said he had never heard of a case in which the LAPD fired an officer who reported excessive force . "  You do n't go after the guy , " he said . Usually , though , other officers are quick to close ranks and shun a perceived "  rat . " He told the story of an officer who testified at the King trial as an expert on the use of force . The man said he believed the officers had , indeed , employed excessive force . His photo was tacked up at the police academy , and it became tradition for any officer who passed by to spit on it , Braun said . "  They 've changed enormously , but you 're still going to have pockets of this , " he added . "  You 're still going to have individuals who are throwbacks . You 're still going to have the culture of cover-up . A group that 's fighting together and under siege , they 're going to stick together . " Dorner demanded justice and an apology , and vowed that police blood will flow until he gets them . The manifesto names some 40 people he claims have wronged him . He wrote that he does not expect to survive his vengeful rampage . Last weekend , a couple was found shot to death in Irvine , a suburban Orange County community south of Los Angeles that is home to a college campus . Investigators tied the slayings to Dorner ; his manifesto seems to confirm the connection : It says the slain woman 's father represented Dorner , unsuccessfully , at a hearing before an LAPD disciplinary committee in 2008 . So far , the bloodshed seems to be taking place outside the city limits . It covers a wide area around Los Angeles , with incidents reported from San Diego in the south to the mountain resort of Big Bear in the east . Three Riverside police officers were shot , one fatally , by a man police say was Dorner . His beef might be with the LAPD , but no one in law enforcement can feel safe while he is on the run . Alleged cop-killer 's manifesto details threats Others have threatened to target LAPD cops in the past -- gang members , for the most part . But Dorner is no gang-banger . He 's a veteran trained to kill by the military and by his one-time employer , the police . He threatens payback by violent , unconventional means : "  This is my last resort . The LAPD has suppressed the truth and it has now led to deadly consequences , " he wrote . Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck dismissed the allegations in Dorner 's manifesto . "  You 're talking about a homicide suspect who has committed atrocious crimes , " he said , adding that he was not inclined to give credence to his "  ramblings on the Internet . " As for any apology , well , Dorner should n't hold his breath , Beck said . People who have invested years watching the LAPD -- including attorneys , legal analysts and the Los Angeles Times reporters who have covered the department -- say it has indeed changed since the early 1990s . But they also agree that its past is fertile territory for anyone with a grudge against the department . Times editor-at-large Jim Newton covered the LAPD as it struggled with the fallout from the King beating and the years of study , oversight and reform that followed . He was the paper 's lead reporter during the O.J. Simpson murder trial , when the defense put the LAPD on trial and Simpson was acquitted . Dorner 's manifesto "  does n't reflect any larger cultural truth about LAPD , " Newton wrote in an e-mail . Andrew Blankstein , the paper 's current LAPD reporter , agreed . "  Every organization is going to have rogues , " he said . "  But what can you believe from somebody who is homicidal ? Obviously , anybody with grievances has a long , well-publicized history of the LAPD to pick at . " Laurie Levenson , a professor at Loyola Law School , has watched the LAPD and its high-profile controversies during the era that includes King , Simpson and Rampart . She also believes the LAPD has changed , even if it is not perfect . "  The LAPD has come a long way , but it still has its detractors , " she wrote in an e-mail . "  Ironically , the person who is most set on destroying it is one of their own . The Rodney King and Rampart scandals brought to light racism and corruption that had existed in the department . It is easy for someone with their own vendetta against the department to tap into these past episodes and make the LAPD a target . " Opinion : In rampages , it 's about revenge But , she added , the tactic is likely to backfire . "  In the end , " Levenson said , "  he is probably just creating more sympathy and support for the people he loathes . " CNN 's Ann O'Neill covered the Rampart police corruption trial in 2000 as a reporter for The Los Angeles Times .	Suspect Christopher Dorner 's manifesto says he is waging war against "  corrupt " LAPD Lawyers , analysts , others say the department has improved since earlier scandals Rodney King beating , Rampart evidence-planting scandals led to court oversight , reforms Dorner trained to be an officer , but LAPD alleged he filed a false report of excessive force
CNN  -- City commissioners in Sanford , Florida , voted Monday to reject the proposed resignation of their embattled police chief , who has been under fire for the handling of the probe into Trayvon Martin 's death in February . Chief Bill Lee has been on paid leave since March 22 , a day after the commission expressed a lack of confidence in him because of the case . He remains so after the commission 's decision , with Capt. Darren Scott continuing to serve as acting chief . George Zimmerman , who has said he killed the 17-year-old Martin in self-defense , was not arrested after being questioned by police the night of the shooting . Arrested weeks later after a special prosecutor was assigned to the case , he was released from jail early Monday and hours later entered a not guilty plea . Earlier Monday , the city announced in a statement that a separation agreement had been reached with Lee to resign . If it was approved by the City Commission , it would have taken effect at midnight . But by a 3-2 vote , the commission opted not to accept the proposed deal , which would have permanently dismissed Lee from the job and given him a severance package . Two commissioners had questioned the fairness of Lee losing his job , while Mayor Jeff Triplett said he preferred to wait possibly several months for the results of an investigation into Lee and his department . "  I 'm not ready to have him come back and run the Police Department , but I do n't know if I 'm ready for this either , " Triplett said , who sided with the majority to reject the resignation . Benjamin Crump , a lawyer for Martin 's family , criticized the commission for not letting Lee step down . "  Sanford residents deserve quality leadership in law enforcement who will handle investigations fairly for all people , " he said . "  If Chief Bill Lee recognized that his resignation would help start the healing process in Sanford , city leadership should have accepted it in an effort to move the city forward . " City Manager Norton N. Bonaparte told CNN that "  moving the city forward " is a priority , and something that he hoped might have been expedited by making Lee 's departure final . During Monday 's meeting , Bonaparte explained that he and Lee had "  agreed to " the resignation , after Lee "  decided that he can no longer serve as police chief . " But Randy Jones , a commissioner , pointed to other parts of the agreement stating Lee was "  willing , ready and able " to remain on as chief , had n't been found to have done anything wrong and was resigning on Bonaparte 's "  recommendation . " Added Patty Mahany , another commissioner supportive of Lee , "  What did the chief do wrong ? I mean , tell us . " Bonaparte said an interim chief -- in place of Scott , the current acting chief -- could be in place early next week . The case has drawn intense media attention , with Sanford residents and many civil rights leaders from outside central Florida criticizing the Police Department for not immediately arresting Zimmerman , 28 , after he shot the unarmed teenager . HLN : Zimmerman wife talks publicly for the first time Zimmerman is now free and awaiting trial , after making bail and leaving the John E. Polk Correctional Facility in Sanford at 12:05 a.m. Monday . "  He 's doing well . He 's very glad to be out , trying to get settled in , still worried about his safety ... talking to his family and feeling much better than being in  jail  , " his lawyer Mark O'Mara told CNN later Monday . Also Monday , O'Mara filed documents in court in which Zimmerman entered a written not guilty plea and waived the right to appear at a formal arraignment . Zimmerman is now "  on his own " with no police protection or security detail , O'Mara said , shuttling to and from several secret locations in light of threats against him and his family . He wore a bulletproof vest while leaving the jail accompanied by Michael Smith , the owner of Magic Bail Bonds . "  There 's been a lot of chatter lately about his release , and that 's concerning to him and us , " said O'Mara . Follow the timeline of case The Seminole County Sheriff 's Office said that Zimmerman had been fitted with a GPS monitoring device , allowing authorities to track his location . Zimmerman 's release came as something of a surprise . Over the weekend , his lawyer had said Zimmerman might remain behind bars until the middle of this week as his team worked to secure funds to meet the $ 150,000 bail set last Friday . With the 10 % cash payment customarily made to secure bond , Zimmerman 's family needed $ 15,000 for him to make bail . Martin 's family was n't pleased by news of Zimmerman 's release , said one of their attorneys , Daryl Parks . "  It 's tough for them to see their son 's killer walk free again , " he said . The case has riveted the nation and sparked intense discussions about race , gun control and "  stand your ground " laws , which make it legal for people to use deadly force when they feel a reasonable threat of death or serious injury . Florida to review ` stand your ground ' law Although details of the shooting remain murky , what is known is that Martin ventured out on February 26 from the home of his father 's fiancee in Sanford and went to a nearby convenience store , where he bought a bag of Skittles and an Arizona Iced Tea . After spotting him , ZImmerman called 911 to complain about a "  suspicious " person in the neighborhood . In the call , the neighborhood watch volunteer said he followed Martin after the teen started to run , prompting the dispatcher to tell him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman claims the unarmed teen attacked him , before he fired his gun . Martin 's supporters say Zimmerman targeted Martin because he was black . On Friday , Zimmerman 's father testified that when he saw his son the day after the shooting , he was wearing a protective cover over his nose , his face was swollen , and he had two vertical gashes on his head . Martin 's family and the special prosecutor appointed to investigate the case have rejected Zimmerman 's self-defense claim , saying they believe Zimmerman disobeyed the police dispatcher who advised him to stop following Martin , racially profiled him and unjustly killed him . The case has also shined a hot spotlight on the city of Sanford , and particularly interracial relations in the community . Mahany , for one , said Monday that reports of gaping rifts in Sanford along racial lines have been vastly overstated , adding , "  I do n't think Sanford needs healing . " And Jones , the other dissenting commissioner , blamed outsiders for fanning the flames . "  It is not Sanford residents who created this firestorm , " he said . "  It was brought in from the outside . We all know it . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo , David Mattingly , Leslie Tripp Holland , Martin Savidge and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Zimmerman is "  doing well , " "  feeling much better than being in " jail , his lawyer says NEW : He is "  on his own " with no special protection , shuttling between locations , he adds The city police chief 's offer to resign was rejected Monday by Sanford city commissioners Zimmerman pleaded not guilty Monday in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin in Sanford
CNN  -- Two-time English FA Cup holders Chelsea needed a late goal from substitute Salomon Kalou to stay in the competition Saturday as the Ivorian 's 75th-minute goal rescued a 1-1 draw at Everton in their fourth round clash . France striker Louis Saha gave Everton the lead in the second half of the contest -- which was a repeat of the 2009 final -- with a close-range header from Leighton Baines ' corner . Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti reacted by replacing winger Florent Malouda with Kalou after 70 minutes and his decision paid dividends . The 25-year-old Kalou finished off a swift counter-attack when he drilled a low shot past Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard from just inside the penalty area to earn a replay for the visitors . "  We had a good attitude and spirit and were able to score and take a draw , " former AC Milan boss Ancelotti told the club 's official website . "  It was not an easy game because Everton put strong pressure all the time on the pitch , used a lot of long balls , they were very dangerous on set-pieces and scored on one . It was a difficult game . " Premier League leaders Manchester United survived a scare at third division Southampton before they scored a 2-1 win . Alex Ferguson 's team fell behind to Richard Chaplow 's firmly hit strike moments before half time as the Saints took a well-deserved lead . But United responded after the break when Michael Owen headed Gabriel Obertan 's drilled cross into the net to restore parity . The comeback was complete with 76 minutes gone after Javier Hernandez latched on to substitute Ryan Giggs ' through ball and calmly converted the chance with a side-footed finish . It was the Mexican 's ninth goal of the season and it ensured the Red Devils reached the last 16 of this competition for the eighth time in nine years . Veteran French midfielder Robert Pires scored his first goal for Aston Villa as Gerard Houllier 's side earned a 3-1 victory over Blackburn Rovers to reach the fifth round . Pires , 37 , found the net with a neat half-volley to restore Villa 's lead after Croatia striker Nikola Kalinic had canceled out Ciaran Clark 's opener . England under-21 striker Nathan Delfouneso wrapped up the game for the home team with a header just before half time . Non-league outfit Crawley Town caused one of the day 's biggest shocks as they earned a 1-0 success away to fourth division Torquay United . Matthew Tubbs ' goal after 39 minutes was enough to secure a place in the last 16 for the final non-league club left in the competition . In an all-Premier League tie , Bolton Wanderers and Wigan Athletic will have to play again after the two north-west rivals could only manage a 0-0 draw .	NEW : Manchester United come from behind to beat Southampton 2-1 Salomon Kalou 's 75th minute goal rescues a 1-1 draw for Chelsea against Everton Aston Villa are through to the fifth round after a 3-1 victory against Blackburn Crawley Town upset Torquay United with a 1-0 win , Bolton and Wigan draw 0-0
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration advised concerned consumers Thursday to stop taking a popular cholesterol drug that may be contaminated with specks of glass if the pills came from one of 41 recalled lots . The recall of generic Lipitor was initiated nearly three weeks ago by Ranbaxy Pharmaceuticals , but this is the first time the FDA -- or anyone else -- has told consumers to stop taking the drug . The FDA also announced Thursday that Ranbaxy would stop making atorvastatin while it investigates how the glass might have gotten into the drug . Even with these new guidelines , some pharmacies are still telling customers it 's safe to take the drug . "  Patients should continue to proceed as they normally would , " said Brian Henry , vice president of corporate communications at Express Scripts , on Thursday . He added that the company would not give customers refunds for the generic Lipitor , or atorvastatin . Cholesterol drug recalled over glass concerns Henry explained that this was a "  pharmacy-level recall , " meaning pharmacies must stop dispensing contaminated lots of the drug , but consumers could keep taking what they already had at home -- even though the FDA has confirmed that some of the contaminated drug may have reached consumers . Pharmacists at several CVS stores also told customers it was OK to keep taking Ranbaxy 's atorvastatin but said they would replace the drug at a patient 's request . "  This whole thing is confusing for consumers , " said Lisa Gill , editor of prescription drugs at Consumer Reports . She also expressed concern that it took the FDA nearly three weeks to issue guidance to consumers . "  It 's not clear why it took them so long , " she said . "  It 's surprising . " FDA spokeswoman Sarah Clark-Lynn declined to comment on the reasons behind the delay . Recall leaves glass-specked drug in hands of patients In its statement Thursday , the FDA said that the glass particles were "  similar to the size of a grain of sand " and that "  the possibility of adverse events related to the recalled product appear to be low . " Making matters potentially even more confusing , the FDA directed concerned consumers to call their pharmacies to see whether their pills had been recalled , as not all lots of the drug are effected . However , pharmacists say they have no way of figuring out what lot number a bottle of pills came from . "  The ability to tie a specific prescription to a lot number would be very difficult , " said Ronna Hauser , vice president of policy and regulatory affairs at the National Community Pharmacists Association . Ranbaxy , India 's largest pharmaceutical company and the 12th largest generics maker in the world , has had quality problems in the past . The FDA has accused the company of "  a pattern of systemic fraudulent conduct , " including taking shortcuts in crucial quality tests . So widespread and grave was the misbehavior that in 2008 the FDA barred Ranbaxy from importing 30 drugs into the United States .	FDA : Consumers should stop taking generic Lipitor if pills came from recalled lot The drug was recalled three weeks ago Some pharmacies are still telling customers it 's OK to take the drug
CNN  -- From the world 's biggest manufacturer of mobile phone batteries to a car company with global pretensions , BYD is a Chinese company that has roared onto the international stage energized by its workaholic founder Wang Chuanfu . Building his own dreams : Wang Chuanfu has turned BYD into an international company in less than 15 years . Wang 's hands-on approach to running a business with 130,000 employees -- he still eats in the company canteen and lives in a BYD-owned housing complex -- is n't too far removed from how he built the company from scratch in 1995 when he was 29 years old . Wang trained as an engineer and studied the patents of other companies ' mobile phone batteries , even taking them apart to see how they were made . He raised some start-up capital from a relative to create his own mobile phone battery-making business in Shenzhen , the special economic zone just north of Hong Kong . BYD 's business approach differed from the likes of Sony and Sanyo by substituting an automated system for one of China 's biggest resources , physical labor . Employing thousands of people was cheaper than installing expensive robotic assembly lines , and by 2000 BYD had become the biggest mobile phone battery maker in the world . Wang bought a failing Chinese car company in 2003 to enter the automobile market , and BYD now has a number of models available in China , including a plug-hybrid car cheaper than the market-leading Toyota Prius . The success of BYD has attracted plenty of attention from industry analysts and investors from the West , including Warren Buffet . The billionaire American has invested $ 250 million in BYD , making even more people in the West sit up and take note of the company . Wang is n't content to just compete in the hybrid and electric car market in China ; he aims to keep BYD 's meteoric rise going and make it the world 's biggest car maker by 2025 . "  It is a big ambition . In January and February 2009 China was the world 's biggest automobile consuming market for those months . So based on this , China can sell more than 10 million automobiles this year . So maybe China can exceed the USA and become the biggest market in the world , " Wang told CNN . BYD stands for "  Build Your Dreams " and Wang is trying to fulfill the aspiration among many in China of creating a national champion ; a brand with international respect and reputation of quality . Wang believes the electric car can be that product , and BYD the company to do it . "  For new energy vehicles ... China is on the same level or even leading other countries . In the field of new energy cars , China hopes that Chinese companies can catch up with the rest of the world and catch up with the pace , " said Wang . But the term "  Made in China " still has a stigma attached to it . The scandals of tainted milk and toys that had to be recalled rocked China in 2008 and diminished the reputation of Chinese products abroad . "  This kind of ` Made in China ' is different from other types of ` Made in China . ' Our products have never been recalled , unlike many of our competitors . Judging from that , products made in China are sometimes better that those made elsewhere . As long as there are high-standards , Chinese manufacturing companies can definitely meet those standards , " said Wang . China also has acute environmental problems . It is the world 's biggest emitter of greenhouse gases and Wang is aware that being an entrepreneur also means having an eye on the environmental impact of his business . "  As an entrepreneur , I think I have to consider both aspects . One part is the creation of a new business mode , or the revelation of new business competition . The other is that it 's for social responsibility , making our Earth bluer . "  Urban pollution , reliance on petroleum and emission of carbon dioxide are three problems that entrepreneurs have to consider for basic social responsibility , " said Wang .	Founder of car and battery company BYD that aims to be world leader Wang Chuanfu started the company in 1995 when he was 29 years old Made mobile phone batteries then expanded into car manufacturing Billionaire Warren Buffet has invested $ 250 million in the company
CNN  -- From rappelling down waterfalls to zip-lining between mountains , Costa Rica has something for everyone who is adventurous at heart . Beyond the canopied forests , majestic waterfalls and impressive volcanoes , it remains a place full of wonder and magic . "  The country is teeming with so much wildlife and vegetation that you feel like you 're stepping into a jungle book that is filled with beautiful pictures , " iReporter Anna Berte said . "  There are so many things to do in Costa Rica that we left still only doing a minimum . " Road-tripping through Costa Rica Although a small country , Costa Rica is brimming with opportunity for both adventure and relaxation . "  Costa Rica has it all , from the Atlantic to Pacific coast and everything in between , " iReporter James Amerson said . "  Rain forests , volcanic activity and the best surf in the world -- very few places have such wonderful views packed into such a small country . " Below , iReporters share their tips for making the most out of your time in Costa Rica . Get adventurous Costa Rica is an adventurer 's paradise -- where else can you rappel waterfalls , hike volcanoes , zip-line through the forest and surf , all within miles of each other ? "  On the east coast , you can find the still-active Arenal volcano where you can zip line next to it through the jungle canopy as it puffs gaseous steam and molten lava , " Amerson said . "  Take a hike through the tropical rain forest in La Paz and gaze upon tremendous waterfalls . " Berte and her husband went to Costa Rica to have adventures as they crossed the country . They took an ATV ride to a zip-line course through the jungle , made more exciting by an unexpected encounter . "  This was especially fun because you get to experience the countryside and villages of Costa Rica by riding through them on an ATV , and then you cool off by zip lining through the tree tops in the jungle , " Berte said . "  It 's the first time you get really close to the howler monkeys who are lounging around as you zip by them . Choose the right zip course , and you can encounter a small wildlife preserve . " When in Costa Rica , enjoy the fruits of the rainforest Berte also enjoyed surfing in Tamarindo , filled with plentiful waves , and visited the Arenal Volcano . "  It is a majestic mountain overlooking a lush jungle full of animals such as sloths and howling monkeys . " iReporter Jill Thornton had her heart set on zip-lining and went on several tours . She calls it a must-do activity while in Costa Rica . "  It was amazing to be flying so fast over the forest , with the coast off to the horizon -- something I 'll never forget ! " she said . "  As long as you do n't think about how high up you are , or about the things that could go wrong , it 's one of the most amazing things to do ! You just sit back and fly through the trees -- a dream come true . " Exploring Costa Rica Costa Rica is known for its rainy season , and while it might seem daunting to some travelers , many consider it one of the best times to make your trip . Fewer people visit the country during the rainy season , and the rainfall makes the "  whole country lush with vegetation , " according to iReporter Matthew Karsten . He also says that the rain is n't as unpleasant as it sounds . While adventure is always an option , you can also take the slow , scenic route and experience Costa Rica 's other offerings . "  If you want to see a ton of animals , Corcovado National Park ca n't be beat , " Karsten said . "  If you want to get away from the many tourist traps in Costa Rica , I 'd recommend heading for Tenorio Volcano National Park and hike to the magical Rio Celeste Waterfall . " Small towns are also a good jumping-off point for exploring Costa Rica . Starting in these centers will round out the cultural experience of your trip . "  The town of Tamarindo itself is a small jewel , " Berte said . "  It 's teeming with life and is full of little shops and restaurants , enough to fill your souvenir scavenging for days . After exploring the town , we did sign up for several tours to explore the rest of Costa Rica . " iReporter Craig Smith , an avid photographer , was eager to explore Monteverde Cloud Forest , known for its wildlife . "  The beaches of Costa Rica are beautiful , but the Cloud Forest is one of a kind , " he said . "  We spent 5 days searching for howler monkeys , three-toed sloths , toucans , butterflies and other creatures . The Cloud Forest is an amazing biosphere . The Arenal volcano is close by and erupts continually providing spectacular sights when the clouds permit . Take time to hike through the forest and experience what it has to offer . " Before you go In addition to the difference in climate , planning the details for your trip to Costa Rica is crucial . Prepare to encounter insects of all kinds , so find a repellent that works for you , Berte said . "  Make sure your vaccinations are up to date before you visit Costa Rica , " she said . "  Also , try to exchange your money before you get into the provinces , so you walk around with colon -- the Costa Rican equivalent to -LSB- dollars -RSB- . Always pay with colon first . Otherwise , go and have fun , no matter what your fear is , just let go and go for it , you only live once ! " iReporter Ariel Matias , who relocated to Costa Rica , recommends learning a bit of Spanish before you go , especially for first-timers . "  Ticos are very friendly people and appreciate foreigners who try to speak their language . " Perhaps most important of all , prepare for a brand new experience and leave yourself open to opportunity . Soak up the culture , try new adventures and leave with a bit of Costa Rica tucked alongside your heart . "  When you 're in Costa Rica , try and immerse yourself in the culture while you 're there -- eat food you would n't normally eat , walk around a town that does n't have a lot of tourists , try and have a conversation with the people in their language -- it 's a hospitable country , so it will welcome your efforts ! " Thornton said .	Costa Rica is brimming with opportunity for both adventure and relaxation Zip-lining , waterfall rappelling , surfing and volcano hiking are just some of the adventures Travel through Costa Rica 's small towns to round out your experience
CNN  -- Rescuers in China had pulled a total of 31 bodies from the wreckage from a landslide the size of a small town that rushed down a mountain earlier in the week . State-run CCTV reported on Friday that the number of people missing in and around the city of Dujiangyan was 166 , up from 107 the previous day . The flooding that caused the landslide has destroyed 5,100 houses and damaged another 90,000 . Rescuers continued digging through the debris in search of survivors and victims . The forecast calls for less rain , which should make the search easier . Flooding that triggered the landslide has affected 1.5 million people and inundated tens of thousands of acres of crops . The torrents have plagued the mountainous region since Monday , smashing bridges and knocking out power to thousands . They have washed away property worth more than $ 40 million , provincial officials said . Zhang Jiuchun is an interior designer living in Mianyang , the second-largest city in Sichuan . He told CNN in a phone interview that flooding , landslides and mudslides have paralyzed highway and rail services in many parts of the province . Zhang said suburban areas have been hit the hardest . "  I think it 's the worst since 1998 , " Zhang said of the disaster , referring to major flooding sweeping across China over a decade ago . Xinhua also reported that more than 400 stranded people have been securely moved out of Dujiangyan . In January : 46 dead after landslide in southwest China	Death toll reaches 31 after rain-induced landslide in Sichuan province 166 people are missing near the city of Dujiangyan Flooding has deluged 81,000 acres of crops , caused more than $ 40 million in losses
CNN  -- Antiguan and Barbudan regulators Friday took control of U.S.financier Robert Allen Stanford 's financial institutions on the twin-island nation , a day after federal agents served the Texas businessman with papers accusing him of running an investment fraud scheme . Customers queue outside the Stanford Group-owned Bank of Antigua in St. John 's . The Financial Services Regulatory Commission of Antigua and Barbuda appointed receivers to manage Stanford International Bank Ltd. and Stanford Trust Company Ltd. , the commission said in a statement . The receivers , Nigel Hamilton-Smith and Peter Wastell of Britain-based Vantis Business Recovery Services , are in Antigua with other recovery specialists to take control of the entities , the commission said . On Thursday , the FBI announced federal agents found Stanford in Fredericksburg , Virginia , and served him with papers accusing him and three of his companies of orchestrating a $ 9.2 billion investment fraud scheme . He has no criminal charges against him , and he was not taken into custody , FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said . The FBI wo n't talk about a criminal investigation of Stanford 's activities , but federal law enforcement officials familiar with the case leave no doubt that federal agents are investigating his financial dealings . But multiple officials indicated criminal charges are not imminent and would not discuss potential charges . Stanford has arranged to give his passport to one of his attorneys , who will offer it to federal authorities . CNN 's efforts to reach Stanford or company representatives were unsuccessful . Watch more on the case " In a complaint filed Tuesday in federal court in Dallas , Texas , the Securities and Exchange Commission accused Stanford International Bank of using a network of financial advisers to sell about $ 8 billion of "  certificates of deposit " to investors . The bank boasted it had a unique investment strategy that had allowed it to reap double-digit returns on its investments for the previous 15 years , the SEC said . The civil complaint alleged an additional scheme relating to $ 1.2 billion in sales . The Antigua-based bank claims its network has $ 51 billion in deposits and assets under management or advisement , with more than 70,000 clients in 140 countries . The allegations against Stanford and his companies have sparked runs on Stanford banks in Antigua and in Venezuela , where the government took over the local subsidiary after it recorded "  extraordinary " withdrawals Tuesday and Wednesday , said Edgar Hernandez Behrens , Venezuela 's superintendent of banks . The SEC complaint also named James Davis , SIB 's chief financial officer ; Laura Pendergest-Holt , chief investment officer of Stanford Financial Group ; and investment adviser Stanford Capital Management . Meanwhile , Colombia 's stock market and bank watchdog said Friday Colombians who invested in the Bogota stock market through Stanford 's Colombian brokerage arm , Stanford Bolsa y Banca SA , run no risk of losing their funds . A Financial Services Superintendency spokeswoman told CNN that Stanford Bolsa y Banca managed three Bogota mutual funds worth a total of about $ 27 million  70 billion Colombian pesos  at current stock and currency market rates , together with individual client portfolios of around $ 98 million  250 billion Colombian pesos  . She said extraordinary shareholder meetings had been called to decide whether the three mutual funds would be transferred to the management of another brokerage or would be liquidated . Individual clients have begun the process of transferring management of their portfolios to other brokerages , the Financial Services Superintendency spokeswoman said . Colombians were never able to deposit funds directly in Colombia with Stanford 's international banking arm . CNN repeatedly tried calling the manager of Stanford Bolsa y Banca , but he declined to answer calls . In London , the England and Wales Cricket Board said it has terminated all contractual links with Stanford .	Antigua and Barbuda regulators seize Stanford Group banks on islands Financier Allen Stanford accused of $ 9.2 B investment , sales fraud Venezuela has also seized local bank owned by Stanford Group No criminal charges are filed against Stanford
CNN  A federal judge has ordered the Defense Department to release photos that allegedly show detainees being abused in detention centers in Iraq and Afghanistan during the Bush administration . The photos wo n't be made public right away . In an order issued Friday , U.S. District Judge Alvin K. Hellerstein of the Southern District of New York granted the government 60 days to appeal . The ACLU sued the Defense Department in 2003 to have the photos made public . It 's not clear how many photos are involved or where the pictures were taken , but in an August opinion Hellerstein said the government acknowledged having at least 29 pictures from at least seven different locations in Afghanistan and Iraq and may have hundreds or thousands more . Some of the photos may have come from the notorious Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq . In 2004 , photos became public that showed American soldiers abusing Abu Ghraib detainees and putting them into humiliating sexual positions . People in the Mideast and Americans were outraged and shocked by the photos , which added to the national debate on the use of torture in the war on terror . Hellerstein said the government failed to prove its argument that releasing the photos would endanger American soldiers or civilians overseas . In July 2011 , the judge blocked release of the photos at the urging of the secretary of defense because U.S. troops were still fighting in Iraq . By December 2011 , most U.S. ground troops had withdrawn from Iraq , the judge wrote , and he did n't know whether release of the photos would affect military operations . "  Three years is a long time in war , the news cycle and the international debate over how to respond to terrorism , " he wrote . The judge also said the government failed to convince him a collective review of the photos met the requirements of the Protected National Security Documents Act . The ACLU argued the Defense Department must individually review each photo and explain why its release would put Americans in danger . Jameel Jaffer , ACLU deputy legal director , said in a statement that the photos are "  the best evidence of what took place in the military 's detention centers , and their disclosure would help the public better understand the implications of some of the Bush administration 's policies . " A response by the Pentagon to the judge 's decision was not immediately available . The Pentagon has refused to release the photos requested by the ACLU , saying publication could endanger American soldiers and civilians overseas . Several U.S. military leaders who saw some of the pictures made that argument in a December 19 filing in the lawsuit . They pointed to public demonstrations in Mideast countries that followed reports of Quran burnings , the release of the video "  Innocence of the Muslims " and the 2012 release of a video that showed Americans soldiers urinating on dead enemy combatants . Navy Rear Adm. Sinclair Harris of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said Islamist extremist groups like ISIS use "  imagery associated with United States detention practices " as part of their recruiting efforts . The ACLU responded by saying the military leaders did n't see all the photos , just a sampling selected by an army lawyer . The ACLU also said the leaders did n't explain how the photos were "  similarly inflammatory . " Their prediction of anti-American violence was only speculation , the ACLU said . "  To allow the government to suppress any image that might provoke someone , somewhere , to violence would be to give the government sweeping power to suppress evidence of its own agents ' misconduct , " Jaffer of the ACLU said .	The ACLU sued the Department of Defense in 2003 for photos of detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan Government has said publication of the photos could endanger American soldiers and civilians overseas
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  It 's a unique world where friendships are forged , deals struck and more than the occasional argument breaks out . Welcome to Nigeria 's free readers associations -- where mostly young men gather around newspaper vendors to read the headlines and debate the issues of the day . They are called "  free " because nobody actually buys the newspapers they are reading . Discussions among the free readers are loud and furious and have only intensified as Nigeria goes to the polls to decide who will be the next president . Newspaper vendor John Mgbachi , a former shoemaker from Eastern Nigeria , who has a stand in Tinubu Square on Lagos Island said that far from being bad for business , he welcomes the free readers . "  They are passionate about the news and and their presence is an advert for me , " he said . Mgbachi told CNN that he often sees a big rise in numbers around football tournaments , mostly the Premier League , and also during the election campaign period . To avoid losing out on sales too much , Mgbachi has developed an interesting business model : "  I decided not to make  reading  completely free . For some of the dailies , its 20 naira ,  10 cents  30 naira  15 cents  for the sports papers and 50 naira  30 cents  for the magazines . "  It 's not really a static price , it depends on the bargaining power of the person , " he added . Some even take out a monthly subscription to read the newspapers . The free readers come from all walks of life and CNN spoke to analysts , an accountant and unemployed youth at the stand we visited . They talked about the excitement of discussing the current affairs with others while reading the daily newspaper . One told us he had made two very good friends and even landed a job offer . Mgbachi added there has a been a sharp decline in readers because most people now read their news on the internet . He added that the dire economic situation in the country meant that many Nigerians can not afford to buy newspapers . Most of Nigeria 's $ 70 billion oil wealth is concentrated in the hands of a politically connected elite while many of its citizens struggle to make ends meet .	Men gather around newspaper vendors to read headlines , debate issues of the day Called free readers associations because no-one actually buys the papers they read Debates loud and furious as Nigerians go to the polls to choose a new president
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Heidi Newfield goes into Sunday 's Academy of Country Music Awards with five nominations . It 's more than any other female , but she still considers herself the dark horse -- and in many ways , she is , especially since she 's up for top female vocalist against such heavyweights as Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift . Heidi Newfield says she considers herself an underdog at Sunday 's Academy of Country Music Awards . For 10 years , Newfield was the lead singer of the honky-tonk trio Trick Pony . Her soulful debut solo album , "  What Am I Waiting for , " was released in August to stellar reviews -- many from critics who scoffed at the high-energy antics of her former band . If you spend any time with the petite blonde from Northern California , you 're struck by how many times she says , "  Please " and "  Thank you . " There 's a smile for everyone -- waiters , doormen , cameramen -- and she steers conversation away from herself to ask how others are doing . Newfield is a nice girl . But her life changed when a fellow musician told her to stop being so nice , as she revealed in the following interview with CNN : Watch Newfield talk about her nominations " CNN : What went through your head when you received five nominations for this year 's Academy of Country Music Awards ? Heidi Newfield : I thought one or two would be so fabulous , that would be so great . And they kept calling my name , and you know , I wo n't lie -- I 'm going to tell on my husband -- the tears started flowing , and we were just really happy . All the hard work , all the time , and all the road -- and just the experience over time starts to play back in your mind , just like a movie.This is a really special time . CNN : Was it validation that leaving Trick Pony was the right thing to do ? Newfield : People tell you , "  You ca n't do this . " You know in country music oftentimes it does not work when a front person leaves a group . In other genres -- pop , rock , hip-hop and rap -- people can leave all the time and do amazing things on their own . Beyonce , Justin Timberlake , Sting -- there 's a gazillion people . But in country , we have that tight-knit , almost family relationship with our fans , so when you change something up , they do n't always like that very much . CNN : Did you feel guilty about leaving Trick Pony ? Newfield : No , not an ounce of guilt . I left Trick Pony with my head held high . I felt like I left with total dignity and class , and I did n't leave anybody hanging . I fulfilled every obligation , no matter how hard it was -- and it was hard . There was a lot of drama , and they were n't exactly happy with me . I do n't mind saying this , but it was miserable the last several months . But my intuition was saying it 's time to make a change . So did I stay too long ? I do n't know . I mean , everything happens for a reason . Had I left three years ago , maybe I would n't have been the same person I am today . CNN : John Popper from Blues Traveler kind of gave you a kick in the pants . Newfield : Oh , I love Poppy ! We talk all the time , I kid you not . John was on a USO tour with us for 2 1/2 weeks , so we got to know each other really well . Every night , he would come on stage and do a -LSB- harmonica -RSB- number with me . On the last night of the tour , we were in Germany , and we were at this pub , and Poppy said to me , "  You love this , and it 's clear you 're a musician -- but you need to learn to stop being so nice . You need to speak your mind and step up and step up for yourself . " His actual words were , "  When you learn to be a b -- , " that 's what he told me . And I thought , "  Well , my philosophy is I do n't think you ever , ever , ever have to be a diva or a prima donna to make it to a certain level . " I think you can always treat people with respect and be nice , and I always plan on doing that . But what he said was right . When you start to believe in yourself , that 's when there 's no limit to what you can do . CNN : Your debut solo album , "  What Am I Waiting for , " shows a lot of growth . It 's much more introspective and mature , whereas Trick Pony 's music was brash and not as multidimensional . Newfield : When my producer Tony Brown and I first sat down to talk about making this album , one of the first things that came out of his mouth was , "  We have to show people who you really are . We need to cut songs , and you need to explore parts of your vocals that you never got a change to showcase . " All the ACM nominations are validation that we are on the path to doing just that and being taken seriously as an artist -- as a singer , as a songwriter and as a musician . We made a record that made people say , "  Hey , this girl can sing . " And that 's what I had always hoped . CNN : Still , it 's a building process , and in a lot of ways , you 're starting from scratch . Newfield : At this one fair that I went to , they had my name spelled H-e-d-y instead of H-e-i-d-i . Hedy Newfield . And I thought , "  Oh , that 's just great . " And , of course , you go up to the promoter and say , "  Come on , hook a sister up here . " So we 're fixing that . CNN : Of the five awards you 're up for at the ACMs , you have to be most thrilled about top female vocalist . -LSB- Newfield is up against Underwood , Swift , Lee Ann Womack and Miranda Lambert . Newfield : I 'm the biggest dark horse ever . I 'm the big underdog , but I like to be the underdog . I hope the makeup 's rockin ' . I hope I look good at that moment when they call out , "  Carrie Underwood . "	Heidi Newfield is up for five Academy of Country Music Awards Newfield pursuing solo career after being lead singer of Trick Pony Singer does n't want to be a diva but takes advice about not being so nice
Washington  CNN  -- Voting on strictly partisan lines , a House committee recommended Wednesday that Attorney General Eric Holder be cited for contempt of Congress for failing to turn over documents relating to the botched Fast and Furious weapons sting operation . The vote ended an extraordinary daylong hearing that took place after President Barack Obama asserted executive privilege over some documents sought by the panel investigating Fast and Furious . The White House move means the Department of Justice can withhold some of the documents . The committee measure now goes to the full House for consideration , expected next week , of what would be an unprecedented action -- Congress holding a sitting attorney general in contempt . What happens if panel cites Holder for contempt ? "  Unless the attorney general re-evaluates his choice and supplies the promised documents , the House will vote to hold him in contempt next week , " said a statement by the chamber 's Republican leaders . "  If , however , Attorney General Holder produces these documents prior to the scheduled vote , we will give the  committee  an opportunity to review in hopes of resolving this issue . " All 23 Republicans on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee supported the contempt measure , while the 17 Democrats opposed it , reflecting the deep political divide on the issue . Committee chairman Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , refused to put off consideration of the measure , saying the White House assertion of executive privilege "  falls short " of any reason to delay the hearing . Executive privilege : A rocky legal and political road in U.S. history However , Issa said after the hearing that he believes a settlement to avoid an unprecedented contempt vote in the House is "  in the best interest of the Justice Department , Congress and those most directly affected by Operation Fast and Furious . " In a statement later Wednesday , Holder called Issa 's decision to hold the vote "  an election-year tactic " and "  an extraordinary , unprecedented and entirely unnecessary action , intended to provoke an avoidable conflict between Congress and the executive branch . " The committee 's top Democrat , Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , accused Issa of setting an "  impossible standard " for Holder by initially demanding documents the attorney general is legally prohibited from providing . Now Issa has "  no interest in resolving " the dispute with Holder , Cummings said . Wednesday 's developments further heightened the drama of a high-profile showdown between Issa and Holder over the Fast and Furious program that dates back to subpoenas issued by the House committee last year . What do you think of the controversy ? The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives launched Operation Fast and Furious out of Arizona to track weapon purchases by Mexican drug cartels . However , it lost track of more than 1,000 firearms that the agency had allowed straw buyers to carry across the border , and two of the lost weapons turned up at the scene of the 2010 killing of U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry . Issa 's committee is specifically seeking documents that show why the Department of Justice decided to withdraw as inaccurate a February 2011 letter sent to Congress that said top officials had only recently learned about Fast and Furious . The stalemate over the documents escalated dramatically Wednesday . CNN senior political analyst and former presidential adviser David Gergen said such dusts-ups are usually resolved by political negotiations.That 's not been the case here . "  For a lot of Americans who do n't understand the complexities and really do n't care about the complexity of this , it is one more illustration ... that Washington is broken , " Gergen said . But the impasse also shows something about Holder 's resolve , he told "  John King USA . " "  He 's stiffened his spine , " Gergen said . "  He has been under pressure to resign from some quarters in the Republican Party . He ai n't going anywhere . " Now the question is whether a settlement can be reached before the House vote . If the House finds Holder in contempt , it is unlikely he will be prosecuted for criminal contempt , according to Alan Morrison , associated dean at George Washington University Law School . "  It would look like terrible overreaching to go for criminal contempt , " Morrison said , which carries a penalty of $ 1,000 and up to one year in prison . Instead , Morrison said , it is more likely the House would pursue civil prosecution in federal court . The House committee vote came more than six hours after notice that Obama had asserted executive privilege . In a letter to Obama seeking that action , Holder said the documents involved related to the Justice Department 's "  response to congressional oversight and related media inquiries , " and that release of internal executive branch documents would have "  significant , damaging consequences . " Holder contempt vote could come next week Holder also said releasing the documents would "  inhibit the candor of executive branch deliberations in the future and significantly impair the ability of the executive branch to respond independently and effectively to congressional oversight . " Holder said he offered to turn over some of the documents sought by Issa when they met Tuesday in a final effort to resolve the dispute before Wednesday 's hearing . Issa , however , said Holder put unreasonable conditions on his offer . In a letter to Issa after Tuesday 's meeting , Deputy Attorney General James Cole reiterated Holder 's position that the documents would show Holder had nothing to hide about his role in Fast and Furious . Cole noted that the lone point of dispute was whether the February 4 , 2011 , letter was part of a broader effort to obstruct a congressional investigation . "  The answer to that question is an emphatic ` no , ' and we have offered the committee the opportunity to satisfy itself that that is so , " Cole wrote . The department says it already has handed over more than 7,000 pages of records to House investigators and that the remaining material Issa wants could jeopardize criminal prosecutions . Issa and other Republicans on the panel mentioned Brian Terry 's death by name in accusing Holder and the Justice Department of trying to stonewall the investigation of what happened . "  The Department of Justice has fought this investigation every step of the way , " Issa said . "  At the heart of the congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious are disastrous consequences : a murdered Border Patrol Agent , his grieving family seeking answers , countless deaths in Mexico , and the souring effect on our relationship with Mexico , " Issa said in a statement . "  Congress has not just a right but an obligation to do all that it can to uncover exactly what happened and ensure that it never occurs again . " See letter to Issa from deputy attorney general  . PDF Terry 's family issued a statement Wednesday that called for all of the documents sought by the committee to be turned over . "  Our son lost his life protecting this nation , and it is very disappointing that we are now faced with an administration that seems more concerned with protecting themselves rather than revealing the truth behind Operation Fast and Furious , " the statement said . The mother of another federal agent said Wednesday she wants to know the "  full truth " about his death . Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agent Jaime Zapata , who was working for the United States in Mexico , was murdered in February 2011 when his vehicle was ambushed on a highway between Mexico City and Monterrey . Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , last year said he wanted to know if a Texas-based "  gun walking " program may have played a role in Zapata 's murder . He said one of the weapons used in the slaying was allegedly purchased in Texas and trafficked to Mexico . "  Unfortunately , the situation regarding Fast and Furious as well as other gun-walking operations has been something that has damaged the lives of many , " Zapata 's mother , Mary , said in a statement . "  I would have hoped that transparency would have been a priority so that we , like so many others , could get some answers . " Holder floats ` Fast and Furious ' deal with Congress The Tuesday meeting between Issa and Holder amounted to little more than a reiteration of the positions the two staked out in an exchange of letters the previous week . "  Any claims that the Justice Department has been unresponsive to requests for information are untrue , " Holder said , noting he shut Fast and Furious down . The subpoenas issued last year originally cited a broad array of documents , including wiretap requests and other materials involving confidential sources that Holder argued he was prevented by law from supplying . Issa narrowed the request in negotiations with Holder in recent weeks . Holder rejects resignation call at heated Senate hearing Democrats argued the documents demanded by Issa related to internal discussions about responding to the Fast and Furious investigation , rather than the committee 's intended purpose of finding out who authorized the failed program . The party-line division in the panel extended to the portrayal of the Tuesday meeting attended by Holder , Issa , Cummings and others . Issa and Republicans rejected the conditions of Holder 's offer , while Cummings and Democrats said the panel should work with Holder to seek a resolution . Issa said he was surprised by Obama 's action and questioned whether the White House 's role in Fast and Furious "  has been greater than previously acknowledged . " On the border : Guns , drugs -- and a betrayal of trust Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa , the ranking Republican member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , told CNN he previously traced the program only up to the level of an assistant attorney general . "  Now it raises the question of what does the president know and when did he know it by the claim of executive privilege , " said Grassley , who participated in Tuesday 's meeting . But Carl Tobias , professor at the University of Richmond 's School of Law , said it does not appear Obama was involved with the Fast and Furious program . "  He is trying to protect the prerogatives of the department and the people who work for him , " Tobias said of the executive privilege . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said that while Holder may be embarrassed , he wo n't ultimately be found in contempt . "  This is going to be just another political dispute , " Toobin told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  If people remember at all , they 'll remember 23 Republicans were for it , 17 Democrats were against it . " CNN 's Terry Frieden , Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett , Allison Brennan and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	House leaders say the full chamber could vote on contempt next week A House committee recommends a contempt citation against Attorney General Holder Democrats call the contempt measure unfair and an election year witch hunt At issue are documents the panel seeks on the botched Fast and Furious gun-running sting
CNN  -- Northampton Saints winger Chris Ashton ran in four tries at Twickenham on Saturday as England thrashed Italy 59-13 in the RBS Six Nations Championship . Ashton opened his , and England 's account in the second minute when Toby Flood 's pass sent him clear to score under the posts . Italy managed to stay in touch with England with two Bergamasco penalties , but Ashton 's second try in the 24th minute put daylight between the teams , which only increased as the match went on . Mark Cueto and Mike Tindall both went over for tries themselves before the end of the first half as England racked up an impressive 31-6 lead by halftime . Giants of European rugby clash for Six Nations Italy succeeded in repelling England 's surges for the first 10 minutes of the second half , but could n't stop Ashton flying over for his third in the 53rd minute . Four minutes later , substitute scrum-half Danny Care -- who replaced the impressive Ben Youngs -- went over for his third international try . Fabio Ongaro scored Italy 's only try of the match in the 69th minute , but it was n't long before England were running riot again . Flanker James Haskell scored two minutes later and Ashton added his fourth five minutes before time to complete a comprehensive victory for Martin Johnson 's men . The win puts England top of the Six Nations table ahead of Ireland 's clash with 2010 grand slam champions France in Dublin on Sunday . Why France are the Harvey Two-Face of world rugby Italy , who host Wales later in the month , are still looking for their first points of the 2011 championship . Wales bounced back after defeat to England on the opening weekend , beating Scotland 24-6 at Murrayfield . Winger Shane Williams got Wales off to the perfect start as he touched down under the posts after an incisive run through the Scottish defence by fly-half James Hook . Hook duly converted the try and then kicked three penalties to hand Warren Gatland 's team a 16-0 lead after 21 minutes . Scotland got their first points on the board ten minutes later , courtesy of fly-half Dan Parks ' boot to leave Scotland trailing 16-3 at halftime . Parks kicked another penalty midway through the second half , but another James Hook penalty in the 64th minute restored Wales ' lead . Williams ' second try of the match five minutes later condemning Scotland to the second defeat of their Six Nations campaign . Wales face Italy in their next match in two weeks time , while Scotland play host to Ireland .	England thrash Italy 59-13 at Twickenham in RBS Six Nations Championship Chris Ashton scores four of England 's eight tries as England move to top of table Wales defeat Scotland 24-6 at Murrayfield to claim first win of 2011 Six Nations
CNN  -- A body found near Lubbock , Texas , has been identified as that of a baby sitter seen in a motel surveillance video with a longtime family friend charged in the case , authorities said Wednesday . The medical examiner identified the remains found Monday about seven miles outside of the city as belonging to Elizabeth Ennen , 15 . She had been strangled , Capt. Greg Stevens told CNN . Stevens told reporters that Humberto Salinas Jr. , 45 , was being held on a $ 250,000 bond on an aggravated kidnapping charge . Police are talking with the district attorney about taking a murder charge to the grand jury , he said . Elizabeth was reported missing after baby-sitting at a motel for Salinas , who was a friend of the Ennen family and the father of her boyfriend , police said . The girl did baby-sitting jobs several times for Salinas at the motel , where he lived , police said . Stevens would not say whether Salinas was cooperating , but he indicated the remains were not found by chance or through a tip . Elizabeth was reported missing January 5 , and Salinas was charged in the case on Friday . Are you missing a loved one ? Share your story A relative of Salinas declined comment when contacted by CNN Wednesday . Stevens defended the time it took to conduct the investigation and arrest Salinas , saying the suspect was a family friend who deceived the family and police on the girl 's whereabouts . But police believe Elizabeth was dead by the time they got a report that she was missing , Stevens said . "  They -LSB- the family -RSB- trusted this guy to speak ... to the officer , " said the captain , who would not comment on a possible motive . Lily Huckabee , Elizabeth 's aunt , told HLN 's Nancy Grace that the girl 's mother , Virginia , "  is holding on the best she can ... " Salinas was married and "  always presented himself very respectful , " said Huckabee , who described Elizabeth as loving , caring , shy and interested in music . Police have a January 4 surveillance video of Elizabeth being taken from the Carriage House Inn , but they did not know of it when they began their investigation , Stevens told CNN . According to an arrest affidavit , the video shows Salinas holding the teen 's arm and leaving the motel , he said . "  We believe he killed her while he was gone with her , " Stevens said . Salinas went to Elizabeth 's home and talked with her mother early January 5 , police said . He helped her file an initial report , the captain said . According to that report , Salinas said he brought Elizabeth home from the motel and went back to get her purse . When he showed up at the house , the mother asked about her daughter 's whereabouts . The suspect indicated Elizabeth might have left the neighborhood with his son , believed to be 18 or 19 , Stevens said . "  He began misdirecting the investigation , leading it in the opposite direction of the truth , " the officer said . Police initially classified the case as a runaway , but within days learned the son had a solid alibi . They began looking at the elder Salinas , who initially gave another location for the baby-sitting , said Stevens , adding police for much of the investigation believed Elizabeth had disappeared from her home . "  We came around 180 degrees , " said Stevens , adding an investigator suggested they check with the Carriage House Inn on possible video . Officers saw the video on the same day they arrested the suspect , police said . Stevens defended his department from criticism on the time it took to make an arrest and find the body . "  These  type of cases  can often take years , " he said . A candlelight vigil in Elizabeth 's memory is scheduled for Thursday night at Monterey High School , where she attended , CNN affiliate KCBD in Lubbock reported . Her funeral is Friday . Diena Thompson , the mother of a girl found dead in a Georgia landfill , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell she has issued financial assistance from the Somer Thompson Foundation to Elizabeth Ennen 's mother . Thompson 's daughter , Somer , was taken from her Florida neighborhood in October 2009 . The child was raped and killed and her body left under a pile of trash . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Elizabeth Ennen , 15 , was missing since January 5 ; her body was found near Lubbock Police said she was baby-sitting at a motel for the man arrested in case Humberto Salinas Jr. was a friend of the Ennen family , police said Police said Salinas misdirected their initial investigation
CNN  -- Nine Hutu tribal fighters and several Rwandan and Congolese troops were killed in fighting in eastern Congo , a United Nations spokesman said , as the two governments continued an unprecedented partnership to combat ethnic violence . Laurent Nkunda , seen here in November 2008 , was reportedly arrested last week in Rwanda . The fighting against the Hutus in the Lubero region came a day after Congolese rebel leader Laurent Nkunda , of the rival Tutsi ethnic group , was arrested by Rwandan authorities . U.N. spokesman Jean Paul Deitrich told CNN on Saturday that no further details about the fighting were immediately available . Lubero is about 200 kilometers  124 miles  northeast of Goma , the regional capital . Nkunda 's arrest early Friday raised hopes for peace in the war-ravaged region . International observers hope it will lead the roughly 1,500 fighters that follow him to join with government forces . Hear how Nkunda tried to flee capture " Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo have traditionally been on different sides of the conflict in eastern Congo -- which pits ethnic Tutsis , supported by Rwanda , against Congo-backed Hutus . The fighting is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide of the early 1990s , when hundreds of thousands of Rwandans were killed in ethnic battles between minority Tutsi and majority Hutu . A United Nations report last month accused Rwanda and Congo of fighting a proxy war in the region , using the ethnic groups . It said both sides had used child soldiers , and committed executions and rape , in the conflict . CNN 's Katy Byron contributed to this report .	Fighting comes day after Rwanda arrests Tutsi rebel leader , Laurent Nkunda Neighboring nations have been on different sides of the conflict in east Congo Struggle pits Tutsis , supported by Rwanda , against the Congo-backed Hutu The conflict is effectively an extension of the Rwandan genocide of the 1990s
Despite repeated police efforts to disperse them , thousands held a sit-in for a third consecutive night in the city 's main commercial district to protest a government-backed shopping center project . Police deployed tear gas earlier Thursday at Taksim Gezi Park . They also removed tents and sleeping bags used by protesters , who are trying to prevent bulldozers from entering the park to take down trees . Demonstrators disapprove of plans to rebuild old Ottoman barracks and create a shopping arcade . They are organizing over Facebook and Twitter and by Thursday night the number of people in the park was in the thousands . Their protest has turned into an informal referendum on recent Turkish government policies . "  I saw it on TV last night , saw that there were people , young people taking ownership of the environment . I wanted to support them , because I think not supporting them is inhumane , " said Adalet Makar , a retired banker who spent Wednesday night at the park in her sleeping bag . The demonstration has grown in number since late Monday . Public outcry over the proposed project , as well as two police interventions against the demonstrators with tear gas , has drawn more people to the park . "  Gas , gas , gas , it is the only way they deal with problems , " said Esen Tuna , a 21-year-old architectural student . Turkish police routinely use tear gas and water cannons to break up demonstrations . The government led by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has made it clear that it will go ahead with the planned project . "  They can do whatever they want . We 've made our decision and we will do as we have decided , " said Erdogan on Wednesday , according to the semi-official Anadolu Agency . Erdogan said that the rebuilding of the Ottoman barracks was a matter of having "  respect for history . " Critics disagree , arguing that the project is a way for making profit from the sale of valuable real estate in Istanbul 's main commercial district . "  This can not be explained by saying this is historical conservation , It is not that , it is about money , " said Ece Demirel , an activist with the Urban Movement Forum , an organization that tracks development projects across Turkey . The government 's other controversial policies have also come under fire . Erdogan 's policy on Syria , which many in Turkey blame for a twin car blast that killed at least 52 , as well as a new law that would prohibit vendors from selling liquor from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. , are part of the sit-in at Taksim Gezi Park . Demonstrators have chanted , "  this is only the beginning , our struggle will continue . " Many at the park said they believe this may be the beginning of a turning point in Turkey . "  This is an uprising , a protest against the increasing bans , " said Michelle Demishevich , an activist and member of Turkey 's Green Party . "  Perhaps just like we saw the Arab Spring , this will be the Turkish Spring . "	Demonstrators oppose shopping center in Istanbul Protesters try to block bulldozers in park Turkish government vows to go forward with project
CNN  -- What is usually a time of celebration was marked by gunfire and protests in Syria on Sunday as residents ushered in the first day of the Muslim holiday , Eid al-Adha . Twenty-three people were killed in the violence , activists said . At least 16 were killed in shelling and gunfire in the western city of Homs , a hotbed of anti-government sentiment and a government-led crackdown , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . Three others were killed in Hama , two in Idlib and one person was killed in both Lattakia and Douma , the LCC said . Other people were reported wounded . In Aleppo , Syria 's largest city and the country 's economic center , residents took to the streets in anti-government protests after the morning Eid prayers , the LCC said . In the southern city of Daraa , where the unrest started in March , security forces fired in the air to disperse crowds and prevent them from demonstrating after prayers , the group said . CNN could not confirm the reports . Tough media restrictions in Syria have made it hard to verify events on the ground . Detainees at Syrian prisons have launched a hunger strike , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said , protesting against what they claim were false promises by the Syrian authorities that they would be released . The coordination committees ' network added that more than 1,300 detainees at the "  central prison " in Homs alone were participating . In a statement issued Sunday , the Arab League criticized the Syrian government 's failure to implement its proposal "  to end the violence used against protesters , " and said Arab League foreign ministers would meet Saturday to discuss the situation . The organization has warned that a regional crisis could ensue if the Syrian government does not comply with its pledge last week to follow the Arab League 's plan . The government agreed to pull its army off the streets , release people jailed since the protests began in March and allow international journalists and Arab League observers to monitor the moves , Arab League ministers announced Wednesday . But opposition activists say that has not happened , and reports of violence in Syria have continued . On Sunday , Syria 's ambassador to the League , Youssef Ahmad , knocked its leaders ' comments , according to the government-run Syrian Arab News Agency . "  The AL  Arab League  Secretariat is supposed to play its role in coordinating between the Syrian government and the ministerial committee , not proclaim itself a party against the Syrian government , " the ambassador said , according to SANA . The news agency also said that Syria 's foreign minister , Walid al-Moallem , sent letters to his counterparts in various countries , accusing the United States of inciting violence . In a bid to end the unrest , officials have called on Syrians to lay down their weapons -- a request that was discouraged by the United States -- al-Moallem wrote , SANA said . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland was asked last week about a reported amnesty offer that would give Syrians 72 hours to turn themselves in . "  I would n't advise anybody to turn themselves in to regime authorities at the moment , " she said . Eid al-Adha , which commemorates the Muslim prophet Ibraham 's willingness to sacrifice his son for Allah , is one of two major holidays in Islam . The other , Eid al-Fitr , marks the end of Ramadan , when Muslims fast from dawn to dusk . In ordinary times , the occasions are marked with joyous community prayers , acts of charity , visits from far-flung relatives , gift-giving and elaborate feasts . But Syria is in the midst of a nearly eight-month uprising that started with calls for elections and an end to abuses by security forces , but turned into widespread calls for the ouster of President Bashar al-Assad . Despite a brutal government crackdown , the demonstrations continue . On Saturday , violence left at least 28 people dead , adding to a death toll that has climbed upward of 3,800 , the LCC said . SANA placed Saturday 's toll at 22 , and said the "  martyrs " had died at the hands of "  armed terrorist groups " -- a phrase the state has used to describe the anti-government demonstrators . Al-Assad and other officials have blamed the violence on outside forces attempting to undermine the 40-year rule of the president 's family . Syria has made previous pledges to withdraw armed forces from civilian areas , but in some of those cases , it withdrew only armored units and left infantry in place , or returned after a brief pullout . It also has made other moves aimed at defusing the protests , including plans to draft a new constitution , but they have failed to appease demonstrators . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Over 1,300 detainees in Homs among hunger strikers , an opposition group says Syria accuses the United States of inciting violence , state media reports The Arab League says its foreign ministers will meet to discuss the situation in Syria Residents take to the streets in Aleppo after morning Eid prayers , activists say
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court unanimously ruled against the National Football League over its exclusive contract with an apparel maker in one of the most important sports law cases in decades . In a 9-0 decision Monday , the justices said the league can be considered 32 separate teams , not a single business . The court allowed a lawsuit against the league to continue , saying the licensing of intellectual property "  constitutes concerted action " that is not part of the broad antitrust protection enjoyed by professional baseball . Such protection allows individual teams to act as one business when making a host of financial decisions , including marketing their logos and trademarks . The outcome could affect other sports franchises with similar limited antitrust exemption , as well as businesses that have cooperative networks , such as credit card companies . The National Basketball Association , the National Hockey League , the National Collegiate Athletic Association , NASCAR , professional tennis and Major League Soccer backed the NFL in its appeal , seeking similarly broad antitrust protection . "  Decisions by NFL teams to license their separately owned trademarks collectively and to only one vendor are decisions that ` deprive the marketplace of independent centers of decisionmaking , ' " Justice John Paul Stevens wrote for the court , "  and therefore of actual or potential competition . " The case involves a lawsuit from American Needle Inc. , an Illinois-based sports apparel maker that was one of several companies with long-standing contracts with NFL Properties , a separate corporate entity that develops , licenses and markets the intellectual property of each team . But in 2001 , the league entered into an exclusive 10-year contract with Reebok to manufacture hats , jackets and other clothing featuring team logos . American Needle is no longer able to negotiate with individual teams . Some fans have complained that the prices on such gear have skyrocketed in the absence of competition from other apparel makers . A Baltimore Ravens "  replica jersey " with the name of star quarterback Joe Flacco , for example , now is listed for $ 108 on the team 's Web site . American Needle complained that the deal violated a 120-year-old antitrust law designed to limit cartels and monopolies , and to foster fair competition in the marketplace . The key section of the law bans business rivals from conspiring to blunt competition or hurt consumers , by either increasing prices or limiting choices . "  The court vindicated the position of American Needle , " said Glen Nager , attorney for the company . The ruling reinstates the firm 's lawsuit against the NFL . Nager said the result of the Reebok deal was that the league 's 32 teams "  put all of their intellectual property under the control of a single licensee , Reebok , and prices -LSB- went -RSB- up by 150 percent . " "  The case has to go forward , and American Needle is entitled to its day in court , " Nager added . He said he was not surprised by the unanimous decision . The ruling overturned of a 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals decision that the league was one , not 32 . Baseball is the only sports league that enjoys complete antitrust protection . The NFL has long sought similar status . The dilemma is acute because of the unique nature of pro sports , including American football and its 32 teams . Those teams , including top apparel sellers the Dallas Cowboys and the Pittsburgh Steelers , compete against each other on the field and off -- for victories , for players and for their own brands . But the league maintains unilateral rules and structure that all teams must follow to ensure parity and an equal playing field . The NFL negotiates national television contracts and deals with the players ' union through collective bargaining . The league says trademark licensing primarily benefits the on-field competition . "  A sports league produces a single entertainment product , " the league told the high court , "  a structured series of athletic competitions leading to a championship , that no member club could produce on its own . " But American Needle countered that the structure does not erase the fact that "  the teams are separately owned and controlled profit-making enterprises . They are actual and potential competitors in numerous areas , including the licensing of intellectual properties . " The Obama administration supported neither side , saying the league can be considered a single business in some areas but not others . Stevens noted that the ruling will not completely hamstring the league . "  Football teams that need to cooperate are not trapped by antitrust law , " he wrote . "  The fact that NFL teams share an interest in making the entire league successful and profitable , and that they must cooperate in the production and scheduling of games provides a perfectly sensible justification for making a host of collective decisions . But the conduct at issue in this case is still concerted activity under the Sherman Act . " The ruling throws the dispute back to the lower federal courts to sort out the parameters of a possibly reworked licensing agreement that presumably would favor American Needle . Retail sales of NFL-licensed merchandise in the United States and Canada was about $ 3.2 billion in 2007 , according to the trade journal Sports Licensing Report . The combined total for football , baseball , hockey , basketball and soccer is more than $ 9 billion annually . Among those backing the league are credit card companies , fearing that a ruling against the NFL could set a precedent that would hurt the federation of banks that constitutes the credit card network for companies like Visa and MasterCard . Workers ' rights groups feared that a win for the sports league could have boosted its power in other off-field activities , perhaps giving owners immunity from lawsuits in areas like television rights , video-game licenses , franchise relocation and possibly athlete salaries . Unions also expressed concern that the current legal fight could lead to labor unrest and possible player strikes , since the leagues might be protected legally from accusations owners conspired to keep down salaries . Athletes say salaries , free agency rights and pensions could also have been affected by a ruling against them . The NFL Players Association backed American Needle in the high court appeal . The case is American Needle v. National Football League  08-661  . CNN Radio 's Bob Costantini contributed to this report .	American Needle says NFL deal with Reebok violates antitrust law Court says licensing of intellectual property is not part of antitrust protection Manufacturer 's lawsuit against league can continue Outcome of case could affect other sports franchises
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Socks , the cat who won international fame during his years in the Clinton White House , was euthanized Friday after months of treatment for cancer . Socks was adopted by Chelsea Clinton when her father was governor of Arkansas . Socks , who was born in 1989 , was put to sleep about 10 a.m. at Three Notch Veterinary Clinic in Hollywood , Maryland , said veterinary assistant Rae Dera . Veterinarians say he was probably either 19 or 20 years old . The cat had been losing weight since November and had been treated at the clinic , Dera said . He had been suffering from a cancer in his mouth and jaw . Since the Clintons left the White House in 2001 , Socks had lived with Betty Currie , former President Bill Clinton 's secretary . The Clintons were known to have visited Socks , and Currie , when in Washington . He had been a stray and was adopted by Chelsea Clinton , the Clintons ' daughter , when Bill Clinton was governor of Arkansas . "  Socks brought much happiness to Chelsea and us over the years , and enjoyment to kids and cat lovers everywhere , " Bill and Hillary Clinton said in a joint statement released by the William J. Clinton Foundation . "  We 're grateful for those memories , and we especially want to thank our good friend , Betty Currie , for taking such loving care of Socks for so many years . " The black-and-white feline was a fixture at the White House during the Clintons ' eight-year run . He was often photographed on the president 's shoulder and was given free rein of the presidential residence -- showing up in photos in the Oval Office and White House press briefing room . He had his own online fan club , appeared at animal charity events and was one of the subjects of now-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's book , "  Dear Socks , Dear Buddy : Kids ' Letters to the First Pets . "	Socks was euthanized after months of treatment for cancer Cat was a stray before being adopted by Clintons Lived with President Clinton 's former secretary after Clinton left office
Oprah.com  -- If you heard there was a weapon proven to prevent most crimes before they happen , would you run out and buy it ? World-renowned security expert Gavin de Becker says this weapon exists , but you already have it . He calls it "  the gift of fear . " One chapter in Gavin 's book "  The Gift of Fear " has stuck with Oprah since she first read it . The story of a woman named Kelly begins with a simple warning sign . A man offers to help carry her groceries into her apartment -- and instantly , Kelly does n't like the sound of his voice . Kelly goes against her gut and lets him help her -- and in doing so , she lets a rapist into her home . "  We get a signal prior to violence , " Gavin says . "  There are preincident indicators . Things that happen before violence occurs . " Gavin says that unlike any other living creature , humans will sense danger yet still walk right into it . "  You 're in a hallway waiting for an elevator late at night . Elevator door opens , and there 's a guy inside , and he makes you afraid . You do n't know why , you do n't know what it is . Some memory of this building -- whatever it may be . And many women will stand there and look at that guy and say , ` Oh , I do n't want to think like that . I do n't want to be the kind of person who lets the door close in his face . I 've got to be nice . I do n't want him to think I 'm not nice . ' And so human beings will get into a steel soundproof chamber with someone they 're afraid of , and there 's not another animal in nature that would even consider it . " For weeks , Nicole had a funny feeling that something odd was going on in her apartment . "  My gut started feeling like something just was n't right , " she says . "  I would come home , and there would be just weird lights on in my house -- lights that I did n't even remember turning on in the first place . " Then one day , Nicole noticed a UPS delivery box where it should n't be . "  I 'm like , ` How did this brand of box get on my back balcony ? ' " Nicole began to feel uneasy -- but continued to brush it off . "  I would just come home , you know , and almost feel nauseous , " she says . "  I kept trying to justify it saying , ` Okay , it is in my head . ' " Nicole 's funny feeling eventually escalated into full-fledged panic attacks , which Gavin says were her intuition 's way of telling her that something was wrong . "  And intuition records everything . So when she started getting panics attacks , her intuition is saying , basically , ` You 're not going to listen ? Okay , I 'll ramp it up . I 'll give you panic attacks . You want sleepless nights ? I 'll give you sleepless nights . ' " Nicole eventually did listen to her intuition , starting with a simple test . "  I dropped a tank top behind the door as I was leaving for work , thinking that when I come home that night , I 'm going to peek my head around the corner . If -LSB- the tank top -RSB- had been pushed to the side , it would have been obvious that the door was opened . " When Nicole got home , she says the tank top had moved . Caught on camera The next day , Nicole says she set up a hidden camera to try and find out what was going on in her apartment . Once she came home , Nicole says she plugged the camcorder into her laptop . "  And the first thing I see is this man 's head peeking around the corner into my house , " she says . "  What I felt at that point was just complete terror . I 'm sitting there watching this video -- this story unfold -- and this person comes in my house , is looking around , going through my things , looking through my laundry , holding up my lingerie . " As Nicole continues to watch in horror , the intruder undresses himself and puts her lingerie on . "  So this person is in my clothes , proceeds to start pleasuring himself -- just very , very graphic things happening right there in my house with my belongings . And he finishes up , takes off my clothes -- and puts them exactly back as I had left them -- puts his clothes back on , checks to make sure nobody 's outside the door and leaves . " After watching the tape , Nicole says she ran around her apartment , screaming hysterically . She says she had never seen the man in the tape before . "  Initially , I took my cell phone , called my boyfriend at the time , screaming hysterically . All I could say was , ` He 's in my house . He 's in my house . ' Even picking up the phone , dialing , was difficult . " Two weeks later , police found the man -- 39-year-old Shawn Rogers , a computer consultant with a young son and a wife at the time . Police were unable to charge Rogers with anything more than trespassing ... until he came back to Nicole 's apartment to steal her camera . Police were able to charge Rogers with burglary , and he was sentenced to eight years in prison . Dangerous behavior When Nicole found the UPS box on her balcony , Gavin says this was a warning sign . Gavin applauds Nicole for listening to her intuition and says that quieting her fear could have caused the situation to escalate . "  He 's already into behavior of wanting to get caught , " he says . "  You do n't come back again and again and again and not want to get caught . " Gavin says like Nicole , the intruder 's intuition was probably trying to tell him something too . "  Offenders as well can see what 's happening in their lives . And talk about not listening to it -- he 's in someone 's apartment doing something sexual with their clothes on -- that 's something to listen to . " Because the intruder had a job and a family , Gavin says his behavior was not only reckless , but dangerous as well . "  When people do listen , they can stop what 's almost fate , " Gavin says . "  There 's a great line that Carl Jung said . He said , ` What we do not make conscious emerges later as fate . ' If he made it conscious , if he could talk to someone about it , if he could tell someone , he could get better also . But he did n't , and it does mean escalation . If she discovered him , that 's dangerous . If he came in when she was there , that 's dangerous . " Your feelings are warnings Doris , who says she endured years of sexual abuse at the hands of her husband , appeared on "  The Oprah Show " after leaving her husband . Unfortunately , her battle did n't end there -- two months after she left him , Doris 's ex-husband abducted her at gunpoint and raped her . After the show , Oprah spoke with Doris again to ask if her she had sensed any warning signs the night she was abducted . "  As I was coming home from work , it was just a very eerie , strange feeling as I drove up , " Doris says . "  It was darker than normal in my driveway , and there was a trash can sitting where I normally park right in the middle . "  I thought , ` Hmm , this is strange . ' Because my mother lives with me , and she 'll turn on the lights when it gets dark . It did give me a little eerie feeling -- the hairs on the back of your neck kind of stand up . But still , I did n't listen to my instincts . " Gavin says that "  eerie feeling " is exactly what he wants women to pay attention to . "  We 're trying to analyze the warning signs , " he says . "  And what I really want to teach today and forever is the feeling is the warning sign . All the other stuff is our explanation for the feeling . Why it was this , why it was that . The feeling itself is the warning sign . " From "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2008 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Security expert Gavin de Becker says fear can be a gift Says humans only animal who senses danger and walks into it Two victims recall feeling uneasy before crime happened
CNN  -- -LSB- Updated 2:30 p.m. Monday , May 7 -RSB- This photo was taken in the Peruvian capital of Lima , where it 's common to see archaeological ruins amid the urban landscape . Many of these pre-Incan "  huacas , " or sacred places , are now at risk because of a lack of funding and protection , according to Agence France-Presse . "  Most huacas are officially the cultural patrimony of the nation , but the area around them that can not be touched is not delineated , " archaeologist Cristian Vizconde told AFP . "  This omission allows developers and squatters to invade them , or mayors to build parks and playing fields on them . " Click here to get a look at some of Lima 's more picturesque huacas . Congrats to CNN.com reader "  Jmccarley " for being the first to answer Lima in the comment section . -LSB- Original post -RSB- Do you know where this photo was taken ? If you think you know the answer -- or if you just want to take a wild guess -- post it in the comments area below . Later in the day , we 'll reveal where the photo was taken and give credit to those who figured it out first .  The more detail , the better ! Each Monday morning , we 'll post a new photo and challenge you to tell us its origin . The photo might be related to a prominent news story or theme -- or it might just be something that caught our eye . Good luck ! Check out past "  Where in the World ... ? "	Do you know where this photo was taken ? CNN will post a new photo each Monday morning and reveal the answer later that day The photo might be related to a recent story -- or it could just be something unusual we found
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The head of Britain 's intelligence services has warned that children as young as 15 are becoming involved in terrorist-related activity . Jonathan Evans , the chief of MI5 , also said that at least 2,000 people in Britain pose a threat to the country 's security because of their support for al Qaeda-inspired terrorism . "  As I speak , terrorists are methodically and intentionally targeting young people and children in this country . They are radicalising , indoctrinating and grooming young , vulnerable people to carry out acts of terrorism , " he told a gathering of newspaper editors in Manchester . Evans said the figure of 2,000 -- an increase of 400 since November 2006 -- only included those the intelligence services knew about and that the actual number could be double . He said there had been 200 terrorist convictions in Britain since the September 11 attacks . The MI5 head added that over recent years much of the command and inspiration for attack planning in the UK had come from al Qaeda 's remaining core leadership in the tribal areas of Pakistan . However , he said in the last 12 months terrorist plots on British soil were increasingly inspired by al Qaeda cadres in other countries , including in Iraq and East Africa . "  There is no doubt now that al Qaeda in Iraq aspires to promote terrorist attacks outside Iraq . There is no doubt that there is training activity and terrorist planning in East Africa -- particularly in Somalia -- which is focused on the UK , " he told the Society of Editors meeting . According to Evans , there had been "  no decrease " in the number of Russian covert intelligence officers operating in Britain since the end of the Cold War . He said that resources that could be devoted to counter-terrorism were instead being used to protect Britain against spying by Russia , China and others . "  A number of countries continue to devote considerable time and energy trying to steal our sensitive technology on civilian and military projects and trying to obtain political and economic intelligence at our expense , " he said . E-mail to a friend	UK intel chief says children as young as 15 involved in terrorist-related activity Jonathan Evans : At least 2,000 people in Britain who pose threat to security MI5 chief said the actual number could be double that
